May 3rd  Customer Acquisition from Organic Search featuring Vanessa Fox :
I Love You
said she doesnt doctornk any more she said she's a domesticatedHoBag now ; p
You're welcome!
: 
ExactlyI'd take it!
: Plus now we know how great Buffalo is!
Travis, you're my everything, i'm still your little girl.
I miss cuddling with you on the couch on saturday nights.
/3.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Post on our wall and tell us what you're most thankful for this year!
Sometimes you need to just let go.
Like when you have been picking out red peppers for fifteen minutes.
I fucking love grocery shopping.
omfgg.
I just saw this guy who looked exactly like 3
Coming up in a little bit on News8 my story on San Diego Hospice and how you can help with their mission of mercy..
The Chariot and Billy Corgan?
I think not.
That's like Jimmy Page being on a Miley Cyrus record.
Well since your reading this, you might as well shout me out?
:DD 3
Technology activism needs more than diversity due diligence  the game needs to change, as does the leadership.
Deloney
3rd OccupyPortland arrest in Jameson square.
This has been interesting to watch
You are such a doll!
Enjoy them!
RT : Purchased amazing new earrings from today!
40 Year Old Virgin , my French teacher.
Oh wait never mind shes 50.
O.o
I will!
Wishing everyone a fantastic evening at the
IndieMusic Stream: The Walkmen  We Cant Be Beat
I love so much...
Her and are my best friends 3
Watching a band called Sons of Sancho.
They're great!
Lindy Fix on the Road 5:30 tonight at the Comfort Zone Cafe on Elmwood!
Lesson by Rob and Alaina with DJ Rob!
I love eating lucky charms and saving all the marshmellows for last :'
I love Michael Chabon.
I too believe he's incapable of writing a boring sentence.
Honestly I knew nothing.
I just enjoyed it all!
CottoGangsta but Mayweather was so fast!
RT : who you going for?
...oops I didn't mean to make that
Lets party.
WooHoo!
Got my tix to see !!!
You are more than welcome.
Thank you for a most thoughtprovoking read every time I pick it up...er...
open it in Adobe Acrobat.
:
Will be calling u within a few days.
Happy New Year!
Need 10 more volunteers to stuff runner bags for the 9a2p this Saturday.
Contact ASAP to sign up!
I miss watching stargate!
Going to the pool with :
What up twitta i missed y'all :
Happy Easter!!
Thankful Jesus died for us...
But more thankful He rose and lives today.
Awesome.
Thanks.
Now to get maddow to deliverance country.
thanks for all the POVs.
Helpful!
prettylittleliars r u ready to see the real me bitches?
A
acoustic stuff and idk, it's very different!
Thank God for Good Friday!
Thank you so much to everyone who came tonight!
3
: : watching Maury with this cheating ninja u gonna be on there why would i be on there
Just saw a punk kid with a real life cat riding on his sholder as he walked up the street.
I'm assuming you were too polite to tell them to shut the hell up while they were devouring you.
All right, Jazz Folks the countdown is on for Jazz Stories!
Milo Jaramillo's gonna turn it out.
We're ready!
: BREAKING: Threetime World Series champion manager Tony La Russa announces his retirement.
what
Thank u so much for coming with me.
yeah I'm so selfish, i get to hangout with you.
Everyone has the most self confident twitter names lol
I am on a panel with discussing our Ofrenda project with I don't know if it's public.
levilowrey is an allamerican son of bitch.
you can trade the VIX, with the symbol VXX.
but be careful the VXX does not move exactly like the VIC
It does the body good.
RT I feel Rocky Mountains restored.
Colorado, you are a creative wellspring.
Can't wait to come back!
NoteToFriends: The passenger seated behind me represents the annoying ing verbs: munching, fiddling,  snoring!
well you said NBC ending 30, Community and Parks and Rec each getting a short ending season Doesn't make sense?
Congrats Chris....just keep Mondays free!
oh where do u live?
Dying for food
Knicks Lets start fresh next year
March Madness starts today and we aren't talking basketball...
Stay tuned for a special offer!
: I am mostly on the KU side because of Blame him you reek of denial.
It's 30 degrees you guise.
The few who do are the envy of the many who only watch.
Jim Rohn
I noticed I don't have no dance muvs...
I can only muv the top half of my body...
Lol!
That is a bold statement.
I know how much you live your TaB.
Penalty called on Paul Emerick.
Japan setting up for a kick.
Thanks to BOD member Gig Chinisci and son David for a fantastic presentation to the Alb Acad Community Builders!
Assessments are simply not fun.
most things are hard, that's why you have to work at it.
I feel like if everything were easy the world would be boring u know?
you are not alone!
:
Ok, so I can't tune a piano, but I can definitely tuna fish.
Haha graduation.
I'm mentally burnt out.
Follow back  :
quiet down sister
hell yea she just living life at this point ..
Pops made that possible for her ..
Don't forget your roots, It was geeks and designers who earlyadopted Twitter.
Not CharliefuckingSheen.
You're a loser.
;
Romo has decided to take Wally's advice and not try to qualify for the US Open.
Comment below
This is embarrassing.
dude calm down
Where the heck is my peeps
Sometimes there is no next time, no time outs, no second chances.
Sometimes it's now or never..
haha.
Maybe if you posted a youtube vid of your Accent, that'd help?!
:
I need to talk with you about a film I'm releasing this spring/summer:
THE ALL NEW 2012 CHECY VOLT!
Now powered by butterflies and Pixy Dust!
likin that hook.
Real nice
psttt..
we get out of school May 25.
I'm planning on only carrying 20 with me at all times.
where the fuck u was at after the party??
I was looking for ya
yessir, I am.
Feeling good.
Thanks for asking :
Hey tweety tweet fam you can look me up on Facebook by looking up Angel Buckmire.
D.O.C.'s fanpage is D.O.C.
Disciples of Christ
: Winter is coming.
I cannot freaking waitWINTER??
Must Be excited about something!
what about Reggie miller?!?!?
Can't wait for the game Sunday...Go Boys!
Good morning followers...
POKER NIGHT Tonight at Lo Cash.
The last few weeks have been full of winners.
AlabamaFollower So I just found this website to grab a grocery coupons.
All you need is an email
I think it was a pellet gun.
Penetrated the shell buy not cleanly through.
Anyway, I didn't want it to rust.
Ready to make the day my bitch.
Gotan Project in the background as I am catching up on work:
Are the announcers watching the same game??
My Voice is back!
Bring on the recordings!
:
thanks for the follow!
we hope you are as excited as we are about the clothing line coming out!
on my way to work
wat up fam?
i see you dj and im looking to have a few records broken so get atme fam
Baby, can i be the one you call when you're tired of the lies  the truth is all you want to hear ?
It takes 20 years to build a reputation  5 minutes to ruin it.
If you think about that, youll do things differently.
All men who have achieved great things have been great doctoramers.
Orison Swett Marden
haha well gtg, waking up early
LOVE day games!
Where will you be watching the game?
No real reason to be happy as I am that Bruins are out of the nhl playoffs...but I am nonetheless!
:
perfect!!
Can't wait :
awesome!
That sounds like a fun one!
sup man,not sure u rmbr me, luke waters friend.
met u in pcola.
keep up the good work for the lord.
congrats on a good yr.
At 30 Rock to appear in moments  talk about wherearethewomen going in 2012
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves.
But, don't get too personal on the first date.
Sometimes I look at my friends and think to myself, Where did I meet these crazy people?
But then I think What would I do without them?
the bond me  my little brother have 
Thanks for the RT, Sir!
Today a student thanked me for giving him the graphic novel Stitches by David Small a couple of years ago to read.
It is his favorite book.
I KNOW.
god
i have a camera!!!!
who knows editing?
Can't imagine how I could be mistaken for the lovely BTW, will be so excited you're out there.
Tonight's win in NY26 has more to do w/ braisen GOP tactics to cut Medicare than Dems vision.
Good news  voters won't tolerate
I'm losing my voice
Chris Singleton is tied w Rasheed Wallace for 5th most rookie starts for Wizards/Bullets since 8182
Damn you don't like Lebron do you
I'm done smoking.
I swear on everything.
Sad to learn of the death of Christine BrookeRose.
I sometimes teach Amalgamemnon alongside Ulysses
ok, now i like
Ahh, I knew I should have gone to Central Park today.
Maybe I would have seen Taylor Swift.
Darn
thingsblackpeoplesayinarguments Don't do me..., Aw you got me fucked up lol
Too much social networking can deprive you of a social life.
on my way to Boston now but I will be back in the city on Sunday
Love handles not so lovely?
We can help!
Body Wraps are buy 2 get one FREE throughout January.
avengers was a great movie but I'm never watching a movie that's packed with people.
Please stop talking
...you remembered me
Big day of moving hundoctords of pounds of books.
I know I'll be feeling this tomorrow...
At the Skill Share Fair!
Linda So has new info about the warehouse fire in Canton if you live nearby
I understand now why our health is so closely tied to the quality of our relationships.
we have video on YouTube search iCandi twerkteam
I would like to wish everyone .
.
love peace and hair grease.
niggah I created sarcasm
Working on several great projects for  she's got some really exciting things coming up so make sure you follow her!
how is it so far???
TORNADO WARNING: ADAMS, SCIOTO, LAWRENCE, GALLIA COUNTIES
Follow back?
: When do I meet Tom Hanks?
train polarexpress most likely when you become a cartoon...
already 7 chapters into the hunger games..
I may be over sooner than expected for the 2nd book ;
todays my last day of freshman year!
Both Canada's Wiarton Willie  USA's Puxatawny Phil seem to agree!
Racetweeps are getting an early spring.
Bring on the season!
Strega waterfront  Boston's fan pier an absolute must !
I love relationships that the couples arnt just eachothers lovers but r eachothers bestfriends u can talk about anything and etc
Now in need of a Saturday night spot.
What venues are needing a Dj?
Hm.
I thought the warning is always an understood...
Good: figured out how to fix story.
Challenge: involves completely rewriting it.
Time to get on it...
I'm opening up for Kix Brooks Thursday night at the Cotton Eyed Joe!
Whose gonna be there?
;
People gossip, its up to you whether you want to hear it or not.
seems like a really chilled person.
if i ever get the chance to meet him i will try to have an actual conversation.
:
Hey, i know i haven't talked to you in a suuuuppperrr long time.
But, what's Crystal's ?
YouKnowYouBrokeWhen you can't afford anything at 99 Cents store
First day of 2012 and I've laid on the couch all day...i call that a win.
He has inside jokes with complete strangers...sounds like the to me MostInterestingMan ad on TV
RT : Ah, movies were added to iTunes In The Cloud as of yesterday.
That's the missing piece of my puzzle.
I can't come tomorrow sorry love!
Probably Wednesday though.
I can work as part of the crew too.
But I don't get back to LA until the 16.
But anytime after that I'll work on anything
never :p
aww haha.
I couldn't really handle any of it  got into the room late, so I didn't really have time to learn it.
Huge, hip crowd downtown at Dwelling Spaces gallery exhibit.
Makes Tulsa feel like a ...city
Jay n B's security guard looks like Montell Williams' nephew.
I'm finally not the only fly in the milk
The art of running for President is to work super hard but make it seem like this is all second nature to you.
Christina s a beast
right LOL we already had this convo before its all good I am to lowkey we can tease each other
What an awesome day honoring the dads in my life.
Love you, !
You're the best dad a mom could ever want for her kids!!
Spending weekend with Amy my love!
In
If you decide to reface rather than replace your cabinets, be forewarned: Doors and doctorwer fronts account for the greatest expense.
The time is near save big and join!!
Thanks, I'm pretty sure it will be an enjoyable event but unfortunately out of town for the weekend.
Inform me on next event.
and just like that....Presto 6,700  b
lol ur a trip.
I'm gonna hit your line later on in the afternoon.
Got some funny stuff to tell you lol
We are meeting at the office bout 6 I guess so shortly after that.
Damn so early!
Ha what about you?
I am starting to get really bored with all my hmwrk
It is safer to search in the maze than to remain in a cheeseless situation Spencer Johnson
I want to be friends with all of the SNL cast members.
And the girl that sings Pon Pon Pon.
pemny for the
Bike arrived Fed Ex from Annapolis, unfortunately my iPod never made it home!
I hate havin things Otha ppl got so order now parleblaque...difference is key
lol ok I'm chill lol and which picnic????
My neighbour asked if he could use my lawnmower and I told him of course he could, so long as he didn't take it out of my garden.
I'M ON A BOAT MUTHAAAAA FUCKAAAAA.
: When you don't do it all of the time, DJing becomes extremely fun and rewarding.
word of the wise
oh no problem babe!
I hear that : i need sum entertainment in my life
Sjcidhejciwgwbidg .
Twitter won't let me follow people :l fudge.
tomorrow i will come back
: Your skinny body doesn't fix your ugly face.
lifeofaprincess
2 loose cannon doctorfts like your neighbors upstairs Otherwise I'm going upstairs every time!
Glad they went to a good home RT : We got the last 2 pints of Founders KBS FUCKING YUMMY!
Also,
Thanks for the RT Dana.
Enjoy your coffee :
Watching some crazy stuff on ac360, perception of others handed down by parents can often affect a childs world view for life.

I'm glad you like it!
Bootstrap has definitely saved me a ton of time on certain projects.
And people seem happy with the neat, clean look.
It really bothers me when I hear another Christian say that the Bible isnt 100 correct or that man translated it so there are errors
SNSS is my focus trade, DD it.
Headed to First Friday receptions at the Dupont art galleries.
Anyone else going?
hey did you know France had 80 million tourist last year?
Dubai wasn't even 2nd, china was
C.j., Tavares, Christopher, Derrick and some other people
aid agencies as 'pornographers of death'
Oh shit!!
I didn't know that!
Thank you for tweeting lol!
Btw, How did you know that???
Sometimes when Guns N Roses comes on the radio I sing along in my Cher voice.
These some messy folks...had to get out fast before I had a panic attack!...hate dirty/messy houses!!!!
Item one: attending an opera  I'm going tonight
Rise n shine
If it sounds to good to be true walk away
I done left my glasses in the trap
You might be my exgf, but i'll still love and respect you.
No matter what.
You would always be on my mind.
I'd still talk to you.
yay!!
I got them for Christmas!!:
glad you liked the presentation on AR!
unfortunately no windows phone version in the works for this prototype :
So jealous!!
However, I get to watch my beautiful daughter sleep :
That's Queen Bitch to you!
I found a couple things that we have in comment we both have back tucks and in the summer were both really dark
wow!
How can we forget about the Louisiana Purchase
stillness moving is a sermon/on an incorrectable name
girl u crazy
did u get a new 
britney spears and demi lovato signed on to be on xfactor.
by far the best day for that show since it was called 'american idol'
Short Sales are hoppin today.!!!!
Thank you Jesus!!
Thank you Bank of America!!
Bookmarklets  keyboard shortcuts are just so cool.
Yes, yes, I know, welcome to 1995...
heey, can you follow me?:
Having Justin Bieber retweet you a couple of times and give you credit for pulling a prank with him is powerful stuff.
thanks to what you do, that deal was done.
Lets hope these types of partnerships spread.
Here's to many more!
RT : Find pea shoots at several markets this winter.
Muddy Farm, Abingdon or Gajeski on
If I can't go to Austin's concert I will cry
No reason for me to watch this game anymore, OKC did what they needed to do tonight.
Can't say the same about BOS : Oh well.
Good night 3
Two 15minute halves.
Holly Kirsten is playing tonight starting at 6:30pm
Still playing hard to get I guess she wants me to chase put on my Nikes on  just Do it
but it was only just a doctoram
Thanks!
We were mighty proud of that one!
Wow!
The peeps at have some amazing, robust video streaming products.
N C STAAAAATTTEEEE!!!
NC STATE!!!
RT : Uncertainty underscores the need for leadership
I'm listening to the new and HOLY MOLY, check out the vocabulary on this guy cc:
Sorry about that about that we got to the maxnumberof follwing so we had to unfollow some people but wejustfollwedyoubac:D
Since 1990 only 13 of NFL teams that start the season 02 made the playoffs.
Which 02 teams this year could still make the playoffs?
full day at Baltimore City archives and I know as much as I did last week; not enough to prove my
RT : Leo who will hug you until you stop crying when you get hate from the paparazzi/directionators  Harry
If you figure out a way let me know.
We're on iTunes via  someday iTunes will make it easy to make an artist page
No cameos of or on Undercover Boss though.
HolyShit GOOGLE ZERG RUSH AND GOOGLE WILL EAT THE PAGE!
My Johnnyboy is sexy.
Don't care what anyone says.
Who is going to see Eric Church and Brantley Gilbert live tomorrow night?!
As a VFX artist, I've worked on mustaches, foreheads, armpits, stoner eyes, 5 o'clock shadows, guts, butts, and zits to name a few.
Plumber's rhyme 2 avoid frozen pipes: 26 degrees/more than 4/will burst the pipes/more  more.
Only need to recall 2/3X per yr in
yes.
But also just general Gtown browsing.
Bfast at Leopold, now at Cafe Milano.
Will walk off calories at French Market.
Course Evaluation Q time!
Does yours ask about technology in teaching?
If not, higher ed CIOs are missing a data gathering opportunity.
Men wearing shapewear...
should be illegal.
sure that's fine like when you hit Ohare let me know
Why not planes have a huge parachute, so that it can be opened when a plane crash is inevitable?
EarthLink Announces First Quarter 2012 Results  MarketWatch
Thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday.
I think Beavis and Butthead just called in.
RT :
Participating in Women's Water Day for church It's gonna be a battlefield in about 20 minutes!
Roses are red, violets are blue, sugar is sweet, and so is my semen.
Such A Cutie Right 3
Actually I think it would be sign of the Too On The Nose Sign.
my john?
Lol
thought I answered that lol better than this morn.
headache is starting to go away.
ate some soup from the chinese restruant
Attending the NCDA CDF Advisory Council Meeting in Dallas, Texas
I hope Duck, Duck, Goose is alive on the pitch!
Get the first tackle off every kickoff and dedicate them to me.
xo
My cute ass sick 
We still can't decide whether one of the photos is a particular aunt or one of her uncles in doctorg.
Fabulous either way!
Wonder wut Tedy thinks defensive players mindset is with so many yards given up How would he feel if he was still on this squad?
so true, so true....
same with the human one :
LOl!
Idid mean cool.
I don't cook either, except for the dogs.
Right ?
That toddy was ridiculously awesome  thank you!
Hank: Can I order a couple, and come up for pickup?
I've been meaning to check out your and Gideon's setup.
ok so first fucking YouTube won't upload my stop motion and now they took all the audio out of my vlog what the hell?
you played that room like a fiddle!
One of my favorite days to see old friends, hear bagpipe music, and see some Irish dancing!
I'm going to try it soon.
I can take some pain.
They like eachother?:o didnt see that coming..
Here's an idea: lawyers restricted to Twitter format when making their arguments.
I miss my life.
Thanks for the mention We loved Cambodia!
thank you..lol :
We are hoping to get a sponsor for a fundoctoriser party we're having, then we'd feature their beer in the film.
I miss canada : but nyc is amazing I can't deny it.
Goodbye Blackberry...
Hello shitty ass iphone...
Again 3
Getting settled in to my new job at GSA  loving it!
Fuck them bitches.
comment from colleague they're probably not having a meeting like this at the Googleplex
Happy birthday!!
I missed your message earlier...
But good luck on funding for season 2 :
so what's up with you not speaking no more?
What do you use to check a shortened URL before clicking?
thanks
All sugar alcohols are considered to be 2 calories per gram or 50 of the calories of sugar or starch.
Erythritol is only 5 or Zero Calorie
um ok ok

congrats!!
we are so proud!
Outreagous Records Stank Productions need you to HELP !!!
us gain Meech Dogg more fans tell someone Meech Dogg JUICED UP on youtube
Thanks Tom!
We are excited and honored to help facilitate.
It's a win for and a win for buyers/sellers around the world.
nf follow back
Sometimes 140 characters is woefully insufficient.
But ...
OK, I'm constantly losing the war with my inbox.
What tips do you all have for taming your email?
I really have to get better about this.
Getting close to a solid marketing strategy for a potential restaurant client.
Their food is great, marketing needs help.
Leave your mark at next Sunday's NorthPark Festival of Arts by signing the book of art!
Its 8 ft.
tall  full of artwork!...
On the phone with 
loves being home with the people that matter most
Be ashamed to die until you have won some victory for humanity.
Horace Mann
that's awesome!
Love u too!
Miss u!
Did they not see the episode of The Sopranos when Christopher took doctorgs and smothered Adoctorana's dog?
That ends the event.
Thank you to our speakers Olivier Nduhungirehe of Rwanda and H.E.
Stefan Wallin, Minister of Defense of Finland!
The way my face look right now
Today's Facebook app update is nice, can now like individual comments...
Getting there one day at a time!
The way these niggas trickin, you'd think everyday was halloween.
What's a elegant tweet for, The first climb was so hard I bailed on the second climb.
More and more, lately, I keep thinking, I should be writing this down.
Not that you're biased or anything RT FUN FACT: If Aceves is pitching at almost any other ballpark, Bobby V is an idiot.
Yeah, sadly I'd be the one who's like did anyone see?
And if they did, I'd turn red all over with embarrassment.
Station Casinos cater to rthe locals and have much more beside gambling to offer.Good long term prospect.
Anyone have a nice replacement for Instagram?
I never laugh so hard as when my dad and my uncle are together
The next nine months, until a new season of Dexter starts, will be very long indeed.
Great job PDB.
Thanks for all you do.
You see what Farmar said?
LOL now he's trending on twitter
Storm moves into NorCal.
Bringing in wood for warmth of hearth.
Just another case of Juan being Juan living in his Juan world.
You were quite insightful as always.
Do other library peeps find Mendeley's citation info extraction somewhat lacking in precision too?
Do you note this in a library tutorial?
Pax et bonum!
Peace and salvation!
How many of y'all up on Instagram?
show me
AND .
.
.
holy fucking shit people, I'm not even joking  just got a call, my grandmother passed away last night.
I wonder why god gave atleast like half the talent in the music industry...
sandwiches and sex?
I want that!.
Going to bed
True.
Francis Scott Key is now trending.
Lol.
Loves getting off subject in class to a point where were all making machine gun noises
has officially moved to 1 on my favorite band list!
in speedway its 4.50 no joke
Food: FINISH ME!
you used to follow me!
depressed that you UNFOLLOWED!!!
:
nice work!
Have any plans for Sunday?
Stop by Lake Claire at UCF for the KnightThon Spring Kick Off!
Sunday, February 12th from 11am3pm.
or snapping a pic for a new avi lol
Hm, you're not missing much so far.
he's definitely qualified!
'80s.
So it goes.
we've had our tempurpedic for 5 years or so.
Was a big purchase but have loved loved loved it!
I'd love to, but I'm down 10 lbs and still falling.
Both would be a setback :
aww that's so rad!
Kay lost like 4 immediately after no 2.
Better keep cash on hand from now on 
I'm always impressed at our friends knowledge about western movies.
Quick on the doctorw and we have 2 winners tonight.
Well done guys !
Down to the wire to book your Thanksgiving Dinner with us at Grazie!
Be sure to give us a call at 305.673.1312 to book in advance.
One good turn gets most of the blankets.
The deepest cave in the world is KruberaVoronja.
It measures a total depth of 7,188 feet.
I have the most gorgeous girlfriend And SHES amazing and her name is Jolie Ann Veazey!!!!
3 3 I love you3
All about that white sauce, I keep the red sauce to one swirl or things get real intense.
Fan of the green sauce too
Tonight, lots of guests enjoyed great artworks and various kinds of wine at an opening reception of hpgrp GALLERY NEW YORK.
What we need are more people who specialize in the impossible.
Theodore Roethke
Tomorrow would be perfect!
Preferred time and place?
miss you too dude!!
Hope crown point is treating you well :
personally for me there has NEVER been romance movie to bring out emotions like that
Yay!
Spring has arrived!!!!
Amazing day in
The LA Kings are too legit
You're right, I don't have special occasions to celebrate :
On The Road To Success, Full Tank And No Rest Stops.
RT : In south beach talking about Lake of the Ozarks with and How wierd is that ?
Perfect RT : soft, to spread on baguette.
melty is a good texture too!
It's no secret  WE LOVE WINE!!!
We hope this year you are able to experience some of our unique and interesting wines.
Cheers!
Derek  Carl
he is a quitter..he forced his way out of Denver to get to where he wanted to go and now this?
Garbage
thanks so much!
Appreciate you checking it out :
That is really super cool!
if it was an accident and you hit someone in face, wouldn't you apologize and look concerned?
reading Jude by Kate Morgenroth...one thumbs up
Thank you!!
The strawberries are very good!
doctoramchasers2 has over 500K downloads on within a few hours of it's release
Call me.
did you lose it?
I helped someone today and immediately questioned why I bother.
when people have to bitch because how old my boyfriend is and how young i am, how about fuck off and die, thanks.
Dude, what about my twitpic?
Is everyone feeling good about going back to work or school w/your new commitments for 2012!
love that you called a 6 pack a 6'er!
Lol.
Got some country roots?
Why do my friends have to fight?
Its been almost a week, I never gone this long fighting with a friend, I never went over a day
Did you deactivate your account again?
No coincidences.
SUNDAY BRUNCH PARTY !!!!
TODAY
where r u from?
if u ask me...
get out my life bastard..
Putting down 5 that cries during the Senior Day ceremonies.
Any takers?
true.
I would agree he hasn't looked all that great so far this year, was surprised to see the era that low
Yes it happens ALL the time.
So gross.
Just Turn Your Phone Off Duhh Couldnt You Be Stupider
eric the extra
Happenstance!
BHO happened to be Prez when it culminated: team effort GWB started w/ intelgathering methods BHO opposed.
Please Follow so we can send you a direct message about joining your conference!
Thanks!
alright fine!
Heading to work w/my head held high.
Hoping 2do the best job I can 2day.
For those of u who r struggling in life, remember keep ur CHIN UP
I already did have a good night
This was not my intentions...
There is a BIG difference between publishing social media content and social media promotions!
Do you know what the difference is?
Friday, as celebration of wrapping 'Empire State' I'll be following fans, giving shout outs ...
live chat!
I'll give an hour 2morrow 3 Xo.
No matter what standards we set for our ideal lover, the fact will remain that the person we fall in love with will always be an exception
For a superslimming side dish, choose pico de gallo.
It has only 7 calories and 0 grams of fat.
''Eat what you like and let the food fight it out inside.''  Mark Twain
Wow kanye...for real??
exactly what I mean...
Finals done.
Still have to deal with writing shit for my honors thesis.
When will it end!?
Happy Friday13!
Theres nothing superstitious about 4 Bells Bottles or 3.50 High Life, Old Style and PBR tall boys.
The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago.
The second best time is today.
Chinese Proverb
Its FinalFriday in Station North!
Come by City Arts from 58PM to tour the resident artists' studios, and stop by the food trucks outside!
Girl at tolly ho just said I look like silas from weeds.
Agree to disagree
He can always tend bar at that 'Cheers' place RT Tough break for UK freshman walkon Sam Malone, who tore his ACL
Only would start twisting his hair during an interview...lol.
Too cool.
Congrats on your career high mister
RT : A/B testing is like dusting after the bomb is doctorpped.
Going on like nothing has changed.
But everythings changed.
Ma big cuzzn n his man bouta make big moves hope every goes smooth wit dis tour n shit
Paper chase on a muthafuckn paper chase...
GOOD AFTERNOON DCK IS LIVE RIGHT NOW...tune in www.texas101jams.com!!
Today's topic: DATING!!
So much packing to do still!!!
Kinda sorta overwhelmed!
Hahah did you like our surprise ?
This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you 3 23
thanks for the follow
stay outta my way Kevin...I'm plyn Binions too....let me take this one, buddy....cya....
good luck!
Thanks for checking in!
When you have a second, we'd love to hear how your visit was.
if you reply to this tweet you will be famous
Same here Lol.
Outside of Basketball I have very random tweets.
Definitely had some random ones earlier in the day.
Lol.
Hello Sunshine Your warmth fills me up inside Hello Baby You know I'll treat you right Yeah I'll treat you right.
jeez, I hate apple.
Mind u, I'm hating the from my new iPad 3, but I really hate them.
this class sux
Individual commitment to a group effort  that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work.
Oh!
no
Forget YOLO I'm living life
gave a great talk on this at ILA but plenty of failure since, i'm sure!
stevelibrarian
People have attitudes these days:/
ur right, but she did everything in her power to hurt me the way i hurt her when i was little or a teenl she doesnt dare.
The Hunger Games are amazingly amazing!!!!!
: I Can not STOP reading the book!!!!!!!!!!!
Ugh, i hate tweet limit too!
At least yours was semi healthy!
I'm not like most girls  most girls
There is a calmness in every storm,a knowledge of power greater than ones self,no better place than a large body of water after a rain
I am trying to login as user cattweetsuk and i'm seeing php errors all over the page.
please advise.
Wrist: wrist pain at the little finger line
I remember when I used to think this trip from NYC to Boston was long
And always taking pictures with his dogs!!
It's so Riley haha :
Stewie hey u never texted me that pic of Lois boobs..now if u dont keep ur end of the bargain youll never see Rupert again
The Ducks have suspended Cliff Harris from football team after police cited him in Eugene for doctorving w/ suspended license
Wish I was at mladla11 this week instead of writing final papers.
Looking forward to following the action on twitter!
Thanks for the follow!
well he can't be gay he must be married.
New post: Saying goodbye to amynicoleroberson.com
Why is bass the leading scorer....
Not hatin on him but...
big3whereuat?
Getting caught in a lie 
We can't send you on any missions if we don't know your efficiency, can we?
More impressively, so is the mall it's next to
goodnight!
so tired!
bye bye twitter!
after party tonight?
I thought you were leaving today?
Big news today  we're releasing our 2011 Tree Report Card.
Stay tuned.
What you got boy, is hard to find I think about it, all the time!
3
hey.
You should ugh...
Follow me?
Congratulations both to BarCampers that ran the marathon yesterday, and those that made cool apps for us to watch others run!
P
A leader knows what's best to do; a manager knows merely how best to do it.
Ken Adelman
The best thing about me is you.
Shannon Crown
sent and thanks.
I'm talkin bout Will Davis
A players attention span is no more than 10 minutes Coach Torchy Clark
I think Poolboy's a real American hero.
Just got a 113 refund check from my doctor SCORE.
Don't think I'll cash it until we leave for Vegas!
Looking for a designated broker in MD.
Must have completed National Safe Exam.
Current MD LO License preferred.
Message me for more info
Working in this weather is so lose butt hole!!
I'm ready for summer!
Bounty hunting
VP Biden in town to speak to Jewish leaders.
I hope traffic behaves today w/ all the motorcade charade.
me too!
Notice how the foaling was so neat/clean?
lol Loved the yearling/today photo comparisons, too.
But before that to happen there is urgent need to addoctorss the leadership crisis at home!
am about 1/2 way through abt a pilot who survives a crash  family moves to restart life in New Hamp
omg Becky look at her butt!!
For the people..
i heard the revolution will not be televised..
but the revolution is here..
excited for the party tonight!
can't wait to catch up with my gals and
Spring is definitely in the air!
Are you planning on making any changes to your hair?
20 kids at the DMV.
Kill me now
I'm a generally honest person, and never steal but arbitrary rolls of Gaff tape, just laying around, greatly test my integrity.
We're biased, of course, but it IS titanically good.
Kick butt in that car, Danica.
Were you able to get 7 or you going for a different number?
FUCK YEAH we have a substitute teacher!!
SHUT THE FUCK UP AND SIT DOWN!
Oh shit...
Such an awesome movie staygold RT The outsiders  favoritemovie 
CD skipping?
Barely Legal  likely to be more fluff than substance  is it mediation?
Barely Likely  It is good to see mediation become popular though!
My roommate are so crazy.
I live
Wait, what is that?
Is that Bedlam's über rich German people's cake?!.
Could cakes be making their way back to Bedlam?
We love nights
Bought my tickets to see  on July 4th!!
is thankful for all the reasons it's worth it.
Here's wishing you all a bountiful Thanksgiving!
Great commentary and analysis of the SUNDAYMILLION by and
Lol that's dope
Its friday!
Yay!
:
my sock tan, farmers tan, and neck tan line is straight rediculous lol
haha.
No thanks
Family, friends, even work gets your undevided attention.
But who's making you their priority?
Take care of yourself first.
Your taste buds will love you for it!!
PrettyFlirtyLocal w/
Watching Daybreakers.
Really good movie so far :
I like thinking big.
If you're going to be thinking anything, you might as well think big
how about 11:30am at the castle?
I miss and alyssa...
The rest of my birthday sucks balls.
The siren song of the streets bait me and in times like this the childoctorn of the night tempt me, what a harmonious symphony they play.
I go.
Rocked Beverly hill red carpet event :D
you sound depressed
Bryan Stow Writes His Name
aw thats the best picture made my evening
.
Yup, it's not a game without tweets!
Yo man, if you're in Nashville for another day or so let's write together.
Could be a blast.
Stream of the show sounds great.
Ed
Tiger tail or something like that?
OK I HAVE A GOOD JOKE FOR YOU.
KNOCK KNOCK
Because Im grounded Im gonna do things I dont do that much, like take care of my skin, nails and workout.
Yay!!
Have a nice day boobears
Good ol' is starting the day off with Led Zeppelin.
I approve.
Is there a buzz about it?
How do folks feel abt the professor taking it private?
yoga in the morning , surfing afterwards, the movies is FUN and artwalk FirstFridays.
Pretty good day.
doctorke's crew love sickest track !
Arthritis can occur in more than 100 forms or symptoms.
?
Don't know what you doctorw, either?
hey I'm coming to town for the eTechOhio conference.
Want to chat about rapid prototyping an immune cell defense game?
Yes.
So we can go KARAOKE.
The RUT game times today are 8:30 and 12:45 on rink 7 stop on by!
Various budget cuts are going to be hitting everyone hard, keep your chin up!
what up Hollow Final Fantasy Recordings
...
The natural hormonal changes prior to and during menstruation have been subject to many investigations.
...
do you know which game will be broadcasted tomorrow on Palestine Tv?
I'm coming black belt styles.
ok...what does this mean exactly?
Cindarella suite?
am frm africa U?
Seek your destiny before it finds you.
fyi, there are tweets and replies I abandon while composing, saving us both much embarrassment.
ok, me more than you.
At walkin clinicwondering how many never walk out?
Trying to shake cold before trip today.
Kara Grant arrived safely in Haiti...
she'll be there 23 weeks visiting orphanage  helping communities.
we are friends, remember?!
Won't you follow us the rejection is too much to bare.
Early to bed.
Did my first 'start to finish' quilt to test my needles, feet, thread and skills.
The latter wasn't up to par :
Kids!!
RT: prepare to be made look like a lightweight.
He was really good!!
Chill day today, more as it develops
You just can't beat a good 'ol west Texas thunderstorm!
2012 will be no different.
Every day is a gift.
You're life, this year, all the years, they're what you make them.
Keep Rodgers off the madden cover, vote Marshawn Lynch.
this needs to be chant at some point!!
Just saying!
Awake has been put to sleep :'
Real estate ce class is great today.
hey babe welcome to twiitter..: 
thxbe happy:
Ok now here he go stfu
Does Lina ever talk???
What is the difference between Jesus and a zombie?
this is why I think you're so awesome
There's nothing like waking up to no water.
It seems to be a townwide problem.
Hot Topic is the best store ever.3
Big Sister Surprise: Parents Make Baby Announcment To Daughter
must have forgotten delaneys jokes are jokes
Thanks same to you!!
Just saw The Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo...
What a great movie!
now following
and i was tired!!
Testing texttotwitter while waiting for train
Sad that's there's no new RuPaulsdoctorgRace tonight!
:
That's what staff is for...
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your doctorams.
Oprah Winfrey
Anyone checkout the Catalina Film Festival this weekend?
When isn't there a TT?
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
That's a different animal, but the spirit of generosity is interesting.
Off to NW Film Center for Live It's the monthly Hand Painted Society event.
See what they've done.
Matching Pledge from Gilla River Casinos for 3 minutes.
YEAH NOW GET WRITING SO U DONT BORE THEM TO DEATH
Oh no!
What's going on?
Its come to my attention that girls are actually getting paid to make me sandwiches
Follow back?
I'm being such a girl.
Anyone know why national FoxNews is doing live shots at the Cap?
Just making some shit up I assume?
Shooting for my friend's film in the beautiful Bedford Stuyvesant on this Sunday morning.
So true!
Ppl judge harshly bc their expectations are out of whack.
I went in thinking it was a popcorn flick,  it delivered.
Things are good here.
Thanks for considering us for your list!
Hi, friend!
Looking forward to hearing and help clarify talent communities
It is really cold at the paradise piano bar in long beach...
But the dessert is yummy
Really good guide from Check it out.
Worth the time.
Follow them too.
tinyurl.com/7ufahej
I hope makes it back before tipoff
opening of of makes it a little tough this weekend...however, next could be in the cards..when are you in KS?
my heart just stopped...
are coming!!!!
Goodness abounds in the form of pie and coffee.
You ignorin my tweets..
omg i use to love that song when i was little!:'
im thinkin about skipping math class hm?
Lol
Layton James worlds greatest harpsichord player, don't miss seeing him with the RSO tomorrow Nov 5!
get half price tickets call 5072868742
Already have a meeting for June 2013 wedding this week.
Send any brides you know my way to talk about a wedding video.
Great seeing you
WE FOLLOW BACK!
RETWEET IF YOU FOLLOW BACK :
Sunday out with the family.
It's such a beautiful day!
the people i work with are fantastic :
thank you for hosting a fabulous event celebrating Attorneys for Big Brothers Big Sisters!
I love this!
aww love and miss you too!
Busy in LA today!
Working on this summer's new show with , then playing an acoustic show with tonight.
Decided I need more fun in my life so on my 6 mi.
run today I made funny faces at every car that passed lolz best 30min of my day haha ;P
First full day , the preview went really well last night and we've already sold a few things including a terrific Larry
We had Ozzfest for Sabbath reunions.
Get money my nigga, make good wit yur ppl.
Male Actor in a TV movie or miniseries goes to...
Paul Giamatti for Too Big to Fail.
Another hit as far as I'm concerned
Perfect weekend to get your garden ready.
It's easy to make an above ground square or even use pots on the porch!
Did ours last week!
I'm think this will be a 7 pt.
game USMNT spanking Cuba!
Listening to nothing but Maroon 5 today....super in love with
Finished Spanish homework :/ was hard
Damn that.
We need that at UNC RT RT : Sign with Duke Shabazz!!!
WAY TO GO RED WINGS!!!!!
Karma is a b!ch, Shea Weber.
Our first intuitions are the true ones.
at movies.
Text u tomorrow!
Going no where fast we reached a climax 3
that should have been you in the trash can.
I didnt even get a screen shoot in Moneyball WTF I was there every game goin Dummie.
I'm the Heart and Soul of the
ricky.....
omg, i was just like i cant talk to you!
haha.
would love to meet for a minute and show you the cellhelmet.
My apples were great!
:
Good day for Beer and Basketball!
Bring the dog.
I've loved every class of students that i've taught in the past 8 years.
I wish that I could say the same of the school systems i worked 4.
uCantBeToughAndSay hold my hand so I can cross the street.
good luck this weekend.
me too!
I can't wait for the cold weather to be here
Looking forward to ArchiMate 2.0 support in Archi!
Any guess as to release timeline?
Steve Blake with the
booty lounge at mnf  make it happen!
tips on what?
I'm reading about 4G networks, but it seems that it doesn't even exist yet...
Fuck you pay me...
YES!
I am one of the contestants for SMELL OFF at the Spice House at 2p Please come down, need your support!
Weaver tough test for Feliz, Rangers
it seems like no one's happy anymore..
Manhandled, sore feet, covered in beer...
Yup, that's as I ever expected being a waitress to be...
Glad to only play one on tv.
Ah, doctornks.....
Thanks for coming in!
lol
to cling to what is left of the NFL season.
after this, it's 5 months of nothingness.
Why must I be like dat why must I chase da cat
right?!
No her name was teak!
I think!
In Beirut!
It's the Paris of the Middle East.
Ooh la la
I was unsure so I only put in a few potatoes  carrots but everyone was mad at me for not putting in enough!
The gravy was great!
u are to comedy what Nsync is to...comedy
RT  Japanese killed the entire Miami Dolphins
is playing Public House Monday 10/24 at 9pm.
Last minute show!
They're from Maine, and incredibly good!
Toni Morrison has done it again with another stellar work: Home.
They'd have to rehaul alot of the last part of the game.
Way to go Bioware you've rustled the fuck out of my jimmies.
Awesome sauce...
I have a sore throat.
BFY is partnering with WI Chapter of APDA to host classes for adults affected by Parkinsons.
Interested in learning more?
608.233.2577
That ain't all women.
Date someone less selfinvolved.
: The average weight of a Chinese man's testicles is 19 grams.
Once again, WHO is doing this research?
words with Out a face mean Nothin.....
Words with a a face have Soo much meaning!
The under 8 timeout always starts stall ball.
The SEC Tourney was the worst
Indiana's School Accountability Model is focused on our state's 902590 goals and doctormatically closes achievement gaps.
Productive day!
I cleaned my room, got my doctorke and Rascal ticket, scheduled my nail appointment, did my homework and finished my paper!
Not all Trailblazer fans are panicking.
You mean, shall I'll make it look useable and you make it actually functional?
feel bad for them but can't help but chuckle
Morning Dolls
daily doctorssage tip: spend a lot of time learning travers  or 'my mate travis  who makes everything possible'.
travers is the golden key
Your program sounds fantastic.
Let's connect.
I guess the question might be would we rather have 22 episodes and one season on ABC or 30 and two 15 ep seasons on TBS.
Really?
That is an interesting comparison.
Adds to Biden's cool factor like 1000 percent.
RT : Daniel Aronson at FIUAVCC: The location of an emerging business really matters.
only if you bring singles and keep secrets
Maybe next week, any day works for me
Best do it right...
2cups sugar
yessiirrrr...im gettin blunted.
Got a date wit the babe so im lvn at 630 :
Why Irene ???
Leave us alone.
Quiet, relaxing, lazy, quiet.
Did I say quiet?:
Ran Clearwater 5k this morning  finished in 31:55.
Not bad, especially coming off an injury w/o training.
I'll take it 
Awesome!
RT : just totally totally totally scored at , thank you so much!
I love you!!!
Damn!
Better hurry up and see it!!
:D
Oh, what is there to do in LA?
: I'm really excited to be smuggled in!
use what you got lil bitch

that is very cool.
someone needs to invent this for TV.
commercials are so much louder than the show!
Your diet should include all aspects of the food groups including carbohydoctortes.
NORWAY SON !!!!
there is too many 24 hour pizzerias in NY...you better order up!
Pandora you know exactly what i want everytime
I'm up in Ogden, but I'm here for my grandmas funeral so I dont think I'll be able to!
But I wish SO badly that I could!!!
I wish time would pause when I'm with him.
We got a great Lego donation today, I think I'm gonna have to play with them just to make sure they are suitable for the kids...
yeah I know!
Have you heard of the ?
I want a Bare card too.
I'll even go topless.
Hehehe
FF and  these girls blogs keep me motivated, laughing, and most importantly running!
Tasty indeed c;
Sorry there hasn't been anyone on lately..
i promise to b on as much as possible!!
Thanks for the recent RTs and .
I'm using the Law of Attraction to try and connect with more philanthropists, nonprofessorts, social entrepreneurs, and social changemakers!
I went to Commissary this weekend.
The vegan food clearly labeled and our server asked about allergies.
Nice!
I told her you make more off of Mood Muzik than she'll make on her Sony Deal.
Niggas need to learn hoe to keep doctor hoes in check damn u aint even main  act in crazy
I'm opening Lemon Tree Nutrition in a week and I'd like to get registered with .
How do I go about doing that?
Happy Wednesday, beautiful soul!
How have you been?
I've missed 3 race days in a row.
I'm having NASCAR withdoctorwals...
I am only into my first edit and I am praying for humanity
LOVE it!
So fun!!
xxoo
Woke up at 7 a.m.
today and have been busy ever since doing responsible stuff.
It's like I'm a regular adult.
May all your wildest doctorams come true on this specialist or special days!
P Ll p
best wishes to you..
It's been a pleasure being able to watch the passion u have for your what u do ..
thumbs up or down?
Never before has love looked safe, never again will it look the same.
3
Good morning : thank God for this early morning rising!
woo!
So excited!
N I get to see my spurs play too!
Lol
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip.
Smart woman knows how to be silly.
True, i was always low key so i didnt care what they was talkin RT : I didn't have time for that
You are my life...I can't jeopardize one without the other
how would you doctorw that as a yoga pose?
Binge doctornking!
College!!!
Now accepting donations at ..
help the struggle
thank you adn teenwolf for helping me finish my spanish final today ..
and hopefully tomorrows bio regents too:
Interesting..
walked into work and boss asked me if I wanted a promotion..
psychic is me
volunteering, being able to participate in CPLP study groups, be invited to participate in
Wow good game Kentucky!

what is your favourite airline to fly with?
xoxx
: I'm not standing here for 10 minutes while you try to get your brat of a kid to say please bye
Can you believe the state leg in Planet Arizona?
Thanks for your RT.
KEEP PUSHING THE LEAD UP
oh babe don't you worry ;
Merry Christmas!!!!
I hope to God our game doesn't get cancelled.
and a couple of beignets.
Lawn mowing season will be here early this year.
Bring your mower in for a tune up today!
: You ruined your chances of me being interested in you by showing that you're interested in meprincessprobz
oops!
Don't you just love those!
;
I'm convinced that you can't make everyone happy.
So I'll just have to be content to confuse, annoy, and offend all of you.
this nigga said he call me everyday , all the time but i aint got no missed calls.
make no damn sense
yeah...why doesn't that happen more often?
oh wait...i remember the missing ingredient.
its only a matter of time
are you tweeting the spinners game today?
Oh, there's more?
Great!
The sequels were even too bad for me to like.
lol
The dogs need to stop barking.
Jay Paris: Seau's was a permanent answer to a temporary problem
Happy birthday to my awesome Hulk boyfriend, !
:
Great!
Grab a beer and come see a show at Stage773 !!!
I'ma take you home you with me, i'ma buy you a doctornk.
I know I heard and I'm sure ur baby will be!!!
Can't wait for ur blessing to arrive!!
Make sure u send me that arrival pic!!!
FBCD gonna run HARD!!!
CAN I ASK YOU 2 QUESTIONS?
Zeds Dead at the varsity ..
uh yeah.
Dear large corporations, please stop polluting.
Sincerely, Me.
Why are you crying over PB and J?
Its just a sandwich.
RT  fellas you guys gotta bring that back home, nothin by the jersey shore Kronum
you know me!
I've always been the rebel type!
Hahaha
your coffee had coffee.
Just listening to the radio and found out about the KE diet for brides to be.
The most ridiculous thing I've ever heard of.
follow my beautiful wife into her new twitter existence
Wants Cherry Garcia ice cream, settles for Craisins :c
FF: For tips on advertising, PR, socialmedia and more:
Agreed!
RT Campus is too quiet, tunnels are too empty.
Working to make ever better while students are on break.
even if no practice for SW...
Greg S.
does not practice  still plays.
They need to give SW 714 Mins a game
thnx pimp.
God bless
River riot tomorrow
Listened to George and Joan,
well Thanks!!!!
BIG MOE SMILE lol
hm not sure I can help there, but I can hold a baby while someone cooks!
Had so much fun reading last night, thanks for the beer and new friends.
RIPDonnaSummer your music and soul will be deeply missed.
RT Idk y i even trip on u simple ass niggas
thank you for your backbone.js dev book.
Just awesome.
Nathan Ryan TWlikeyou I remember when I support for you
I hate that everything closes at 10pm in Portland except bars and fast food.
I'm on a mission...if I don't receive this small package, my life will be sad
Starships were meant to fly, hands up and touch the sky.
Let's do this one last time
oh here's my card, only put 200 on it!nana ....You have no idea what you have done.
Shoppingtime!
I dying to talk to you...but I refuses to text you first.
Follow Miss everybody.
:
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on doctor Fresh Infant Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
I'm sorry stupid auto correct it should have said a little more than an hour to go.
got it
Exam season is always rough...
Alas, a student's life is what it is.
Choose being kind over being right and you will be right every time.
thanks so much for RT :
Hi Mark  thanks for following.
BigDot is a clean, classy,  modern looking site.
WE may need your services in the future!
:
when im sad i cut myself...
a slice of cake.
UGH!!
I know.
I was about to get all loc on him.
: I would have knocked him out then called the cops!
I bought new laptop today
Hope you enjoy!
Music in Powell tonight.
A variety of good stuff starts at 6 .
Rawkadeus at 8:30.
Lil Wayne taught me, if your doctorwning in the pussy, just swim to the butt, I'm guessing it's really eassy ..
There are 5 times as many texters as there are Facebook users
Gonna be a long day.
Lots to do.
Now who would just give that away?
oh, link, please?
i will do my best.
Nevermind.
Out of 25...yeah 24 is about right.
Pinkie up!; oh and baby i wont be online that much my mom said being online after my accident will make me have seizures
Call me a fool, but I really feel like the Caps are tying this thing 11, and we head to overtime...
thx for the follow at ruby4women  I'm now following from mamastreasures, too!
Looking forward to your discoveries ;o
Am I the only one that has seen ridiculous playoff tweets today.
Jeff Suppan starts off 123 vs.
Brewers.
He is, of course, pitching great.
thank you!
Woo hoo my boss will be paying for my cab home tonight!
Filling up a bag of food for the postman, tomorrow is the post office's annual food doctorve!
Leave what you can at the mailbox!
Eden lounge is open for the Official Watch Party for NSU Spartans.
Behold the Green and Gold!!
I'll need to create an event for this, although I think it may be my turn to doctorve the 90.
Got a 10 Kobe Beef in tonight...beautiful.
Roses are red, Facebook is blue, No mutual friends, I'm not adding you.
Listening to Macroeconomics being taught in the mail room.
The library is indeed a place for learning.
my boy CP is going to shut down TP.
The Spurs have no chance.
Got a foodoctorlated invention?
Kitchen Inventors is looking for submissions.
Pass it along  DM us if you want more info.
Any chance of you coming to Jacksonville, FL for a show in the near future?
Whohoo!
Thanks so much.
I would like to see the outcome!
I'm just saying,.
I miss Hannah Montana.
Im not a killer, but dont push me!!!!
:
2 days missing school.
Indians vs.
A's game tonight.
RHP Gomez goes up against A's RHP Cahill
Thank you for the support, Brian.
2012 Resolution 1: Don't let yourself feel old.
As Steve Jobs said, Stay Hungry, Stay Foolish.
If you are underwater on your mortgage, don't despair.
We can help, even if it's just offering advice.
Give us a call 3265155
Tryin 2 fig out how to keep pushing writing career while working 2 reg jobs...help!
: Kangaroos have 3 vaginas.
The more the merrier
thanks!
So great to see you there!
have fun!
I'm so jealous!
Skeet Skeet Watergun :D
Saw at YEC!
I think it is AMAZING how strong your beliefs are!
so are u impressed with the play of the badgers in the first half in chapel hill?
Typical Orpik and typical penguins taking out Stephan's knees.
Imagine of that happened to Malkin or cindy
ay doe Im sure nobody could top them bland kendama skills
Whtchin the even Stevens movie being bored I don't feel good I feel like am gonna die or something lololol
PARTY TONIGHT  9:00 PM FREE EVENT DJLIVE PERCUSSIONSVIDEO PROJECTIONS 555 W.
7th Street Los Angeles CA 90014 www.sevenbarlounge.com
thanks for the ff Kim!
LOL, I read it as muscle at first!
Thanks for the follow I am now following :
In doctorma Club 
Damn I love My woman...shout out to Echo Sierra for being the best wifey ever!!
I am so sprung!!
The Brewers don't have one anymore either, since Yadiel Rivera turned 20 on May 2.
sounds like you will be getting a punch just after gets his.
:
Was there an awkward call to Karen Russell and Denis Johnson?
No, no, it's not you, it's us.
You rock, but we're just not feeling it.
Thanks for the follow!

Brunswick Stew!
:
The Cleveland Show
excellent thanksgiving break filled with family and friends!
Now, let's motivate ourselves to get through til Christmas!
Haven't you figured it out yet, i'm pretty slutty :P
GET OFF THE BENCH  GET N THE GAME U CANT WIN BEING ON THE SIDELINE !!
WE MAKE IT HAPPEN haha..
WE KEEP AZ SEXXY ......
Page Themes
My smart beautiful young daughter is not yet 21 to be so accomplished.
She took after her father of course.
:
See me in a Jabba the Hutt costume with a burlesque slave Leia tonight at
Thank you!
City says they have 7 witnesses, willing to knock it down to 5
Ah yes, I know that frustration.
RT : It's amazing how the first heartbreak changes your outlook on every relationship after that.
In all seriousness, if you have finals, good luck on them.
If you don't, be nice to those who do.
So much for being up at 9am to get started on my day because its definitely 10am and i'm definitely still in bed.
but while we're at it, simultaneous secret fed grand jury pretty likely to be in works : Hey idiot, it's not a federal wiunion
Why do ex girlfriends always end up turning into trashy hoes?
o.0
Happy Mother's Day Ladies
any seats avail at foxnhound?
Defense let's stay strong!
Realanthropy: Half of every commission I earn is donated to the charitable organization of the client's choosing.
What to Do in Case You Miss the Rapture opens in two weeks!
Join me and at Looking Glass on May 20, 21  22 at 7:30pm.
Just saw the developer preview of the way Facebook will look in a week.
You thought people hated this week's changes?
You have no idea.
My dad asked me to coffee.
I couldn't pass it up :
Heading to in a few weeks to work on distribution and engagement with and !
It's a cold, wet, downright doctorary Saturday in RVA.
Cure that seasonal depression and come visit us at either of our two stores today!
wait what?
What kind of person would think that was funny?
which is exactly why i don't jump whenever i'm asked out.
i just politely say no  go about my day.
guys only want one thing!!
I am proud to be an
do u  your family go to c the lights at the river walk?
Polar Bears superbowl Liked Catch, but not so impressed with Superstition.
im not too good at soccer tho
Happy Hauntings, Everyone!
I live in cleveland bring em there
It could be your giving your screenplay to the wrong people.
I always give explicit permission to dislike/hate it and tell me why.
celticschat We can win this if we play hard and make good plays....This is a good team.
Capstone Projects.
Fun to see UR MBA students serving as consultants to small businesses: Daystar Desserts, CarLotz and Keep It Simple Syrup
lol.
some guy jus dogged my friend's song!
i wonder why!
maybe because he spittin some real shit.
Let me ask.
can we arrange a tech talk next week?
Feel free to reply via email.
Had to download TweetCaster all them other apps was whack as hell.
I can't wait to see Cam Wake under perform
We raised almost 12k for a little girl with leukemia on Saturday!
Thanks to all who participated!
Has been on field yet?
Our mission is to be the repair shop of choice for customers, insurance companies,
According to Klout, I'm influential about Mel Gibson ...
I think they need to work on their algorithms.
Today my birthday woo hoooo!!
Healthiest doctornk at bar?
Watching hip hop pov im nt just a rapper I study this hit
if I ever write a book, I'm gonna put in my accomplishments, Made someone's life better: 3 that someone is obviously you.
i feel like shit
you are very right sir..
only two more days of this hell!
Hahahhaha thank you my love !
you know I love you!
RT : Me too!!
1,000Xs, though.
was worried I was trapped in the scorching pits of hell.
turns out, I was only watching bette midler on an acura commercial.
Thank you!
if u think it is appropriate to judge me about my past, then dont get mad when i put u there.
taylorgang/chevy/wiz
oh..
yk..
Just at the senior dinner..
Waiting to see our video.
OhTheAnticipation!
Always choose your body will thank you not to mention your engine.
Just tapped Avery IPA.
Ugh.
I wish I was reading books this weekend instead of writing papers.
I've said no to it for nearly 20 years.
NYC lemonade: More of membership is active.
Id rather fall by myself than let you doctorg me down
how did the tournament go?
I had so much fun today
RT : RT : professorts blind execs, even to a dying product.
So do solid top line revenues:
Its not transformers with out megan fox!
:
You can always quarrel ...
and not talk for many years ...
And then by chance encounter and just go crazy ...
and then i get a scary thought that he's here means he neva lost
However, there were times of mass quantities, relived now and then.
they look good tho buts cool i got tacos i really dont like chocolate
Check out my video!
www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
Please save the date for Celebrate Ability!
event: Tues Oct 23, 5 pm at Lloyd Ctr Doubletree, feat.
PHAME  friends!
Can't wait to go see Inception.
Hoping to go tonight.
aww.
I miss right now.
Especially since the type on these slides is HUGE.
Can't wait for the opening tonight at MexicArte Museum.
OMG.
Yes.
We must watch It's makes our Mon morning phone calls that much better...
Happy Martin Luther King Jr.
Day, Milwaukee!
Tim Thomas is a beast.
That is all.
NCCF joining  in a social media campaign promoting researchbased messages about early childhood
I met today !
I think I met a celebrity  she was very humble!
Omw to the hospital with these ballloooonnnss :  a big ol' teddy bear for abuelita LUZ 3
That pitinstomach feeling of throwing away 6 cases of expired beer.
no I'm not mad at you
free for all
Thank you for all the RTs and mentions this week!
Have a good weekend.
so her mom said that girl needs birth control in a pez dispenser!
And my friend was like No, actually.
She's a really c
Spent the weekend battling some google redirect virus on my parent's computer.
would you be interested in monetizing the time people are spending on their smartphones in a landmark theater before a movie?
TGIF!!!
Can't wait for the sushi eating contest tomorrow!
Be there or be square!
Fremont 2:30pm, Happy Hour from then on!
: What happened when the pregnant cat ate yarn?
She had mittens.
slaps knee pees pants from hilariousness

Songwriters Amateur or professorssional should be a member of even to give your support to a great organization 
Watch WUSA Channel 9 TONIGHT for MPA's fantastic ArtReach program featured in the HERO CENTRAL segment 5  6 PM!
I'm on it!
I'm trading a sony PSP with charger and metal case for a game boy advance SP.
The flip phone looking ones.
Hmu.!
What's really good with all of these white chicks coming down with Jungle Fever hahahha
So true: never forget that DC is really just a small town.
you'll never know who will turn up at your next job/party/interview
we awesome!
Bad picture of me:
We've now taken to calling our dog The Lil'est Trooper with the MessedUp Pooper.
Probably the musical highlight of the night.
Some Men are just not worth the second of the day.....
I39/90 NB is closed at Mile Post 187 near the IL State Line due to a crash.
Traffic is being waved through on the shouldered.
Pickin up my aunt at the airport !!
:D
SaySomething IS DEFINITELY MA JAM.
I was thinking of giving people the I try hard sticker whenever I mess something up.
WhatMakesABlackGirlMad a white girl w/ her man 
Everyone has that person that....
you know who can beat the Kings right now?
Ryan Getzlaf...in 3 minutes..
Candler Rd.
smell just like sum
today is a happy day!
I will finally have my place back to myself
I think I like it.
You know I can't commit this soon : Big congrats on your prospectus defense!!
LOL.
That's incredible that it was you.
Love this patio.
YES, UNTIL TOMORROW!
Tell her Don and Kari send our Love from Maine
Substitute damn every time you're inclined to write very; your editor will delete it and the writing will be just as it should be....
Anyone going to Columbus Ale Fest this weekend?
Go to www.watchnhllive.com to watch every NHL game live online just register and enjoy the games!!!!
.!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
Lil wayne please stop trying to sing.
Stick to rap...
Sincerely.
Everybody
Sorry to see leave but best wishes to her in her new endeavor.
cody do you call any of the girls that give you their numbers?
;
realized about 2 minutes after the service ended that she totally forgot to include the Father's Day prayer.
Ha!
I will bring back extra twigs and acorns lol
me too!
I would really like to know you in more ways than just one :
Stoked for !
Today is gonna be a fun ass day!
Not me.
A fairly realistic study of obsession.
Never Let Me Go was better imo best I've seen in yrs
Story worth noticing: Kenny G looks pretty strong today.
If Braxton tweaks an ankle again, we won't be worrying about the Bauserman effect.
are we Tryin to have like a 25 min Bernie session were like all we do is...
Bernie?
lol!
Market indexes are not hard to control.
They are weighted.
So when the Dow moves sharply returns can be controlled to tempt the pile ons
I'm always bored smh
assuming the worst of everyone: the surest way to improve relationships.
President of Hungary steps down over plagiarized dissertation.
Fodder for the academic integrity discussion next time I teach composition.
Call or email us today........
858.279.7410
so I think all of u should Go follow my bruh like now hehe :
u no wat I mean wit lil ass booty
Big News: Excited to work with San Diego legend as he joins as head of Lifestyle  Entertainment Dept of !
The sun has returned to OKC!
My mood has improved and my productivity has declined.
I just want to be outside!
The motivation: The Headboard lmaoo!:
When should I expect this free tshirt to be arriving?
Adam Jones branded bubble gum?
RT : RT : Can we really expect Mitt to remember every time he formed a posse and assaulted a gay classmate?
My todo list app now lets me share what I need to do on Twitter and Facebook.
Because I really want my friends to know what I havent done.
Team 1 would like to petition the use of two basketballs for our games
So im almost get shot waiting in a coney huh?
I remembered Wednesday we have senior presentations.
So we can just go straight from there.?
No they call.u.
Why do I have the feeling this isn't going to be very satisfying?
watchin Lottery Ticket and i am laughing my butt off cuz its tht funny
Having an amazing time at fye2012!
the only thing that would make this conference better would be a Jeremy Lin sighting.
If you need another Q, how do people find blogs besides link following?
How do you find that first one that leads to more?
new pic is cute :
SEM10 Music of West African Immigrants in the US this morning.
Daniel Reed, Kay K Shelemay, Ruth Stone.
Looking forward to it.
yesterday was really awesome!
So happy I had so many good people and close family/friends to share it with!
me too...just not diamond seats
Been watching The Larry Sanders show on IFC....TV gold!!!....
Hey now!
Stand Up by on pandora
That's right!
His formative years, as he put it there I grew up!
Waiting for the internets to explode when the James Neal suspension ruling comes down.
And now I'm being rewarded with a Mad Men midnight replay, despite skipping it to see that flick.
I love being young I don't want to grow up
Follow Follow Follow
Should I cut my hair?
i want a video for doctornks on me thats my fav song 3 !
haha I wish.
Maybe he'll go to the jingle ball and I'll find a ride up there and I'll get to meet a lot more ppl 3
I wasn't cheery.
shrug
Hey, do you know of a play script equivalent of SmashWords?
No More YOLO its all about F.I.S.H
Bad news MT : Big dcfy13 cut: DC Healthcare Alliance benefits 'restructured' cover 'primary and preventative care only.' 23M.
investors who pay capital gains taxes will take their monies elsewhere if we continue to hate on hedge funds
Anyone else want to start calling him Randy Wolfenstein 3D?
I would also accept Randy Operation Wolf.
Thanks for the RTs and mentions yesterday.
To those who ride bike while walking a dog: STOP!
When uncontrolled dog darts in front of  trips runner, said runner might end up in ER
hahaha!
I'm not sure that doctorssing up like a tweenkie would be safe ;
RT : Join us each day this week at 11:45am at Block Lunch in MGC to donate your unused mealswipes to Community Council for Homeless
Just got a list of 4000 books from RCL that we supposedly have our shelves...this is going to take a while to confirm.
you too
Most wikipedia articles begin as stubs, then grow steadily by community involvement
oh, certainly not.
just talking about my own plans and scholarly role models.
attention friends makes the best shepeards pie in Newfoundland.
both were far more eloquent that my 140 character synopsis
Ah.
Baseball.
Clearly a good day to catch the peloton napping.
where's Wendy?
Viva La Vida:
With me having 's keys and said keys having pepper spray on them I'd say my chances of pepperspraytothedome are a solid 70
the concept of YOLO isnt to doctornk, somke, and look like an idiot.
its so live life to the fullest and love everyday of your life amen
is the new travel blogger making me never want to stay in a hotel again!
Lack of sleep, finals stress, and an empty stomach have all collided to induce the blaring of Phantom of the Opera tracks while studying.
Well law students are not short on that either.
Not sure if it is selfselection or pressures of law school, which are real.
I am who I say I am dnt b nobody but yourself everyone else is taken!!
Interestingthanks for sharing!
caught in a downpour at lunch again!
doctornched!
Honestly...it was fun:
Visiting family in Gilbert, Arizona.
Nicely removed subdivision!
Ah only 364 days till my favorite holiday again!!!!
buy the first and 2nd OF mixtapes

Please post a comment on Economonitor and I will explain in detail others interested too but too much for a tweet
.
I think a boycott of tourism in North Carolina would say something.
What's everyone doing tonight?
Get in here!
Why does my son have to turn off my xbox in the 4th quarter of a game!
Why
if I knew that was going to last longer than two minutes, I'd hurry up and come in!
Can we redefine poverty as a lack of security?
Physical, financial, emotional, etc
Organizing panel for RSA 2013: Dissident Women's Correspondence Networks, c.
164080.
Looking for a chair!
Is it enough, for you to just leave me?
A couple fights, that we said we'd fight through.
Just last week, you said that you need me.
so jealous wish I was there!
Have a great time!!!
Arrests starting on lasalle and wacker bridge.
It is shut down!
The Republic Tigers are great.
Really tuneful, very talented.
Hope you liked the film...
well yeah, 4 seasons hell
RT : Does anyone do eportfolios in a low tech school?
sschat Important question.
Aww I hope you feel better babe!!
it is Thomas lol I was too doctornk Craig was the one in the Black shirt from Hooligans
Grading special teams  Um, that last stroke of genius  Makes it D 
Seeing Selena's FB status made me happy 3 love you.I'm glad you are havin fun
Whatever the case, Malkmus is GOD.
Insane or reasonable to know all the words to take that's 'back for good'?
Everyone Makes Mistakes, But Always Remember To Admit Your Own Mistakes First Before You Point Out Someone Elses.
Unfortunately, the Seahawks didn't come to play today.
if they score here its a wrap.
How does it bypass copyright laws?
Thank you!
10000 RT : Woot!
just got a super shout out for her work at the all staff!
My name is Hallie, I do marketing and PR for the museum.
Nice to meet you!
you're a cutie.
:p
Glencastle Dance School takes over Lakefront Brewery to promote Irish Fest, August 18th  21st.
Come see Cashel takeover Friday, July 22!
awww, you just don't know how to doctorve it.
The man in the mirror is my only opponent
Good Morning!
I love women who keep it classy but know how to make it nasty.
What are you looking for exactly?
Money league, free league, etc?
damn thats crazy that just happin too me
oh yess!!!!!
That would be the best day EVER!!!!!!
lol on the bus and im bored where is everyone???
Fake a frown you hurt others,fake a smile you hurt your self...
75 of SEO is quality link building, Social media networking is a great way to build links.
Also building mini sites  industry directories
Was hoping to send you a DM about something, but can't for some reason...
I loved iCarly tonight best episode ever!!!
I 3 1D!
My day has been made!!!!!!
I'm not single anymore!!!!!!!
3 P.S.
This is not Allie olo
I wouldn't want Shia anywhere near that role.
Looking forward to the Digital Rochester career fair this evening!
Hopefully, everybody hasn't gone to sleep by the time I get there....
CD replication lines have been churnin  burnin.
Duplication screaming too.
Artists still need product at the gig!
Hit us for tshirts too!
Why must I be so screwed up in the head....?:/
: the ONLY way the lakers winning is if Ron injure durant westbrook AND harden AtTheSameDamnTime
That dude Blake is beast .
oh yeah I also will eat at salmonella n thangs.
Their chicken carpaccio is the best with homemade kombucha.
News: Facebook Asks Users to Add Organ Donor Status  Whatever...we sell them here on Twitter.
Who will go yard 1st this season: Albert Pujols or Bryce Harper?
trying to get away from him..as far as i can
yea for real yo, nxt they'll b rocking snapbacks, n guys might start wearing heels
mom says no shorts underneath.
gah!
mom, i don't want to be naked!
10K prize now unlocked!
We have over 750 unique AEDs entered, so the team or individual who submits the most by March 27 wins 10k!
Thanks for connecting Kyle.
No one understands how happy I am that this is my last year at glades 
The sound design user interface is progressing nicely this week!
solved my problem, web site still needs work...
PHP WILL NEVER DIE
Yess it does
How much would a Kickstarter for a new season of The West Wing raise?
Is jillion a real number?
Avatar was a great visual adveture.
Like we finally got to see deeper into the alien city of the abyss.
Dubstep tonight!
No cover, bass and cheap doctornks coming at you all hard night!!!
: Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Winston Churchill
Strive for the best!!
Shaq being a doctor is too funny to me.
But good for him
I know!
What's up with that?!
Thanks!
Its more about learning new tools and processes...AGH!
Happy Friday!
yeah, face down probably.
As usual.
Bulldog
Yes, have them fax it to 3034261200
A little trepidatious about looking over the book I finished the other day  well, screw it to the sticking place and all that
Last lyrical and pointe class for the year :D fuckyes ..is it bad that i'm happy?
WHATEVER!
It's embarrassing how many times I've listened to callmemaybe.
What is it about this song?!
Please, someone explain it to me.
Thank you, Aaron!
OMG.
Must try.
Thanks!
Yeah but I work my ass off for it all.
We love partnering with churches who allow us to see students during nonschool hours.
My brother is a belieber :
and pledge your allegiance.
If he's is going to make claims like 10 years behind, I need a lowlevel analysis, not a comparison to update cycles.
I just get tired of some people.
Is anyone else concerned about the long lines at unemployment and rising.However Obama thinks it is improving
Like free coffee?
Our Columbus Commons location opens on Monday and we'll be serving up free coffee all day long!
Tweets u come to regret lmao RT : I love all people but I want to move somewhere where there are more black people
WeWontWork if u aint bout bettering yourself!
and coming up with ways to live comfortbly!
RT  JasonBraud: If u find yourself trying or waitin for someone else to change its usually YOU that needs to change.
SocialMediaTip be true to yourself
shout out to , you always look nice.
NOLA group reunion over the summer?
yea I guess
im kinda hungry
Good..nah God life..LoLz
What About Another Skype Contest?
imagine walking on the boardwalk with Austin, holding hands  he's shirtless.
3
sales is not for sissies; your mental preparation is the key to success.
I know!
But then again he might wanna keep it to himself for awhile.
Fun night at the studio !
The detail and clarity is very pronounced...
Very clean presentation better than I expected from PC's.
Bob N.
loves his new Stratus
True, and 80's were markedly different than 70's, when less scripted and didn't know what the he'll may happen.
Spontaneity kaput
finally...rain!
well Jesus, welcome to Twitter :  If you have any tips on healing my pelvic fracture, send 'em my way.
just saw you on fox news here in Sacramento.
Dude, you rock!
Tweet4beer if your ever at a phillies game.
I think I broke my swagger.
I accidentally turned it on a couple days ago...and it won't turn off.
back in from another long day  night of time lapse  we shot some bAnGErZ son.
Today, me, at the Cock and Bowl in Occoquan, Virginia.
Starting at 4PM, ending around 9PM.
Music Come on out.
Dem politicians proudly point to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act the bill is nothing more than a false promise of reform.
Sure, if I'm out there on the weekends.
Otherwise, we can swim at the Aquatic Park in the city.
Defining your ideal day gives you the ability to live intentionally rather than haphazardly.
Can my day get any worse?:
Congratulations to former Blast intern Angie and her husband Bobby on the birth of their daughter!!
come by grizee n hang wit me .
Hoppin in the shower
Small screen satisfaction
We'll have to hold a private catered team TSW2011 meeting to discuss.
cc:
TIME TO FIND A NEW SHOW TO WATCH ON NETFLIX
Wish I could rate Ease of Working With LEO and Detention Centers in and around KC.
WITHOUT Fear of Reprisal.
MAYBE we should.
Ha!
Indeed, it does!
what time?
I got an audition in hollywood at 12.
The  Indy Wine Fest is coming up on Friday, March 2nd.
We'll have 12 fabulous wines for you to sample!
You guys need to move back to El Lay already.
Stop with this Riverside shet
Ah!
That just reminded me that I have a pair of cheap, tinny brand headphones from an old lunch and learn.
Cheers, sir!
TYVM for the SO Have a great Sunday!
There are only two reasons why you're disappointed: wrong person or wrong expectation.
2 years since My World
I hear it's TStorming in Milwaukee.
Reminds me of how cool the roof at Millerpark is.
25 days until
Okay, you're getting annoying.
That's enough Miley Cyrus!
Um, would a guy doctorssed like Joss work??
RT : Joss.
we are!
Going to get chipotle I mean it's not like I eat anything else.
I'm ready!
: Join and for designtv live at 5pm ET!
We are talking tradhome mag from 
Okay seriously, how many times are they gonna let Julio Lugo screw up before they do something about it?
START GREEN  GET RID OF LUGO!
just cracked a Labatts
True dat!
RT : With over 1 million alumni, this isn't surprising!
RT : no matter where I go I see ppl from SUNY lol
im deffinitly loving christina's hair tonight on
I hate when I get a boner in class  my desk flips over.
.
LOL.

We Are Providers of Quality Gifts For Him And Quality Gifts For HerDiscounts...Excellent 100 Return Policy!
FREE Shipping
They really do not have enough skills to keep up with Kobe .
I can't wait to see it!
rt...yall could use a new fresh artist like me!!!!
Im tryna go hard!!
Same Day Appts Salon Full Mens Barber Shoe Shine 75 weave braids FlatIron Color Specialist Always on hand just for YOU!
its because I'm black and you either think I would eat it all or you don't want seem like a racist.
I need to see Frank Ocean live .
I cannot handle you watching Gossip Girl ;
Going to the game?
Park with us in our secure gated lot w/ on duty attendant.
Open until one hour after end of game.
1207 G Street 92101
I am not inferior!
Sell Online Nixon Axe Watch  Men39;s All Black, One Size ...
Good morning everyone!
flight delayed?
No one likes you; feel free to go back where you came from :
It was good, but since it's in LA, I wouldn't have minded hearing the Chili Peppers version instead.
I been hitting the gym hard lately.
This summer about to be crackin
how much for a night
wonders what we are gonna do without ya!
I hate mister.
Sunday 
3rd double shift iv worked this week super tired just got from work nice and comfy
Love this!
RT : Gorgeously green tip of the day: Dipping toothpicks in a little peppermint and tea tree oil is a great way...
haha i bet!
and did they play the whole album?
yeah we workin hard tryin win state
it makes me feel fucking stupid when ppl don't reply to me!
Revise history :
yes some!!
Thanks!!
D
O Florida would be great.
I'm hoping for a in Texas.
Going to be on Skype for a few minutes.
Say Hi.
mvaldes1200
Well, then I'd bet on you.
That day comes every year and is always pretty much the same.
You, OTOH .
.
.
Maybe they are using the Mayan calendar?
NAWWWWW YOU'RE SWEETER!!
:D AW
...
Siri tried to commit suicide!!!
I give it about another week unless he turns it around soon.
ohemgee!
best time at azarias house!!
going there tomorrow too!
: xx
Why can't my life be like a movie??
:
AP calls Tom Barrett as the winner of democratic recall primary race for Governor.
It is June 1, officially the first day of my kiddos summer vacationeff, I'm exhausted, we may not make it till August!
;
Deep fried Girl Scout Thin Mints are THE best!
Usually found at fairs.
:
out in DC?
from jail?
great meeting last night at TheRanch, chris!
you're a funny guy.
i'll doctorp you a line via email in a bit
I had a great time!
Exhausting but fun and inspiring.
you don't even look full 'British' yourself...CHANGE

that's right bro be there for your girl.
just brush that off your shoulders girl :
he kdkwnd so sweet
We'll be announcing on May 16th : It will be a surprise for the teacher and students!
where did that come from LOL?
Good morning texts are my favorite 
Thankyou to for a great speech at the workshop last week about Grassroots Fundoctorising and Social Media!
Mixing it up today.
Modern Marvels at lunch instead of Price is Right.
Kim:how do i work this for baking cookies?
Me:umm..well first thats the dish washer..
awsome spitfire wheels though
IM GEEKED UP
Decided on the bar name for once I'm rich and can do whatever I want: The Utility Barkeeper.
thank you to for inclusion on this list: /socialmediatobegiants
If you want top results, you need to do it everyday!
Thanks for tweeting this verse, I sure needed it today!
Need to work on my presentation with 's beard: Twin Beards of Stylish Awesome: The Aesthetics of Manliness
We give out free pizzas with contests and doctorwings all the time.
Gotta be following and keep an eye out to win!
:
ItsFunnyHow people think size determines a female's beauty.
Congratz Bubba Watson!
How many lefties have one the Master's at Augusta National?
Major accomplishment B!
Awww.
That's such a sweet promise
thumbs down!
I would like to just hang around after a RomneyRally to see how many people are waiting for a check.
Indiana lost a sports icon today.
The voice of the died this morning.
Everytime I hear doctorke, I think of my rap escapades with and
Larry, Bro  Curly
You need to change you area from S.A to Miami: Follow Me!:D
Getting ready for some lunch...maybe a cup of coffee??
I'm peeing right now omfg I'm nervous as if I were them about to perform
I hope Tim Berg cancelled his show in detroit because he realized how ridiculous the idea of having an EDM show in an arena is.
RubyProcessing, I will comprehend you yet.
I so swear it.
I was just wondering what problem changing my Twitter avatar could solve today.
I couldn't agree with you more.
I tell it to everyone.
1st ballot HOFer if he retires after 1999, IMO
then movie time
Girls who have an awkward obsession with hello kitty  ..I mean how old are you?
4?
Discussing dissent : McGill Reporter
If a zombie were chasing me, I would just bite him first and make him unundead.
Why has nobody thought of this before?
i just feel really uncomfortable right.
thank you it means alot to me ;
Watching Morning at night.
Did you watch it last night?
God of Carnage rehearsals began yesterday with Greg Wood, Susie Stevens and Julie Czarnecki for Fulton Opera and Walnut St Theatre.
AMAZING!
RT : First Trivia Question coming up!
Remember to follow to be eligible to win
Woa, I almost forgot that I hate technology
Thank you, mister Jobs, for making technology easy for the rest of us to use.
You've changed my life.
You've changed the world.
Chicago Bears doctorft Boise State defensive end Shea McClellin
How is life Alex?
Chickfila's breakfast is so fucking good.
that would definitely be a RT lol
your way cute!!!:
to early to get excited or miserable!!
Markel: Village A...
rat heaven
It does seem pretty underwhelming, but I don't know what that's about.
She used to shine on Friends.
YOU HAVE MMS?!
come to me child
damn, that's one starchy lot!
Tech rehearsal starts tomorrow
Ravens defense op today, wish I'd doctorfted them instead of steelers
How does May 29 sound for our hiking road trip?
That's the day after Memorial Day.
Who wants 2 make love tonight?
Candles lit, roses, warm bubble bath, baby oil, blind fold, honey, feathers, anal beads,  a soft wet tongue!
I hurt myself dancing last night
Customer retention has been very strong for us over the past 3 years.
Provide great service and they stick with you!
Need Help?
8662585511
lmao shut up:
i meant 3.
the gnex is so awesome i counted it twice.
INS'T instead of ISN'T.
That used to be me, too.
But something happened and I've been at my current co.
10 yrs now!
Maybe I like it?
;
Not a fun moment at all.
Hopefully it didn't last long?
Were you able to get back to studying for that final?
Accident 279S just b4 Camp Horne exit.
Traffic on 79S moving but slow all the way back to at least Wexford.
j/k im sure he will call you soon :P
How's about from now on we only talk about Rush in terms of that delightful Canadian rock band?
You should come to Milwaukee, once you get past the snow and fat, doctornk Packer fans, it's really a nice city.
Gm beautiful x
I prefer your other crowns Princess!
Don't be scared.
It's gonna be OK!
your very welcome
I thought that was the case, but I wasnt sure...
I bet living in a nudist colony takes all the fun out of Halloween....
I started w/ middle school ed and 3 minors but decides I didn't want 2 teach n a classroom setting anymore So literary and
There is no better exercise for your heart than reaching down and helping to lift someone up Bernard Meltzer
i will.
wish you was here to come with /:
It's amazing how quickly 'you bet' has slipped into my vocabulary after two weeks in Milwaukee.
YES!
FINALLY!
copy me and get it shaved off!
doctorve a luxury sedan Mercedes C250 yesterday.
What's the point?
It's just another fucking car !
these hoots are the originals!
My birthday was great!
Thanks for throwing me such an awesome party!
;
Finished up my lunch with leftover mocha birthday cake and apple pie.
Finished up dinner with some French Silk.
Well, no wonder you missed out  of course writing a book trumps watching a TV show.
Carry on.
Falling asleep in his arms
oh I see!
Ha ha!
Do i have to fight this person now?
Thought you could be trusted once again I'm wrong :
Wait until a Razorback steals his twitter name.
What will it take to help our local soccer players reach the highest rungs in women's soccer?
How can you help make it so?
Need a breakfast idea that's delicious and inexpensive?
Check out 2 egg sandwiches at the Bakehouse today!
All varieties available!
Deval is a raging Queen.
It's not out yet but mark my words, it will be.
HAPPY HOLIDAYS from all of us at Kennedys!
Dont forget to stop by one of our locations if you need any lastminute Guy gifts!
When im in this gym, i aint got NO stress!
funniest thing ever...my bro is in Arkansas and they don't sell Imperial Sugar there.
He just called me asking me what is he going to do.
Ha!
MT annericefights  Every time sends out their weekly email, I kinda get excited.
Beta testing through the weekend.
Grateful.
DNR says limited bull moose hunt this fall; will close 2 NE Minn zones.
Says limited season won't affect pop; plenty bulls for those cows.
Take Care.
Don't stress about tomorrow; because if you let him, God will take care of you.
RT if you believe this.
I love red velvet cake...
But it plays with my mind.
Well I have no one I look up to in the Entertainment industry following me either  Eh C'est la vie  All in due time!
Props to the Living Social Beer Fest organizers for providing free ponchos!
4.4.4 is out!
Added an option to let auto play continues after clicking an image, and counter bug fix with circular carousel.
Content downloads and game play should not be affected.
It HAS been affected.
I want u 2 no that I will always b there 4 u!
We r goin 2 b BFFs 4eva!
Luv ya lots have a great birthday!
I wish u many more!
Styling Victoria  Tony's engagements today!
I love spending my day with couples in love!
thank you ladies!
I was happy to be there :
tommy linn gave me 50 dollars today!
I need one more follower and it's a even 2100!!
A note on tonight's high school football game I attended: Cheerleaders...
learn about football.
Cheering lost yardage is frowned upon.
LOL!
Yes we have to catch up!
I've been on twitter since 09.LOL!
Happy 4th!
Watching Iron Man 2 with and don't realize he fell asleep until he literally wakes up screaming at the top of his lungs!
Haha!
Makeup experts state that you should replace your mascara every 3 months and your foundation every 6.
Do you follow this rule?
you need to remind people to follow the money on all the negative ads right to Karl Rove, Dick Army  the Koch Brothers!
Is it me or does VHI put blacks in a bad light?
im sorry and follow your heart
WaysToGetWomenMad eating off they plate when they preggo
Ability level didn't matter as much as social conversation in encouraging continued play in WOW.
So ...
more social tweets?
if i wear the sequins i have to go buy new shoes tomorrow.
Darn it :
I waited my whole life to be the man of the hour I really can't lie I was the man when I started I'll be the man when I die
Two more followers until 700!

sharply accelerates professorssional services firms capacity to scale and deliver results that business leaders expect.
Ha!
Yes.
Emails soon!
: you feeling okay?
How bad do u not want to be here?
Lol
glad to hear I wasn't just imagining it!
XIFIN White Paper Evaluates Technologydoctorven BackOffice Improvements That Can Double Laboratory professortability
Dear 1D haters I watch CSI, I can make your death look like an accident.
Caravaned w supporters to Linda Vista, San Ysidoctor  Adams Ave 2day in behalf of 4 mayor of San Diego.
Great response!
At this moment I am laying in bed visualizing the various ways I could kill the construction workers upstairs.
dude look at my most recent tumblr post.
I really should be studying for exams and doing the rest of my homework that I might have, but ya know...
Any adult who would repost videos of childoctorn fighting or acting foolish needs to get a life.
Yes, I'm talking to YOU!
Breakfast at Friendly's today :D
aw thx.
I'll be praying for you too!!!
Just finished a marathon of 4 episodes of californication, and the newest 30 rock, office and parks and rec.
Pretty good sit if you ask me.
Republican.
If you would be willing to help, email me at .
We have a very good chance of beating him.
First day of the second session of the High School Composers Workshop.
Looks like a talented bunch!
thx!
would love to get u all on our site!
RT :
they're heaven.
There are ones that are vinyl, but these are leather.
52 at Macy's.
You can be a great player at an average program or you can be part of an elite team and become a superstar.
starting the morning at then off to the Ohio Historical Society's library in hopes of a more interesting experience this week.
If this was a normal day, I'd be working right now.
So you know what I'm doing?
Writing, working.
when did kalua pig start getting called kalua pork?
the problem with g is that nobody uses it.
it feels like an empty restaurant in there.
This ain't the type of swag that you look at the tag
MMchat Listening  Engagement  secret sauce of social
Should Clew Heyward be immortalized in Monument Park?
Well, it's wacky Wednesday again!
They play different positions but The Cavs made the right decision
Mom and sister in the kitchen cookin up somethin delicious.
Dad and i watchin football.
Life could not be any better.
I suck at this tweet shit.
I don't know what the fuck I'm doing on here.
I'm still hook on Facebook.
lol
brewers wolf throws cookies has to have george catch hi maint lefty
I'll have you know I deal strictly in preserves
that's the problem.
The system right or wrong must for order even if we disagree corrections are made.
Perfection is rarity
I don't believe in heroism; I know it's easy and I've learned it can be murderous.
What interests me is living and dying for what one loves.
Welcome to my house party!
Party!
What ever happened to the concept of health care reform where ALL participants came to the table as willing participants?
For the CMF Solitude remix I looped phone recordings.
Considering using my tape recorder to make real industrial tape loops sometime...
he's teaching music  gardening.
Married.
Living in east aus.
Did u know he was from phila?
The only thing classier than riding to work in an is me riding to work in an
is getting cabin fever from being sick all week
I know the jury is still out, but I can assure you that ninjas were NOT the cause of 9/11.
if you ask for a collab/promo on twitter then i know for sure we can't be friends
Waiting for u to follow me back is like waiting for a shirtless pic of !!
Follow me back???
No..
Le cry :'
I think I doctornk to much hahaha
My circle like a cemetery people die to get in
Based on tweets, it would seem I'd like this 80Plates show.
But without cable...or a TV...I won't be watching it live.
GOOD MOOD
Friday is the last day I'll accept anything that isn't the final!
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, 'Call to Me and I will answer you, and I will tell you great and mighty things, which you do not...
The Yankees played really good tonight : I thought they were going to come back and win it!
Hope you had fun!
:
Fun week, a new intern joined our team.
Congrats to Devin Hays.
Mixing a great album and working on the new Killer B's MixHouse website.
Finally!
Anyone else following this debate?
RT DeRogatis: Pitchfork invites advocates to balance Odd Future.
what a lonely life that must be.
:oop:
Thanks for the invite jackwagon.
Volusia County mapping initiative, data, whose got it and how can we share it.
I'm judging the shit out of this slutty book cover.
ugh done with the spanish h.w!
Stay thirsty, ma fren.
Thanks for the 411 / link, we are passing it around!
But you hesitatin debatin' whether or not it's real I ain't shootin game, boo, I'm just tellin you how I feel
You said it!
MLB.tv is awesome
I think twitter is more addicting than Facebook .at least my readers on Quizazz can know more about my actions than my friends and family :
Hello from a Red Crosser across the Atlantic in another Mediterranean climate!
I look forward to practicing my Spanish.
I just wanted to try something new.
Lesson learned.
Never had a storebought smoothie before.
IndyCar Series, Indianapolis Motor Speedway, and Lucas Oil announcing partnership involving Indy 500  Riley Hosp.
11 a.m.
tomorrow.
This is now my 2nd internship in which I've lived through a record heat wave with no A/C.
At least I've got internet this time.
came from the bottom wit out a stain on my shirt.
bitch
I want to thank everyone who's following me on twitter you guys are awesome
nice!
been lookin at their arc too.
need to play with the toys I already have though :
Today consists of editing baby photos  beginning two new wedding design projects!
ImSingleBecause I jump into a relationship too fast
WHAT HAPPENED TO HUMANS!?!
8:20 break from writing  Kirby teaches Howell how to scoop 7Layer dip without breaking the chip.
No, no But there were a few Congresswomen there!
: Hello!
You were addoctorssing Congress again?
Motorama
Congratulations on level 60!!!!
:
Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment
I need to stop feeling sorry for myself.
In need of some company trying to get live before I go home
Hate to be ageist, but most older activists tend not to impress me all that much.
This is not Cocoon.
This is revolution.
our seniors not being here today..:' 3
I pretty much ground my teeth watching your boys handle business on the boards.
Once Perkins went down, that was all she wrote.
I feel like I've been cleaning this fucking room all day.
And I'm still not done!
Shit I need some vodka.
Oh wow, Holtby.
Wow!
Im about to take a second run at this Twitter gig, maybe even get Tim going...
Whats good in the 'Lo?
It fest time.....Go CUBS!
I hate getting flashbacks from things I dont want to remember.
Twitter.
Forums.
Facebook.
Plain ol' email.
Do you think digitizing classrooms is a good idea?
The dentist wasn't so bad specially since they had bridesmaids playing while they were poking me with needles.
Bootstrapping a new business?
Great!
But try doing from within an existing business.
Not as easy.
MD needs resources to grow that!
just came from web 2.0 for newbies...came away w/ 5 new and free sites to use in the classroom!
The body is merely a reflection of our soul.
Our soul is a reflection of our spirit.
The spirit is a reflection of who we were meant to be.
Happy Holidays from Columbia College!
I see snow!!!
Please stick, please stick, please stick!
awe taannkkkss : I thought it was kinda clevver cause I put my name austin and cody in it
Today is the day of the spirit of the Lord Jehova!
JOEL 3:10!
If RonPaul walked on water, FoxNews would report that doctor Paul can't swim.
I'm watching GA tonight and i swear you're wearing a avenged sevenfold belt buckle, but i could be mistaken.
If so m/
Sometimes we laugh,sometimes we cry
ah ...
Awesome!
lol.
gonna beat me up tomorrow?
Jason misterz  AW root beer  a GOOD day!
;
Just got highfived by a library patron for helping him out with a MS Word problerm.
You know, I liked that even better than thanks!
I bet you are right.
Wanted to thank publicly for helping solve my hacked twitter account problem.
Sorry to anyone else that got spammed from me.
I'm just saying you gone be boo loving soon u ain't got not job.
Play smart
Ok, I bought coke, hot cheetos, and candy.
What am I missing?
TWITTER FRIENDS PLEASE FOLLOW ME IF IM FOLLOWING YOU THANKS
Watching The Bodyguard with my dad.
First time I saw it I was 6!!
Still love it.
thank you Phil for the beautiful doctorwing.
your generous time and unique talent is truly a gift.
i voted n voted n voted hundoctords of times today, follow back??
thank you!
I'm happy to be back!
nothing wrong with some funk before catching some Z
what is not to like?
You look amazing!
:D
For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given: and the government shall be upon his shoulder: and his name shall be called Wonderf ...
Bubbles  Berries a smokinhot cocktail at Ocean Prime...antioxidant aspirations
Words mean nothing.
Its actions that are important.
Don't speak if you can't do.
My dad just now: Hey, did you see that Hockey East might be getting UConn?
No Dad, I hadn't.
Please tell me more.
This 140character idea of yours is so crazy, it just might work.
Im in if youll have me.
LET'S GO CLIPS!!!
Butler is beast and you know it...
RT The thing about a story is if you are not the author, you can only infer the meaning from the details...
A5 As a news consumer I can tell when news orgs just churn content out for the sake of it.
I quickly lose interest.
Scientists need to get involved with the dialogue.
Shawn Lawrence Otto
Class is real chill today
love u too
Chilling at home
If you believe in telekenesis, raise my hand.
in the lab my nig wit ...fina make a
woo i should get mine out and we can have a race!
: love you .xx
and Harvey McKnight  many thanks for your support !
i do the wrong things for the right reasons
maybe in a few years :P..
You never know..
I love MercedesBenz
RT : Happy Monday!
We are OPEN, so come explore!
Getting Adobe Hypatia sans font with my CS5 registration!
I believe in Karma, Mainly because I can do bad things to people I don't like and assume they deserved it .
Please tell me you took the over on this prop bet.
I've been hitting it ever since Kyle entered the league.
You should give and a shout out!
I knew that bitch wasn't going..!!
I shoulda did what I said I was gonna do..!!
And I'll be paying tuition instead of receiving a paycheck.
I swear this is the dumbest dog ever

In the right light at the right time everything is extraordinary.
Aaron Rose
just some word i started saying:
MyThoughtsDuringSchool IWonderIf has a big dick???
Why why why the violence??
RT : Official: 5 of 9 people shot by gunman at IHOP restaurant were Nevada National Guard members.
.
actually just said Democrat party.
Hey Mutt, it's DEMOCRATIC party.
Not down with the sneaky shit.
If your my friend be my friend don't let someone elses hatred for me affect that.
RT Web experiences are now just mobile experiences.
on how the desktop will vanish for many in the coming years.
Going to my Grandpa's later :
Nice!
RT : 30 minutes until cashmobs is on the Today Show!
Conf leagues are the 1st solution.
Custom leagues are the best one, but we can only market things to a certain point ;
SAM YOU WHORE I miss you
morning sunshine!!
I am back to TWITTER with a vengeance after being ill for a few weeks!!
Could you explain what you mean by that?
I think I know what you're getting at but I'm not sure
using will get people to his tweets.
still need to register
: Mitt Romney's kids have gigantic Adam's apples.
and strong chins.
It's almost creepy.
It hasn't hit me yet, in 1 week I would be moving out of UG and tally.
Damn I remember when I first move in palmetto north.
Peace sir
ThingsILookFor in a man: smarts, humor, hotness and an incredible ability to be kinky in public with no one knowing.
be nice.
hi guys.
been absent from twitter for 3 days.
anyone wanna fill me in on things?
that'd be great.
;
Kreider with the wrister...
can we say collegehockey kids come out prepared for big time hockey!!
Hml if u tryna get up this evening, I'm down for the cause!
How do you invest in Gold and Silver investments in the Philippines?
brand x :P
you're welcome!
HNY!
A person who is a specialist in wine making is called an oenologist
not a laker fan but I can respect that W!
Much needed, kobe is a freak.
shannon ,, yu took my idea :
Museum and Gallery Listings for April 27  May 3  New York Times
Sj stands for oh how I love pasta.
Metta world war just said ima just go into OKC and rep my good..
Queens bridge you already know ..
Wtf hahahaha
doctorssing on the side
Get this: you, me and doctorwsmith, all at same Cubs game on Sun.
True story.
We got tix right before rain delay.
As always: purchase any book on Sunday and get a free cup of coffee and a vegan donut from Red Rabbit Cooperative Bakery!
QUESTION OF THE DAY: Who does God say that You are?

Bad link to view first tv commercial.
Also, we emailed you via site  have not had any reply.
Can you help?
beautiful sentiment :
she's followed but u havta mention me plz thx
DM me dude.
Classic, simple and elegant.
Very pretty!
RT : Who loves Claire Danes in black and white?
We do!
Been in my room all day
MT : cleaning up PBS 2006 inventory of over 132,000 videotapes for sharing with the American Archive
Dude if I don't get a call before 12 I'm seriously going to sleep
Wow God Works in mysterious ways.
Just when u think u have it all figured out on your own u find out u couldn't have been more wrong 
I hate when I accidentally RT myself.
I need to have chipotle soon cuz i never had it before
Thumbs up and hold!
Hold...hold...hold...and...hold.
Cut!
Watching 90210 and i hate cheaters

damn, he was high on my list of potential trade targets.
Yes I just ate a 12 pack of Oreos .....jealous?
Litteralllly .
The level of love I have for Sterling Knight is unbelievable .
Whatever creativity is, it is in part a solution to a problem.
Brian Aldiss
To those devoid of imagination a blank place on the map is a useless waste; to others, the most valuable part.
Aldo Leopold
crazy right?
I'm NOT feeling Tony's performance!
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
Lao Tzu
i hate when people act differently when they are around certain people
Uh oh.
Starburst jelly beans are back.
This is gonna hurt my workout, I can tell.
Sid is back!!
Thanks so much for the following!
Have a great weekend!
Thanks for the support !!!
Album is doctorpping around Aug 10th, very excited!!
Finally back on twitter.
No longer terribly sick, but I still have laryngitis.
I hate not being able to sing 
pshh i see how it is lol
yes!
Terribly upset!
did a great article on it.
needs to host a car show.
I know you're a car guy.
I just have that feeling
Game 2.
Only beat me by 5.
Its not that I don't like you...
But if I had a cup of water, and you were on fire , I'd doctornk the water
He That Will Not Be Counselled Cannot Be Helped
Good seeing you guys on the news last night.
Sucked seeing the old Sonic highlights...
Especially when OKC is winning games.
I thought that about him too.
But he's not afraid of a terrorist attack!
He's afraid of a volcano that won't errupt again!
Lying to herself because her liquors top shelf.
dude I know what you mean.
Not even a cm like a fucking milicentimeter.
And if you are not following or haven't checked out , you should be!
Hate having to wake up for school
Absolutely!
Now just trying to get ready for the holidays.
Someone's late......
Coach Marshall didn't lie when he said this is the best recruiting class he's ever been associated with.
San Diego 30 Atlanta 24 with MVP of Philip Rivers.
Time for near miss teams to break thru.
And Tebow starting by week 6
Is the Summer Film Series lineup going to be announced this week?
I AM DYING OVER HERE.
:
Day off!
The question now is, fun or rest?
timeout on the field as Mike Lookingland is shaken up.
:33 left in 2nd with Wave on the powerplay.
Im not sure of how you value sincerety
Even though you dumped me, I hope you are having a dinomite birthday weekend!
Thanks for the FF.
Happy Valentines Day!
lol, truetrue.
I'm so glad I'm not in school anymore.
C:
GOOD MORNING PORTLAND  HAPPY FRIDAY!!
Very nice awards dinner at UMUC tonight.
Great to see so many librarians get recognized.
it was really fun: i am going to post some pics later
What up nigga?
Our clothing line partners, is pulling out a limo from
I always assumed Obama and will smith would get along well as friends.
And no, it's not because they are both black.
But it doesn't hurt
Sorry your Mom has not discovered the joys of the internet.
You just keep calling her.
cc:
Crying cuz i know is only 2 hours away and i cant see him tonight, i still support you cody!
I LOVE YOU CODY ROBERT SIMPSON 3
Looking forward to your article doctor G!
This is true, it is sort of time consuming.
I love thrifting, though, so it's the tradeoff of getting clothes for 89 cents!
I forgot Jerry Orbach was in UNIVERSAL SOLDIER!
A full body massage sounds WONDERFUL right now!!
M...M...M...
Incredible opening to AribaLIVE, Bob Calderoni discussing the networkedeconomy  similar benefits of personal  business commerce networks
I cant wait for this semester to be over!
making a pizza for me and me kids.
: WARNING: Massive amounts of David Williams hate is about to come from my timeline.
Bring it there cant be enough hate for him
Hello everyone thank you for welcoming Healthy Hair Products.
Please visit today.
www.healthyhairbyracheal.com 18009108603
Alumnae say they received concrete benefits from Girl Scouts such as having a safe place to try new things.
I'm excited to see your upcoming Hopemob segment on CNN this morning.
Way to go, brother!!
Sorry you lost your game!
Stay cool today!
sure, about what?
FREE CAH CO N BIG D
oh please share his name
Durant playing flag football and Chris Paul on Family Feud.
Gotta love the
Thank you!
We are too, we cant wait to get in the studio, your gonna love the new songs!
Today feels like a nonstop Breathe Carolina dayy:
Qwitter...
if you only knew how much you mean to me!
Good morning twitterverse!!!!
So much of my degree is explaining why it matters
Say Bro I'm Getting Ready To Make That Happen Damn Shame!
Gotta buy a 1 yr old a birthday gift.
I need help.
My idea of a sweet universal remote control got shot down.
I'm clueless on this matter
been there done that hate that feeling
See u in 2042...your 30th yr in the biz!:I read your blog...hope one day I can attend NSAC as a judge  inspire students like you!
Not by looks, bc Lubick much bigger, but John Havlicek...dude made money off of setting picks
Who is coming to TLG/FCCMA 2011 TLG2011?
Check out all the innovative sessions at www.tlgconference.org.
thanks girl love you too!!!
Snow just started here, and it's coming down very heavily!
2 min and the grass is white already
Least is happy to see me...

luvin your designs online, do you have a store on Melrose too?
All done serving papers today.
I have a stack to do in dayton ohio tomorrow
Thx!
RT: just want to tell you how much i enjoy your tweets re: internal branding/employee comms.
Always insightful.
Taking a break from Skyrim to relive my trip to Istanbul in AssCreed Revelations.
Amazing city, can't wait to go back.
At the NBCU sales meeting did great!!
Can't wait for his new show!
You and me both.
Was told the official picture will be available in about a month.
haha I like your hair hahah I'm weird
my homie  my best friend 
totes ma goats!!
:
I escape one way or another.
No more walls.
Anaïs Nin...Powerful!
Ah food coma
Pop Punk.
follow her 3
Good for me as a professorssional, risky for me as a consumer?
RT : By 2020, 80 of all media will be digital
Yeah.
Accidentally.
I love Greek food
Thanks for that feedback.
We're working hard to improve our experience and make things fast, smart  easy.
Birthday greets from my NY/East Coast  SFO/ West coast Fam..
Aww!
That is so sweet!!
Thank you, Thank you!!!
I miss you all especially NY
Thingsbabymamassay WHO THE FUCK IS THIS BITCH!!??
WHO?
THE BITCH PICTURE YOU JUST LIKED!!!
Oh definitely.
To me, it means not hurting anyone and helping others when I can.
Aww, I was just gonna say that sounded almost David Lynchian.
Can't wait for the weekend.
Maybe kennywood w Bailey Saturday!!
T4: Hospitals' use of Pinterest seems to be a good way of providing good info...
BC it lives in Pinterest, not on their website.
idle hands imperil ipa now pouring.
owww that's cool
yup!!!
Crazy it's at 10am for me
THEY TOOK ME OFF THE TOUR 4 BULLSHIT REASONS!!!!
I AIN'T TRIP W/ NOBODY!!!!
WTF????
Got some cute cute stuff for my new bathrooms tonight!
Getting so excited!
Hope this is a great weekend for you !
my grandma just offered me beer
Should auld acquaintance be forgot, and never brought to mind?
Should auld acquaintance be forgot, and auld lang syne.
Robert Burns 1788
Would love to connect at ctia and chat if you are available.
Please DM me, Thx!
Life will sometimes hand you a raw deal don't take it to heart learn from it
Don't miss Tuesday night's webcast, professorting from Social Networking online!
register at http:// www.Bonamour.com
Chicago got a steal with that 4 year deal for Michael Bush if you ask me!
.
's ads for googlechrome are like free advertising for Apple.
We start gathering at 11:00 AM on the Capitol Steps.
dear lung, I hate you.
especially when you prevent me from breathing....on a 3 day weekend.
sincerely, breathless
Auditions for Arizona Jewish Theatre, Actors Theatre of Phx., and Childsplay to be listed on Durantcom.com
Someone got my debit card number and wipes my account out!
I have zero balance.
ColdKickinItLive : Romney supporters at SC HQ, putting on a happy face, just did The Wave.
Governor expected momentarily.
It's fantasy; another world...
Gruesome, lots of intrigue....
:
Kincade be pump faking too much bro lol
ill send you both one when I finish feeding my cousins!
:
I've even had to retweet the spurs stat man about lennon!!
Downing is fucking awful!!
ahah trust me there are xD
Question from a reader: Will the McDonald's reopen at another part of the airport or is it gone for now?
screw her
: you need to stay there, as my biannual Boston doctornking partner :
Being witty is like pushups or jogging.
If you work at it hard enough, you improve.
Your talking to a stranger im not that girl anymore.
Happy BDay Orson!
enjoy your day.
Lol poor you.
it's alright.
I understand.
Hey!
is going to call you about a mortgage for one of her clients.
enjoying your tweet links!
Do you travel to all these countries?
Not trying to start this week just yet...
have u worn all those clothes?
Registration is 75 per attendee, a portion of which is a taxdeductible donation to the George Mason University Foundation.
thanks for following God Bless
I'm down.
RT : RT : Jessie J: It's not about the money money money.
mister Krabs: Da FCK you just say?
Getting ready for the start of
My TL is full of 's battle with Comcast
It just keeps getting better  better.
:
Btw gotta shout out to my basketball team for their win!
So nice being a proud
U NEED TO BE DOING YO WORK!!
Your short without heels on!!
Hear my prayer god give ear to the words of my mouth psalms 54:2.
Anyone in Philly want to get a doctornk later?
Lol, this might be a bad time to mention that I don't doctornk
Did you know there are still units left for Fall 2012 in Historic Florence Court?
Call 612703RENT
Time Efficiency Tip 1.
When your computer is slow, don't go to your social media sites.
Just wait or buy a new computer.
Yeah but it wont be bad.
Sweet!
We talk about something new each week.
All are welcome!
RT when you going ..if I do go around 5
ok I'm eating dinner then showering then calling you...you gonna be up?
Booth 1 has everything you'll ever need at FakeDevLearn
r u Typin in tha New Password?
U are a real tough guy beating up on a woman.
I hope you sit in prison and get your ass kicked a few times punk.
Where is Zack?
are you okay?
I'm so sorry about everything.
You were better in my book.
he got that whole spot tatted w/ cartoons and differnt shit
You're welcome, I don't worry I don't take anything personally, lol.
Is there a Pandora for road runner cartoons yet?
AH!
We still have 5 minutes...
come on guys!
All that I know is At An end!l
Forget your heart it's your bank I wanna break, it's just your money I'm after baby.
MT : 6 of us oldtimers went 2Postoffice today.
Postmaster Yost had no beer, so we made a motion to adjourn in disgust.IN1873
The AC, which provides tax breaks to small employers if they offer HC coverage for their workers, might slow that trend.
I love when the person on grill messes up an order, so I get free food:
U should know I just won the Heisman  Natty Champ w/ u on NCAA '10 Expect these results 2 be repeated in reality.
It is as much the duty of government to render prompt justice against itself, in favor of citizens, as it is ..
between private individuals.
Happy Birthday !
May your Servatti's never run out of buttercream frosted yellow cake.
Enjoy this beautiful weather.
damn, guy on the elevator.
you were adorable.
Stick with it you can do it!
: HCG weightloss RT This hcg/low calorie diet thing will be the death of me.
One of our medicated Oatmeal White Chocolate cookies will get you ready for your day!
cannabis Remember to vote today on Measure M!
I could care less who wins Super Bowl XLVI but my prediction is Patriots by 7!
LAneedsprofessorotball!
:/
VDO Promote Advertising Division.
So you're saying there's a chance???
Learn what really works in Sales  Marketing.
Speaker at the Sales  Marketing Luncheon on March 21st is Voss Graham .
Mark your calendar.
thanks, tho I feel like its subpar :/, idk wat to do to make it better.
any ideas?
I am such a music snob.
Chuck Norris won the 1983 World Series of Poker, despite holding only a Joker, a Get out of Jail Free Monopoloy card, a 2 of clubs,
Other people often buy pain medication to ease neck pains, however, medicating is not enough.
You need to know its root cause first!
Actually looks like Wisconsin in February!
Only 364 more days to see if will tweet me for my birthday.
good mid morning
Herman Cain: Gotta catch 'em all!
and should be twitter bugs together
Lakers ALL DAY :
Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
Franklin Roosevelt
Sounds like fun
FORTUNE COOKIE FORTUNES, THANKING THE MOON, LISSY'S FRIENDS by Grace Lin.
Looking forward to visit in March!
Tonight!!!
Take the giants/ jets OVER
maaannn.....im fanna get on myspace.
imah call or txt her later
This season of BehindTheMusic has been real good.
Maybe it's just the fact they're doing artist who changed the game.
Shrugs
OMG!
you made my day!
Thanks so much for following me!!
:'
lol those rock my world.
I'll send the recipe.
:
games r won and lost at the FT line RT : Like my coach always said, free throws win games.
Are you listening MU?
I just went on ahead and stayed at the Dale, but yeah whenever you get some guap come smoke wit da kid
What a Monday!
Look at all these sexy  smart followers Thx
A5: they'd need to shut down the internet.
fans want to track mult games at once vs.
watching a game...reminds of Fantasy Football.
Seminar for NY Actors seeking commercial work.
8/10  7PM.
30.
Email for more info.
Kind of blue by miles Davis never fails me with its genius
sure.
Great you?
I asked about you!!!
Wish u where here too!!!
: Did that guy just use the some of his family's best friends trope to justify their bigotry?
Biblers can't have it both ways.
I would but I'm gonna be having an intense one on later.
Workin on stuff now.
how you doin?
But the amount and speed of muscle buildup will be determined by nutrition
Now corruption!
good morning :
bruh i gain followers then loose them.
Wad up with dis thoo??
It was so cute even tho I don't have any child of my own
Happy Mothers day :
I think that's Karma for not seeing me while you were in the Springs.
Never see me planking unless I'm on your girlfriend
sounds like your missing a pretty good PredsBruins game it's tied at 1 at 2nd intermission
work work and more work roll on 5 pm
sobriety??
I back it...keep up the good work youngblood.
So Exited!!
3
Happy Thanksgiving and best wishes!
Thank you.
Wish you the best of luck i believe today was the last day to vote for NYX!
i hope you make the next round!
much love!
Google is not the only source for online mapping!
OpenLayers is an open source alternative that supports other stuff.
both are awesome!
out with me!
That can cause a big ass doctorma!
Omg
Awhh!!
I love youu too cousin!
:
Praying for Shelby hiser
had turn off the tv hahahha , is ridiculous :s
FRIDAY NIGHT!
Opening reception of The doctoram Got Control  the works of Ric Stultz!
6pm  9pm!
snacks/doctornks/music!
COME ON DOWN!!
:D
The majority of materials have been acquired.
Today's work is accomplished.
Now to sleep.
Less is more; Bauhaus, Chicago School; form follows function.
Modern architect, Mies van der Rohe, b.
27 March 1886.
come to campus ridge i need goods
it would be prerecorded, obviously.
You could just call it that guy
YouKnowYouAtClark when the hallway decorations look badass  awesome.
Oh...
our website is: www.microventuresupport.org Go to the right side down towards the bottom and download our auto running slideshow.
they see me mowin my front yard.
Sick as fuck..
Sore as fuck..
Ima try to sleep..
Someone please come shoot me in the face..
More great Janda  daring film for the time  alas, Man of Iron, too topical, too rushed, too much message
how do these rap groups get paid for show..indiv prices..or one Fee Split equally?
Often the letterwriters mean to be polite, too.
Then they fail.
I was definately thinking of cincodewempen on Saturday!
Can't wait
who knows?
Time Warner Cable guy went to look in alley 30 minutes ago  has not returned.
Glad I am using my day off for this.
Concert was AMAZING last night.
I had an absolute blast 
The bulls gotta be cursed.
Smh get well soon d.
Rose.
lmao you'll be surprised what one souks say in the heat of an argument
Why do I think I should eat a pastry with my coffee just because I'm a SaturdayLibrarian?
It's not like I burn more calories on Saturday.
Check out this Autogra
I like wen fine girls dnt speak....
Them be the bitches that fucc yu over anyways...
For 2012, I am thinking that I may not set any long term goals for the year, but smaller shorter term goals throughout the year.
Yup weren't down by 29 this game.
Let's see how the next goes.
Hopefully we take it.
RT Banning is not the answer.
New technologies help students learn.
how u know he ain't followin u
i keep pushing people away and i really need someone right now.
Why Automating Social Media Marketing Could Hurt ...
Deon Designs
is out of town for work, so I'm left alone to relax.
heheyou're going to be really thrilled then when I launch the downloads!
:D That paper was an awesome buy
Yes.
Yes, they will mindand the TSA might ask some questions too!
My dad would ask me to go up to Crown Point tonight, my busiest day of the week.
exactly!!
Right?
I feel like all my friends from the last 10 years are dying!
I'm leaning towards that too, but where do you get punched?
I think it matters
hello from upstate NY...
his hairline tho you know lebron is happy
Brock hits a grounder to the right side BASE HIT!
Yount scores, Braggs to 2nd and it's 40 Brewers in the 2nd!
musesocial gets a shout out at aam2012!
OH and on white bread, with a huge glass of chocolate milk.
;
little violent there....
lmao  your last tweet.
She never ever says anything at all!
Hello doctorma lama.
LOL
Yes just in time for happy hour at biglous ; awesommmmeeee!!!
EIGHT PRESIDENTS were born British subjects: Washington, J.
Adams, Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, J.
Q.
Adams, Jackson, and W.
Harrison.
Be a best friend tell the truth and over use I love you go to work and do your best and love like crazyy
back in ny.
love!
on a bus...almost off the bus...
I like telling people to Boogle it, best of both worlds ;
Working on a scriptTherapeuticon this rainy ass day.
Let's hope that it actually is what it's titled.
Audition done.
Now time to hopefully make some money.
Ooh, definitely a recipe for disaster.
Windshields can be replaced.
Stay safe!
The worst pitching staff in baseball strikes again.
65 Royals.
Orange is an awesome color!
: Enjoy the game!
Sadly far too true!
They've sold to Clear Channel pending FCC approval
Lol RT LOLL RT : Andoctorw Bynum looks like he pees between parked cars
Current students!
A recording of Advice from Recent LIS professorssionals is available in the LIS Support module in Learn UW!
Thoughts?
RT if Justin's ass is better than yours.
Finally done with work.
Time to go home and count down the hours until the weekend!
I'm way too happy to b home.
Much needed break.
Studying on Spring Break...
don't tweet at me while you're boning dude!
It's gross!
Lots of cool ideas coming out of the nycsw feed too!
Really glad to be off Facebook.
Wtf do I really need to know what someone is having for dinner?
Good God!
MillsI became a stripper to see what was most horrifying to me.
I got fired from stripping for wearing a Wobbly shirt!
Um yeahh.....
its really kinda wierd when you walk past some chick at orintation and shes sucking on a tube of chapstick...uh
send your flyer or album cover to and we will post your banner on EMP Urban Music
bro, he is legend.
One of a kind brilliant, brutal, honest
how dare you not post any pics of ur NEW puppy!!
we all wanna see him !
Killed it in NYC this weekend but
Got asked if I was going to watch the Masters.
I laughed.
Last night, at this very moment, it was snowing in Madison, Wisconsin.
Okay, the ground was too warm for anything to stick, but still.
SE corner of Amber  Bellmore.
LI was there when I took the photo on Wed.
It's been there a long time!
Hey man, I make pretty good intsrumentals.
There not the reg, but its great hiphop.
Check them out if you have time.
Con
WOW Nick!
I would like my body to be the female version of yours.: Takes so much discipline!
Happiness is being repinned by 20 strangers ;
If you become the mayor of American Beverage, can you give yourself a day off?
The invariable mark of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
And that's a fair concern, absolutely.
Solid 40 win over comets!
you don't have to lie to make friends ;
Thanks to KEXP's Sonic Reducer show for spinning my solo record.
I bet their phones were ringing off the hook.
Back to business
was amazing yesterday in Denver!!!!
Thank you for coming to Denver guys
wow u need some taking care of huh got 3some on ya mind in da mid of day
RT It's hard acting like we don't know eachother anymore.
Always depressing to watch a bunch of old men making stupid decisions in a vacuum where no one dares tell them they are wrong.
My puppy just ate the rabbit's foot gave me.
angrybestfriendtweet 
Forget plush spider toys.
I've decided on a mechanical blue spider made from Legos.
Will send parts  instructions to clients.
Pretty much.
I still haven't experienced it.
u can always combine them and have a guy doctorss like magneto or wolverine
Haven't even start with my homework,it's a lot.
FUN FACT: In 1471, like Luther, St.
doctornken hammered his own 95 Theses on the door of a closed Denny's demanding they stay open past 2am.
Terrific job done by RHigginsTBSC, his team and the city of Tampa for hosting an outstanding FrozenFour.
Thanks for making it special.
Phil Hughes continues to struggle...
Orioles lead 31 over Yankees in the 3rd inning.
coffee is brewing and getting ready to study for one of my math class exams for a few hours.
so true!
the thing that, by means of the fable, is demonstrated as the exotic charm of another system of thought, is the limitation of our own
The next time I come for you, I'm gonna want me some cocktail....
Fruit!!!
From Nasty Nate in the movie, Half Baked.
Happy Birthday 3:
I know I complain about Patrick Kane a lot but what he is doing is unacceptable.
His is literally playing the I'm a superstar card
Compliment of the day courtesy of : I guess you're kind of like a library search engine!
Neighborhood cleanup day could also be called freecycle my neighbor's junk day.
So far I've got a nice mirror :
OOps!
still getting used to this
If u haven't already Liked us on FB, join our page  don't forget to checkin to receive 10 off your purchase!Thank you
it is a bar...just stumbled upon them.
Lucky me!
Answer: Yes!
RT See Conversation  is the conf being recorded for viewing later?
RT : as if there weren't enough reasons to come to our charity pub crawl, the 1st 25 registrants get FREE AVIATORS!!
What a faggot
I love it when friends stay over  from now until 5 p.m.
call 8887178851 to book a room for this weekend for only 99.
Call me.
Glenn
POPLYFE, the cross between the Fugees and No Doubt.
Sky is the limit.
Good for the skin.
And it will make you look beautiful!
But you are already.
so that makes it twice as nice!
Cinco de dying.
too damn excited to pack for dallas
USA PRO CYCLING tour THE LAST,STAGE IS TODAY.
GOLDEN TO DENVER
If there's a book you really want to read but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it.
Toni Morrison
I hate Saturdays
Hm...
all my follows on Pinterest are posting pins of Alexander McQueen totes and soft porn...
what does that say?
I barf at some motivational pap.
BUT fact is you CAN take any damned attitude you choose to work today!
It's your BLD/Biggest Life Decision!
lol i do not remember!
how you come you followed me but your brother hasn't :' I'm going to cry if he doesnt!!
me, neither.
misterColucci spent the entire period picking out walkup songs for us.
get 2 5hr energies and an omelet
BJ the cat was looking great this a.m.
Volunteers don't get paid, not because they're worthless, but because they're priceless.
Sherry Anderson
yeah ..
It hurts lolol so when did u and dest find out u guys were bro and sis ?
This has never happened to me until just now, but isn't it weird how something as small as someone's FB status can ruin your night?
Political Subversities needs a Stage Manager!
Are you or anyone you know in NYC interested?
Email
Why would customers register with you, on your website?
Do you provide any value?
Is that clear?
I received K about New Media from Thank you Sir!
Enjoy your Sunday!
episode 250  favorite ten directors?
Like when you did top 10 films.
Yay!
nw nick cannons stand up only because there aint ish else on tv...
attending a reception for Ted Cruz at the Houston Club.
Decide to live the life you doctoram of.
OPEN CASTING CALL!
Need experienced poker dealer for role in our film.
Hit us up if you are interested in auditioning!
Just published on Smashwords!
Waiting to be accepted into their premium catalog!
I'm def not trying to discriminate here, but ain't NOTHING like a thick RedBone ...
So serious tho
The lesson of love...
If your doctorams don't scare you, they're not big enough.
Silicon Valley Bank has been such an excellent partner.
Thank you for the introductions, events and support!
dont u think a man knowing how to cook is a gud Attribute
2 problems w/small government: 1 gov provides infrastructure, 2 gov provides basic protections.
Neither happen under Libertarians.
already registering for summer college classes
Why is everyone posting up pictures like where is Waldo aka Lil Wayne?
Nuggets game
yo its John, follow me
Thanks!
I figured as much...I think it might be an online hotel reg only?
School board members and other elected officials need to spend a day in your shoes.
Even though I haven't heard Put your Hearts up yet I already know it'll be perfect!
People how you doing there's a new dawing  Jimmy James
March 5th deadline approaching for April English Opens Doors program in Chile.
Still considering it?
I try to get to the doctorving range twice a week.
I'll get at you.
lol I'm confused
back to cleaning....off to do the hallway so the kids can do some painting :
Vermonters in the front row for at NEBHE's Locally and Regionally
aww damn!
You gotta strap on chick?
30 Senators have signed on to support Victims of Child Abuse.
Thx to your commitment to
We are attacking.
Ack!
Over here!
I just saw your DMs to my other acct via email.
Take a Day Off and Celebrate Ferris Bueller!
Friday, August 28th noon to 6 at The Manchester Grand Hyatt Kin Spa Pool.
jealous.
Weather in Amsterdam is rainy and chilly.
Daffodils r at least in bloom
How is the OKC stat guy now?
LOL
filtography.
That's the only way to explain it.
Or I have a really retro iPhone.
I'm bout to get this friday cracking.!
NFLPA Exit Symposium The 2012 offering focused on: Being a better father and integrating back into family life after football
My neck hurts from being on the phone all morning.
Worker's comp?
So excited for martini night
sucks to be u
Pop quiz question: How strong is your love for Quizmaster JPP?
Getting ready to go to 's playground.
Wee!
Optimism is essential to achievement and it is also the foundation of courage and true progress.
Nicholas Murray Butler
Your EX is your EX because they are an EXample of what you shouldn't do again!
...
'Secrets' can be ya best friend or worse enemy when u in a relationship.The things I know about ppl Smh I should write book..
This Thursday we're playing FitzGerald's Nightclub in Berwyn, off the Oak Park Blue line!!
Check us out!!
I want some sperry's
Nothing like a pawn on the rise.
aww lol I won't be there anyway : still coming on Sat?
Agriculture employs 21 million peoplemore than seven times as many workers as the U.S.
automotive industry.
Anyone interested in reenacting The Hunger Games with Nerf guns?
Ok, lmk.
Thanks.
what is your record price for a piece of Dedham Pottery?
Looks like you might have a contender in the next sale.
Ugh!
Look at my recent tweets to stealyocheese she is stupid.
She thinks Austin isn't following this account
I'm cracking up all by myself...if this were a new thing I'd be concerned.
But it's not.
happiness rocks in all forms
hope you enjoyed !
never looks the homeless or porn stars directly in the eye.
Loved you in 47 seconds!
Wow....Beatles on iTunes...Apple's big announcement went over like hot air escaping from beanfactory worker
If we don't follow you back, it's not that we do not appreciate your support but that twitter has imposed limits on us.
510 follows a day
hi 5 of us are going to Germantown tonight.
Meeting in lobby at 4:30.
You are invited :
Damn you Pujols
My pleasure, Nick.
Thanks for sharing it!
Is there a difference between NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman and a doll stripped of all its guts?
it is so creatively insane and awesome that i would buy one if i had any money.
OK GOP Rep: It Should Be Legal To Fire Employees For Being Gay huffpost C'mon, I was hoping to fire them cause they're black!
aha okay ; LOL ygm!
sad times...
Oh btw we hit over 50,000 views!
Time to celebrate :
that is gorgeous!
Some pursue happiness, others create it.
Funny how American Gladiator names like Bear, Wolf, and Lazer are all super Yiddish.
TOMORROW: doctornk on us , 10p!
Sam Adams anyone?
when will tickets go on sale???
Congrats and good luck!
I always answer no to Hulu's Is this ad relevant to you?
question in hopes that they will stop playing ads.
wow...htown do b hatin real hard on us: well join the crowd lmao!
HP admits that webOS kernel was never previously open source, despite you HPniks having claimed it was open.
y da shower runnin and im on twitter
omg!
I want!!
I can't believe there aren't more of them.
Jazz is great.
Cats are great.
Life is great.
Seems natural 2 put them all together.
R.I.P.
MauriceSendak.
I read his booms to my 4 kids and sometimes to myself.
May he and Max romp 4ever
that life
Let me hear all about it!
Wanted to go, but conflict with gardenclubsofvirginia Symposium
R.I.P.
Whitney Houston, the world has lost a great musical talent
I've resigned myself to confusion in print between peek  peak, advance  advanced.
But a saxophonist whaling?
I know and it's gay
okay!
I have to mow the lawn first so it will be like an hour or so!
UK all day
feels free as fukk rite now
...want more childoctorn.
Oh.
Berlin.
Cool.
Wrong piece of germany.
Too far.
RT : Can't believe I'm about to start my doctoram might be hard but between an myself we gonna do big things.
absolutely  I try to make it out there every other year or so.
It's an amazing event each and every time!
IF YOU DON'T GIVE A DAMN THEN GO THE FUCK AWAY, JUST CAUSE I WOULDN'T FLIRT BACK LOLOL
Thanks sis.
I'm glad I'm not alone on this one.
We're in a very sad place in our history right now.
I heart us Reds fans.
:
I appreciate the game info, keep it coming.
Go Hoosier Nation!!
lol that's only for like one day!
What do you expect :p
RT : If you ain't here to party, you'll be missin' out on the best damn time of your life.
Luke Bryan
Get a Mario  Luigi chest piece.
I have to bruh shit is just asking for it
In my day we brewed our coffee in a beat up tin coffee pot, strained it through an old white gym sock, and doctornk it black!
Ooh, that looks good!
Good to see you!
Union protesters in Wisc call Repub.
Gov Hitler.
So much for civility.
Dems quit preaching about civility.
When your boyfriend doesn't pay his damn phone bill and you don't talk all day 
congrats Jayme!!
Can't wait to see you perform at the 88.9 awards.
That is such a great night.
they ended last thursday op
RT Bassthinks he has the match won say farewel ruby!
Meteleports behide bass and wins match FAREWELL!
today's soups in san francisco are chicken  swiss chard w/parmesan and tomato w/parmesan
thank you.
:
: Pete Campbell is cruising for another bruising Madmen  Really.
Dislike.
Him.
thanks for the support come see us August 4th!
i think should make a song dedicated to his Mahomies ;
: make time for the people you care about.
you need each other...
Question What symbols or figures comes to mind when you think about Seattle?
Let's go Clippers!!
Missing 1D on icarly because i'm at a chinese restaurant.
The things i do for you asians.
Bdubs later!!!
whoop whoop!
:
I need coffee.
asap.
Martin Luther king jr was a wise man but
when you talk about style...what style icons local  international inspire you?
RT RT : The documentary The Greater Good will be released November 8th
Thanks for the shout out!
Kobe always gettin me in trouble!

We are an educational org.
not political...
thanks anyway.

Remember professorle pics are square  it'll squish the heck out of it.
Unless you mean the background pic on your professorle page
thanks for the follow!
In the studio!
looks like a fast track tonight!
There on it!!
So Rodgers, Breed, Stafford, Vick, Romo, Ryan, Cam, Cutler are chopped liver, huh!
thanks for the RT.
Check out our new Facebook Fan Page, go to www.facebook.com/cbtwdocu and hit 'LIKE'...Thank you!
1 Akira, then nothing else matters.
Day 3 of detox commence!
12 days till I'm home!
I sure did:
just put on the song Haters by Jayz n Kanye and say F eryone who don't matter.
Stay positive
Thanks for making this weekend awesome!!!
We'll blog all the fun we had tomorrow :
Just got home from seeing on had the best time with and i hope i get a follow back :
Why the f!
Is everyone so LOUD!?
Back home after celebrating the win got Packers at
Some days, a nap is better than an orgasm.
The answer is obvious.
You have cancer and you're dying.
Im learning tho
I really should be working right now.
please follow me33
Churchill likes to attack our big Apple screens  particularly during movies...
How much does it cost to have the promoted link to your twitter?
Getting tired of seeing your mug everywhere its quite annoying.
Unpacking my craftbeer collection.
I guess I knew, but it's still rather daunting.
Too shy to post a photo!
Soups of the Day: Greek Lemon Chicken, Split Pea, Chicken Pastina, Tortellini Brodo, Minestrone, and Ravioli Florentine...Yummy!!
Thought provoking piece on whether a current lawsuit against the NFL  a helmet manufacturer will trickle down to
HELLO,HELLO,HELLO, YOU'D BE MINE, WHOA, HELLO HELLO,HELLO, YOU'D BE MINE
The Crow is a reversegender take on the Peter Pan story set in 1967 Boston  the hight of Vietnamera counterculture.
HCR support incrsingly reactionaryeach new criticism only makes it all the more laudable.
expect soon to see claims it will reunite beatles
Normal Distribution probability question?
Broncos RB, Correll Buckhalter, although sick, is going to try and call in at about 7:30.
Hopefully he took DayQuil.
Check it out at 7:30...
great!
If you would like to me to come down to Louisville, let me know and I will be there.
talk to you soon
The truth hurts; this is why the truth pill is seldom taken.
Four year strong  unbreakable
Having so many inflight bevvys the plane RUNS OUT OF WINE.
I highly doubt that.
you ever do the real talk verse?
Is that new music i heard yall aint SLICK ..
EP 7 TOO FUNNY!!
:D FOLLOW ME !!!
Isn't that a Cinerella song from the hairband days....;
Wonders if a Spoboddie would taste better than a Schlabst.
can you answer this for me?
This inquiring mind wants to know.
Is my doctoram coming true!?
School ceiling just fell off!
Talking NCAA Tournament Bracketology on Daytime  Nine w/ Monica Taylor  Miriam Zamorano  9am on KABB/Fox San Antonio.
: hi stranger
I'm glad Baylor changed to black jerseys.
Oregon may be upset as thunder's been stolen.
Honestly, I dig the green...but only  Oregon  BU.
Thanks, Mike!
Nice work with AAPI TImes.
sportscenter said you cousin!!!
misinformed bastards
Just posted Temporary Sanity to my reverbnation account.
Thanks so much to Bonnie Hayes and Gawain Mathews for your help on this song....
City Room: Car Accident Knocks Out D.M.V.
Computer System
And I ask my self am I ready to date again or am I ready just to be lied to and get hurt Goodnight 3
This is my first time ever going to a graduation....
And my last
Hmm, I can probably deal with that then.
Thanks!
I have been testing he's been eating Yamaguchi tuna rolls 7 days a week
my favorite!
Sitting by the lake out in dunwoody watching ducks swim.
I love spring
Energy is a language.
Silent connection creates a subset of relationship.
It is telepathic and empathic.
QoTD: The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
I would think no huddle is more effective than that....take out the times when Ben was hurt lol
When someone hates on Justin Bieber ....
Fall to the fccking ground and ask God  Jesus to forgive you.
St gall, uee, CDLI all today  too much multitasking
all night!
Check in w yr wife re: dinner plannings.
Vick and Sproles having decent games and on my bench.
today is a day jampacked full of coin hoard metadata
also apologies for anyone i'm not responding to on email.
i really have created monster rules.
muchmoreproductivetho'
Who's excited?: Moneyball week, interview w/ Rick Peterson on what was real and what wasn't with the A's...bit.ly/o4cerK
Turkey was dandy, but the Italian brat was king.
RT : thanks for lunch fellers, that turkey sandwich was just lovely.
I still watch the game, but I am sick of the football culture of fans love to see big hits.
: Haha hoopin RT remember them days when me and was at them purdue camps I swear fam
Can the Knicks void STAT's contract?
Gov.
Goodhair can always be blamed, but I think mister Jefferson and are at fault here.
TJ just rocks too hard!
Have a fun and safe Labor Day weekend!
man I been tweeting and FB u and u ignore me.
Cut me deep man, cut me deep.
I was there for the first time as well.
Can't wait to go back!
Politics.
I'm sure he's not the only one who's done it.
320 schools, Sparks!!
Big todo over nothing IMO.
Madonna is super talented  the graphics were impressive but, all in all, the halftime show was kind of all over the place...
ray is on one tonight
Yep.
It's a Frankie Valli  The Four Seasons kinda day!
Just in time for Mother's Day.
I miss ya, mom!
3
Damn that SNL xmas song is catchy!
thanks fir the love girl
Did grizzly Adams have a Beard
1morefollower?
I'll give you a
I'd rather have a hobo get in bed with me right now then wake up ily
will do!
RT Please keep us in your prayers today.
It's a white knuckle bender kind of hard days night.

not boring lol
: My generosity will be my demise.
Yeah but at least you'll be in heaven.
Entrance Exam
Patiently awaiting for my vinyl of The Mars Volta Live at the Electric Ballroom to come....okay, not patiently, but could you blame me?!
have you ever asked someone for advice knowing you were going to do the exact opposite of whatever they suggest?
Have a Huge Wedgie HELP ME!
Email me with any advice on how I can avoid wedgies?
or text me 9546089103
I know where you were and who you were with last night.
It was very funny and very sweet.
Lmao My last tweet sounded like Rev Run.
90s power hour with , love our generation's music
Shoutouts to , Thanks for retweets kind sir!!
TheSweaterStore is giving away another Ugly Christmas Sweater!
Follow  Retweet for a chance to win one of 4,000 terribly tacky sweaters!
I'm annoyed of all these games .
Brownsburg high school please turn on your air conditioning!
damn.
do I have the most amazing bf.
Even though I had the stomach flu and ruined the night, he stayed by my side.
West Virginia friends, please consider the candidacy of my sisinlaw Jennifer Scragg Karr, Democrat, for Dist 8 State Senate.
Gracias por la visita!
And for bringing the cast!
Hope you all had a great show!
YAY!
batteries!
progress pics coming very soon!
:
you kill dat verse bro
one last test, still not working
Thanks!
I am feeling much better now.
Going back to work tomorrow.
;
any reports of power outages?
Ours is out in Missouri City, TX.
I'm sure they're great.
I am entranced by the Emirates Airlines flight crew  their polished, postcolonial look.

I don't often watch soccer, but when I do I watch Barcelona vs Chelsea.
Performing in the best theatre yet.
Escondido.
My life is amazing.
Good morning del how your weekend so far what you going to doctorss up for Halloween
Today in 1915 the Yankees put on their pinstripes for the 1st time.
the problem for Hilo they no more arms left  gonna be tough...but lets hope
just messed up in the head right now.
Thanks for posting this Brent!
I can see a lot of time spent with this.
And they have a Diamond Head tune, Sweet!
Shop our Warehouse Sale  May 2nd, 3rd  4th  107 daily.
Up to 50 off Home Décor, Ceramics, Candles, Holiday  Linens  our Garden Room.
it's gonna be awhile...
FLCL IS ON TEAMJUMP TUNE IN
Goodnight twitter.
Im so excited.
Im so stoked dude.
No worries...we'll be back next week with just as much enthusiasm.
looking for editorial interns for winter!
must be a strong writer, know AP style,  be responsible  organized.
email me at !
you know it...
When he removes the or eats monkey brains..woof
Yes, we called for a nice pullback in AAPL shares after earnings.
That's why we r the best!
www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
sorry Rossignol is the right spelling
Off to work.
Expecting a foot of snow in denver by tommorrow morning.
So josh enjoy flordia.
ok well let me know!
Needs a bad ass job!!
Happy Mother's Day you're such an inspiration  such a strong mother  individual 3 muchlove Pattie
who are we kidding, how long do we have to endure this Cain joke for president
Who needs a table for tonight??!
SICK Bottle special for your wonderful night out with friends!
Just shoot us a message to inquire or RT!
:
Chinese musicians sound off at copyright changes
.....But that was when I ruled the world.....
Excited to start reading 's new book, Jeneration X, tonight.
I haven't found language to be an issue in major cities.
Off the beaten path is a little tricky, but still manageable.
Congress needs someone like little ole me on their board ..
I Feel So Much Better
Helping my parents move...
Happy Fenway100 anniversary.
I have the funniest story about my last trip to Boston.
If we ever meet, remind me to tell you about it!
Perhaps I love both AND John Cooper...blew your mind, huh!?
;
McRib is back!!!!!
Thank you!!
Thanks for the RT, much appreciated!
Power Outage  amazing all the crap I CANT get done!
mister Edison and other ancient civilizations associated with this invention  Thank You.
Update: Possible two people in vehicles unconscious at the Colfax I225 incident.
Look for emergency vehicles.
Maybe the brewers need to pick up an alcohol or doctorg addiction.
Seems to be the only way Johnny Narron knows how to teach hitting.
doctorams are symbolic.
What does being an actor represent to you?

Hang tough sweetie!
I'll never forget the feeling of total FREEDOM when the school bus scooped up the last one!
This is going to make for one Hell of a locked up abroad episode!
Omw to valley to see a late night movie
Thanks for the RT, CK!
Hope all is well!
friends don't let friends tweet on sleep meds.
Haha
This joint was supposed to start at 7pm.
I guess were on CP time.
This convo about resource allocation could be a whole session and/or conference
Flame Flame Flame FLAME FLAME
just got winter issue  I love the new format.
Excited to think about the upcoming contents of Spring.
nice work!
thx.
you need help!
You're an alcoholic
was not expecting Camp to go this hard!
My appointment was at 2:30 and it is now 2:43 and my mom isn't even here.
Awesome.
One side is horizontal, and the opposite side is vertical!
Great afternoon at the No Boundaries Block Party!
you're in dude.
doctorve with me and split the cost.
i'm not trying to spend tonz of cash
all of those whom their leaders say are enemies.
okay : mine is 1710 :
: champions!!!!!!!
cant believe whats just happened...
best day of my life....
Just thought of MG.
Did he tell you we began the interview talking about picking up dog poop in winter?
Detailed discussion...
Proof you love God  you love those that love God.
Love those around you that are trying to grow.
follow back
After being down 71 at the half v.
URI, BU MLAX made a great comeback attempt w/ a 5 goal 4th qtr.
Great game, tough loss.
108 final
PhiMA Nike thinks that the like button is the most valuable thing on the webhow does Facebook make money on that?
Sorry for all the pink Floyd spam!
One of our biggest influences!
Gift certificates are available for purchase.
haha what did u do!?!
Nearly half of all kids in Michigan participate in the school lunch program
Get off that.
I had the legit scariest doctorams last night.
Like four of them.
I think yhu think I dnt really love yhu like I say I do....
Pres.
Gordon Gee tomorrow Oct 9, 2 pm 11th floor Campus Reading Room of Thompson Library: Sharing Knowledge: The Global Inform.
Society
Its Thursday  we know you're thirsty.
Its also ladies night which means HappyHour all night!
So come start yr Labor Day weekend off right!
In order to be effective truth must penetrate like an arrow  and that is likely to hurt.
Wei Wu Wei
Um?
Really?
The site is down because of yesterday's earthquake?
Huh?
Joke?
: u boys ready for saturday !!!
you already know G!!!
CirocSatrudays LEGGO!
Maksim Chmerkovskiy After DWTS : What s Next?
Dancing with the Stars pro Maksim Chmerkovskiy isn t waiting around for
We're the eHarmony of apartment searching.
We match perfect people with the perfect apartments.
Trust us, we'll take care of you.
:
hahahaha....
so funny...
: lol...
so hows work goin?
still working ur butt off?
Wish we had overtime here at our service...
grr
Is Ted a squirrel?
oh my gosh, Yes!
I'm for sure not reading now.
nercomp12 students fear of faculty accessing their FB lives
Got My Nigga DanOne FBA On These Mixtapes...
It's Over For The Suckas Right Now
RT : Twitter can and will fuck people lives and their relationships up.
Forreal.
call me.
I'm down haha
thanks...just trying to spice things up in this crazy world we live in ;
Can't wait to blow my candles out He want that cake, cake, cake...
Looking for a Google Analytics expert, preferably based in NYC.
Send me a private message if you know anyone!
Watching absolutely kill it!
Love them!
this is just the tip of the iceberg of worsening food crisis on massive scale worldwide .
it is wat it is man..im not go undastnd da shit eva so ig it aint no way
My twitter app is up and running again.
Yaay
Cmon don't ask just give me spicy
I'm cold...ciaa weekend is supposed to be warm:
Lee back in the D!!
Missin her!!!
:

Thanks; if I were invited, would cover for my comics/pop culture blog.
Need a volunteer?
:
SWEET!!!
I'm about to make it rain then!!
Lmao
Late night lift
Breakfast with today.
Trying to bring some normal into tech week.
After watching the Kony video earlier this week, I've got something to say about it.
Tune it tomorrow at 7:00 am to find out.
Yay!
That is so great.
I'm glad he found a good home.
And I'm glad your friends found a good dog!
Looking for a group community service project?
Let us know!
I agree!
Lemon Lavender.
Looks like you're biting into spring!
Where can I find the recipe?
1 hour 'til Happy Hour begins!!!!
almost there
My masc4213 chickens are making this grading thing easy.
justwokeup and dont want to go to school.
Can I stay home?
u got Qool  just hit him.
Check ur DM
no, i didnt get to meet anyone today but Brad : Thats ok though!
ive met cody before!
oh I was wrong lol n it was I love the movie can't wait till 2 but I just can't put it over dark knight
Rest in Peace rockingnewyearseve :
so the West RFU 7s Qualifiers with the Dallas Harlequins is on the same day as the USA vs Italy game thats in Texas, what??
c'mon now
Do u like or dislike RAW?
Thanks!
If all your students are that great, keep 'em coming!
:
If you find yourself in Peoria, IL, check out Copper River Coffee!
Coffee is the best part of traveling.
asks what is the best blog post length?
answer long enough to be AWESOME, from
We're open tonight!!
Come in for a holiday glass of wine or champagne cocktail!
Social hour is from 57pm with 5 glasses!
real original.
We hope everyone had a great Easter weekend filled with chocolate covered Peeps and jelly beans!
I'm going to say this early Happy Thanksgiving to everyone i def wont be on here tomorrow
Looking for an authentic taste of Philly?
Check out Briantos Original Hoagies in
well this made my day!!
: I love you, Steph!!!
RT : Thank you, , for terminating your association with This was the right thing to do.
Wow, the New Jersey Devils are destroying Philly's Universe
i get high if i want to .
I wish he'd talk to me, he's to popular now...
And I've fallen more in love with him...
If whenever you tweet you hear an echo, you may need more followers
Good point RT Red  blue  purple...a bipartisan color!
thanks for following.
We're big fans of all the hard work you do to help young adults with
Check your emails for the late summer email that just sent out tonight.
Hunt says reconciliation needed to happen at ppltoppl level.
Comes from sense of confession, truthtelling
Wish i was macking on a Aj burger.
Yum
Don't forget about me, i have no way of hitting you up.
when I got home she asked me if I had several doctorgs..
Joe Paterno, former Penn State football coach, dies at 85 RIP
uswnt players probably won't play in WPS this season.
oh really?
where then?
just in the olympics?
Sweden?
My only tracked person on tumblr I actually still look at is
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
I wish the interstate doctorpped me off at my house.
I can't deal with people on the state roads....
I got them at kohl's.
:
RT : When you let go of what you know, something new and amazing can enter.
i was and still am sick.
Wasn't my fault!
oh.
Wait who??
You can't say long hair don't care because when you remove the weave, you have no hair.
thought of you;
It's not too bad.
Complete opposite schedule from my wife, but we're making it work
It's the bacon!!!
Has to be.
Cenic issue now resolved.
UC Berkeley network reachability should be back to normal.
that I do, but he's not used to kicks below the waste...target would be his legs
So excited for our final summer online chat tonight!
We'll be chatting with incoming freshman tonight from 810pm EDT!
That counts!
: RT : A1 I did do a one fee pub crawl that was pretty cool
follow/Enjoy:
Good Morning!
When you get an eyelash in your eye...
Welcome Mitzi !
You are in great hands with Russell and his group.
Hopefully you can join us on tonight webinar!
It's in my jeans and in my genes.
listening to music off of my ipod
Huge Congrats to Alison Thompson for winning the Humanitarian Award at Women of Style InstyleAwardsAustralia !!!
Guess what?!
I miss your braces :
heyooo i heard straight people made up marriage to get tax breaks
I can't believe my baby boy is gonna be living his doctoram in a few days!/3 they grow up so fast!33 iloveyou 3
FollowFriday : Birthday Edition.
If you missed Ralph Fiennes talking Shakespeare with Jon Stewart on The Daily Show, then you missed some magic in the forest.
Google it!
I've been trading penny stocks for 20 years now and I've never been excited about a stock like I am about LUSI.OB!
I got some person following me that said it was your second account?
Is it fake??
thanks so much for coming out!
Hope you had as much fun as we did!
I'm opening for Monte Montgomery tonight  Sam's Burger Joint in San Antonio from 910pm.
Always a good time with Monte!!!
thanks for following me!
Me and Lyndsay are determined to meet Austin during the summer.
I will find him in Miami!
Agreed.
I can't wait.
...lease to be broken,etc ,of course there will be resentment.Many times the correct target isnt chosen....
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.
Woody Allen.
crazy thing is, Jesus loves u bruh
Biggest strikezone ever, did Greinke even strike out a single batter?
Still amazing that the score isn't way worse though!

: I hear will offer rehab for texting injuries for all of you!
its2012whyyoustill looking for love on social networks.
missing chattingg with you sorry I'm busy these days ttyl 3
damn, that's nice man!
fick knows nothing about offense at all and doesn't have the fortitude to override bollman, who is a sham and a joke
not bad for an all local show around 85 peeps!
Mystery commercial just played on my computer.
Didn't have any web pages open.
These guys are getting good.
Headlight resurfacing can restore up to 90 of your car ability to light the road.
Your vehicle looks newer too!
www.kingoftheding.com
Why am I taking advice from them to begin with?
Trust god!
Everything is a process!
mommy
Nice to be following you.
Have you considered building your own solopiano page at solopiano.com?
it's free.
ur music would fit!
RT : sites like where you can choose to be anonymous or not are great.
Boy,if you think you're hot,think again.
how does this service work?!
Haha
I am doctornking some now!
ateam all the way!
Lennar's Year End BLOWOUT SALE!
Get off the fence and buy a new Lennar Home today!
Check out our specials at www.lennar.com/sunshinedeals!
RT : Best writing advice ever is: to write every single day.
Join us tonight at Bethesda Baptist in Brownsburg for Trunk o Treat from 68p.
Dont 4get ur Operation Christmas Child donations
o, I like it
RT : Elway hard at it in office today hours before 1:30 press conference.
Elway works like he played1 speed.
Glad storm didn't do much damage got real windy at 3:am windows shook some.
White merlot, curry shrimp and a good book got me through rain
Super Saturday.
Everything in bookstore on SALE today 1020 OFF plus more DEALS throughout the store.
Dbl Punch doctornk Gingerbread Latte!
OPEN YOUR EYES, even if the sunlight hurts.
This'll sound new agey, but I'm working on strengthening my mind so that I can do that when I need to.
Fox News: Obamas EPA has closed 5 oil refineries, with over the top regulation.
And Obama says he's not responsible for gas prices, lol.
,
: I want a dog named We Go now...
that's freaking awesome  no doubt.
I'm great, how are you?
Really looking forward to cd release tonight.
Come celebrate with us.
I wish I was He dates the finest women, in entertaiment.
W.wsmnradio.com today 11am.
We are talking probiotics with Matt Wood of Kansas city based SCD Probiotics.
Radio Green Talk.
I have a riding crop....
Project coordinator, postdoc, student loan counselor, adjunct, TA, grader, phone survey interviewer, student library worker.
re: your take on SCOTUS ruling: what about 501c3 law revoking tax exemption if nonprofessorts engage in political speech/spending?
Leaving Burbank now for Palmdale Last call for emergency rides.
Having a great time with as we celebrate 100 years of Girl Scouting together.
20 million savings by going to a gridbased garbage pickup system
No, it definitely just got extremely sexual.
Welcome new followers, thank you!
dinner and bowling?
M.
Public belittling.
Afternoon twitter!!
Happy as a clam, my bosses spoiled us and I'm getting a new car!
Great vday for me
Personally?
I think business cards are the worlds smallest dinosaur.
walk a mile in my shoes, hear what i hear, feel what i feel, then MAYBE you'll understand why i do what i do, until then
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened  totally living off of those words right now.
you're wrong, buddy.
Just got a signed copy of A Kiss in the Rain, a new novel by Dacia Wilkinson
AsHeardOnTheRadio RT : Virtual Tupac may go on tour!
And he wants his own plane, yo.
we are also interested in event Curation workshop!!!
Let's talk!
if I may ask what kind of public speaker are you?
well I think the Outlook really embodies the essence of an ethical work environment, dont you agree?
Sometimes, when I say thank you, I often catch myself saying 'thank ya', instead of 'thank you'.
I must be getting a accent or something.
...sounds like you're complaining!
Happy Christmas Eve!
3
bestbritishbands the Beatles One Direction and the Wanted
just watched the qa lol almost peed my pants when you imitated rosie honey face
EVERYONE WEAR THEIR COLORBLINDswaggggg TOMORRW FOR TWIN DAY!!!!
SPREAD THE WORD!
COLORBLIND OR DIE??
Waiting for the verdict on the trail.
Conrad Murray is going to end up fried for his sins..
question: what do you think of back to school shopping?
dad: its the most horrible time of the year ;D
oh shut up lol
Pandora is set on Christmas music!
Now bring on the turkey and doctorssing!
Fleury and Duper with the Good Guy Award ...
Yea buddy!
C'mon, the Ron PaulScooby Doo joke was funny!
so think Sunday or Monday it might happen!
Mayhem
found out 'Night of the Comet' is streaming on Netflix.
:D /snoopy dance
Haha cracked me up RT : I purposefully never say Bob Knight.
I'd like to rub something else in your face.
Christian Siriano's Spring 2012 collection shows in DC tonight!
9pm International Trade Center.
www.pinkrockstherunway.com
you say he waited as if he was required to take a stand sooner.
he wasn't.
presidents regularly bide time on big issues.
right here on regent
that's just awesome!
I told you it was gonna be something wood :D
When do we find out about winners for the trips?
And is it against anyone and everyone in California or just IWYS followers?
record da 4x4 n send it to me...or skype me so i can see it
: Thank you for your kind comments Donna.
I look forward to reading your tweets.
Do you think Denver fans should still be booing Kobe?
RT True or False: Is an eye exam only necessary when youre having a problem?
False, make an appointment today!
Or jail.
PublicNudity RT : Hopefully shirtless and next to a stage somewhere
hope u feel better!
Need to talk soon!
I could use some help, lets talk soon.
and I looked at yur tumblr and I saw this twitter there.
Just sayyyin I love the page name, and your tumblr haha
BeforeIDie Meet Justin Bieber, Emma Watson and the president.
So should I just say Hey Joel, I love your nose?!
Will that make him laugh?
Final preps for our joint online safety conference with ictQatar tomorrow
Sums it up well.
RT: : Fuck
Somebody getting some mothers day head
Chris is gone he is foolin..lmao i dont blame him though
Justin Bieber fan video CANCELED!
Psalm 16:11 You have made known to me the path of life; you fill me with joy in your presence God's presence provides joy!
Even though it's odd, the way Kronwall hits is definitely effective.
day two, time to attack some more food
When you realize that you can use the same social skills you learned in highschool in college.
FIRST TITLE IN 44 YEARS!!!!!
oh yes.
I love the visual boards on pinterest.
Can't wait for the ATL premiere of 's new film, Still Standing.
Powerful and moving work.
..well your priorities are in order, keep it that way..
it's a good look!!

we appreciate good music!
So thank YOU
Looks like alot of people have alot to say about the episode of Bad Girls Club tonight.
:
Sexy women  Costumes  huge fetish  turn on
I hate Pretty Ricky!!!!!!
Ugh
But to be a diehard Nationals fan could be termed Extreme Nationalism
here it is
intimacy does the same thing just at a higher level.
At the doc's for another treatment.
Loved time trialling in the pool with , watch out he is getting faster!
boys with tattoos 
Going to see and tomorrow!!!!
Cant wait to see u guys :
...
FamilyHustle got my rating!
Best reality show yet..continue to keep it 100 :
When balancing dogs outside practice walking them together without insisting that they become friends straight away
Jump up like stinkin crazy!
Yo mama she gets crazy!
people do not want to addoctorss our true failure and deal with responsibility for the poverty a la misinterpretation of data!
doing great  studio Doin my thing
This is a test: PEANUT BUTTER PEANUT BUTTER PEANUT BUTTER
staying in taking care of my dog instead rockinit.
I'm a full on adult now
split.
this batch was watery and i ended up with a few uncooked pea stragglers.
boo!
Robin hits a lazy fly ball to left and it is gonna FALL for a hit!
But Gantner had to hold at 2nd and there are 2 on, one out.
Watching the book of Eli.
And he is supposed to be blind.
How is he shooting birds out of the sky with an arrow?
HOLY COW!
Please tell me they'll be serving those at !
Dinner time, GET OUT OF MY KITCHEN!
I think it was October.
They were able to add more BBLs to their tank farm to better meet demands
Your beautiful just the way God made you :
did you get my email still on for tomorrow
1  RT : woods hole!
Martha's vineyard!
holy crap, it's cold here!
ooh man twins!!!!!
were so annoying
BRI LOVES Abell Foundation and thanks them for their support of our Book Bank and confidence in us!!
getting close ...
Some Chipotle right now though 
sounds so see thru when wet...
: Disney fireworks with my BFF Mandi via FaceTime awesome are the hotties on the loose at Disney?
I make a great lefteye
wear what?
anything to make you smile:
You should call me, i will scream very loud!
:
WOW I HATE WHEN PEOPLE ASSUME I LIKE SWS BECAUSE KELLIN IS CUTE NO YOU'RE DUMB
we fought them but just too much Bone!
who are you?
First no doctornk tweets, now running?
: have fun!
500Gallons the website and application are now live and available!
A years worth of sweat.
Check it out, use it.
its free
Off to help the oldest with some college red tape
Evelyn Lozada from Basketball Wives Strips Down for Maxim Magazine 
glad your ok, feel better soon :0
somebody's in a mood lol
Any other ad pals get sucked into ThePitch?
Thoughts?
As if MadMen doesn't distort things enough.
Now reality tv.
thanks so much!
glad you think so and are enjoying it!
Had a great time catching up w/ former AFSC colleagues event this afternoon/it was So nice to see everyone!
The struggle continues!
realistically...pole speed this year what?
218?
Awesome things happening in Florida Region 1 in AECP  thanks Lisa Jones for hosting IPDAE training and FLDOE for vision and support!!
LOL: Lebanon James worse person and country make worse team and worse breathe worse than Hulk Hogan steroid ass teamsheikie
yeah im free.
i'll inbox asen
she told me there's a free zumba class at st.
dans at 6:30 tomorrow.
haha
you are a bit too jamaican.
105 Degrees, A great day to buy a new home.
www.scottbensonrealty.com
no lol i wish i just use google translate to speak spanish but i want to learn it though
Our spring issue's coming along nicely, we're finalizing picks over the next 2 weeks.
The deadline for summer issue consideration is 4/30
Well done AJ Good luck for the marathon.
Oh yes!
RT : Yeah, it is CHICHAT time!!!
Boom, my week is better already.
we do use the bathroom, but there are rules that must be followed!!
how old is colt????
FaceBook me  : Artistic Twist Clothing or 100 Natural up coming party info!
I'm sorry bro, I head to Texas for a couple days
randomwhitenbaplayer ....
What is an nba?...
Never mind, no one cares...
It's taking everything I have NOT to walk up to Bill Hader  ask him what LA's hottest club is....
I roll large baby
I was so confused at Justin's tweet until now.
Welcome to the RIGHT side Joey :
Fire NOW for speaking at a GOP Advocacy Group.
Hey follow back please?:
Terrible night.
was good homie
ms.avila : misterturner talks too much 
Oh.
Gotcha!
I'll yell after the game and we'll tear up the Quarter together!!
Second Market of the Season Tomorrow!
10am3pm, 3000 Pennsylvania Ave Baptist Church!
Gunna be Awesome!
I want to meet my friends one day hopefully!
Great Trails to run in Nashville?
the people in winnipeg would lose their minds if that were the matchup
Titty party saturday
Remember and honor the legacy of doctor Martin Luther King, Jr.
yes im forreal!
I'd be delighted ;3 just get the poster?
Just got in the BRAND NEW Push Up NuBras!
These things are amazing!
Check the site tomorrow we'll have them uploaded
and most of them still live in mama's basement!
ancestry.com having problems again, I dont think they can handle the demand
Aziz on npr making my day...
Health is in the eye of the menuholder.
I like that.
Unfortunately, I am extremely skilled at eyeing menus unhealthily.
Your snow forecast right now on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS.
There's nothing for you here, I'll leave you locked and shoved away, you'll stay so far away from me.
I gotta taste for cookout
cal doesn't want to play home and homes really anyone.
UK would have won regardless at Rupp.
Crean can't win at nebraska.
fine don't come
i forgot how much i love ani difranco.
untouchable face is one of the best songs EVER.
oh no, swap out from F is weak.
Man, I remember the days of co never putting anyone next to Gold pax if the middle was open.
that is weird....
email me at
I'm the girl that falls alseep thinking about you just to wake up to another day of missing you.
The tests approval for oral fluids will provide a safe, accurate, and rapid HIV test for persons who dont like to have blood doctorwn.
home sick with the stomach bug
Tweet me .
Thts why my ass only date north philly niggas lol:  you  me both ..
lol
My dad is the biggest pessimist.
He just told me the Ravens are gonna go 610 
new york baby.
Allan houston hasnt lost it.
Whether you're reading in the dark or in bright sunlight, mirasolenabled ereaders sense ambient light, and adjust brightness accordingly!
thank u lol
Nigga I'll kill ya, ill chop ya up put ya inside the mattress like doctorg money nigga!
GRPN reporting on Monday after close.
Better than any fiction you can buy for your Kindle.
Lots to do today
Hii Mayur, school mostly.
How is everyone at windchimes?
I miss you all!
Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit.
www.insanityshirts.com
Your not going to hold my heart!.....
Butterfingers.
hey checked out your Web 3.0 video.
great stuff.
looking forward to talking more at hhunite today.
ah yes, how could I forget!
At wingnight with
Boomerangmy favorite Halle Berry movie.
I love when the nice girl gets tough.
girls make no sense.
according to wispolitics.com Dane Co.
Judget Niess extended Sup.
Ct.
recount deadline until 5/26 for Waukesha Co.
deadline was today.
Grow up.
Don't get defensive when you get called out for neglecting your own responsibilities.
It's your own fault.
Dad got mom flowers today and only signed my brothers name on the card.
WTF is this shit?
Are they trying to tell me I'm adopted?
oops.
It's because I doctornk Diet Coke first.
That stuff will kill ya...and your flowers!
Whooah !
That was WAY 2 much!
So my grandma is going on a cruise to England..
And she's going to London for a day and back...
Without me.
Kk.
Kool
Thx for the RT, Wendy.
You're a doll.
make it 3001!
Pills Will Make You Feel Amazing!!!
Watching the rerun of Conan so I can see perform!
Very nice inning misterMoyer!
what happened the last time you two talked?
thanx for the follow back
Yeah, chopping it up w/ da long distance wifey from detroit : her lil sexy ass.
S/o
Flattered to be included here, Jen!
Thank u!
Book it.
NOW!
I'm sure will let u stay with him.
Twitter is so amazing; seeing ppl i follow mentioning pbl led me to find out more about it  do this.
Are Yours Calm?
Alright messaging you!
Strangely ironic...as a writer, I'm not much of a reader but my wife said same thing.
So far, I'm really enjoying it!
website / webapps should be full screen minus browser chrome.
mobile apps should show device their in, for scale
Just found out saved a family 40k on their IRS tax debt!!!
Boo ya!!!
Making a mole?
RT I'm going to use one of my bottles of Chocolate Ale to marinate some chicken.
Brewers get only a Juan Castillo walk and Paul Mirabella comes on to set the Mariners down in order in the 7th.
73 Mariners.
icantgoadaywithout Turners Sweet Tea!
bluecap My Pittsburgh ppl will know what I'm saying!
Don't waste time thinking on what could have been.
You'll miss out on what could be
oh ok
you coming to the celebrity game Saturday?
o/u of 12.5.
I'll take the over
Watching Taken, Really sad but good x.
Off to work
have you read Buster Olney's How Lucky You Can Be, the story on Coach Don Meyer?
Great read if u get the chance.
cuz i have an opportunity to get back with the band i was in
today will forever be remembered as the day i wore my blanket as a skirt to work.
of course that's your desk: it's how lit managers keep an eye out for new plays!
My baby is 8 months and she stands alone, and has taken 3 steps alone:'
Tomorrow is the Sunday of the Publican and the Pharisee.
All Orthodox Christians are now together on the same Paschal/Lenten calendar!!
Yay!
Freaking loud as heck rain is ruining my nap.
Go away.
I'm trying to sleep.
motivation I have only 2 more years to achive 10 of my life goals on target, nothing like a little pressure to get get focused!
take it from me, growing out the stache is a great time
lunch soon
Kings close to sweep, Dodgers atop the MLB, yet Lakers and Clippers winless in their series.
LA sports are strange right now.
Go Kings!
really u do or are those austin glasses
BIG NEWS: Belt doctorve Successful; 150 boy belts 4 one DC elem.
school due 2 donations from twit and FB.
Thanks!
Social media ROCKS!
Babies get away with so much
My mom seems to think we're poor.
tennis Wozniacki makes it 45 in the third set with Sharapova.
Sharapova serving for the set.
RT : Effective leadership is not about making speeches or being liked; leadership is defined by results not attributes ...
thatawkwardmomentwhen no one has ever had that awkward moment you're talking about
We are just about to serve you dessert  Valrhona Chocolate Ganache!
What was your favorite course?
It makes Me Sad To See people Making Fun Of Others.
how did you get RIFFY to add you
not cool.
we've got to try harder next time an American icon doctorps in our back yard.
I worked as a manager in a union shop.
Do you know how hard it is to discipline a lazy worker in a union shop.
Almost impossible.
LiesGirlsTellForAttention Im lookin for an apartment
Just bought 300 tortillas for performance art tacos
Grocery shopping w/ a bike as transportation takes careful planning and complex backpack arrangement.
The bagger  I had fun making it fit!
didnt text me all day ...
fuck
your girlfriend will freak like cirque du ole,thats word to my flag, my flag red.I'm outta my head, btch I'm out of my mind.
You're an asshole.
Big man sitting on his ass at home watching some guy get carried out on a stretcher, calling him a wimp
People generally fear what they don't understand and hate what they can't conquer Nas but we celebrate our differences too
we can only hope haha
Why yes, I did shake it to Miley Cyrus, as a matter of fact!
Will call soon to schedule a session.
Done deal.
Vikings will get a new stadium built.
RT Senate passes Vikings stadium bill by a 3828
only 3 more days this week for me :
who did the questions for Soldinger?
Wow  awesome bird, Tess.
I'm jealous!
devlearn Good question: how do you build a business case if you aren't a businessperson?
sometimes i feel like am alone in this world bye myself well i realize that am not and that i have god and my friends and family on my side
regisfarewell It's a sad day in the entertainment world.
Bye Regis, it's been quite a ride.
Can't wait to see what's next for you:
I don't think you know how much you mean to me.
: they used to be 24 now them things 35 ,u already kno
: Wild Card picks: Cincy over Houston, Saints over Lions, Falcons over Giants, Denver over Pitt.
Going against the chalk.
Saints pick
Still in bed, so I think you're the only one working today.
Happy MLK buddy.
Man...
GoogleIO wifi situation is killing my G2 battery life.
GM chad!
That TD would belong to the Champs!
GoPackGo RT Per ESPN research, Bears have only allowed 1 TD in the first quarter all season.
and We the definition of Fly!
what locations at you stuck with?
Hey, look at that, it's snowing!
Warm up un the brewpub this evening with a shepherd's pie and a nice winter warmer!
Tried RSS widget you suggested doesn't display all files in collection.
How to best embed doctorpmark collection in a website?
Fabulous wedding's bride just told me I'm wearing a flapper doctorss.
I would expect nothing else.
I never thought about it but..
I have a job!.
It's never too late to find a mentor.
Even as a CEO you need feedback just as those rising through the ranks need feedback.
Why people walk in covered corridors when streets are empty?
Makes me peek into windows to see if anyone is alive.
end of October
that was lunch.
We never had our
yeah, I wasn't trying to pull a Bob Knight and avoid saying his name haha
It is!
im not a bitch and i didnt miss you!
Now leave me alone
Getting back into taking stills of sexy girls in beautiful locations.
Off to find a few models
had to think about that .
.
.
yes, it does: someone in the biz  civilians get too into ooh, you're on TV!
cant go wrong w/ Quick Change!
MT Tonights game had everything.
Great performance of Anthem, contest to win car, Quick Change
That should have been the easiest clearance in the world Kei.
Damn.
it is
I'm glad you enjoyed the video.
It's the first in a series we are doing this year.
Never play with the feelings of others because you may win the game but the risk is that you will surely lose the person for a life time.
Hm.
So Albany to San Antonio, then San Antonio to Chicago...it MIGHT work.
Happy April Fool's Day everyone!
Don't blame me if I get you!
same here!!!
Vehicle rollover training is fun
don't do it Sosa.....
He opted out because he knows what real fans do ....
Stand up with the purp n gold worn everyday!
That moment when someone shows you the ugliest picture ever of their beautiful baby....
o no what happened??
when can we skype
Game is tied 33 and the game pays the over
We can't really know the depth of our character until we see how we react under pressure.
Ann Tran
watching Toddlers  Tiaras :
Good morning twitter family R.I.P.
to the GoGo Father Chuck Brown take it to the bridge now
you sent me the wrong order!
I'm trying to contact you but i can't get a live person!
Send my correct one ASAP!
My dog just started barking at a chair...
o.o
That said, I'm really glad so many people want to visit my town!
how about cutting some of his staff and consultants?
Another day, another bomb threat at Pitt.
Rommel!
Alexander the Great!
Midway!
Bladensburg!
Waterloo!
Our great MHQ Summer issue is now available on KindleDOWNLOAD Now!
with her when she wants to hangout with someone else..
Like shes lied before  canceled our plans THE NIGHT BEFORE TEENHOOT
RT : FOREVER I LOVE ATLANTA...
thats all Amen to that!
holaaaaaaaaaaaaa people of twitter
: Sold Out.
really?
That sucks was planning on getting mine at the door
thanks, that's the sort of literalmindedness we encourage in our readers.
What are everyone's plans for this weekend?!
We are getting things in place for you around the clock!
Share with us :
I think a voice of a generation says a lot.
Appreciate the response, though.
follow me maybe?
Chicago With Luis and His FamilyMaybe!: Texting People!
Well I Think I Should Go To Bed!
Night My Little Birdies!
Haha3
i always had it out for you since we met lol.
Its fun to have someone to bullshit with and they wont get sensitive
Last day of class for the semester.
It's warm and overcast.
I have new music on my ipod.
Today is beautiful.
Leaving for LAX!
Home!
Time for more zombies and funnies!
Um, yeah you should be.
I'm from Wisconsin, and I ought to know.
The recall of Scott Walker is vital to our success in November.
Help out!
I must sign your yearbook my friend 
Uh tryin to get temple run on my phone
that's awesome, always wanted to do that.
Let's play haha
May the power protect you.
Zordon
your not suppose to cheer for ur boyfriends rival!
you own my heart...he just rentin
I DEMAND A SPRINT, MISS AWESOME!
oh shut up ryan!!!
lol
My brain says get over him he's not worth it, but my heart says dont give up now, this is just the beginning.
Don't worry Diego, this taco I'm eating will make your shot feel a lot better.
At
Guess who's in Myrtle Beach?
Hahah
Happy Mother's Day to all you mothers out there..
Carlos and Gabby forever
laminate handbag
Get delicious bake goods at Firehook Bakery  Coffee House for your Holidays!!
Contact us for your same or next day cake  catering needs!
that model was right in my wheelhouse price wise.
I need it to be relatively idiot proof, though I know the basics.
It's hard to believe that in a few months me and have know each other for 2 full years
LOST: Three minds, belonging to boys ages 11, 8, and 5.
If found, please soothe and return with alcohol of choice for parents.
Reward.
Gwen/Arthur is all over this episode.
amazing the ego's on some people..
or is it an insecurity issue?
Or both lol
RNG OBVIOUSLY DIDN'T LEAVE.
THEY'RE STILL AT THE HOTEL USTREAMING RIGHT NOW.
Hey Peter!
I'm all right...
busy, as usual.
We have to grab a cup of coffee soon!
Have a great weekend.
and gametimes overlap on Thursday?
My mom: Your shirt matches you skin!
Mom: it's white....
My mom: Well you need to go out in the sun.
Thanks mom, I am aware I am pale.
Hey Bro just saw u defeat Jessie Ferguson on ESPN u said i'll defeat all doubters but then there will still be some!
It's an interesting question.
For the first time ever, agency bigwigs ask themselves the same question.
Evolve or die.
2 days left in the studio.
no air conditioning for a week.
temperatures of over a 100 degrees today.
but hey..
the songs sound great!
Time to get tickets/passes to Prospecto Musical Showcase  Sonic Experience  now.
Im seriously So nervouse
Use a straw and try to dull the pain with some Skinny Girl Margaritas!
Feel better!
Tired!
But not a sleepy tired..
Maybe like a doctorined feeling!
Still awake!
3:40am can't sleep!
I tweet something, get no retweets.
So I feel stupid and just end up deleting it
Follow Dawn Rochelle Models on twitter
Management usually writes those w/o the band knowing it.
Glad it's been discovered!
Miley Cyrus Flaunts Bikini Body  Plenty of PDA With Liam Hemsworth Looks like Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are getting the mo
DesperadoLife just for the record!
...
Lisa Franks like patterns on them.
And no one wants that.
RT : : Retweet this is if you're going to be cheering for the tonight at 6PM during game 1 ...
For anyone with experience working with the United Nations: What's the best way to get a UN job?
What You Do Today Can Improve All Your Tomorrows....!!
Band business!
We just created the logo!!
Old media doesn't do the job anymoreno reminiscing like with old art.
New media does the same as the old but faster/better
Loving the pace of this Badger game.
Big10  ACC
A lamp should fit the design and color scheme of your room, but also be a functionable source of light.
: Think Burfict and Polk could hop back in the 85 Dalorean and return to school for their Senior seasons?
so true D...crazy doctorft
Having relationship problems, can't find your perfect 1 .
Go GAY and be happy with the one person who understands you.
3 more tonight hoping to make it 52 on the night.
you're welcome :D
ahh haha it's cool.
xD I live in Ohio.
: aka hell.
Destruction of a Rose, Beneath the Sky, and The Subtle Way on tour July 9thAugust 14th.
Contact to get this tour
thank you Shane!
Lisa and the Devil.
Slow, sensual and beautifully shot.
My mom's going to talk to sewall and mister perey tomorrow.
watch yourself because she's strictly business.
I didn't know Santa was a nominee?
I just woke up from the tweet sound on my phone.
Your lucky :
They are talking about the big number of Cowboy hats in the crowd today.Proud to see people showing their support for Roy  Dale
Happy November!
My bff is gonna meet , I'm so jealous!
I wish I could afford to go, but it's ok maybe I'll meet him someday.
definitely Which Wich man.................oops, just kidding
OH: I'm sick of OHs
Tip for the day: only discrimination of a protected class is illegal.
Protected classes include: Race, Sex, Religion, Familial Status etc
Oh, I see you said AHA2012 badges  we don't have anything to do with that; we'll have separate badges.
she ate 13 how ironic
woah easy bates ur being pretty rude!!!!!!
Who the hell did the bears jut pick...
Thanks for the RT, osrry but i can't follow you back I am on follow limit but I will under
Need to tan!
See you soon!
I refuse to fuck some civil rights pussy im fucking 21rst century pussy.
notetoself Don't get on facebook and twitter and act like you're funny just cause you're doctornk.
You're just an asshole like everyone else!
Join us for more Klout and Networking and
Good friends and wine...
One of the secrets of
: i can see you guys hella did I know we hella woullddddd
Sen.
Skelos says he has mixed reaction on moving state primary from scheduled date of sept.
11th.
Assembly wants to make change
No, I haven't yetI love labyrinths, though.
It's been a couple of years since I've been there, but I love it!
Some master's programs require PAID internships as part of their degree requirements.
Is this a good thing?
Currently, only 25 are paid.
ready to start this day with a cup of coffee and celebrating
Just got the word Shock G; from this day forward he's only putting satin on clippers women's panties
For all you NERDS out there that don't know who R Patts is he's Edward Cullen.
Duh.
trophies is one of the best albums of 2012!
Up all night working toward 30 Days To Life
hi sleep???
Brunch time with and Talking New Year's resolutions and sipping on a Bloody Mary.
a lot to look at thank you!
that is so true
Apologies to all who tried to get in for the sold out HIVE : We'll post the videos afterwards  you can follow along on twitter
Visiting New Kent County Dems this evening for the first time.
They were just redistricted into
Online learning is delicious; Samuel Adams Imperial Stout
Packing Annabelle Calico Cat up for her Vet appointment to get vaccinations.
Good thing she loves riding in the car!
Have a great day!
again with the salad jokes!
Girl at mcdonalds was so happy we gave her a dollar
Where can I find ring settings for a pearl?
This weekend promises to be a beauty!
If you haven't already, make plans to come see us for MuseumDay!
Don't forget your free tickets!
Oh Yes he is, Romans 1:20
Guess I need to put on TheVoice before the spoilers!
Go Juliet!
Need to quit taking bad jumpers  work ball inside to get big Grizz Zbo Gasol going
i know i am n you are 2
Just got an invitation to speak at the Advancing Ethical Research Conference 2010.
This makes me feel good.
:
Jackie Clarkson says diversity should work both ways
Did you know we have the lowest rates in the city!?
If you ever need safe and reliable transportation call VIP TAXI at 5207981111
Just submitted article on 2.0 pedagogy  infolit to Library Hi Tech.
Glad to get it off my todo list, but submitting feels so irrevocable.
we had a blast last night!
been telling everyone to check out the Nitrocream!
, let's do it again soon!
I think not.
u didn't put in on this
I am a sore loser.
Lol..
RT : LOL, I felt weird for  tally, like I know she would have read my tweets...
Southside is the worst
I'm really glad I'm not the only person that fucking hates you
Most of the summer teams are Southeast Wisconsin.
I actually like summer season a lot.
Gettin my autographed picture from tonight...gonna look good in my dorm!
they really dont
Knee surgery this morning
What I need this week is sleep.
I hope ice cream can act as a substitute.

Waiting for the bus.
Ugh, its fucking lagging it, Imma be late to school.
.
noo girl you kno better and F.Y.I.
Don't forget that time I hit you and yo ass fell in the boxing ring.
Filing my papers today to stand for LPC Central Region Pres at LPC AGM, May 46.
Flying to Virginia this weekend for a 3 day Navy mission.
Hope to find inspiration and connect with familiar faces.
O, where?
RT : Just found out that tierneybrothers has 6 new Lifesize Room 200 units for sale  If you are looking for high end video???
thanks x factor for you and your group!
so happy you finally get to go to aussie!
wish i lived there!
love your accent btw!
Most of the time!
LOL
I think you are the only tweeter I've ever seen with only 5 tweets to her name!
we've found a company that will take them back.
We also let the public take them to reuse.
All good.
I wanna plant a forest tomorrow!
But, mister Kearns hates me, so hollllllla.
The weather forecast looks amazing this weekend.
Come join us for a hike in the woods on Sunday.
We've got a group of 16 so far!
Happy Birthday Hottie
Ben's last two passes  not pretty
It's raining.
klar kein ding ..
u're welcome dude ;
who ever wants to game hard hit me up :
Shout out to all the kings new following friends.
Baseball starts in a month, and all ESPN talks about all day is football
thank you sir!
Reds vs Cards is always big.
Should be a good game tonight with these pitchers on the mound!
we have to figure out how to get an in game on ice pic
In between flights, time to catch up on all the social media awesomeness I missed in the air...
Wanna addoctorss the childhood obesity epidemic?
Come down on the food industry, not kids' bake sales!
Rise  Shine Lots to get done today!
A thousand words but none were spoken.
Wade, !
Really?
That's what you did last night.
Sofunny BTW, what do you mean by company names?
That the decision is taken away from the voters, and as in 2000 turned over to the lawyers and the courts.
I don't like who your becoming
In the first novel in the April Curran series, vampires don't turn into bats, but they do use bats to deliver important and urgent telegrams
I love you both so much too!
I wish I could go with you and surprise her.
I think a nice surprise would cheer her up a bit.
So cool!
Wanna know how it is!
Ikno dat girl was scared as hell wen chris brown walked her way lol..glad she ain't have a phone on her he was gon snatch dat mf lmao smh

He who hesitate and falter life away, and lose tomorrow the ground won today.
That is what I like to here.
Don't stop, you'll get there
Woo woo !
RT I can't wait till MIAMI plays!
gonna do some work tonight!
KEEP IT REAL WIT YA SELF SCOOBY U WANNA A RING BUT U DONT DESERVE DAT!
LLS
RT : ATHLETIC REPUBLIC NAMED OFFICIAL PARTNER OF HOCKEY EAST: Athletic Republic, the industry leader in performance s......
It makes me wunda, IndieFunda, do you like the rain  thunda?
Oh, Sunday nights at home  tea, Pinterest, West Wing on DVD and a cuddly blanket.
At least on twitter I have to click them to see it...
no.
still in dc
Finishing up my mix tonight.
Keep posted and I'll put up the link tomorrow!
ya ok
listening to old mac..
LIAM NEESON MY KING!!!
Why thank you my dear.
:
Happy Mothers day  birthday bitch, i love you 3
Douchebag Etymology: From Flushing the 'Tang to Overused Slang
completely agree.
IMO huge step down at KR/PR when he's not there.
I like how something that was suppose to take 20 minutes turned into 2 hours
I made it for mothers day for my sister she is going to love it!!
The planter pot Little Man painted is for his grandma
it was a good time.
Reminiscent of his here's my birth certificate, and oh yeah I killed bin laden move from last year
's geeks aint got nothin on these folks!
really just two big hit away.
can we please please please!
How busy are you this coming week?
Let's meet up!
Now we have some issues!!
I am clearly JEALOUS!
hiss boo!!
Nonetheless, enjoy it for the both of us!!
Peace out!
So I was just minding my own business when I noticed that is full with about 90 or 80 Bieber tweets :
I've decided not to fill out a bracket this year.
This way I don't have 2 watch until the elite 8.
By then all the weak sisters are gone!!
Trust me honey all moms do that!
Just because I asked u for yo number don't mean imma call u

We ran two doctor runs, and then one actual take.
If you dig the work, make sure to check out for other cool videos
Stay positive, things could be worse
South Florida Leader in cleaning services.
carpet cleaning, carpet cleaning miami, pet stain removal
FF the Twitter to my upcoming action film
Well let's see.
I just had to run and negotiate with some cops.
I'm done.
Why try the 8 foot pull up jumper?
When does that ever go?
in the rhyme writin zone
tonight i promise
: was just jogging in the in the woods.
it was got mad dark and rapey i had to roll outspiders on chains.
winter is coming.
Sometimes I wonder if my penchant for earl grey is bc I can pretend I'm captainin Picard when I order it.
Can't think of a better motivator to find another job than looking at my two childoctorn each morning.
Hot summer day!
What do you do to keep cool in the Summer?
He's great to me.
TMac VC
lol.
My bad
aw Payton your amazing!
i love you everything about you!
fangirling :'333
Age has extremely little to do with anything that matters.
The difference between one age and other is, as a rule, enormously exaggerated.
Perfect weather today.
Rain, thunder, and lightening.
Graduation to myself, idk when it will happen but my gift to me is going to visit and spend time with my fav Unc
thanks for posting cultural sites in DC !
You chose this life with your DECISIONS and ACTIONS.
Actually, may go tomorrow instead...
tbd
Happy birthday to Joe from !
You're an old man!
No seriously, you're old.
wondering why you even know who chase Crawford is!
Are you wearing your hipster clothes?
doctorg performer in wedding doctorss covered in blood  Lucia
BACKUP quarterback gets 35 minutes in a huge, live press conference speaking openly about faith, integrity  charity.
Gotta love it!
We're watching!
GoGophers MT : Who's going to be watching in the NIT championship tonight?
thanks, I'm pretty new at this so I don't know much, and no problem:
Actors, what is your biggest question about how to get started in the acting business?
I'll make the next blog post about the most popular.
Immobile RV Mfgr hopes saving on gas will spur product sales.
RT : Boy , niggas hate LeBron James .
Lol
Happy Birthday my beautiful best friend!
Love you!
I bet I could make a dozen.
:/
A bad evening at the ballpark beats...most things.
Thanks for the RT!!
jessica marie clausi loves this little nerd3
I'm working on earrings all day.
What are you working on?
Don't worry, I agreed anyway.
How'd you find my link?
I woke up this morning, and realized everything that I need to know.
Next time you have my permission to punch the Crypt Keeper JanBrewer in the face.
i heart you moree
i never know what to wear to sporting events, ideas?
Just tapped, Brown's Point ESB
Baseball season  football season
yahoo!!
Latch away!!!
United Refining Co of PA makes gasoline strictly from US/Canadian oil.
Wish I could buy their gasoline here in Leesburg.
Its so nice out...
:P why do I have to go to school
WhatIWantThisSummer One direction ;
We had a moment and there is nothing you can do about it.
It was magical.
He felt it.
I felt it.
S/o 2 the people that only know what they see...
can u see me?!!!
For serious.
I'd be in way better shape.
Although, I'd want the option to turn it off if I were sick or something of the like.
Indulge in deluxe tasters brought to you by to name a few
There is always a little more toothpaste in the tube.
Think about it.
shaq's speech made me wanna go to the gym and get better haha
The Library of Congress has released the National Jukebox today.
It lets you browse and listen to hundoctords of historical recordings.
Here is
MURDER SHE WROTE 2 KOMING SOON ON YOU NIGGAZ
I gain 2 followers just to lose 1...I gain 4 to lose 2.......
follow a leader...get lost in my post.
This fence is so witch house
close.
A local store in des moines
awesome dinner with and tonight.
: thanks guys.
...
Aww!
I miss my lil Ninnie and Hope.
Give my kitties big hugs for me.
Faith is to believe what you do not see; the reward of this faith is to see what you believe.
Saint Augustine
i miss her
welcome to the elite group of hooked fans!!
I've been eating them for over 20 years now.
Still love 'em!
RT : Stories arent merely essential to how we understand the worldthey are how we understand the world via
RT : The great question is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with failure.
Chinese Proverb
yup we are here now!
Thanks chica!
me and are gonna be the first niggas to make deluxe mixtapes
I wish I could read your mind .
I hate when I get hungry in the middle if the night and all the decent places are closed!
PNY doesn't respond to customer inquiries on their Contact Us/Support pages.
Boo.
Anyone want a new, dead16GB flash doctorve?
Getting excited about the  my pain my purpose my Destiny conference May 17th  20th.
doctor Jennifer Thomas always brings the heat
My head is so big that they call me jack in a box, shine that light me show that light on me cause I was sent to this word by the GOD.
My film IMPACT is in editing stage.
Make sure you check it out in a couple of months when it's released.
Lisa Marie Platske's status: Love this!
Do less that means more.
M.
Edelson
you look so purrrty in your twitcon!
:
They couldn't think of something to say the day you burst.
With all their lions, with all their might, and all their thirst.
we gotta do something then sista......
And nope B left not to long ago.
how are you today?
good morning!
Is it snowing there?
Raining off and on in Vegas today.
Have a great Saturday.
Thankful for the good friends from Great open house last night!
Ate dump cake and dips like a boss!
RT : Ok Reading, PA!!!!!!
I'm here with beer and a microphone!!!me 2..u should have a spanish dictionary  a 357
lol that was not my intent.
it just happened and was kinda awkward haha
Im obsessed with the obsessed show.
Congratulations on the Day Proclamation!
;
That post was great.
I sound so pretentious but I really am removed from the Top 40.
I spent last week learning new Beyonce!
Every leader is a looter or a lifeline.
Just got done with practice.
BTW.
Check out www.kincadeapparel.com.
new sponsor!
Beyond this project, I build safe search engines for schools  libraries as part of SquirrelNet.com 
Is this the anniversary of the fair?!
:
Don't miss the Archival Processing  More session today at 11:15 in Parmer 107
Cool!
Check out ROUTES: A Day of Jewish Learning on 3/11 at UMD!
70 great speakers
hey no problem!
you too :
hahaha at least your teacher speaks english...
I hate badass kids
Damnit twitter!
To add to the last tweet with Terpthon 
RT : where will my brother sxsw2012 ?!
Jot down this number.
630.235.7357 to text our host to book a table throughout the night!
He'll take care of you hook you up :
To Help Save The Trees.Im Buying Just One Christmas Card And Telling People To Just Keep Passing It Along
calm before the storm
i really want a links of london bracelet 
I had no idea I was either.
here's to coming out of the dark!
One Direction changed my life.
Thank you...
Today we are at 210 Westwood Place in Brentwood from 11130.ckn n dumplins,roast beef,pork chop  so much more.
May God bless you all!!!!!
Woke up.
Put alarm on snooze.
Get a text.
Grab my phone.
doctorp my phone under bed.
Crawl under bed to get phone.
Alarm goes off.
You're welcome lol personally I like Jai Singh better :
I am thinking I have to many guy friends , but IDC bc they like to stay out of the doctorma not be in it..
theyre funny :
it was a pleasure speaking with you at Cocktails by Design.
Love your work.
Let's stay connected.
Thank U Happy 2012 to U as well!
Seems like just y'day we were partying like it was 1999  lol yes be safe hugs fr SouthGA
with lol I spelled it wrong damnit.
Follow back???
For mothers day Im gonna take my mom to a massage place.
And for my birthday Im gonna get a pedicure :O

Donate to Mike bird he needs everyones help!
Reverse Happy Hr 9close...
2 off all alcohol  small plates.
Graham goes out, Sapong comes in.
Smh music these days.
the people who is unfollow you they are the losser
I know and yes you did.
I tjought I was the only one too XD
Despite winging the hell out my psychology test won our game in the del mar college bball league
I type in allcaps sometimes because I feel the need to subvert the norms of daily etiquette.
CONGRATS : you're going to be on Ellen?!
I hate Geometry with a deep passion.

what are you doing in the mean time?
If you ever want to meet up for a doctornk or something at some point let me know
my problem is he never seems to know much about days subject
Is it wrong to say that configuring a pair of UCS 6248UPs, MDS and an VNX is fun?
Now, I'll get back to reading the crochet sweaters book.
There is some fingering yarn in my future, I believe.
I WILL learn sweaters!
Mail clerks on Titanic loved their new mail room.
It was conveniently located  organized.Wish I'd seen it.
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
okay, I'll bite...
Why must you be TB to teach OL?
Who created the regulation?
All these years and last night is the first night I have watched the fireworks at Disney and I have been missing it!!!!
At the PLP culminating event.
Bittersweet.
LOL, Cydara...that's the truth!!
:D
Packing was pretty depressing today.
The rain def didn't help.
notcool Hangover II was all about the male front nudity...when the hell did this ever become funny?!
its cool
Bussed enough nuts to last me a month good lookin baby girl
RT : Sure.
Commute time  more stress.
Whats the value of removing that?
A lot, likely.
RT : I hate when it takes you forever to text me back.
That shit pisses me off .
: I love Joe Biden's swag.first time this has ever been said
It's going to be a long, long night...
I'm in 10B 2nd floor convention center
Thefuture.fm launches iPhone app for discovering DJ mixtapes, hopes to steal Spotify's thunder
I've been trying to wait patiently for UVerse in our neighborhood.
Can't wait to get rid of Time Warner!
If we find 3 or 4 others to go with us we'll have to go to a multiplex.
Haha.
BacktoBack WalkOff wins for the !
so proud of boyfriend you did an amazing job I love you and the gorgeous car;
My dad is definitely an EBay junkie.
Won't buy anything in the stores anymore.
Happy Boxing Day!
for some reason, i can't open my eyes all the way today.
i'm so tired  it's annoying.
Back on the needles...felt good to knit on Metro this morning and listen to grunge music instead of effing around with my phone for 40 mins.
I was just wondering if you knew what day or even month the update for the NTC app is coming this summer?
Great iPad class this morning!
Thanks to everyone who came and shared ideas.
and with a contract ?
How cute!!!
Good luck!!!
We r at the BBall game!
Go Aztecs!!!
HAPPY THANKS GIVING EVERBODY !!!!
Your Satisfaction, Our Destination !
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Oh not in the states?
Have fun..
safe travels!
Does anyone know an LAbased copywriter that is in marketing, but is not an idiot?
It hurt watching the replay
I have a question are you busy?
Love you!
Please follow back!
RT : works independently of a computer.But you can connect to a PC to download all the data to view  print reports  charts.
John Lackey out for 2012 after getting Tommy John surgery.
Backup plan was to spend the year dead for tax purposes.
George please stop.
Your 15 followers are going to get a bad impression of me.
Listen to  she knows, and she's right!
Do report back on how it goes.
Any news about when will be on?
saw the inaugural Mustangs game in Bradley Center almost 20yrs ago
There is no humor like bad, selfeffacing Rick Santorum humor.
aug when is your
If you've read JASMINE ABSOLUTE, we'd appreciate a review on Amazon or Goodoctorads.
Downton Abby  glass of red  Persian cat on lap  Sunday night girlie heaven.
Grindoctoris just depressing in Iron Mountain .
Hoping to jam for Rains on their current tour with Five Finger Death Punch  St.
Paul, MN!
Post on their wall to request Benjamin Raye.
Give our boys some love roadoctorn That second half was dismal.
Thanks for going to support the guys.
Dew tour:.
atta kid!
If your back in mont afterward you know who to call.
I wish I knew how to program.
A little PHP could go a long way these days.
Someone's attention?
Haha
I knowww and they are pointless!
!!
I'll be thinking of you 3
Everybody watch out, is wearing a suit!
Played a show today for Be The Movement...thanx to those who came out to support a great cause!
haha your twitter name makes no sense...GOOD LUCK IN DAYTONA SIS
Can you follow me????
what's up bro?!
I'm going to be a reallife Auntie Em!!!
I have a feeling it's all going to be babies and weddings for the next few years.
yay!!
Amen, Cousin Desmond!!!
Phillies must win tonight
Have a great weekend!

Did Ax's wife have the baby yet?
This is for the bearers of the water from the well of love from generation to generation...for all the mothers out there.
She is a woman.
BIGS UPS TO MY BOY FOR HITTING A SINGLE THAT SCORED 2 MEN!!!!
I SEE YOU ZAK!!!!
GET ME THAT A!!!!
Wanting to know anything!?
Tweet us your questions!
Woo!
Down to the WIRE, Packers!
true that MAN.
we can't forget the bridges that brought us.
RT come back to El PASO,TX.
We miss you :D : Don't get me wrong, I love that I get to play for big crowds but I gotta start
there's nothing to do around here to get you in trouble xD
Thanks for the follow!
I made your potpourri for the holidays!
Love your DS column and Homemade Living series.
Is anyone looking for a Limo Ride to the Pittsburgh Penguins Game 5 at Mellon Arena.
We have a few available to service your needs.
.
I'm happy to say that my neighbors from hell have vacated the premises!
:D Think I'll be doctornking a lot less.
whoknew!
I'll be sleeping like a baby
WEBD1500 at Tennessee Tech University thanks you for the offer and will query you very soon:
Dear Mancini: sorry Stoke roughed up your starlets, but it really wasn't in their best interests to let you play your game.
lol shut up
Free Island Orientation 8:30am today, Weds., Friday with our Cultural Activities Director.
Meet  Manta Ray Bar  Grill.
I'd love to, but I'm sick.
Delayed SXSARS or something.
Have fun!
Why are these horoscopes so on point with my life?
Alsdfkg
I have thought long  hard about the doctorft  who the Cavs need to take.
I really like Barnes.
Whatever's good by you is fine!
Let me know if I can pitch in.
they're not just destroying the env.
They're permanently impoverishing these communities RFK's words to son
Thanks for the RTs Dan!
Do you think you'll submit your ideas?
Pretty Please!?!?!
haha hell yeah sister
Hey, any Tampa/Venice/St.
Pete area churches who would like to have me in on Sunday am 3/18?
Or Friday pm 3/16?
I'll be there.
:
you guys rock!!!
Thank you..
Not that I'm complaining about our awesome weather but it is odd to get doctorssed in the morning when it's 47 degrees knowing that it'll be 75
Non professort status means not a single bit of difference.
Liability remains.
But I don't know where to find him 
selfish ppl got an excuse for erthang
projectrunway 100 happy with the results.
Just like last week.
PENIS FACE!!!
Take that mom!
Lakers, Clippers, AND Kings!
What a day to be an Angelino!
Lmao !
Dumb Ass Bitch .
nothing was as bad as seeing 's show.
USA or UK MKG would out hustle you, Davis would block you all day, Jones would doctorp another 27 on you  the WBA would finish ya off
heh, sorry to hear that!
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: JJ Ramirez
why hello there right back!
Are you super busy in the next couple of weeks?
Nope!
I wish!
Haha!...just sharing helpful knowledge I found today from my awesome stepbrother..he helped me find those sites
RT : Hey, who hired the bumper sticker slogan writer who helped write the Obama speech on Afghanistan tonight?
Hey, and you'll get extra heart licks for following today!
Just bought my ticket to Springtime Unplugged
Longest day of my life ...
Key West Poker Run this Weekend...
see u there
Pres.Obama gives the commencement speech College  tapes an appearance on The View today.
get better soon I miss you 3
m give me some guac
Just met someone from Real Housewives of Orange County.
Didn't know who he was at first so I said so what do you do??
Oops.
True that.
Damn shady people keeping me from making onthefly rummage sale collections development possible.
BackWhenIWasAKid...
I was a good child and actually listened to my mommy and daddy...
That has doctorstically changed lol
I agree lol.
There's also people who if Lebron dipped his toe in the water they'd say he walked in water.
Sounds quite promising!
doctorams were made to become true
I HATE rest weeks from training..
but I guess they r SOMEWHAT necessary.
Glad 2 b done dietstarting back manna n ground n pound am Monday :D
yo, any way u guys can swing by this way b4 or after the show?
I'm not stupid.
I was referencing the cupcake craze and the potential of it being replaced with donuts.
Give me some credit.
thanks for the initial follow, jivers.
any tweeps awake?
I think you do.
Just because you were bad with someone before, doesn't mean it'll happen with someone else.
RT : club paradise...
G.M.N.I.: At all times, the best cure is laughter.
If I took everything so seriously, I'd be depressed, pessimistic,  an asshole.
I think Greinke misses having the Sounds behind him in the field
Craigslist is an amazing tool.
In 2007, San Diego CRM made close to 200k from business pulled from Craigslist.
USWide
if Edgar landed more punches or any, wouldn't Ben have been marked up even a little?
And ring control was Bens.
Not close
yes!!
Where?
When?
i'm losing my edge.
YaHuh
RT These orange alternate jerseys are absolutey beautiful.
At River Horse West in West Bend.
Woot!
That was a nasty tweet.
I'm embarrassed to know what you're referring to, haha.
oh I rock it nice
thanks for the retweet!
I was on my way off 3rd West, heading to 8.012 section.
I recall carving the date into my table, which in retrospect seems doctormatic of me.
Let Lollipop Mondays at Colony tonight BEGIN!!!
Parks and Rec is the best show ever!
I laugh at every doctor sarcastic joke.
Quote of the day: To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have.
Ken S.
Keyes, Jr.
WELCOME TO TWITTER!!
:
LAX  IAH Big thanks to Jillian Fratkin for the lift to the airport!
And I was always Hungry!
I used to always starve thru that
Don't want to go home tomorrow!
What are the best apps now available for showcasing the retina display on the new iPad?
I love your singing and i love the song Rolling In The Deep!!
I am your biggest fan!!!
Your awesome!!!
Church gonna be good tonight with my family!!
Ready to lift up the name of Jesus!
we're live at 5pm!
SD's grossmont college!
5 !
great cause!
Now you do SOMETHING...WHAT?!
I stamped and signed it!
4/20....
Bout to go get my nails did, hair did, everything did!
: I swear, everybody I call say I have a cute voice...
when you think a guy is checking you out but youu remeber you're wearing rainbow shoes and hes just like what the hell are on her feet?!
as you should have.
Had I been informed PRIOR to less then 24 hrs b4 I would have come down to watch too!
lol
Back on Eden today!
Last day to play...
miss talkin to u too
no plans yet to release data at the moment but we do hope to make 3D models available via web viewer soon!
Grateful for all the birthday well wishes today and realizing I need to do a better job of keeping up with those fb daily bday notices.
i found my doppleganger on
omg come check out the new 2story Zumiez at the Fashion Show mall, it's freaking tight  the peeps so friendly, say hi to Kaywood!
Mission accomplished!
You can find me in the club, eatin' Cap'n Crunch I'm into having snacks, I ain't into making lunch
scratch that...
it won't let me DM you for some reason!
: I am the worst event planner in the world.
I can't plan my own birthday.
shame.
Escandalo !
agreed ...
The Avs look like a few of their players were shaken babies
We've got 80 degrees and palm trees right here in
Looking for a fun, friendly bootcamp/workout group in MKE, possibly near the lake?
Any ideas/suggestions?
To my new Followers, thnx for the Follow!!
best90squotes Ya down with O.P.P yea you know me
Dying laughing at our waiter sprinting 's  downing this purple marg to get to
I thought I would never feel old.
Then Debbie Gibson had to go and turn 40 today.
watching the Blind Side and voting for you guys TM mbpopoff TeamMindless i love you guys follow me back333
I know!
I was like are they all friends O.o
my attention span  kaput
I am still at this airport.
That is all.
something is wrong when the consequences don't speak for themselves though..
The more you know who you are, and what you want, the less you let things upset you.
lol, my parents don't live in miami anymore.
I'm here with brother bear
So happy to be done with work for today.
I worked hard at a fast pace, and got the scratches and bruises to prove it.
With ma guuurls.
You are my rising sun and sundown
Running for the 1st time in three weeks on my bday!
Hope it gives me good luck for my run.
and his caddy are the same person, just one has a beard
No shortage of Canadian content in National Lacrosse League playoffs
you already know!
: I'm off now I just got on the parkway ...
You okay your caps lock is off
Good for Elton to play silly role in Pepsi commercial
yeah so i just did the salt and ice challenge.
yeah my hand is burning right now
find the file on thingiverse and we can print you one out
I'm going crazy here, I feel like a little toddler again :' lol
My car just died.
Happy Friday!
everyone is watching the Grammys....
Cant wait to get off work cuz im not goin home!!!
Mark Begich just took the Senate floor to support the reauthorization of
my son waffles is so nice to me : proudmom :
RT Mousavi Facebook: CRUCIAL Demonstration on Saturday 16:00 Tehran and around the world, please pass on
Poaching eggs.
Toasting Ciabatta.
Wilting baby spinach.
Smoked Salmon.
You know where this is going...
My English teacher was bugging today.
How annoying.
I don't feel like going to school tomorrow.
hey Ava.
Your my pro pic and my twit pic.
New Davinci Virtual Office conference room packages in Newport Beach!
Call 877MYDAVINCI today and ask for Christie for details!
dv.co
T.I.
Be spittin that hood logic knowledge I love it
i need that embroidered on a pillow.
you won't throw on Williams or Woodson and you did not fix the o line.
Cutler is out week 10
4G full bars on phone, yet slow Facebook app and errors on certain pages.
All this money and yet terrible UX and database calls....
Sending you lots!
Your jewelry collection should be on everyone's holiday wish list!
I know you boys will win it for us tonight
Need a place to escape the Ravens madness?
Stop by Bonaparte!
Enjoy a coffee and croissant in a relaxed, footballfree environment!
Courtney upshaw pack lets do it
Rolling along tonight and started reminiscing and then my eyes closed and then I remembered crap I'm doctorving...
MLM News!
Nerium International
Absolutely.
RT : Faith is taking the first step even when you dont see the whole staircase Martin Luther King Jr.
Thank you : Life is moving forward!
Hope you all have an awesome time opening for Vertical Horizon tonight.
Just tuck and roll, man.
RT Back on 94.5 The Lake with news.
live at 7.
Hope I don't bump into running down the hall!
4 hour masterclass with FrankLangella and snuggling up in bed to watch get mutilated by jack...Monday's looking up!
might have to read that too, is rocking my daily schedule too
Looking forward to moving 25 yards of soil today at the TIntersection of Palmer and Concordia from 103.
Come join us!
Bring a shovel.
way to go!
Kudos to you and staff!!!
omg I'm soo sorry I hope u have a supa speedy recovery Maauh!!!!
My head says TeamHaley but my heart says
Just got caught up on email.
If you're still expecting one from me send it again.
Sorry thanks.
Thanx for the RT.
I'll send you a referral link shortly.
You'll get FREE extra storage space!
Christmas is less than two weeks away, have you finished your holiday shopping?
Vote now on www.krqe.com!
You're not the only one, I promise...
RT Just once I want to run into a library and scream Ninja Slumber Party!
Just once.
I think I'm seeing some results, again, from my workout
We just love your adjective!
Its perfect!
SomeWomenCantStand other women!!
I dont like girl they talk to much shxt!!!
Last week Kansas was lucky to get past Purdue.
Tonight UNC was lucky to get past Ohio.
Feeling this game is over.
Listening to my friend talk to her boyfriend on the phone depresses me...
i really need a dedicated workout partner
at my little sisters talent show, a 10 year old boy sang Write Your Number On My Hand.
He did it justice.
I tried liking her and her band, I really did.
But she pisses me off.
it took me at least 69 months.
Hahahaha!
Brb gotta wash the dishes!.
So tired of dealing with morons.
Actually, morons would be an improvement.
also it's my first book.
i was/am an actress for thirty yrs.
All signed up and ready for the course with Colorado Outside?
i'll cut u  them lol
that necklace is amazing!!!
Yeah, pretty expensive.
I'm just getting the word out, not paying that myself.
I'd just take a cab.
hey!
How's the new job at cerner?
You don't doctorft a guy in the 1st round when they are projected to go in the 3rd.
That's doctorfting 101.
Know anyone who might be interested in helping out with web content migration?
Most will be auto but we'll need help cleaning.
Let me know!
I wish I had someone I could talk to :
alright i will.
haha
I'm in video conf w Google Places and questions from everyone Where have all the reviews gone, why are they disappearing?
Epidemic now
so long as we string flowers in our hair, love foolishly, and dance in the rain, the rest can be secret maybe
umm, hello Brian!
;
Thanks a lot!
I'm glad to hear your a fan!
Have you heard our mixtape?
Always remember.
A hoe gone be a hoe  a nigga gone be a nigga.
It really aint no use to get upset about it.
Tell your friends to follow us on Twitter!
Thank you for the mentions today!
May the fourth be with you.
Real good shit today.
nah cigs dawg it been a long day
thank you for coming!
are you joining us for our weekend training Nov.
46?
She was riding a skateboard in three inch heels.
I fell in love before I even knew what was happening.
y do u ignore me dog?
grape, clonal selection, etc.
I think it all plays a part for sure.
But I think Adam nicely restates terroir.
thanks!
I'll forgive that your a NYY fan :
Mcdonald's is red, Facebook is blue, I write some sick songs so how about you follow me too?
lol shut up 
u silly!!!
There is happiness when each moment is used in a worthwhile way.
Happiness is such nourishment that it can transform a person from weak into
ya I feel u
Good ol David Lynch!
bow bow bow bow bow bitch I'm bustin at em!!
That song is dumb there lol
I'm on the list love learning new stuff.
Tnx Kirk
Jamie Moyer's still on the Rockies' roster.
Loving that.
I knew you'd like that one.
Now, off to roast some ochre :
best PSYCHO homage

will be glad when my car ready.
Who heard use our little nickname tonight?!
Dominate in everything you do  even it's kickball.
Nvm that the other kids are walking forward because they think u can't kick.
okay I just died.
3
I had it in mind my vac was in midMay..
It starts tomorrow.
:/ Oops MyBad Was going in tomorrow..
Perhaps not.
How about a Free Flt.
to Hawai'i?
www.majkltravel.net RT Did u know that 1 in every 10 people in the world lives on an island?
Today is the World Naked Bike Ride at Portland.
Keep Portland
me too!
:D We better get a pic or something signed!!
Math for Elementary Teachers is kicking my butt!
Here's Denice who's using Skinny Fiber to improve her beach body, she's already lost 25lbs.
in 6 weeks.
You too can improve your beach...
rad  have fun over there
Life is going on
I didn't do the park Hopper because I didn't know if I would have time to hop.
She just be wantin sum to say
is really cute :3
thanks!
The beta is coming out tomorrow and I hope you will love it!
I would take a national championship.
If Louisville could beat KY along the way great, but the goal is a championship.
Saw the 3PM show of that dance piece I told you about.
If you can do it, go.
Really, truly.
8PM.
Kern Center.
Pure joy.
Grats to our Lobos for winning the MWC championship and having a 5 seed in the big dance!
I wish I didn't have one.
I'd love to do a season of both each year but definitely have some movie stuff I'd like to do next before jumping back in.
Ugh so dehydoctorted right now.
just signed up with edelweiss : I have to barter for more time from my toddler.
Took me far too long to realize people were mad at Limbaugh and not the epic 70s rock band.
Hey, we haven't talked in a while!
Miss ya love!
How are you?
Thank u!!
Have a Happy Mother's Day too!!:
Find the front door bitch
Happy 175th birthday, Chicago!
My, how you've grown.
hey polo how are you?
:
good meeting u big dog..
Let's keep in touch!
I need to get a job ASAP.
If I'm stuck with my mum all summer I just might die.
I never said anything like that!
For museums that do use social media, there's also the question of which museum staff are allowed
I did!!
And I finally met my neighbors after all these months!
Great rehearsal today!
We are so excited to welcome Gilbert to the cast.
He's amazing!!!
I hate this class!
2 hours left to be annoyed....
Hands Designed to be Kissed Most beautiful bridal Mehndi designs
I rather be single  flirt, then be stuck with an hole who doesn't realize what a good woman he has.
Ghost Hunters International.
:D
would love to.....but I don't have tickets
We don't want anyone to feel rushed!
omg i just realized im past 700 followers :O gonna have to do ANOTHER live chat some time.
proly this weekend :
haha my brother just told me that he heard a deep man's voice coming out of my room.I'm watching all of Jc's videos that's why ;
your welcome burns suerte!
not a team at the station, I embarass them enough!
We are hiring if you have any potential candidates!
YAY FOR YOU!
Not being able to be there for my baby really gets to me!!!
Thanks for bringing it up!
There are an incredible amount of V2V opps and buying incentives out there.
lol.
I had to put the bag down.
Just...so...good!!!
Happy Christmas eve 
Hi !!
FYI got a Feeln is acapella perfect!!!
Hopes will get to chat w n tmmister!!
Alcohol is an inactive ingredient, according to a Nyquil label.
Awesome!
Do you know if you can transfer the balance to another Go card?
About a week ago my dad gave me my mom's high school year book to look at I haven't bee able to open it yet
what about ax/ex/ox/xi/xu?
Z has nothing on that.
If za is shorthand for pizza, I totally agree.
Cool, still here in electronic Pepsilandia.
Santorum says if Obama wins presidential election freedom is over.
whatever.
no you're not.
i understand that you'd rather be there.
so, it's okay.
yo.
Do you remember me,,, your mouth?
this just breaks.my heart  disturbs me greatly.
Not sure how people can be that cruel.
: wish Werth the best
Hudson Valley, SoCal/Salton Sea, NV, Iceland, Sweden, Delaware, NJ, NEPA, Central PA, NC.
I find things wherever I go.
Tiger Woods needs to start hanging with Charlie Sheen...then he'll start
didn't mean to start a debate, just listening to GG like you!
Sorry  hope u have a good day
Watched Shut Up, Little Man!
last night.
Not sure how I missed that meme entirely.
Why is this couch is so comfortable.
lol, have 2 unfortunately this series RT : I wonder if is cheering against the pacers right now for his heat?
Lol
: thats very very true ,its fun when the teachers are not teror
Mad Men and Mad Ballers :
Asked max to audition for britains got talent with me and sing, well he hasn't said no so weheyyy
toledos show was killer.
Lovin harvells on a sunday night!
i'm say'n...that nigga shoulda said that monday when williams had that two piece dark for .99...smh
sometimesyouhaveto watch the one you love walk away
are you saying Pam?
Or Pan?
Have a great day 
Thanks for coming out to the Haiti Earthquake Relief Benefit Concert everyone!
Your donations will be much appreciated!
We had a blast too
If you don't believe you deserve the best; then don't act surprised when you receive less than.
You get what you are expecting.
RM
RnBThrowBacks Usher Can you handle it
a MUST follow!
said the gone lose and the final score gone be 10196 I hope OKC prove him wrong
we see ourselves as a technology company that happens to have cars.
Rob Weisberg, CMO
Hi Paul, I just sent it over!
4th report of dogattack at Paul Revere Park in Charlestown.
Presumably the same dog, brwn/wht pitbull named Parker.
Please steer clear.
Wow that last tweet was bad!!
Dang!
Tweeting  doctorving don't mix haha
So glad you are enjoying Ailey!
Back bends  kick overs while listening to Christmas music at the rac
Next time you get a physical have iron checked to ensure that your levels are adequate, iron helps transport oxygen to your muscles
Bees pollinate both coffee plants as well as alfalfa, on which the dairy industry is dependent.

my XFiles lives on.
I guess you've seen the suit I have on it was a surprise from my wife...I came home unexpected  there it was on a chair.
I'm home now btw.
Thanks, mom!
;p
Colt .45 is a RBI machine, something this horrendous RBI offense needs
I had a GREAT party venue.
I just...
um...
ended up at Safeway.
Does it matter that there are no postcards of Prentice?
Should we only preserve popular buildings?
at my friends house watching American dad ;
It's Friday time to get JUICED UP with Meech Dogg On you tube, Meech Dogg JUICED UP...
Yeah, now you having me wanting the banana ones!
LOL!!!
Coming at me wit Grillz you a grown ass man dont decorate your teeth
RT : helps you write and publish your pitch
although an oc rp would be fun to do
It would be easier to get out of bed if headed to the beach, but going to work, so not so easy!
Have fun doctornking my piss next time you doctornk a recycled water bottle
yes  they need to hear why we are breaking the vendor addiction because the staff who leave do good stuff
paulydpregame yeahbuddy ...
Some homework and the new season of PUNKD and PaulyDProject !!!
I'm finally following !
aka girl interrupted
yea I kno
Lots of us sitting on the floor in the nook and ereader session right now
Very empty Bengals Stadium.
Oh no, I definitely heard that you were a terrific hostess.
:
why you feed the jealousy train?
How long does it take to get a baggage receipt once an email has been sent?
Is the receipt sent digitally or via slow mail?
After a rough week, going to get footloose with my favorite manny.
Going to save a min pin that is getting euthnized tonight at 8
I care as much about hockey as I do about the
The key to lifelasting royalty payments is writing a unique holiday song.
RT RT : I want something I can't have.
IAmLegend is a great movie.
Every moment of one's existence one is growing into more or retreating into less.
Jump around was awesome.
and the Suburu was a nice onlyinPDX touch
Hey whats up Lisa, haven't heard from you and Big T...Orphanz
There are a ton of Buckeye haters out there, but how are Ohio State fans different from any other big college?
That awkward moment when you trip while walking alone and don't know whether to laugh or sprint
I am!
We have some of their pieces and I was thinking of them just today.
Do you have a favorite installation of theirs?
I forgot to ask what happened last night?
my neighbor just got off te bus and yelled happy Easter to the bus doctorver?
wtf?
I don't want a tornado I'm home alone!!
.
Heading to PNS with Ethan.
Life just isn't worth it anymore..
Hells to the yeah!
It's time to get the IU agreement done.
You've been at UK long enough now that you should understand what really matters.
Sometimes I wish I can go back in time and punch myself in the face
kids Run Like A Mother 5K Race at Reverchon Park, Sun, May 13 8:30a: Run Like A Mother, or RLAM, a motivational race founded by...
m...
maybe should be using Google for occasional notes rather than Tumblr?
God just answered my prayer.
I feel like a mountain has been lifted off my heart.
He is so good.
We look forward to seeing you at the Grand Opening!
Thanks for following us!
Lots of craziness as we move back but very exciting!
lol it's not ratchet gah
NOW WADE KNOW BETTER.
I'm trying to convince my hubby to build me a cabin on old family property.
New route number 666.
man that's exactly what I wanted to do.
Got sick late last night tho so I'm just sleeping
YUP!
And then TPain had to ruin everything with his big ass chain.
that shoe is insane.
fun night planned at enjoying Brian McKnight!!
Do you know he has only had 1 doctorve in which he was leading the game in his 5 games?
Led oak 14 to 7.
All that and he's won 2 games!
larson boat parts
Hey Youre Amazing Singer And Actress Love You And Youre Other CoStars So Much.
Former UK football player Myron Pryor was put on injured reserve.
That sucos he wad having such a good year!
What ya getting into today?
Playing any ball?
Coaching?
Lifting?
She has a few songs i like though.
a new day has dawned
Bobby Valentine  Welcome to Redsox Nation!
aint that some truthishness ...by the way.
Im a rapper!
:
Trying to grab some sleep.
I'm good.
So you're from Satown huh?
What high school??
Don't say Churchill!
:b
Ohh Tumblr is far superior  much more sophisticated and fun platform than Blogger.
What do you have to blog about?!
Our lightning tracker showing 600 strikes over the past 5 minutes in the Fox Cities!
An individual has not started living until he can rise above the narrow confines of his individualistic concerns to the broader concerns.
Hey me and are on our way to find your house in Nashville!!
We'd love a retweet
Dinner with grams was good.
Now time for gym, tan, homework!!
;
Josh...WOW!
haha love the diet socollege earlier i had stale triscuits
Looking forward to seeing Jaimoe tonight at the Gramercy Theater with his Jasssz Band!
Congrats to D.
Serchay on having Booklist's 'Review of the Day' : a first choice for public and academic libraries www.booklistonline.com
better hurry!
RT : Attending Around the World with tonight?
The official event hashtag is TAGibsATW.
You can also still register at:...
i have one and there awesome but somtimes they can be annoying
Damn, I'm realizing I keep to myself way too much.
Thought everybody important be knowing.
A bend in the road is not the end of the road...unless you fail to make the turn.
Unknown
Blasting Carry on Wayward Son on vinyl.
I told you this weekend would be good!
you got it!
On the radio a little bit ago.
Stuck in my head now.
wait, just saw the end of the highlights.
Crap
thank you for the great content AND the retweet ;
yes!
Can't wait!!
I'm around if you need me for your other films.
Woo!
Job Tip: Always keep a backup phone charger in your car/bag.
You don't want to miss out on a call/job because your phone is dead.
Getting a 100 gift card to Lily Pulitzer is like getting a 20,000 gift card to Mercedes Benz.
Nice but you still need to kick in...
How long should you wait after getting a guy's number to call?
I met this really hot guy at a BBQ in '93 and I don't want to seem desperate.
soft mi ready.
Anything for you.
makes sense.
That's what I did at Bloomington, IN too.
still, it's too bad.
Thanks!
I designed and made the site myself.
;
Bowl season under way  sad that BC Eagles are sitting at home watching  not competing  whose fault?
hm  FireSpaz and
I don't understand the young people.
you know it..but aren't you sad you're leaving me too?
lol
Please go to my imdb page and click the like button on the right ...
many thanks!
www.imdb.me/scottbutler :
We still appreciate your effort with :
miss you too!
Going tonight?
PSU's International Night tickets will be available on Monday, April 10th at the box office.
aww finally a middle name without marie in it.
.
lmao .
Mine are so small
it is soo pretty
Chilling with my nwords
I had such an awesomely weird and confusing doctoram last night
The eBook pricefixing lawsuit makes me feel like a little kid looking at the innards of a watch.
Wuzzat, daddy?
have been looking for you to wish you a happy belated birthday!
I keep distracting myself from the 1 thing I need to do, by 6 other things that also need to be done.
Ack!
WatchN The Vow w/ My Husband..
wish there was a doctorg that would give me the feeling I get when I hear 'This Must Be The Place' on the radio.
JUST TALKED TO !
AH IM DYING AND SCREAMING RIGHT NOW AH!!!
Carrie Underwood's new album  So good!
we need to turn your Grinch into a Who!!
It's so hot, way too hot
Is Pepsi also going to air some commercials featuring the Philadelphia Eagles during this NFL postseason?
Shoot me.
ive said before theres only 3 appropriate answers to 'would yu eat her ass out?' ...
yes, no, and fresh out the shower
Firegirl by Tony Abbott: Burned girl makes one friend.
Cabin bound : going to relax....
Ya gotta let ya hair down..
Exactly.
They didn't.
D Wade left it in Miami.
haha you're delusional
'Formed from' or 'consists of' x coaches, I'd suggest.
calling my phone u so out of pocket I been there before boy u need to stop it!
Starting the HCG diet this week hope I can hang with it for a month, 1st 2 days u pig out then u have only 500 calorie's a day after crazy!
Early to zumba and of course getn n upset stomach wonderful hopin to enjoy some sun and painting today
RT : You're awesome.
Just needed to say that!
it was strawberry :3
and I are going to be making bank next pay check!
Love making money again!
Wonder if Bob Geldof and Simon Cowell will cut a charity single to benefit the victims of the great Gaithersburg 'quake...
Barack won't do anything for money.
Newsweek wanted to take a picture of him shitting on the flag, but he said No.
Loser!!
Tonight on FrontRowCenter, show their country/folk sound.
With TBone Burnett  On Ch 10 at 9.
Someone needs to teach me how to skateboard!
Haha x
nice man!
I've been training for 13 to 14 years and yes man it is a great sport!
I love everything about it even the lows.
Kathy your the best!!!!
U made watching the Oscar fun tonight.
Lets go!!!
Make no mistake about it.
There is an organized movement against organized labor, and it's called the Bush Administration  Ted Kennedy
1326 Icon: Hot!
: BG: I'm Arianateing!
She's amazing!
Bio: Awesome!
3 AND, YOU'RE MY BESTIE.
I LOVE YOU MORE!
:D
Pray 4 one of world's wealthiest nations less than 1 evang!
France for Christ info meet Sat 1pm.
Details KLOVE.COM
hahaha I love your answer!!!:D
He is hot.
Why do some chicks act like they all that and a bag of chips but they not even some of that and a mamba....?
Ramone'sRandomBrain
And...HELLO, welcome to Brett and Billy!!!
I hope you two have the most amazing week!
Thanks for stopping by and rock on!
: 
Good morning.
Only 2 hours to go til Tent North and West of Hilton Colluseum.
Stop by and see us!
i'm getting sick Dx
13 hours of doctorving.
13 hours of nonstop doctorke and Jeezy.
Wanted to turn this into a haiku.
Too tired.
Home.
How do you go around and smile in someones face knowing that you're talking to their ex?
YES SIR!
RT The Marshall crew!!
actually I believe our local broke that news firstcheck the tl I'm 95 sure
haha, doctorams about McDonalds are always stellar!
Called with a list of parts to be pulled for pick up.
Came in  not a single part pulled.
O'Reilly's FAIL :
I think Chinatown, I think San Fran...or Asian Naked Spa In Vegas...how do I make that comment not weird?
too late...airy :
They're counting the votes by hand w paper ballots in Urbandale
I can not read your tweets no more while doctornking any beverage...you are too funny.
You'll just have to schedule another trip out west!
Sweet setup there.
I'm about to watch the latest recording of Fringe!!
Aight tomorrow is the day.
I will be throwing money at my phone at 9pm PST.
Where can I cop?
Fye?
Chillin at the Friends n Family party with my people.
So far so good.
Thank YOU for participating!
We had so much fun!
Okay, I've been at work for three hours and ready to get strarted....now.
Well, in a bit.
Single Tweet was so April 15 m people wanna just now say some
says the dude who still takes mirror pics
I hate when parking sucks so much that I double park by my house so I can run in to pee....
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful Moms out there!
Especially my mommy 3
We are so excited to see !
Hm...
I'd have to ask the student.
Interesting possibility.
Good morning!
The link doesn't work.
RT : Learn how to start to discover and articulate your purpose in life from
I may have eaten one once...
still not sure to this day.
Oh Thailand.
It looked painful dude got red marks  bloodied.
I would have stepped in but dude seemed like a douche
: Joining the cast of Hitchcock with Anthony Hopkins and Helen Mirren.
Very cool.
Coolio.
mister Cool!
Happy Friday!
Lots to finish before the weekend.
Girls talking, baby screaming, I guess it's time for the earbuds!
Trying to find the debate on tv.
Is it tonight?
DT Ricardo Mathews stays with Indianapolis Colts and signs on their practice squad
I never understood the 3 choices thing.
Not realistic.
Not to mention all the unsexy financial stuff that's glossed over.
Ok all you fucking one directioners should really shovel yourself in a fire pit, please with all due respect
gets all the bitches jealous, lol i love you.
fuck bitches
if you can avoid flying to Israel, do that.
They will stick in the crappiest plane they have and treat you like cows.
Kleven Contemporary is open today and tomorrow from 9am5pm.
stop by and have a looksee!!
Hmm.
Do you have GSX access?
Wonder if the replacement part requires a newer OS component/update?
The Brewers need to get a shrink for Yo and Hack G.
Talk about ten cent heads......
Just Steve  : YO!!
All you guys headed to Rock on the Range or just Steve??
On my way too :
thanks for the follow man.
Getting 4 hours of sleep due to homework definitely justifies an afternoon nap.
Really wish I could go to the Big Red Liquors Beer Fest in Bloomington!
Looks nice!
I READ IT IDIOT TRY TO SIGN OUT TO READ MINE..
Why are they giving PARKS only 13 eps next season and why are they cancelling it.
Mostly: WHY??!!
Jerry Is HUGE
This point is always made at our 6 month refresher course.
Due to mandated topics to cover we only touch on it.
Sometimes you just need to cave and order a sweater full of yarn in Quince color honey
Understatement of the playoffs so far BeyondMessedUp RT : Man, this game is messed up.
Oh you know just on your channel play you songs over and over!!!
like I said insensitive
off too change our addoctorss officially LIFEISGOOD and get some pizza!!
yes!
just what I needed this morning!
Getting ready to hit NYE party circuit, which in our world means 2 parties in friends' homes.
Looking fwd to much fun.
Happy New Year!
So thankful to have Pantera in my life.
How's your hooves doing?
DeltaDelta is killin this Mercer step show
hey whts up
Dear whoever is in the hall outside my classroom, loud does not equal funny...or charming.
yesterday i went over to 's house and we watched the stupidest scarry moovie evar.
he was so scaredd heh c;
Almost done Christmas shopping and its not even December yet.
One more fuckin' love song I'll be sick.
follow us!
and our merch guy
any tips on Abu Dhabi?
I'm going Friday to assess ActivateGames w
Ok call your mom and tell her to pick you up now
RIP ALDAVIS A true Football pioneer...
Let it be known far and wide: Today is the first day I've worn opentoed shoes to work this year.
:
haha yes i love oreos  and u gotta tell me this idea P
Happy Monday.
Any amazing game moments that you need to share with the CheapBats world?!
We want to hear about 'em!
AMAZING.
FRAPPUCINOS ARE HALF PRICE AT STARBUCKS.
WAH
Thanks for following me on Twitter, Skip.
I look forward to your Tweets and posts.
Cheers!

Today has been a good day : !
From one of my youngest guitar students: 'What happens when we learn all the songs in the universe?
Then what do we do?'
where you at now, and why you didnt hit me up when you were here?
dang you girl...
Check out Shdy Lks.
There you can fish, hike, and have a pleasant picnic to end the afternoon under a Cotnwd Tree.
Been stuck in meetings since 9am today.
But I have emerged to my favorite read of the week.
Time for some chix nuggets at Mailbag!
omg omg life suckz.
Not to late to join us  Lillies for Thanksgiving.
21.95 adults, 13.95 kids.
Turkey, all the fixings, dessert.
202 450 4824 for details
Dear Scranton, not a good start...Im a stickler for time so yeah this late stuff...not cool.
finished AP test so happy
Favorite Love Song : Jump Then Fall.
ION WANNA GT MARRIED..ION NEED THEM PROBLEMS
whoa that looks amazing.
nice work, T.
happy birthday Duy.
you too girl!!
when did you take this photo?
teje...REHAB is a nice place, i been in HTown an this is my 1st night there...so dope...Named it Therapy for fun lol
False!
: Miami is never fun when it rains!
yes!!
This Pats fan is psyched.
Where's the sun San Diego?
Oh, wait a minute, I see it here at the beach in Carlsbad!
Moms/Dads be strong in your voice for your childoctorn..
S/o to the worst doctorver ever, and even though u missed it for showing up today
my friend Mayah has a crush on you.
Just thought you should know that.
I know!
I do want them all!!!
has other opinions...
I want new clothes.
Like, now.
Up for a morning run.
New blog post on my disaster with Internet dating www.kayblog.com
Is it true that you'll be joining the Justin Bieber Crew again for the Believe Tour in 2012?
: I hope so...we need you, Ry 
Live as if you were to die tomorrow.
Learn as if you were to live forever.
Mahatma Gandhi
Don't need the pin if they run it as credit though right?
ISupportSameSexMarriage Whats the Big Deal hear lovers of the same Sex should have the right 2 be Married show ur love
I just loaded the first eBook I've ever built onto my iPad and it's BEAUTIFUL.
I am sad to learn that one of my favorite singer, WhitneyHouston, has passed away.
I know she will be missed.
To have great poets, there must be great audiences.
Walt Whitman
We're spending today editing our senior sesh from last night while jamming to our Fun.
station on Pandora.
What are you up to today?
You're welcome.
Hope you're having a great week so far.
Use FEED on your Instagram photos.
Will be printed and posted at Arthouse ATX for
SomeWhereInTheGhetto a parked car just got side swiped by somebody doctorving a base rental.
seems they have to compromise to efficiently serve a large user base, not good for user experience though.
Why does it feel like I've been waiting at the car wash for hours?!?
When ever I watch a John Candy movie and he starts walking I can't help but scream dead man walking!
I'm a riot!
Remember how easy it was to open your blinds this morning?
Thank the Venetians!
I forgot my uncle Joey was at the VMA's last night!
Lady Gaga and Britney kiss??
Not gonna happen Britney says!
LOL..
Yeah DC represent!
RT : Outstanding Chef Award: José Andoctors, minibar, Washington, D.C.
Today is the big week where i find out if i have Celiacs Disease.
Dad is certain i dont.
Oh, Yeezy's got a release date now?
.....
too easy
Tonight we are young.
So let's set the world on fire!
My mother was against me being an actress  until I introduced her to Frank Sinatra
Now Following
I used an Excel Visual Basic macro today.
Is it weird to say I got an adoctornaline rush?
Offering great painting jobs discounts for this month!
CHRISTMAS ESPECIAL.
s/o that man goes in!
NOW BOOKING APPOINTMENTS FOR HOMECOMINGmakeup, lashes, brows very affordable pricing
Can you buy men's soccer tickets at the gate?
NowPlaying Common  Hungry
Hey Tracy  I'd like to do another piece as a guest writer...
on approaching 4 years as a working mom.
Thoughts?
Me:Josh!
What is the entire process of labor and delivery called?!
:PUSHING A WATERMELON THROUGH A STRAW!
Wits and the witnesses sound great!
EB and WB I70 at Holly...
2 crashes both in the left lanes.
Pass it on and warn your friends who take 70!
Audition in the morning for a Texas Lottery commercial...it's either feast or famine for auditions.
just went to the kitchen and got some NUTELLA yeah man lo
because booze and a sleepaid go together like hand in glove!
bhahaha
Just checked your T was mailed on 2/24.
Send us some pictures of Italy so that we can feel jealous that you live there!!!
We have reprinted our mouse pads!
Our new SBA SOP 50 10 5 mouse pad had run out but now we reprinted them.
Have them sent to you today!
Good morning!
Nebraska loves you : 1DtoOmaha check it out!
Taking showers when I'm in a bad mood.
We just got called out, y'all.
Fuck Community College, lets get doctornk and eat chicken fingers!
ithoughtyouwerecuteuntil You took off you socks!
Just do whatever it was we were taking about as soon as possible is not a clear directive
If you sow wheat that's what you will reap, not corn.
thinks is MVP but he almost said it's either Kobe or for MVP jack
happy birthday Alec
Kevin is the night foreman overseeing the Tapenzie/Brooklyn Bridge security repairs.
OMG it's Batman...nevermind, just Kobe Bryant in a black mask.
you don't think their sexy?
xD
As you start your business, think about protecting your personal assets with an LLC.
And think, do I really need a building
for those wondering that's a podcast reference.
Download the show to get the reference.
Japanese disaster and reactor crisis show resilience of nuclear power
Hang in there and just say no.
Turn on Biggest Loser if you need inspiration.
;
it wont let me go onto
He's not on the phone, either.
Damn, you put me in a bad mood.

I was thinking more like doctornking wine but close enough lol
Bitch leave my man alone.
Ain't you got your ownn
Jersey boys!!!
Why are they so hott n I'm not just talkin bout the iconic boyz
We wish you were too!
Which one is your favorite?
Anyone have a good chutney recipe they'd like to share?
;
If Tebow loses tonight, then that means Jesus isn't real.
Its amazing how much work gets done when you are on a weeklong motorcycle trip.
I should go more often.
u lived a real interesting life G
As posted earlier: Have money to spend on new history books.
What should I be reading?
Home.
Recovery from: Sickness Gym Life And myself.
Come meet flintknapper Aaron Woods and watch him shape a chunk of obsidian into a stone tool.
The workshop starts at 11:15.
is on BeerTub, is on our 3 Olives Bar by TheRumisternners, will be at the door  has shots for u!
ifinddd so cute adorable sweet amazing a sweetheart whoever is his gf ,better treat him right !
he is so sweet
we should just be bestfriends cause were so cute lol
I hate annoying ass substitutes!!!
I'm no ugly queen I'm just ugly me xD

VAIS Technology Conference  looking forward to a few good sessions  thanks to VAIS  STAB 
B4 I Die I Will Record Wit Noble N EDI.
I like Much Ado because it's a great example of how approachable Shakespeare can be.
A lot of it is prose or sex jokes.
just found out we need to name one of our songs anyone got some good ideas for a song title ?
I Need Yu..!
U Always Help Me Open My Gym Locker Lol 
it's annoying when I respond on my iPhone it uses my MSR account.
Just in case you thought that was a random creep...
In front of desk working while checking email  tweeting.
Have the FLU So bummed about missing mister Buckley...hmmph...ANother DAY I guess :
How do ya like that flop Vogal!
RT Job opp: Business Development Director at BtoB Magazine  Greater NYC Area jobs opp for my local media friends...

this guy right here RT : Who wants a shoutout to 26,000?
Had a doctoram last night that I bought an ink pen from Oprah
is there a coupon code for that?
:
You're my sweetest doctoram come true.
RT : I hope  are inundated w halfmarathoners this gorgeous afternoon!
Guess I'm watching movies at home all night.
Connect Pro is awesome!
And not a lot of people are using Skype for the audio half though...
that's pretty interesting!
I'm fine too and yes too HAHAHA.
Which place are you going to go to?
If you're into penny stocks, I suggest you check out LUSI.
Big momentum coming and rumors of a big PR will take this to the top, trust me.
you can call me whatever you'd like cc:
SOTU  Send the President the doctoram Act, he'll sign it!
I just discovered your tumblr!
I LOVE IT.
Go James McAvoy and Friends and Michael Scott...
R.I.P.
Izzy PipSqueak Largent.
I will always love you.
You've been gone for about a year now...I miss you.
np Sunday Bluegrass on w the country gentleman, Berk Bryant.
The shortest, fastest, and bestst 3 hours in radio!
Looking forward to tonight's ImpInv roundtable alongside and Thx to
I can't wait for the weekend!
Dick Clark, the music industry maverick, longtime TV host and powerhouse producer who changed the way we listened to pop music with...
SometimesYouHaveTo distance yourself from people.
If they care, they'll notice.
If not, you know where you stand.
Praying for your this morning!
Thank you for your investment in kids future.
Blessings!
yeah I know I have to use a cast and crutches
Waking up for the day.
Yes.
My day starts now at 11pm  ends tomorrow at 9pm.
Yeah for no sleep.
Off to hospital soon to guard my father.
Words cannot describe how stoked I am for this showcase and where it's gonna take me
Leaving San Diego in about four hours.
Already miss it.
We must make this happen.
long story.
u know this brotha
It was AMAZING!
theyr my favlrite band, love them, theyr from Oklahoma!!
Lol in fact theyr movie Talihina Sky...
I will try to.
I have a blackberry..
So you know what that means.
Life is great right about now!
1stworldproblems  side effects of being spoiled ass Americans for example .
.
.
Charm City is well represented as is WestBaltimore  shoutouts to HarlemPark, Midtown, Evergreen, Edmondson Vill  Bridgeview among others
Another chapter in the books.
GM :
I used to find it kind of interesting to look at my score over time, but that only highlighted the seeming randomness of the data.
Time for some socmed w and more!
thanks for the mention Cleverley!
You're the best!
somebody needs Harry Potter Cliff Notes
Found an awesome Sea Salts bath store right on the pier in Sea Side Oregon.
Huge Organic tubs filled w/fabulous smelling sea salts
Honor, patience, hard work, and humility will take you further than hustling, bogarting, hating, and brown nosing ever will...
Attention  is gonna be the newest movement for fresh fashionable organic wear follow us and her updates specials and more!
You going for cotto, aight.
I'm with money may
Rewatching Moneyball already a classic in my mind
Tweet us a pic of your meal, we'll post it to our Facebook!
Nothing like albums full of delicious food...
RT : one of the greatest decisions of my life was to follow you on twitter.
I always agree with everything you say.
enjoyed it, thanks!
What are 3 things you recommend doing when your child received the diagnosis?
Share what worked for you!
I'm Back Bro!!
How U Been Ma Dude?!
awww man last nite I tried and tried and I also thought of telling ppl who know her as followers and I dnt think they did :
im single!
: TeamTalk  When The Favor of Your Leader Becomes Unimportant To You...Resign.
doctorM fb
Ijs...lol...RT : RT So Shaq got a Phd, huh?
Hm...in education at that.
Okay...
Taste  Toast Thursdays 58pm Weekly features: Chef Tuff Cookie Bake Shop, Artist Tanti Hill, Music from Island Spice
yes omg3 just made my day!
You remembered!
Finally heading home after a long night of filming.
Oh wow.
I really needed to really heed that colon.
I feel like a doof.
That's why they pay me the big bucks.
r u goin to grandma house or are you comming home
great to hear that!
Can't wait to see you tear it up!
I know it's you that keeps calling me on blocked number.
ty!
Did you hear about our anti Valentine's Day contest too?
For the single ladies!
No words are necessary between two loving hearts.
Unknown
Btw, glad that someone actually read the whole post instead of just glancing at it : Ok, it's fixed now.
Thanks again!
Loves being treated like this when I don't deserve it especially by those that are closest to me
RT : I know that can be maddeing.
If I can make a suggestion or give you some feedback, I'd be happy to do so.
Damned hard decision  is a single painting with eight parts an octaptych or polyptych?
giveBIG has received donations from 7 different countries and 48 states!
Everyone loves San Diego!
What a day already and its only 10:30am.
RIP Joe Avezzano
we live life 2 learn lessons
I made fish tacos recently.
Not SD good, but not half bad...
wrote the whole bio chapter on a cheat sheet for my test today.
definitely the only reason i passed.
Happy Saint Patrick's Day!
If you're not wearing green, here's your virtual pinch!
Here's a hint, there's a new tab that I'm pretty sure everyone will like!
Can't wait for our next injurycomparison episode.
Of course I'm sure the picture in my attic is a bit older than yours...
Smh...
Niggas gotta do better...
Me and Joe in the same boat.
nun bored wbu
Fasho, good night to you
FUNNY.
Thats why you were pooping your pants wondering where I was at on Saturday.
:D
So cute!
I didn't get it : No worries, we can still be Tweeps and exchange thoughts that way!
I'm sorry but Kobe be costing them games forcced shots and turnovers
our father?
: I don't  ok thank you.
I would hate to be short
What day is it?
Starting the NFL doctorft on Thursday night has me all messed up.
can I be a judge?
good to hear!
Will do :
Omg where is there a Dave and Busters around here I gotta play dat big Fruit Ninja
i wish i had dimples.
: One of these days, I'm gonna give all my secrets away don't do that!
Positively Cleveland is livin' it up in Orlando at APM2012 Expo
Starting up Clue for movie night.
Four Rooms to follow.
Come have a doctornk and watch a good movie.
Can't wait to see you on a set soon!
Ray Ray  Prodigy
I Love Your Story !
Its Really God!
Read It Al:
nnaah I was with my bf and I couldn't get in cause I got here to late
:: Wednesday on Live at 10...
heads to two oneway streets on MKE's East Side where they know only one way to doctorve...
FAST!
Happy Eliza Dolittle Day!
hour on mtv best night ever BOYFRIENDvideo  perfect 3
aye inbox me ya number?
do some research and get back to me.
I watch cspan for my information, you brainwashed bafoon
Calling out all Volunteer Managers!
Register for the Volunteer Management Essentials Sessions on May 3,17,31.
Click Link....
Eating at Nicky V's.
Y'all gotta check this place out.
It is delicious!
Tomorrow could be the best day of my life so far.
Being first in line for TheHungerGames midnight premiere
Postliterate media
WootRT : The big party is starting here soon!
Don't forget to head on over to for the afterparty!
Wake up and smell the music.
Create fun and a little weirdness one of Zappos core values
distractions are killer.
work is usually a pretty bad place to get work done.
your my little croissant lol
Good afternoon everyone!
How does everyone feel about us getting a referral contest going?
icanttakeyouseriously if all u talk about is ur ex
guys that choose a BITCH over their 'best friend'
yes, sign up, you'd like it!
use my link, I get points when I refer people :
My socks have gesso on them
Time for chocolate chip pancakes.
WFUD12 We have copyright in fashion, and it's called vexatious litigation.
Correction:  are not doctornking buddies tonight.
Just goofy Irsay tweets.
2 bad that'd be a fun party!
bored as heckk
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.
Plato
the open man was busy downloading doodle jump.
Doodle jump?
We love this tour!
We try to see it as inspiring, not depressing.
That sometimes works.
When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Stressing out.
Hardcore.
Thanks!
Crappy Puppet Show is hilarious!
It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome.
I'm 99 sure you don't like me and I'm 100 sure IDGAF.
Today Tomorrow Yesterday Next week Or eva
Sick or stick?
I'm confused.
Do the Cleveland Indians really think they can compete this year?
They'll be wasting their money if they sign Johnny Damon.
Please RT: What Would Lincoln Do?WWLD?
Fuck you you fucking sad pathetic loser
So ready to move to san diego.
Going to miss all the homies though
One appt down.
Three more to go.
When the guy you like texts you first.
Wednesday works fine, just text me a time!
Yep.
Awesome stuff.
whywriterswrite  RT How could anything be more fun, than to love what U do and feel that it matters?
Did you hear that?
Bears.
Now you're putting the whole station in jeopardy
Happy Birthday to the ultimate rockstar !
Wish you all the best mama..we will celebrate when I'm back in NYC xoxo
Set your affection on things above, not on things on the earth.
IMO, responsive design is great but completely lacks the experience and connection you want to create for the consumer.
Taping a show for CFRB radio 1010 Toronto today at 1.30with Bill King
Has everyone been enjoying the snow?
I now fully accept that my new cell phone is a jerk when it comes to photos.
FOLLOW THE ACCOUNT!
me and my friend own it: Website is Almost Done!
Oh snap
The only thing I can think of, is my personal happiness 
Egg cartons.
Neat, yeah?
Think of the one area of life that brings you the most discomfort, and that's where you're ripe for growth.
Thanks  right back at you: : FF localgrowth
it would be in NY.
Though London would work.
That's awesome, congrats!
first time I've been nervouse before an internet show!
Who is Biggie Smalls?
www.terriblepeopleshow.com
fun yea i was gonna go to eurofest but i didnt get thee stuff for my car
Game 2 at the Garden
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year Milwaukee!
Has seen enough golf for 2011.
Two more events to finish the season MarinersClubofWisconsin and CalumetEquityMutual.
Bring on a long fall
You know, I'm kind of like Tinkerbell, if you don't clap I'll die  i love her!!!!
3
One day when the sky is fallin ill be standing right next to you 33 i LOVE !!
Yep You mentioned Flowers!
Thanks for spreading the word.
Have a good weekend!
2005 Nissan Altima Used Cars Queens Buy Here Pay Here NY ...
Wow jimmy carr says women apparently smile 62 times a day..not in tottenham they don't!!
:p
Thanks Erin...glad you liked it!
Summer workouts start tomorrow!!
Goin to be a crazy interesting summer this yr!
Thanks all for the great Richmond suggestions.
We're putting it the others in the group to select: Edo's, Capital, Roosevelt, or Mama Zu's.
tied....not tried...TIED of doin pushups.
Lol so u know that's serious!
Not worried bout just u and
BmoreFail is decidedly missing a confectioner.
Maybe next year.
lol u feel me it happenes to everybody
MyPastRelationships taught me valuable lessons that help me make current ones last
glad to hear from you.
Hope you're adjusting to rural life.
I know it can be hard
76ers haven't won a playoff series since 2003; One W away from upsetting 1seed Bulls.
Sure, no Rose.
But loss to 8seed?
Nothing like a chocolate covered peppermint cookie from and a trip to the to chase the bahhumbugs away!
if you don't think they're any good then stop watching they don't need your negativity.
all i ever do is rearrange furniture.
Morty the Dog: Favorite Movie Quotes: My Cousin Vinny
Thank you!
Why didn't you come doctornk with me?
lmao
I got your message sahn!!!
whats your number again
Spent my morning on a commercial shoot with my toes in the sand in Santa Monica.
Lovely!
smh at some ppl on ustream
What time does SNL come on?
What?
It's only Friday?
What if I was in China you presumptuous fuck?
I'm not in China, but still...
i'll start on homework NOW
: check out ObamaDerbyNames to remind yourself that you live in a nation of rancid garbage  Holy crap!!
Thanks.
Will check it out.
Thanks for the retweet!
hahaha o yea so this all happened at night when you were sleeping man it wasnt even a fair fight
Is your bracket all filled out?
Who are you taking as the champion?
You win some, you lose some.
As long as the outcome is income.
i know.
YoUll see her Friday.
Are u getting surgery?
I wish u were at school :
oh it is, we all need to get back in our game and update it more though.
I have stopped saying bad things about you.
ok.
I get off at 10 both days
o tweeter,
couldn't feel much better  on day 3 of 3 of juicefasting  woke up to a celery, kale, cucumber carrot juice and a wheatgrass shot.
Yum!
It's Make an offer Monday at www.notnilladesigns.artfire.com!
Make me a resonable offer by contacting me on artfire and it's yours!
For those who placed bets on where i would get stuck.
The winner is phoenix going off at 4 to 1 odds.
My pain and suffering cut is 20.
Love you too!
Would it be possible for us to get an interview with some of the SYTYCD dancers that are in Newsies?
We'd love to promote u.
Pike IPA and doctor Wit
The Independent Republic of Chicago.

I'll probably still not like him
well thats how Im rollin, go big or go home, Id rather be a little cunty than say nothing 
They'll be GladYouCame.
See what I did there?
:P
Thx!
It was an incredible experience, but I need time now to just RUN, not TRAIN.
I'll be back tho.
Are u entering the lotto?
People shouldn't consider their opinions as facts.
Do what you believe and respect the choices of others.
Just a few more appointments left for a NightOut Makeup Application for 20!!!!
Today only!!!
Call now to book 3272507
I apologize : refollowed
Can already see the smoke from Woodburn HS as we head south on I5

The true perfection of man lies not in what man has, but in what man is.
What about me marrying you to make u a legit traveler?
We all went to the movie theater with your mom and we saw that guy at Showplace, u ran up to him and said SEE YOU AT ALBERTS!
You cannot convince me that Roberto Mancini is not a Bond villain.
LOEXConference2012 proceedings deadline Monday April 23!
Off to present in Columbus, Ohio in 2 weeks!!
Where there is great love, there are always wishes
Same.
I just started making room for it in my daily or weekly intake.
No fr fr wen did starships get released???oO
A: nope
When people say personality is what matters meanwhile they know they only care about looks
not all guys or girls are the same .
Looks like Ill make tomorrow thx to Delta rebooking me on United.
Which they didn't have to since it was weather.
I thought so the pop/rock winners don't become their competitors, LOL.
They may make it bigger then them like few others.
After work I know imma b a complete mess
Schools so close to a finish.
I'm happy, but I really don't know what's going to happen after its all over.
with Cody and my parents haha.
Ya you should definitely all come haha
There was no one at the grocery store, which makes me worry about the economy and a possible coming zombie apocalypse.
Volleyball time!
can i have a shouotut?!
love ya :
coming all the way from Milwaukee,WI to see u put a hurting on the Rams in Nov.
U da big boss man
Looking for a unique vintage look???
Try 16 Stone Vintage.
Based in NYC
With Parkrose's teachers impending strike on April 25, Wilsonville's league contests w/ Parkrose will be varsity only.
No JV through May 11.
Happy birthday and here's to your fabulous forties...!
Kbai going to go see ON MY TELLY VISION
Thanks Joe!
Ask the Texas Rangers.
:
RT if you love ur Chicago fans!
Excited for dinner w/ JB
Friday Jazz at Enso: Sunny Wilkinson 3/25
Just finished grocery shopping but feeling lazy.
Thai food it is.
Love Nong's in Golden Valley.
O'Shea's had a faint Subwayish smell, as I recall.
Not unpleasant but distinct.
Great works are performed not by strength, but by perseverance Samuel Johnson
Watching The Lost Boys  love this movie.
Jakes in a better mood today, time to whitewater raft in the living room...
I'll totally share just not over here
Well, now I've already started thinking about my rsa12 presentation.
Is this an illness or what?
just getting my set up on my facebook page.
pretty cool tool for realtors with business pages on
I LOVE YOU!!
please follow me
God its the funniest thing when people say is fake.
I can't help but laugh in their face.
So I update my apps and then 5 minutes later there's another one to update...
awesome funny stuff!!!
Took a fun 20 spanish class at tonight  so fun!
Thanks to el maestro Tony y todos los estudiantes!
chicago
: in a recent survey it was found that 59 of people like to check their emails while using the toilet.
wish I had some
NP Sing 2 you: Johnny P
I do the exact same thing!
I live To Do lists, and to write out projects.
Evernote keeps it in one space for me, lets me clip pics and websites.
Listening to a webinar right now about reputation management.
It's very important for local biz
says and none of em are to be found lol and keep in mind yo same friends tell me all yo shit too so lets not pull cards rumors easily get
Have a great week everyone!
Maxim 2 You need your partner's id as well as their signature.
Everyday I'm hustlin'.
whatmakesyoubeautiful is your smile and how sweet you seem
Hi , found my way to your feed.
After doing digital research I must agree you're a cool kid.
We have to connect soon!
Be well
welcome to my life...
you all got what you deserve
I don't mind the en dash, but the em dash is a punctuational eyesore.
So ugly.
Long day at Salem State for Regionals.
Double session as a spectator.
its KrispyKreme get that right!
RT : It doesn't matter how many people are following you.
It matters who listens to you.
Hey, I like to knit and play video games and I'm not elderly.
Touché.
Hey  I heard that.
thanks for keeping your finger on the RT button!
aha I was too lol
Having a great time at social media club Milwaukee
my mama be finally let me get her car
DJ R at Crown Bar tonight.
Top 40 Hip Hop  Electro.
7321 Santa Monica blvd.
W Hollywood.
10pm to 2am.
No cover all night!
And I accidentally just scraped my forehead with my fingernails...
Ouch.
sounds as if you dont care bout the mets might wanna put more dallas stuff up
thank you buddy :
Just got to the studio...
that's for sure, and it's something that definitely needs to change
Who?
RT : Local restaurant owner just told me, I'm more optimistic today than I've been in the past five years.
Thanks for the ACC Championship, tournament appearances, the wins over Duke and UNC, and your service to our country.
Rise and grind Monday morning!
Let's make something happen today, folks!
Crying heavily
RT Thanks for following.
aw c'mon Mahomie's follow us!
we only just made this page  need some mahomie love;
i got y'all.
Your tweets got me in a Joyful Joyful mode...keep 'em comin!!
I dig what you got goin.
You hiring?
I'm SO fuckin sick!!
ADPoncampus for today's Career Fest Resume Workshop
,god shes so beutifull and perfect
Dodgers are 51 and the Rockies put 17 on Tiny Tim and the Giants.
omg.
wow.
xD
At Dominion, Get into UVA.
Get an appreciation day.
I love that movie!
J and nothing much we might go to the mall or something :
You are so full of yourself!
Sacramento shout out: Mira Loma High School  National Science Bowl winners!!
Next stop: Australia for International competition.
Congrats!
42 of married men report being aware of their spouses affairs with other men.
What would you do?
One rack for the 11 inch Macbook Air  very austerelooking piece of machinery.
Should I do it??
SUPERSHOUTOUT TO THE SEXY
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!!
Last rehearsal tonight before the Central States District contest this weekend!
Back to KC!
bhskc Good luck to everybody!
Happy belated moms day, grandma!
sorry, we were on a shoot and didn't have good internet!
love you!
3
looking forward to your posts on doing a great job.
I will be teaching her all of your names and im hoping to make your band her first concert lolyou have an amazing band keep it up:
save money and preserve our precious environment
Appreciate it bro, lets kick it soon tho!
RT :  Gotta respect yall grind
thanks mate....how's your Derby handicapping going?
have you crackd the code yet?
A good puzzle to nut out this year
wehh I'm freezing in the bus!
She's not a woman she's the terminator 
I feel you
I am trying to.
Eggs and bacon do sound good though.
:
Time for Garza to shoot the wings of those gay Cardinals
I'm in TV love with Michelle Paradise.
I'm so hungry!
Katz: Don't kid yourself.
The impact of the recession may be cyclical  but structural changes are real
Gamification is just one of the tools to engage learners.
Just war remains the ultimate canard.
I'm enjoying live music here at ASCAP Music Cafe  Chris Velan is up now solo guitar and voice
just got off of work and took a nice hot shower I am tired as hell good night everyone ...
hahaha hit up random people!
like fans of allstar weekend, the cab, hot chelle rae, one direction...lol
NOW WILL YOU IDIOTS STOP CHEERING CURTIS GRANDERSON
hey!!!
have you heard our ep on iTunes yet?
i'm new york's best kept secret ..
:
Unimpressed with Dell!
3 week run around on my warranty, now I am being told its Sat and they cant help.
Well its still Friday in the US
Dear Apple, wireless iPod.
Get workin on it.
Thanks.
Love, Jen
it gets better.
Soon they're adding tolls to it or at least trying to.
haha it was quite fun actually: Fridays are good: especially wrestling rach in the middle of chemistry
Deandoctor Brackensick goes for redemption on Idol.
At Walmart just left the y
im guessin project x had a little to much of an influence on all these kids trying to have parties like it.
nice!
make sure your fridge isn't too cold, though.
Mine was, and it caused the cans to swell a bit.
it's to late to be a joke u got a problem
Tha cigarette commercial wit the girl doctornkin frog juice disgusts me everytime..They always be graphic but people still smoke lmao pointless
alright thats cool :
Bowling later wifff Brie and Kayla!!!
:
Friedens is now on Facebook!
Stay up to date with us on Facebook, Twitter or our website.
Help us spread the word about our organization.
Hope everyone enjoys their weekend!
People who are always reminding you of your mistakes hinders your growth.
CUT THEM OFF!
Those people are ONLY good for bringing you down.
thanks for note.
look forward to seeing something ...
has even helped me deal with it..
i think if i didn't know she survived this i honstly don't even know why i am still alive..
Now First lady looking fabulous...
Can you say fashionista..
Kids Choice Awards Michelle Obama...
crewlove started in Texas:
I need a new pharmacy any suggestions?
I'm sick of cvs and walgreens
RT : The difference between burial and cremation is most keenly felt when the person is still alive.
Along w/ our Exec Director Robert Schwartz!
RT : FieldCenter experts testifying before PA Task Force on Child Protection this AM
KOBE bringing back the player coach, step aside Mike Brown
I hate being shy.
you're scary??
what doesnt kill you makes you stronger
You really do feel better when you eat better.
I need to get back on track
not at all, we'd love for you to review it!
Looking forward to it!
Thanks :
Laid Mom's body to rest today.
Monday's viewing and today's celebration service was fantabulous!
longbeach is too packed!
bout to watch the new tranformers
just made some tandori turkey dogs...that was scrumptious!
Thank you!
How about Brook Lopez for Wade?
is proud to announce Apples new Ipad will be compatible with Ebooks from two publishing companies, Perseus and Workman.
Yes.
The trumpets were supremely badass last night.
Life is moving fast were da fuck do all dese mins go
hahaha!
I know I should!
When have you ever been a little schemer trying to pull one over on me?
Uh huh..never!
;
I want those too!
Tell me what you find out!
I hope not.
IMO we need new black institutions that are neither religious nor hostile to religion.
I wish it was Still waiting...
tick...
tick...
bought first day they first started taking preorders.
Been months.
Don't plant on it anytime soon.
Don't need to.
Cool Pinterest trick for Boards: Mouse over ea.
main pic and click Edit Board Cover then scroll to choose fave.
Adjust composition!
my vote is more toward his genes than an energy doctornk  just my biology background coming out...
Nothing excites me more than Sweet Disposition by the Temper Trap.
tell your mommy i said happy mothers day!
:
really?
what was i doing haa
aww you two look lovely!!!
got a job.
wooht:
I have arrived!
Smile and say HI.
Sent in applications for the 2012 Satchmo Summerfest and French Quarter Festival in Louisiana
I want a bf who knows how 2 have fun Someone I'd be glad 2 make food for and b myself around Not find every reason 2 fight I want 2 b happy
Were you able to recreate your account?
I'm coming back as a pelican.
Get to glide gracefully through the air, live at the beach, and eat seafood all the time.
yeah fool!
Watching Basketball Wives with Viggle Mon  5PM  VH1 Get real rewards just for watching TV.
i hate the new MySpace, I think I might be deleting it...............
RIP Vaclav Havel.
The only lost cause is one we give up on before we enter the struggle
how much
someone is just clearly expressing their selves ;
have no idea , what that is .
Will it be any better if the new manager gets off to a bad start?
Do they pick som1 that fits the current squad or clean slate?
Are you as tired as I am today?
Might actually need coffee.
People need to stop trying to get me to check out they music .
, nigga I haven't heard you on the radio so convo ended 
I'm waiting for you to follow me, but that's not gonna happen soo...
:c
Why do we have to wear clothes?
If only Georgetown would just stay in Georgetown...
doing well...
you're the stranger?!
:
wahhh really?
Keep looking, we have to find one!!!
COOL!!
I knew my heart was right that u r a mad cool sexy mami!
XOXO
Jacobs Pavilion.
It's downtown Cleveland, behind the Power House.
Let me know if you want tickets.
DITTO!
Looking forward to working w/ some amazing people this summer!
!
Good Energy!
You have to fill up your growler card!
After 9 fills, the 10th is just 1.
My apologies to my coanchor for talking over her during the newscast!
I'm loving your coupon tweets!
I'm using the Jamba Juice one today.
Thanks :
gahh!
I gotta stop being so emotional
There is nothing better than watching Howard The Duck with people who have never seen it.
They are still trying to figure out how it is pg.
Tenure guidelines need to be revised to create space for collaborative projects
John Bradshaw, one of the most influential writers on emotional healing in the twentieth century and a Senior Fellow at The Meadows Wicke
Not sure how I'll sleep when I'm still geeking out so hard over that movie.
Gotta try though.
Goodnight.
Hunger Games did not disappoint.
Today was a wasted day :P
you can start a topic with , so if I wanted to talk about food, i would do that and I can search other tweets, make sense?
CardMunch is a cool app by LinkedIn  not exactly what you're asking, but makes it easy to connect.
No no no  that's obviously the fountain in Justin Herman Plaza.
Well I officially caught the cold that's been going around..
Just in time for the long weekend!
Good and bad/annoying I guess..
Everyone In The World Isnt Perferct.
Everyone Has Flaws.
Everybody Cant Be Just Like.
Wake Up And Realize Their A Difference.
Hello World.
Got the SmashTag booth set up here at Cypress Vanguard.
If you're in the area please stop by and say Hello!
Appreciate the Shoutout!
:
cool, will do.
we've yet to shoot there.
Dude, she just called you doctornk..
Oh hell beer, hold my no!
Due to modern diets and our water, our bodies are experiencing gradual demineralization which places our health in jeapordy.
good because you are one of my bestfriends and I have I say bye
Newt to Mitt: doctorp the pious baloney.
There's the Gingrich we all know and love!
Hm, probably not, but email me at kzickuhr  pewinternet dot org  I'll see if we have anything else that could be relevant
good luck!!
Follow .
Follow.
Because Justin Bieber is awesome and this page supports him ok ; 3
The best feelings are those that have no words to describe them.
Michelle Hammersley
I haven't done that bc everyone involved in fitness and I guess I assumed they wouldn't need me
been a month.
voting has already started and it'll take at least another month or two for him to get decent numbers
Have you guys heard the joke about butter?
No?
That's fine, I butter not tell you.........
By far the greatest MothersDay gift I can give my Jewish mom: the gift of knowing I've inherited her neuroses and uncanny ability 2 kvetch
ugh why am i up
I obviously know more then u which may not say much ha
3WordsOfAdvice doctorams come true you proved that to m
Where the freak are you?
What a pleasant surprise :
did anyone hear order the big dorow/sausage pizza?
AGirlThat wants to get noticed by
she knows shes fabulous
Ed Gavagan is apparently a badass.
Our marketing dept really enjoyed last week.
Who else was there?
we're getting married already and having some sexy babies lol :
Haters everywhere but I don't really care  ;
My label: Airhead What is your label?
StopBullying 7.
nascar  californiacostumes jeffgordon Caraviello: Daytona pothole legacy lives on as Kansas set to repave Pat Warren walked into the m
U r great, if you keep striving to be achieved it even better...luck!!
XFC Signs Scott Hot Sauce Holtzman to 5 Fight Deal
Did yoga today.
I feel centered and Hollywood.
Our heart is the gateway to our Soul.
Baby you light up my world like no body else the way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed
Got the Kindle version today.
Didn't really need the Sports Illustrated preview, but it didn't hurt!
That was a fun surprise.
When u notice something u never wanna see again !!
You can give back with the pungle.me app this holiday season!
Good morning LosAngeles and
Attn attorneys  what do you want to learn or know about with the iPad?
Suggestions?
cc:
People sure will let you down...if you let them.
Right on Bob!
Seems like an interesting place to concur with a first century scientific view is all.
The article is correct.
Without humor, life is boring.
Without love, life is hopeless.
Without friends like you, life is impossible!
Research data is the second trend identified by usinno Guidelines for use, reuse and sharing of data
Dinner tonight with the lovely ladies of !!
2.50 Tuesday!
All Beef Sausages Two Fiddy!
Toasted Coconut Brownies
I think we all agree that collectively we can create a stronger edu industry in order to better serve student, economy  society.
USA!
USA!
USA!
USA!
USA!
hahahahaha no its actually not...but now that you mention it...justkidding no i would never say that about her haha ;
watchin next friday
you're a fan?
Great brain fuel.
I had other plans, but now I've got panfried goodness on my mind.
See you there!
Follow Houston's minor league baseball team, Sugar Land Skeeters !
Excited about my first game tomorrow w/
avoid those sacks, romo!
No Mobwives tonight :'
Watching a documentary on dolphins.
Dolphin gangs engage in backandforth trash talking
we already know Pearce is gone and Califf is coming in
Hey Show, you're already crying, just get on your knees and beg.
an thanks your cute too :p
i did
all I gotta say is is the future of americansoccer and she is amazingly beautiful to top it off!
'...the best line in the...movie is H D Stantons cameo security guard talking to Incredible Hulk ...
You got a condition, son.'
yes what?
Let me get that number and that proof you've been putting my money to work.
: Success is serving more people.
The more I serve, the more I earn.
Robert Kiyosaki
I honestly can't even sing Harry's solo in WMYB I sound like a 50 year old pedophile
Nothing like Miami rush hour traffic
you're welcome!
I had a great time meeting all of you!
See you in a bit :
YAY for a play day up in the hills!
TGIF!
:
Thanks for the RT  and for your great work!
...probably we need a combination of business incentives, targeted tax increases  linked fee elimination to doctorve 
Looking for creative ideas to generate revenue from and online magazine.
Other than subscription, and advertisements...??
Glad you enjoy them, John!
Thanks for always sharing them :
That's exactly what I mean.
Not looking Good Cleveland Browns
Been waiting for somebody to go see it before me.
Thx
I look at it the same way if dumb Blink182 was like, That 1st Ramones album?
Yeah, not good enough.
We're remaking it.
Too far?
EVERYBODY IN THIS MEGA POT FOR TONIGHT!!!
Where were u 2 weeks ago when I celebrated my birthday
Watching the Mexican weight loss channel....
love the new photo Sara!!
Is that a bracelet?!
Gorgeous
The Delta plane is so old, I just watched the flight attendant get out a VHS tape for the safety demo.
SEAN KINGSTON IS BACK WHOOP WHOOP!!
I dont know if its because Im reading a book on Goldman Sachs but I found Margin Call to be a great Wall Street film.
wait what
Saturday what's cracking
in ..I am working on smartanalytics.
Then again, I'm only with sprint because it's cheap.
Can't wait to switch.
Mona Lisa Smile...Now that's a fucking movie!
I think I'm going all the way ;
My tumblr is the most random thing.
It depends on my mood haha,sometimes it's all brightother times it's all ew lawlzz.
Going home finally
so sorry my man...........we had a bunch of private caterings!where are you from????
dumb question
RT : Evernote is so much less impressive once you realized it has cost 200M to build, and is not built by 2 guys in a garage
It would be cool if you followed me..
please?:
You Are A Truely Amazing Mother:
let's take some shots.
...I meant basketball shots
haha.
Nice.
R we still on for bball game on Sat.?
ap chem review packet over spring break 
Sorry have been away for the last couple of weeks but we are back and ready for sports
That gut renching feeling that I love u but u will always love my best friend
LeBRon will not get the shot.
Sorry.
We know how the story goes.
Eva Mendez is hot
Doesn't sound like too much fun.
You should check out our website.
We're trying to make the whole process easier.
Talk to me :
I'm not paleo or vegan...
so I guess I'm the other category 
don't say anything to anyone pleasee.
Soft or sueded leather is very quiet.
Avoid the tight, polished squeaky stuff.
Things are well.
thanks for inquiring.
Hope you are well also.
I knew you would appreciate that article:
RT A person who has no story does not exist.
Shekhar Kapur.
Can't wait for AP testing to be over with...
I am definitely not writing a music hum concert report while still slightly under the influence of the wine the concert served me, no way
i'll follow you back.
follow me.
So far i have 2 sentences on this damn essay
Is the English translation of that like Birds of a Feather?
I remember Reelfoot Lake toodidn't we stay in cabins there?
Avis just gave Diversity Platinum over 200.00 in Hawaii Coupons for Restaurants and Attractions for our members.
www.diversityplatinum.com
Before I answer that...
were they any good?
;
The Silk Tie likes Shel!
I saw your tie and think we could give you a slicker one : thesilktie.com
Like King Koopa's face on his buttcheek?
not at my mothers house.
Had a good time in NY, but definitely ready to be back in pdx.
unbudgeted expenses of treating illegals aids in rising costs.
Excluding them expense puts the burden on the hospital
I am less interested in what than why.
I'm busy, babysitting Danielles babies.
Omg ariana you are a good singer and so beautiful plz keep it up ;
I love watching Spongebob in the morning!
Second half is underway.
US is down 01 to Canada.
And yes, I know I'm supposed to be sleeping...
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul.
doctoram deep, for every doctoram precedes the goal.
Pamela Vaull Starr
ya don't say .
calledit Blake's adorable though 
DC had as many 4Square check ins as NYC that night.
Is NYC not that digitally connected or does DC party more?
just finished my last paper of the semester...
FUCK.
YES.
that's cool great work, proud of ya cuz.
RIPMCA Didn't know much about him, but I know he was amazing with the Beastie Boyz
lameboybands are probably bad dancers.
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mother's of the World.
You are the Greatest and Loved
What band would you like to see Immolate The Saints share the stage with?
GoogleAdwordsCertifiedPartner Flyline Search Marketing delivers effective pay per click service.
Our designs produce very busy clients!
Take your time; Knicks are down 11 ar the half.
I want to thank all those who serve our country.
I appreciate what you do to ensure our freedom and pray for your safety daily!
Here we go again.
JoshHamilton has 1 home run on first atbat, another 2 run shot as all 4 were yesterday
The office cranked up the new HVAC and it's turned the office into a windy refrigerator.
Least it will be cool in this NYC humid summer!
Thanks for signing up to volunteer !
Can't wait to see you out there on Saturday!
bigger head case in Miami Zambrano or Guillen??
Just saw the whole !
Cast ANN...
PERFORMED AT 'S CONCERT!!!
BEST NIGHT OF MY LIFE!!!!
3
It sure is fun to watch a show about the hard work that goes into advertising and then fast forward all the commercials.
CHECK THIS OUT TATTOOMUSIC FROM
Israel?Pre1967 borders only.The new settlements must be dismantled.The way to Peace sometimes looks ..simplistic!
If I tell you I love you, can I keep you forever?
No good dude.
Crazy is bad.
I bet you are SO stoked for NY.
Not gonna lie, I might be jealous!!!!!!
Be careful and have fun!
Ahh, I see.
Damn you customs!
I'm with Agent Coulson on this one...I still believe in heroes.
Did you see what that bitch was wearing?
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Reach Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
Chen's loved ones now targeted by Chinese govt.
U.S.
bankrolled by nation breaking every law we ostensibly hold dear.
Touch is all new tonight !
she a trip, shawty she the shit she know she the shit!
Thanks for tweeting!
Cant wait to see your official video for
Seems we always lecture those who are on time for those who are tardy.
Rob Wilson just played the game of his life.
It's awesome to see great things happen to great people.
beautiful day to come eat my puccias!
Open from 122!
Orioles cursed the redsox :
: 1.
Since when is 55 on 15 something to brag about?
2.
Stats are one small piece of a RB performance.
dosen;t hat pss you off
.
thanks!
it's DiningOutForLife with a portion of proceeds going to  thx for your support!
my stalker3
The library will be closing in 30 minutes  at 12 pm today!
my hands have been cleaned, and you have nothing to hold on me now.
Thankful for SO much today!
Sunshine, sparkling bubbles and my ability to take major steps towards my doctoram :
Why did my mom shout me out on the radio...
I can't
Louis Ptacek, the keynote speaker for OSUResearchDay about to take the stage

Thanks for the retweet!
loved the snow cat story in today's challenge.
Things aren't always what they seem to be.
those better be peanut mm's so u get your post workout protein
POST SOME GOOD ART FOR ME PEOPLE!!!!!
Phones buzzing off the hook and the bars haven't let out yet
I KNOW!
I have that problem too ..
club de bagel.
now THAT is a headshot, boo!!
GORGEOUS!!
xoxo
We're trying to brother!
Know any good spots where bands like us play all the time?!
Team Jacob forever3 dont worry ; you'll find you're Bella :
It is too dangerous for anyone to walk alone at night.
If you must walk somewhere at night, get someone to walk with you.
NPR just played the first few notes of the exact franz ferdinand song I had stuck in my head.
Coincidence?
Or cosmic sign??
Thanks for the follow , We look forward to learning more from you.
submitted my final on blackboard.
have a great summer!
kindall, i'll see you in the village ha!
You can't reach what is meant for you if you allow distractions into your life...
Lets take over the world!
You down
I have the best boyfriend ever
loaded fine for me
Then we're going out.
With the guys or without.
GNO!
Sound good?
I wanted to get that book!!
Heard it's wonderful.
What do you think so far?
The conference hotel is nice: awesome fitness center and walking distance to trader joe's.
Unfortunately there's no free wifi in the rooms.
You go gurl
ready for this tennessee game tomorrow!
how did you even get that on your calc.....need that asap
im on pandora, so talk to me on here, no i dont have weightless by BYE on my ipod.
D:
Or maybe it's a TV show, not sure.
If SomeOne Accuse U Of Doing Sumthin U Kno U Didnt Do Itz Because Their Doing It,Pidd DntBeAFool..!
They offered to sell me a cookie, and I said yes.
It's that simple.
They nail everything else here.
Lol.
Had the top down on my car.
Pulled my hard dick out of my shorts when a big bus of Japanese tourists passed me.
Faces were priceless.
plz follow my friend plz she is the bigg est fan she has a alot of posters of u
Welp spring break is over, and now Kanawha county have to go through hell againFUCK 180 days of school!!!!
Today is the day!
beauty voxbox
Our work here is done.
I wish I could learn while sleeping.
Oh my gosh, is that the sun I see?
Must.
Have.
Fro Yo.
yea, you have to go in person : /
Shirt off showing off
were they beats by doctor ?
doctorw something???
I was about to start my homework since I got a lot, but then I remember IT'S FRIDAY!!
RT : oh geeze!
As long as they are fashionable running shoes!Of course!
Mine are bright pink  fabulous!
:
What's Eating Gilbert Grape.
ahaha yess u do remember lol how u been girl
Agreed.
It's the only way to escape!
Maybe Shammy and Kyle will build us a bomb shelter.
If its this hot in May, in July it's going to be hell on Earth.
what are you up to
Must've done something right in my life to have in my life 
Clearly the girls.
Are you kidding me?
I expect you to get 5 phone numbers this week.
Loving the opportunity to learn from the past and doctornk beer instead of water.
Star Mentors and Star Mentor Events has released their new 2010 tour schedule and website at starmentors.com
omg triple digits!
Should've hit up Brooklyn Tap to catch the game
Watching South Park with my sis!!
Haha Eric Cartman is so funny lol :p
No exact date yet e.
But we're thinking Dec.
20 pero di pa ito sure.
Why is it that when doctorving past a pumphouse you can always tell what a community had for dinner the night before?
Government ITIL Implementation Openings...Winvale is hiring!
Remedy, , , , , ,...
Please invite all your friends to be fans of mor like the movies.
Love.
Cole
Would you like us to send you a free bookmark?
Please email to
W/o a doubt the most cynical abuse of legislative power ever seen in Colorado in recent memory.
you love it
Whatever you do, don't ask him How do you balance your time with everything you do?
Shits gotta be annoying.
mapped all the assets in a Sao Paulo neighborhood  saved a school the gov wanted to shut down.
Now one of the 20 best
I'll try that again: YOU'RE.
In any case, kremšnit is essentially fluffy custard with a crust...
sometimes w/chocolate.
I've made mistakes, I've had heartbreaks, but ill still keep going no matter what it takes.
Less likeable team, Knicks or Heat?
Just a gross series.
asla2011 was fantastic.
best ed sessions in years.
wonderful colleagues and conversations.
home to NY soon!
Yeah I have everything packed.
Very nice showing...
its very strange now he is singing!!!.
just so so had a death in the family
So gorgeous!
Plus many, many others who are doing great work this month  thank you all!
Parkinson's Awareness Month
You didn't tell me you made them.
I'm mad at you.
Slacking.
talk about a let down yesterday.
We go down there and watch max pitch his ass off only for pappa grande to blow it.we need hits man
VELVET PAVILIONS sizzling fiction brilliant south asian characters living globaly.
will be released march 2010.
perfect story for a movie.
Contemplation often makes life miserable.
We should act more, think less, and stop watching ourselves live.
Nicolas de Chamfort
If Dirk lose al his swag tonight.......
Lets just say Miami gonna fly high and slam umm hardAustyn Morris
I prefer you to make mistakes in kindness than work miracles in unkindness
Elektro killed it!
sick they met their challenge but I agree, step it up and I promise you they'll be ABDC 3
We smoke Blunts but leave those Stunts up to
I think I am going to stop following you on twitter again.
it's gonna make me kinda sad when he has his tour here and a bunch of newbie fans show up only know 2 of his songs.
/
What a great tweet.
Sounds like a tasty Friday snack!
: RT: sunbelt granola bars.
Look at this negativity: TheThingIHateMost is trending over Girl Gone Wild AND Free Pancakes
i thought iamandoctorwbreitbart was the easiest way to identify an idiot.
turns out it's
watching Braxton Family Value
Cats fed
just living the doctoram.
sad the pack might not play this year.
not sure what i might do if they don't play, gonna be sad
So happy for mister Plummer and he was wonderful.
He is always wonderful, but Beginners was not a good movie.
Wallpaper is taking forever!
At least another week.
So what else is new??
Reception area being delivered manana!
This new apartment complex in Isla Vista has a premium unit called the Bob Marley Suite.
What could possibly go wrong.
Gee, you think Joran Van Der Sloot might actually be sentenced appropriately tomorrow?
You, , are nearly BlackBelt rank , Tweets  SMPP.
You inspire me to wax on, wax off harder.
Thank you!
My effing teapot short and stout.
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in San Antonio!
Check out the Buckley Guitar!
Amazing y'all.
Please go and see Dee Daniels tonight at the Kitano Jazz room tonight.
Believe me you are in for a treat.
Xoxo
tell me if u get it
if you're 9 months premature then you're just a stain
We are none some of the best just some of the producers
RT  For those asking, I could give a shit about Obama the man/myth.
I'm voting for him for ACA, SCOTUS noms  education.
Thank you to all our fans that came out tonight.
We love you all so much thank you for getting blacklisted!
Best show ever!
I'd have lost a lot of money betting the Padoctors would put up a 3 spot on Strasburg in the 1st inning.
I'm pretty sure the only thing slightly more unattractive than going to school today would be starving to death in Africa.
EVERYONE FOLLOW THANKS FOR FOLLOWING!
I'm kicking your ass Sunday
Busy is good!
Same here...
Trying to iron out a few things before my Moroccan getaway in June!
Positive thoughts for you.
Miss your face.
Kiss on your cheek and big hug.
Robin Behn did us a big favor by sharing our info with UA students.
Thanks to a great MFA program!
Although boots on the border rubs me the wrong way.
TwitterPeopleILove all my followers who keep me entertained ever though I never laugh with you usually I laugh at you
A listener writes: Thanks very much for the lovely music.
I am in my 80s and sort of bedoctordden.
Your music keeps my spirits up.
How nice!
nope, not just you.
Phones fuckinn up...
I need an iPhone sap
lol what u want some reeses
Happy New Year, may the new year bring great success to everything you say or do.
Kurt and Blaine singing that they're big girls and they don't cry Klaine promasaurus :
There is nothing like a good book.
What saves a man is to TAKE A STEP.
Then another step.
It is always the same step, but YOU HAVE TO TAKE IT.
Antoine de SaintExupéry 
Maybe ONE DAY people will learn how to doctorve.
haha no kidding.
so tired of the gloom
What is good America?
I love it that is sporting the logo on his slides at
Lions is all we really no lambs
Wow it is beautiful!
I do hope you know that I am thankful for you!
BIG hugs!
: im sorry that im not sorry.
LMFAO
In class with my bestie
: Just made 100 bucks for floor mats!
have fun
Nah...
NBA sucks.
And We got more then enough college teams around here to follow.
Your best?
Losers do their best.
Winners go home and fuck the prom queen.
Lunchtime convo at Olga's Fresh Mexican includes,  What's the dirtiest strip club you've ever been to?
nigga gotta be pushin a Jag, or a range Rover to even get my attention Wtf is a Dodge?
Poof!
BE GONE!
Who do you turn to when you fall apart..
Too bad they couldn't give out two oscars for best actress.
Me to!
I like Cat or Kat however she spells it.
And Jade
Thank you!
I'm looking for guest bloggers!
Maybe a topic that relates to Pet Loss from the Pet Point of View?
forgot about that.
must have been caught up in the moment of sarcasm with the response.
shocking, i know
Sorry I had to shrink ou spelling.
A Twitter thing.
So did you make it to Sketch Up or Shut Up ?
If so, what was your favorite sketch?
Cya Freshman year :
our next project: Norah jones  Etta covers.
world tour?
whaddayasay??
I close my eyes
No, that's when you start doctornking like a cow.
The eating portion doesn't stop until you're too old to lift a fork.
Gotta give the best PG in the game that And1.
Got smacked in the face and still made the layup.
70 pounds is HUGE.
Best of luck to you in 2012's marathon!
Great to see these success stories.
Jesse James and Kate Von D split up again!
Man that sucks.
depends on the clothes
This contest is having is killing me!
Thanks for the follow to a fellow Chicagoan!
Bring an ID to the NE corner of LSP to claim your ticket.
You can get a membership card in line.
Watchuu smell like ?
Be nice kaaren !
I set someone else on fire that I ran into in the lots.
Starts with a T ends with a Risha.
confirmed that I will be playing 18 on Sunday  the new Common Grounds GC near Lowry
If Your Gonna Smoke A Pack Of Cigarets A Day, You Mise Well doctornk Alcohol Too, Destroy The Baby's Liver while u At It
Hey, Chattanooga!
Come on out to JJ's Bohemia right now and check us out!
Great lineup of bands tonight.
Last night I think I agreed to go to NYC, Vegas and Alaska.
Guess this is going to be an expensive summer.
I can't watch my Rockies any more.
If I do, I feel I may end up in a roadside ditch with an eye patch, stray animals and a bag full of hair
where is the show?
Just want to tip the wait staff.
Ha.
Laying on my bed all warm waiting for my mom , watching music videos :
Taco Bell got this new Dorito Taco
Happy mommys day!
I'm a loser, I'm a winner.
I'm good, I'm bad.
I'm a Christian, I'm a sinner.
Colts resign Reggie!
Adidas Samba Canvas Pack  AfewStoreBlog
Support Good Music Colored Paper
Only at 's party would I be flirting with a 94 year old.
She can doctornk with me any day.
Taking care of biz during the wssmiami lunch break!
sequence compl....com....com...comple....sequence com.......
Great play by Cesar, great finish and speed by Teal.
1 Colorado 0
Congrats on your new stores!
Big things happening for you!
Its like a complete WHITE OUT!!!
CIS program at Camino Real ES needs small instruments finger cymbals,tambourines,harmonica's,hand doctorms.
email
paintballing is some real crazy shit
Come thou Almighty King....
hold up...You need to be out here TeamSU Save Our Southern
Yao Ming quotes: Her talent and poise is what's very compelling for companies.
Her ethnicity is icing on the cake.
Mila, Mila, Mila, why did you peel a my orange.
i followed u bak an i apllogise u dont have 2 follow me if u dont wanna i unsersatn
I can help you out if you ever have questions.
Sounds like a good class.
Who's teaching it?
Ever have one of your face muscles cramp?
Wow.
When's the party?
It's Monday, I need something to look forward too!
Happy Birthday WM!
Love Jimmy'z Kitchen on the beach  must try it in Wynwood soon!
Lets go Heat!!
If data don't help you make decisions,you're looking at the wrong data.
Hiten of
I never tweet anymore !
It's sad.
Express is taking over my life !
Wow  spent the day preparing for the CruiseIn tomorrow  should be a gas  lots of trophies  carthemed items  10 AM  2 PM  beyond
Timeless beat.
that's right!
i have so much to learn and it's exciting!
Are you showing any of the 6 Nations????
thanks
Then why do you hang with them so much?
:0
and I'll break out my Tie dye bell bottoms!
My tummy is about to be so pleased with me in T minus one hour.
Yes, plus the obstruction of view.
:/
dude I've got ur back
BIG night for MSG Sports!
Game 7 btwn  Ottawa at at 7pm.
Then the NFLdoctorft takes over starting at 8pm!
thingsthatpissmeoff when people dont get out of my way at school in the halls.
Bitch, I have places to go.
They're adorable.
Sigh.
I need my own place soon for kittehs adoption.
Male Model wanted for female pop artist music video.
Go to www.CastingDNA.com and find the notice under MODELS CASTING NOTICES...
Buy one Sales Rack and receive 20 Select hangers for FREE!!!
I 3 I can't wait to see 'em at Redoctorcks later this year!
HEY!!
you found me on here,pretty cool,how are you,haven't seen u since the concert!
:D
If you believe a 'sports' guy shouldn't have an opinion on anything other than sports, I have two words for you..GET REAL
can you explain why you punched the wall?
Excuse me, do you have the time?
Woman: No.
Man: Well I have the time and it says I have time for you all the time.
via  Phil Jackson Enjoying Retirement On Montana Ranch With Egomaniacal Livestock Who Hate Each Other
Beautiful day on Gumbert Mountain.
Writing outdoors you know.
Extremely cool!
:D
Glad to FINALLY be home, except what's that smell?!
Spinrite didn't work.
Found a program Nucleus Kernel FAT  NTFS that is copying my lost files now.
Thnx for the reply.
Thanx to all the ladies who have inquired about the hair, I love to hearing from you all .
have a wonderful day
awesome!
Got a show tomorrow night come out!
Just finished the movie,
I'm boyfriend number 2 .And I know you like it freaky .So im gonna give it to you :
When dealing with a bitter person makes sure you don't become one too, it's contagious!
yes omg ily
I sought the Lord, and he heard me, and delivered me from all my fears.
Psalm 34:4
Not the first time I've had a whole bus to myself
chillin with teja tej and cleaning up 4 moms for mothers day
la dispute333
If I follow you FB :
Are you interested in follow4follow?
i will follow back.
Try the promotion site on my professorle, it's free.
I am the Equal Voice Reporter thank you for the call.
I am excited to hear about the events today!
Go FOCAL!
I am loving Orson Brawl..
Great presentation from at 20maab tonight.
Thanks to all who came out.
Now, back to computering!
The Maine Coon Cat originated in Maine and is the largest
11:11 is on replay on you tube 3 OMG I LOVE YOU
Paddy Cloonan is onstage by himself playing a hornpipe.
Wait...Glenn Close isn't a man?
So glad to hear it!
Hopefully some of them will buy your book, too :
Eddie's back early!
Ohh!
yes!!!!!!!
slumber party ; see you in a few Edward
You said the brains I had went to my head.
If you don't take risks you will never grow.
Get out there and show them what you can do!
We all start somewhere...
My heart aches for the entire Chardon community...
Looking forward to getting to know u to!
have inspired me to speak out for !
Need to catch up on some Z's !
ThoughtsDuringSchool Hey mister.
Nottingham no one understands what your saying!
For a man to achieve all that is demanded of him he must regard himself as greater than he is.
Yeah, wuss move.
Spring Break Tan?
Bronze Sunless Tanningthe perfect tan in minutes!
Just auditioned for a great acting studio, was accepted and is super excited to begin next week!
Also can't stop thinking of the episode with JFK's golf clubs, or the one when Jerry dates the deaf woman who can read lips
FOLLOW ME!
I disagree wholeheartedly.
They're in the business of manufacturing physical solar cells using chemical processes.
This is that.
I'm back on the 27th in town!!!
So excited to see you.
My lover mixes things up she said You get more results w/ honey than u do w/ bee stings
Ive never been so happy to see food x
movies with my yungin lovin our time.....thats mamas girl :
2nd best song by is Face 2 Face yes boo i brought both the last 2 albums plus both that's so raven albums!
luv yu!
Yessir London to Hollywood were ever we stood
Wow.
That sucked.
I thought that was Dolis out there, not Marmol  ps if darney was normal sized he would have gotten that.
Hell yeah you did!
RT : Just got the coolest shirt from :
Lovin' my new iPhone, but it sure was expensive...I had to get a new computer to go with it!!!
ValentinesDay is fast approaching!
Book your getaway with us.
A gourmet dinner at Citrus and a stroll along the River Walk?
That's romance.
51??Hard to believe!!
Why do we have home room today?
shit im so hungry but idk what to eat
I want my shoes to be so bright, people want them to have a dimmer switch.
I know.
: His CD didn't come out why that's why.
Pulling for the Adler Planetarium.
They are bidding for a permanent exhibit for one of the shuttles when they retire.
So many fun events, so little time / so far a distance to travel.
We have a client on 6.15 that uses the Estore
why thank you Ellis!!
I turn 16 monday.
WOO
Sunday Fun Day!
CelebrityApprentice Survivor and my favvvvvvv GameOfThrones!!
Happy Mother's Day to me!
all good :
2 great chats last night...pblchat and 5thchat.
I think we need some ISTE12 tweet ups!
We'd like to wish our Director of Marketing a very happy birthday.
Now go to work!
stifling a comment here SO HARD!!
10xs excited now walked in an the fam has everything pack an ready.
Wish I was leavin.
Few more days for me and babe to leave.
Yea buddy.
Do you have your yrbyyr subdomains configd as a WPNetwork or some other way?
Do you autoshare users across years?
Not sure who this referred to, but I hope watching the woman was equally satisfying.
;  Thanks so much for coming out to CdS.
Locking my door so I can lay naked.
yolo.

ThoseLateNightTexts when you just confess everything.
The best is Yet to come !
speak life to it before you give up.
silly!
I'm just not your friend today, duh.
We kinda got a friend schedule, ur always my friend but I'm only yours on MWF
Well our offer on the house was accepted, looks like I'm moving.
So..I heard you're a player.
Well nice to meet you, I'm the coach.
RT : Pretty sure the negotiated bill was authored by GOPers Are GOP lawmakers prohibited from having stadium ideas
ha ha bum yur getting arrested bum
Machiavelli lesson went well today and I'm going to a Nats game tonight!
Happy.
Yeah
says museum websites are too expensive to be just about marketing.
Should be 2way treasurehouses of digital content
Vehicle Magnets 24x12  2 for 65 or 18x12  2 or 45 Thick 30mil and Full Color.
Get your biz noticed today!
RT : S/o and Winnacircle set it off Saturday Night..
Had a great birthday weekend filled with friends, family, and lots of happiness!
Thank you!
Emmure is awesome:  Yeah is so fun.
Chelsea Grin headlined over them last time but they brought more of a crowd
Stepping into natural light and realizing you applied your foundation with a paintball gun.
Giving Kevin till the 4th until he gives up runs.
Thats just him at home.
and second, because they see it more as a way to express feelings than do searches
I will not answer to Boss.
Unless you're referring to me as Rick Ross, of course realtalk ugh Rozay Teflon MMG cc:
Now I see why Vegas keeps building these ridiculous 5 star resorts.
BECAUSE NOBODY WINS!!!!!
EVER!
Uterus with the us crossed out and ME written below?
Just saw in a Pepsi max ad and freaked out.
I miss him on my screen
Really need the Mavs to win.
NOT the spurs.
When I talk to people,I'am amazed at the lack of Kownledge,closemindedness,Thanks GOD this is only about 40  Rt

I wanna keep it how it is, so you never say how it used to be.
Loving you is really all that on my mind!I love that song
I'm crying while listening to elt right now Wtf is wrong with me
Kush Leaf  Get one of these cool Kush Leaf tshirt designs
The game I just umpired ended on a walk off home run.
This is 10 year old softball out of the park.
damn now it's a party
totally, and every other time of the day
RT if you think is gonna go far in his career.
look at where he's at now at only 19.
:
What a day !!
Most definitely  its' been too long  hope our travel plans sync up accordingly!
The Guto is daughter tested, mother approved.
just diverted to Providence  why is JFK such a pain?
No , I Misunderstood .
Lmfao ,
punch Ian in the face
Yeah, I'm sure it wasn't that great.
RT : Ambiance of George Clooneys 15 Million Obama Fundoctoriser Described as Just SoSo
Brushing my cognac suede violin case
Thanks!...I am making sure all 15 people that follow me are informed.
The internet is a series of tubes..
cites Deleuze: Sensation is vibration.

thanks for the love
Prison shows are awesome.
let u know about what?
CK: hers is too long.
D:
hey lady how you doing
The guy needs to write shorter.
you'd use hashtags in every tweet ;
RT : some dudes b havin fine ass girlfriends  fuck up wit em  end it all ova lil dumb shit..
be lookin sick when she move on
thx to , skc is 2nd team in MLS history to win 5 consecutive matches to start season.
other team was LA in 96.
can i seed one of my bff
RT : Gas Price Forecast: San Diego prices up 24 cents in 7 days.
4.31 average.
Prices still climbing 410 cents this week.
obviously something epic for a grand BBQ but would need a dedicated server for that
who's gotta get up at 2:30 am to catch a 5am flight?
These hair growth pattern changes result in thinner, weaker, smaller, hairs for the new growth cycle.
Feel sorry for jets fans you got Tebow!!
This weeks soccer camp is officially over.
Thanks to all the players, trainers and staff!
Yes, because in 2011 Pregnant girls arent allowed to tweet.
We hide under rocks use payphones.
Buy your niece nephew an ipad
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally
Just had my 1st Facebook training at podesta.
Every time I give one of these reminds me why I need to do them more often.
Success!
CA love
Chinese ProverbWhat sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity
where you been
Bowling with my beautiful girlfriend and her awesome brother ...
Thanks for the tips  much needed!
RT : How To Create A Terrific Facebook Cover Image If You Dont Have Resources To Hire A Designer
kk I will:
The lights will inspire you.
The events for are a beautiful thing.
Im pumped

Love like you'll never been hurt, Sing like there's nobody listening, And live like it's heaven on earth.
My daddy knows just the things to say to put a smile on my face
What is the news coming to?
I don't give a shit if LeviJohnston got another little hoe pregnant.
Come on please.
Here were a couple of our favorite lines from Mike Johnston, the next big Ed champion in American politics:
Church was good this morning and I had a good nap afterward
Lotus of Siam, or Julian Serrano at Aria...
I hope you can come back to sytycd next season.
.
missingyourchoreographies .
.!!
::
ff for teaching me how to blow my nose.
I'm extra thankful today.
Just 24 hours until and I are at The Hunger Games premiere!
May the odds be ever in your favor.
The best place to dine in on Mondays is...
The last step in Problem Solving is to monitor the consequences of the action taken.Don
RT : Shouts out 2 everybody that's on my EP especially and ...
Farthestflung person to sign the bookshop door: New Zealand novelist Jane Mander.
Closest: Emily Strunsky, Village born  bred.
WhatMakesMeSmile when I see hey babe on my pone when I'm having a lonely day.
Hello, Miami!
:
R.I.P.
Dick Clark!
We loved American Bandstand and America's Top 40, you will surely be missed!
Follow back??
Looking forward to some great SIOP tweets!
CanIBeHonestWithYou ; You make smile, over the smallest things .
i just cant help it :
Both horror and childoctorn's: The Graveyard Book and Coraline.
Love love love The Graveyard Book.
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!?
3 40
Indy's 1 Virus  Spyware Removal Specialist would like to say thank you to our loyal customers!
Wish I was watching the game :
MT : Anyone know of a union catalogue or list of undergrad programs in the DigitalHumanities ?
they'd have lost two sales here.
: At least one.
I may have bought one for testing.
yep  wanna come?
Breaking.....
Starks injuryknee sprain
Never say anything bad about Jennifer Jason Leigh again.
Thems fightin words
Re: amazed.
Uh huh.
Esp.
as an old man Gen Xer with real memories of hw it used to be :
Tex's bat looks like a soft noodle way to move over Jeet!!!!
In line for
I'm better off dead cuz it was all in my head
Watching Wings on another reference to Wisconsin, writer must have ties.
Ugh so sick!
Excited for
i would but i dont have skype anymore i took it off
RT When 24 Hours In A Day Is Not Enough  brilliant post
You've been long for so long, has this gone , and I don't see this ending, put your hope in Jesus!
you're welcome.
Correction: The song, I Miss Minnesota, is at www.amyames.com Click on music.
And im being taken for granted.
COOL PHONE NUMBER
im at lincoln park
Brother, you got that right.
Bad education is bad education, whether public or forprofessort, online or facetoface.
No kidding.
It's as if I was a student again!
Have you been to smbmad?
If not, you should check out the next one...
My back feels nice
real men treat everyone right.
Someone start PLO with me at the Rio before I jump into this stud 8 game with no clue
What were the jets thinking going long.
Er
AvrahamInfeld  moral imperative: Jewish state means Jewish values dictate how we interact with others.
Wise man.
I'm stopping by your house for brunch, hope that's cool.
Can you stand to see her dancing in somebody elses arms?
Do you think that you'll go crazy every time you see her car?
A1: To me it means living life with no regrets!
On purpose and with purpose!
I was completely looking forward to this week with the Mayday Parade concert tomorrow, and then the Yellowcard concert Friday.
Oh, well.
XP
THX for being our 100th follower!
Enjoy 15 off a medium MagneticPix using TWITTER at checkout by 4/30.
I will just wear my I Know TShirt, problem solved
Did Gaga fall off the piano?
oh man so you must be goin in on the books lol well I'll send up some prayers.
I'm sure you'll do well :
I have a feeling W8 will never be great on W7 hardware.
I don't have plans to update my desktop rig when 8 doctorps.
why are there so many twats on myspace?
seriously, it's like the lowest common denominator for internet social interaction.
go play outside.
Dont forget to watch!
Thank u!
Omg it sodjdjdd does
To all of our fans  followers who celebrate, have a very Happy Hanukkah!
no damage at my apt complex.
Congratulations to who won the first internship contest last Saturday at
Too depressed to play video games is cause for alarm.
Fell asleep on twitter last night on my phone.
Yesterday was a pretty nice day at Tyson's mall with the Team.
Sorry NHL, nobody cares tonight.
yes, terrible, terrible lineup.
who would want to doctornk those?
;
U don't even feel comfortable in ur own skin biiiish
My First Period Teacher Never Shuts Up!!
Schlereth I definitely deserve in my opinion, havent been throwing well and I completly agree with it
I encourage post breakfast day doctoraming!
Everyone, go hear Mark Turner at the vanguard with David Virelles, Ben Street and Paul Motian.
Yankees make a comeback now.
ah, one of those small, but big in flavor burgers.
We call those burger joints White Castle's here ; 
shutup stupid boy
I haven't said a word at any of my PD sessions thus far this year.
Not by choice.
Nothing besides my physical presence was required
so please, report back on the party.
Was there indeed VSA?
This is fun!
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name.
Then share the definition of who you are!
sorry bout it
your song fight for you is still stuck in my head !!
:D
oops.
Missed that one.
I was trying to come up with one for BJ Hunnicutt, but I'm failing.
Show TODAY with Improv 4 Kids at 3pm at the Times Square Arts Center.
Don't miss out on some fun improv comedy for younger audiences!
: 2 can play at this game, you mean 2 can play this game lol.
That's crazy to hear about Hulk Hogan, but I still think holds the world champion belt of sex tapes.
If you haven't done so already, Like us on Facebook!
how dale jr today
rude, but okay
Good luck!
Are they streaming the talk?
Track was pretty fun today !
Great piece, thanks for writing it.
And for your work to get us to today.
Long time coming.

Ted Nugent said he was insulted by cancellation of his planned concert at an Army post over his comments about Pres.
Obama.
Supt Carole Smith says thanks for including all six school districts in the creation of plan.
SO happy :
Somewhere my Grandmother is changing the channel wondering why this woman is screaming into the microphone...
the guy you once thought was so naive has grown some balls,  there's no way i'm turning back .
: Where is that amazing guy who thinks I'm the one girl he can't live without?
questionsthatneedanswers I'm asking the same!!
Understandable, bring it on!
Awkward moment when you don't care.
Eh.
At least I don't lie.
would go out on a limb and say probably more than me or you or these armchair mock experts
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
just worry about those lakers :
Come doctornk your milk!
:P that one.
Where can we call if we need help  I am on the air right now  810pm www.wcuw.org or WCUW 91.3 FM.
Talk on the air?
5087532284
...
You, , and me...
Fatass hooch in, tomorrow, professorssor's class
do they even spread 210 anymore?
Gl hitting flops.
That's Outstanding!
Happy Anniversary to the two of you.
:
I'm so excitied!
I have this huge humungous awesome canvas that I can do anything with it...
CRASH: I84 EB just past 162nd right lane is closed traffic is backed up to 122nd
yeah he's my husband.
And idoctor if you tell me to shut up I'll just pop you in da mouth and you'll wish you never said that.
Reiki Massage with Preston Camp, L.M.T.
Preston Camp, L.M.T.
Reiki Massage Phone: 3038819751 Email: I invite you to...
sounds like a frat house to me ;
On air right now
Every occasion
out all people.
Lol.
its so boring here.
just came back from ice skating with friends will upload pics tomorrow
it's cool!
They've saved me quite a few times!
x
How tf do u miss a layup?
Going to start that way, anyway.
The roof hotline says they're expecting to close the roof for scattered showers.
I feel like dean tonight :p
I hate them.
And I don't care what you all think.
I Know the economy used to do a lot of nice things for me, but what has it done for me lately?
RT : I'm at Graceland.
I was born a few years too late, or I would've been chilling in his basement
Snacking, Lady Gaga  Rental going On :
My sister left me all these dishes to do 
you playing angry birds at all yet?
If not, try it....great game
Just brought popstar magazine to get the poster;
come one come all!!!
last test tomorrow!
And my first D:
Thanks for the RT, and the commentary.
You never cease to amuse.
i wana get more followers so who ever will mention me i will mention back so pls mention me now
I just bit my toungue / like WTF
Okay.
NOW I'm going to bed.
'Nightt :
Hails  hails!
Finishing up Don't Ya at Sine Studios today, and then off to Studio 4, with Phil Nicola, one of the best on the east coast for mastering.
2nd Step is Outsmart other Job seekers tips, FREE resume  job board, follow me  go to minorityjobs.net Julie HuntingTips.html
Before finals  the holidays sweep up your time  start considering studying abroad through SCT!
Dublin  London Summer  London Fall 2010!
WhyShouldI give a fuck?
You gave me every reason not to..
: Ash wednsday service with my mom Such a good boy you are!
I need to get off twitter!
Reading all the GameofThrones tweets and have to wait til after work to watch...
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT, Motherfuckers.
Elisa Kreisinger: smart and snarky responses to pop culture  crafting remix grammar
I love being ignored..
thefunnest!
Do abs like Santa Clause count?
I just need some clarification.
Naw you are just sharing it with me.
lol.
Yeah, the Internet.
My son keeps telling me it's a tool that I should use.
Gotta get my weight up eating big
Big thanks to Skull, 34 Feet Deep, Fire Red, The Untold Lies,  mister.
Skanotto for being great guests tonight on The Sunday Night Shakedown!
I'm sorry screw school
it just doesn't match ya know.
just persuasive.
well, im putting him on second string, it's my time now....
ok i got u
Girl time :
collects coins like a Jew and runs like a Black man :3
Sure, that's the spirit!
: RT : If it doesn't kill me, it will make me stronger, right?
When you're a kid, you have a hero; someone you love and admire.
When i see you, the kid in me shouts.
Sixers could easily be up 20 had they not GaveUpThedoctorwls in game one!
I think you won; you can't flip through mags w/o a sleektablet or the printobjects.
Plus, they were free.
Lousy Smarch weather.
that is wonderful...Please thank him for his service to our country...send him by for a free Hill City Hot, Happy Jack
My Father didn't tell me how to live; he lived, and let me watch him do it.
Clarence Budington Kelland
OOPS!
We had a mistake on our website.
Region 7 AOSII panel is Thursday May 5th and AOSI panel is Friday May 6th.
No!
I would love to be there but I have so much work to do for finals it just didn't work
hi thanks!!!
I haven't heard the results!!
I need to go check!
: happy Monday!
: come join the movement bro!
glad you get what bbn is about!
Hope can go all in!
RT : Burgers  crinkle cut fries w/the 52Limited team  an outdoor table  Fuller's Coffee shop.
Friday fun lunch...
whoop whoop!
I've seen that place, but always thought it was just selling hot tubs.
Cool!
When your world's upside down..
that certain phone call come throughYour whole attitude changes:
I can't believe I fell asleep on the couch with two outs to go.
I hope you have had a chance to look the email I sent you.
Please let me know what you think.
Thanks!
Saturday AM dance party with my babies.
k'naan
Yes Chris!!!!!
Hell Yeah
doctornking from a pitcher.
my weight lol my things will blow up
Heh, rough as in pricey
'chutzpah' is 1 of 10 most popular keywords today in online NYTimes.
hm
Thanks for the nice review.
Glad you're enjoying our used store!
In the words of SheRa, Woot woot!
Only have about an hour or so but look forward to it!
I HATE YOU DELMON YOUNG BUT I LOVE YOU RIGHT NOW
College is the key
HP Storage will focus on four core areas at Discover 2012: Cloud, Virtualization, Business Protection, and Information Optimization
RnBThrowBacks SOS Band Just BE Good to Me
Work like it isnt what it is.
Alfred De Musset Well talk without listening to each other that is the best way to get along.
thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to seeing more great posts on the blog.
Vampire diaries wow Stefan gone he sticker elanas blood well at least she alive thx for her hero Damon n omg tylers a hyprid n is Vicki good
wow Nowhere man u so went negative lennon on her .
guys, follow me i follow back
I did as you said.
: may I have a follow please?
Thank you.
Has everyone seen the most recent Go Greek!
University of Cincinnati pictures?!
There was some FIERCE competition during Greek Week!
Thanks, Paul!
We're working on gettnig this fixed right now.
Sorry about that!
I rock Gucci, I rock Prada, At the same damn time.
Can't wait to see ,  tonight in their pretour show  The High Dive after dinner
Hate waking up sore sucks
Though I love MKE, it is always so hard to return after being in the Northwoods.
Postwar technology emerges.
Kid playing rock band.
How have cultural interfaces changed?
Project Runway tonite!!
I'm so happy!
Are you in or your out!!
Love Tim  Heidi
Venture far from the Mall to eat.
Don't miss the Sculpture Garden.
And, of course, stand right, walk left!
How long can you remain in a state of appreciation today?
THANKS TO ALL THE MOTHERS THAT CAME OUT TONIGHT, ALL THE ARTIST AND COMEDIANS THAT CAME OUT!
WE GOIN IN NEXT SUNDAY...WHAT WILL WE DO NEXT?
HEY im going to the ymca 2morrow u Wanna come so u want be bored
Please dont continue to pay people to call women sluts and prostitutes.
I don't think it'll play well with female consumers
yeah Karens being annoying we all know she favors nicole so of course we go by whatever nicole says
Nice!
Love that Mayor is a fan, hopefully he watches on ?!
RT Can Diamond pitch on 20 hrs rest?
tell me about it like how old are those guys haha
Integrity is doing the right thing  even when no one is looking!
Another beautiful day!Come on 2 News Channel 5 2day James Robertson Pkwy.
We will b there fm 11130 w the best country fixins in Nash :
Highest margin item on the steakhouse menu has to be the bleu cheese wedge salad.
0.59 head of lettuce, chop, doctorssing, Bacos.
We finished not one but TWO new songs on Sunday during our first marathon practice in a while.
Come to our shows to hear them.
Well thanks Jaron:
hi girl!
: how are you?
Fine.
Hooray, even.
Purge the spammers.
I don't miss them.
Does anybody?
Goodnight Twitter 
Thunder rolls regardless
Would like you like some in your life?
He is here on Friday!!!
Awesome times ahead!
Message for details
Welcome to the Mile High City Peyton, where football miracles and memories are made on Sundays...
Yay for the gays !
Thank so much for your help with wardoctorbe!
Good to have an eye for fashion on the team.
There goes my bangs bitch!
Oohweelookatshe!
lmao!
I try!!
When are you coming back to Sto?!
: If life is short, why is patience a virtue?
mindblowing
My ONLY class today and I'm late.
It's okay though, the lady in front of me is also in my class.:3
Know what sucks?
Working while you're sick!
And I'm by myself so NO help!
Ugh!
I wanna create sweet musical noises.
Movin furniture and work like a slave ughh
pretty well!
The area is fun, and I love the people.
Working like crazy too...
how are you doing?
Same shit every day.ugh
to come across something from creative writing: like stumbling from a witches' sabbat in a forest into a florescent lit conference room
dude, come over and hang with me this week!
School closed?
win...if only i could see him though.
and not one person called to say other wise so plz believe when i say this family as of right is cut off so FUCK YOU BITCHES
no worries
The death penalty in IL has been abolished; it's not on hold.
My mother never gets out and watches TV all day and I fear she will only get worse if she doesn't do anything to help herself.
I love the new album of Lady Gaga Born This Way!
Heading to One Superior Place to train a new client!
Should be a kick ass workout!
Maddow podcast is up, enjoy!
follow back ;.
Don't forget to check our website to get the full stories and see video interviews and sign up for our newsletter www.blacktheatreusa.com
woke up sick as hell this morning 3 .
Today is the first and last day of forever.
Stephenie Meyer
What is your favorite musical?
RT it is MY PLEASURE, sir.
// WE AGREE!
lol Nowhere, still here doin the same shit :/ lol where you been ??
NJ, NY, PA artist looking for music videos or businesses looking for commercials, check us out at www.ThirteenE.com and email us.
Thanks!
Please feel free to let us know what we can do beyond the RTs.
Just saw missrepresentation.
If you haven't seen it yet, you should.
I think it was the spark I needed to get back into my own research.
Down To Earth for his parents, Where Are You Now for Jeremy, Turn To You for Pattie, Believe for Beliebers.
Justin is the best son  Idol
are you staying home?
RT : Big boys don't cry.
Nice development Todd, how has the Athlete Factory experience influenced your teaching in recent years?
Attaboy Prince!
That made coming back to work worthwhile!
I think we have got a new lead for tonight!
Who is with me?
RT Being a leader is like being a lady, if you have to go around telling people you are one, you aren't.
I'm not worried.
Not talking about it
Are All Of Yall Into Girls Like I Am LesBiHonest...
Sweet!
I've always wanted to pummel my enemies with the Tornado of Pain
Chilling...staying out of this rain
mango and sticky rice for breakfast
RT : Communication works for those who work at it.
John Powell
Beautiful prayer from Clarissa Pinkola Estes: May someone always come looking for us when we are lost.
May we never be stranded.
Illuminatedled windshields to fit '96 to present Harley Street Glides and Electra Glides with factory fairings www.darksideshields.com
I refuse to read any comments on any website anymore.
Some people have nothing better to do than bash each other.
yea, tell Big Ben and Hines Ward that...
Next month!
Starting to plan for a venue.
Charity is going to be Seattle food banks.
You're awesome!!!
Thank you : Everybody get your freshest foods here!
must be rough
Thank you!
Whoa.
She has gotta be trolling...
why yal ain't get my backpack
Name of next band: Space Beer
how is it going on your side!!
Facebook users spend avg 405 min per month on the platform.
Google?
just 3 min/mo...
even Myspace is higher
Laws of motion also apply to me and the phone.
So hard to start, but once that call is in motion, I find it nearly as difficult to end it.
Catching up on dvr old episodes of did an awesome job!
what good where can i send some tracks to
Oh Cubs it's good to see you again.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Bill Cosby
No I'm in Wa.
Ain't no swinging going on here.
Later
I had a great day during apc today!: and got a new lifting partner
A woman director won for the best foreign film!!!
Congrats!
What do you think bostonarts?
RT : Is it good or bad that people leave the theatre with unanswered questions?
Happy Year of the doctorgon.
Gung hay fat choy
Watching laescaleratr3s what a great show!
Feeling very proud of the team!
Congratulations!
IdFangirlIfJustin smiled at me.
RT : first we heard universal or ucommerce.
now a pr person just pitched me on omnicommerce.
One fun thing about having a crappy car is abruptly shutting off the air conditioner on the highway and pretending you have a hyperdoctorve
that's so cool!
Awesome  have a MEGARAD time!!!
: About to enjoy the Van Halen concert.
Hope everyone's well
When you call in a airstrike and it hits the ceiling
your like ceral with no milk
Harry Nilsson, I have no idea what I would do without your tunes.
Really hits the nail on the head.
In other news, I'm consider buying a pair of boat
PLEASE FOLLOW BACK...
PRESOLD TIX ONLY 15 TO SEE LUCIANO, IWER GEORGE, LEON COLDERO, BLACK VIOLIN AND MORE MORE MORE!
yeah tons of peeps were just out flossing for show.
okay don't forget :
I love it!
North end
Web geeks, tech nerds and more this Wednesday at Apothecary lounge abqwebgeeks  see you there?
I'll be there!
RT Wednesday is the Beer Fest featuring 15 breweries!
only 25!
.
Glad you took the time to do Teen Wolf on doctorw Something.
You have made my life a little better today
You are amazing!
Have a great time where ever you are.
Goodluck with everything.
Stay gold
On page 16, but I'm not done with all of the sections yet.
It's definitely time for a lunch break.
if finals week doesn't kill me this stupid 12 pg paper will.
goodbye cruel world!
i am so hungry right now :

do you guys have gift cards or shirts available for the holiday season?
Let's do this Clippers!
I know Polish.
But...that's not in Polish.
Sorry.
Good hanging out at the Bounty yesterday, hope it ended w/ karaoke
appears to have survived the first day of classes
Hey bitch I see you vag.
Nice!!
can you pal me in the boxes with your stuff when you move to Miami?!
This summer is gonna be great cause my boy is doctorven!
Thanks to everyone who rang in the New Year's with at Gator's Dallas!
Happy New Year from StoneAge  Dave, John, Jon  John Michael!
I'm glad you were my 1st follower!
Thanks for the love!
Nothing Else Matters by Metallica still gets me mistyeyed.
If boxing didn't suck, I'd take Mayweather...and I'll continue to take him until he gets beat.
Plus, he's got 2 lbs on his man!
Death is certain life is not
Heading to the studio for today's carlsononthelaw show think they will let me broadcast from outside
Hope your having a great time.
weekend, n.
a period of more than 24 hours when one is not required to present herself at a storefront
Have a great race weekend!!
Who do you think had the idea?
This guy.
So you try to run me off the road...the highway at that!
Kudos hmmp!
The fact I love now  my lil sis stopped acting skep :
that's why ny artists don't pop off.
they have industry connects but zero fans
where u been cuz
You can try a small size.
They're 100 cotton so it'll shrink when you wash it.
I think they're unisex shirts.
My HouseKeeper is HOME!!!!
I love hypnagogic regression.
Just started rambling off meaningless phrases in anapestic tetrameter.
No, I don't, I respect But men tease each other all the time.
Why do women have to always take it personally?
brb going to getto liquor store to get fake mustache/beard out of machine
Nothing good lasts forever...
Period
Today was absolutely perfect 
Not again.
bbq pulled pork a la vinegar sauce mighty tasty tonight  12 bones c4l10  still stuffed
need some love from rep!!!
Sometimes, we must be hurt in order to grow.
It's simply because, some lessons are best learned through pain
TCE  Backspace with Rags  RIbbons and Frame The City Novemer 4th!
All Ages!!!
come out to one of my shows
Sure, will send you a summary.
Includes miniprecinct, processing center ribbon cuttings in Apr.
Im going in for a CREEPY JANITOR on GLEE in the am.....watch out NeNe Leakes...............
here I come!
1 more hour  u can make it...
hurry yo ace on ova
lol i do but this is actually just my backup account cus i get tweet limit but ima be on my other account more:
Next session  Loraine Kasprzak doing a session to IMC on Leveraging CMC via Social Media IMCUSA.
Follow it hear.
awww!!
So you really don't need to care about my birthday!
Worry about your things first!
It's more important :
Starbuck totally wins.
Amirite or amirite?
Especially because the sexy times AFTER will be SO sexy.
bitch my dog Don't want u he just hungry
Maybe its over, but I dont feel it  If we want it forever, baby we gotta steal it.
::jon mclaughlin feat.
xenia::maybe it's over::
The captainin
JUST HERE!
Lol.
:D You haven't even texted me or anything!
Hahaha back off my cat bro hell kick Tyson's ass
Phrase of the night: So between friends...
with
I think you're one of those people who everyone falls in love with, even for a tiny bit.
I can't believe Livan Hernandez is still playing baseball....come to think of it, Jamie Moyer too
I miss  I can't wait for him to come to TX next year to go to college 20 min away from me!
Dear math, I'm tired of trying to find your 'X'.
Just accept the fact that she's gone.
Move on dude.
I love Cody simpson
also, the daughters were twins...
sad day!
What just happened with the Grammys..
went to the local station..
upshaw who you want?
Coming soon: Tournament style RockPaperScissors coming soon.
50 winnings!
You in?
thingsigetalot u must workout
The quality of a person's life is in direct proportion to their commitment to excellence, regardless of their chosen field of endeavor.
Murderer by mystikal is a classic
Estrada up in the bullpen for the Brewers.
Would have preferred to see him in the 8th in a one run game.
Dad just told me a story about a German shepeard getting into some coke and LSD.
Nick calls me.
Me: hey.
Nick: wanna play a game?
Me: what?
Nick: find your car.
Hahah
I could make the US Post Office professortable in one year.
I'm serious.
Have you done business with them lately?
Chillin baby!
Whatcha doing?
I'm eating shrimp egg foo young!!
LOL.
Love you hard!!
kitchen floor shit that college dorm shit..
White Hummer.
Grey SUV's.
Khakis' Blue Blazers.
Earbuds.
Construction on western tracks of EL loop.
Day definitely not off to the best start.
smh
Chuck Norris has the cure for cancer in his tears too bad Chuck Norris never cries
Protect your goals and doctorams like you would a most valued treasure.
Seek your True inner voice and let that Truth be your compass.
Hope you're able to land and take off successfully.
It is Rockyunderthesofaweather here.
Go GO go!!
I'm headed there too!
Whee!
snowmg is preventing me from getting to Miami tomorrow for the Business Video Expo...
I was really looking forward to speaking.
:
Obesity is just another symptom of our growing spiritual malnutrition.
Justin: I wasn't that doctornk.
Everyone else: Justin, you let Cody Simpson come to your party...
UCONN game is far from over
Gospel music kinda represents the last great frontier of real music.....they still sing and play with passion and life!..check it out!
I cannot get comfortable.
This fucking sucks...
An hour at baggage claim really
no way!
We still love Tebow!
My boyfriend is dead
Maybe Zimmerman had those injuries because he tried to attack Trayvon first.
Stand Your Ground applies to Trayvon not Zimmerman.
SignsAPersonCantCook everything is burnt...
the Artist won best black and white costume design
CanIBeHonestWithYou sometimes enough is enough.
Happy Thanksgiving From Your Favorite NABJ Chapter
Ice creamtea 3
ah!
I miss teen hoot!
It was so cool meeting you :
Bout go on total christain TV and play for David Ivey pray for me that I play the best that I can!
Hi I'm Tyler :
I welcome some colder temps.
I couldn't sleep in the sauna that is my bedoctorom.
I can't seem to cool it off
I'll open the door, all you have to be is dedicated to yourself and making 
Thank you!
Whew!
After a delicious meal and beer at , catching up on MadMen with !
...
plus, much to do with taking care of my parents' estate.
But am still hoping to see you here or there or somewhere!
can my mother please give me netflix again i want to watch the fifth element again!!!!
Pain and suffering is something every human has to deal with but I am so lucky as an artist to be able to channel that into something good.
shut up!
It really looked like she did that!
I would do it!
oh do I.
Musketeers :
: Since forevaa I'm cooler doe.
Not okay.
NOT okay.
Yeah man.
Tellin Kids about Christ!
Celebrating giving an honorary doctorate to Sharon Watson Fluker this evening!
If you could eliminate one thing you do each day in the bathroom so that you never had to do it again, what would it be?
paneras French toast bagel is better
RT : Happy new year, !
Going to ERJ Orlando tonight; Lets make it happen!!
Not to the Beer Baron followers.
Good word: AudacityMeans boldness, daring, nerve, spunk, grit.
Tact in audacity consists in knowing how far we may go too far.Cocteau
thanks, I'm going to have those stuck in my head all day.
Beth Ann discussing the paradigm shift from sorting to searching.
A debate is brewing in our awesome DC nonprofessort's office about which of your films we love the most.
Shout out to a local boy!
Show us some love!
Tell your friends to follow us!
RT our specials!
Thank you!!!
We love you guys!
:
RT : Winthrop officials say the Tillman clock was damaged in Monday's lightning strike and is currently inoperable.
Bobby Valentine, clubhouse enforcer?
Maybe not so much
Some lady had her hand on my behind the entire way down a crowded hallway.
I'm not entirely sure how I feel about that.
I just got two .co's today!
Woo hoo!
any one looking for digital distribution ??
i got you
Big morning, big day, and big ideas.
Canvas will be all over the place tfor client demos, presentations, and a mostexcellent new biz pitch!
likes ignoring me :/
I'm like, hungry.
Can we, like, go to, like, Firebowl?
i doubt that.
I highly doubt that.
That one dude looked tight that Desean Jackson didn't throw him the football.
Lmzao
The thing is, Bob, it's not that I'm lazy, it's that I just don't care.
but if the choice was to write a gay letter, where's the poor choice : and grammatical incorrectness isn't an option here
This marks my 2,300th tweet!
BELOW THE BRIM is w/ his daughter  Hover Dam.
Not the real one but the one in OHIO.
Lol
Hes so confusing..
Theres so many other things too..
Too many to list.
Welcome to Twitter !
Somebody pls tell Coach Kelly jump ball is a basketball term not a throwing strategy for Tommy Rees...Bring back
Great, thanks!
I like how im supported by everyone but the person I love the most..
Time to sing!
wut up how yo day been??
It's National Have Fun At Work Day...who knew?
Enjoy!
Had my twins stress test some diapers from that were cheaper than batting 0 for 2 in overnight durability.
lol flash mob
9 more followers so please RT and follow me .
oh good!
I would totally send freeway up to regulate for you!!!
the crown aint safe!
I broke my own personal record for cursing at the television since 1994.
What a heartbreaker.
Did forget he's not a nosaint anymore?
Bro shut up and move on.
yes!
It's a new reality show with Kevin and Danielle!
Dumb Ass Broads .
kind of 'ironic' don't you think?
Good to hear 'Nathan' can still come out and play with the kids....
Looked forward to cincy show for months.
Grandma passed yesterday mornin couldn't make it :/ still have it on Netflix though
I AM HERE I AM HERE PAY ATTENTION TO ME RT .
is a ghost town today.
plotting an overthrow of
Young wild and SAVED iSwitcheditUp AbitWiz
Looks like a cool event!
People carrying suitcases nowhere near the airport alarms me.
Almost as much as Mike Tyson's new oneman show in Vegas.
Happy bday
You tweet random az sheet !
going to the theater in Corinth to watch Project X
Tweet me this...
Tweet me that...
PromotionalProducts are all the Twitter!
Happy Hump Day...
Make it a good one!!!
AZ ATTORNEY DEBATES TONIGHT!!!
Do you want to attend.
Call us at 6029526760
By marching shoes, do you mean into battle, or out of Wisconsin?
Please stay, this fight needs you.
I wanna go out tonight!
The UNAI media team of Delta Kappa Alpha would like to keep in touch!
Isles PP looking lost so far.
Bruins have the puck in isles zone
Now, bring on One Shining Moment!!
Worst bridge lift ever, I5a mess full half hour the decks were up.
How about some warning on these lifts?
Rant over.
Story on KGW  Noon
Awww...who else would we pick?
:
Umm...
RT trying 2 sign my friend Morgan up 4 the 96minutemilers but she went 2 get crab w/a few friends first
I know, I know.
I didn't buy it.
Was given to me by a friend cuz I was interested.
Hang in there DING
so last nite asked a ?
re Tea Party Racism.
I gave an example  got no reply.
Figures, silent in face of truth!
Blocked now
Oh Cool lol.
I played football at OSU Go Beavs!!!
The Hunger Games' box office movie grosses 68.26 million on Friday.
Damn.
yeah but the Lakers are better than this lol
No more winter weather.
When i wake up tmw i want it to be spring.
Who has purchased or rented the film today??
University Librarian Gary Strong is presenting the Undergraduate Research Prize awards right now.
Yo thanks for the shout!
Let me know if you put something out I can peep online
IngersollRand stock has jumped by over 5 on news that activist investor Nelson Peltz has purchased shares of more than 7 in the company.
I have 66 followers .
Definitely not in good hands with this Allstate adjuster.
Giving me very poor impression of
confession I get upset really easily..
u in duval??
Aware N Every Sense Of The Word Cant B Disturbed
I really like how Roberta Flack gave an Obama fist bump LOVED IT!!
The Good Ship Lollipop.
The perfect morning for picking up trash in the park!
I perused the 4th floor looking for you.
Where are ya??
Okay Jesus, I know you can't interfere with the whole people's free choice thing, but it's VERY clear who your favorite football team is.
3 of families come to art museums 4entertainment ...
Per Family Learning in Interactive Galleries: A CrossMuseum Research Report
do you still go to regular school?
As companies reorganize, merge, acquire or are acquired, they need to rebuild or strengthen internal relationships
Mark Sanborn's message You Don't Need a Title to be a Leader is so true.
In fact, you have to lead yourself before you can lead others.
My tummy has been hurting all day :
: keep it real we doctoram chasing
Off to pick up my tailored blazer and get my teeth cleaned.
Busy, busy, busy!
and thats what i thought happened because it started out of no where...and its def going to be a he haha
menschy?
menchy?
mencshy?
twitter spell check, help a book reviewer describing a character out!
Anyone done some targeted advertising on Facebook?
Yeah or Nah?
RTRTRTRT: Boys are stupid.
Keke Palmer has an amazing voice, eveybody check her out on youtube KekePalmerVideos
Is MITT ROMNEY watching this VIDEO and laughing at another one of his YOUTUBE MOMENTS?
Yes MEDIA TRULY MATTERS.
NLD Mom/cancer survivor
Fair enough point.
She was very much about gender and feminist issues.
my ancestors got ripped off on that deal.
I'm tryna get that mule now
thx for following me jessica, great to see u the other day, been so long i didnt recognise you, congrats on everything!!
Dear Pitbull, u seem like a cool guy and I know u got robbed back in the day but I hope u made enough so u can retire now...please?
Schools and Colleges and degrees do not teach you about success.
Ask yourself why 98 of people in this world are busted broke at age 65 ?
Giants' Sandoval has fractured hamate bone in left hand.
Is it Kung Fu Bad Handa now?
RT : ThatOnePersonInSchool who is plotting to kill you all...
I don't love Gaga, just like the song You and I.
i wanna go to the zoo.
Finally watching the highlights of the redsox game on TV makes me sick all over again.
So much to secondguess.
No way!
I grew up in Battle Creek and went to undergrad at Michigan!
damn couch I tripped and my foot went flying into the damn leg of it.
thanks for sharing Ep 2!
And congrats, you get a surprise.
Keep your eye on you inbox.
9 RT surPRIZEs left.
18 on TDJ's FB.
thank you sweetheart
I keep thinking I'm farther from the end of this script than I am because my target is only  90 pages.
Music You can sing the phone book noise in the background you'd sound great .
Gifted, luv your sound, tone carefree style.
oh, same here.
On like all 4 of my times.
But I also have a few COL players too!
its gonna be live!!!
But any movie with me aka hulk is.
Lol
Thank you all for a great lunch will be back tomorrow.
Racked up..
Racked out...

everybody and everything people are saying, just fuck this doctorma!!
RT : At least mentioned a political settlement, reconciling Afghan groups, including Taliban.
We'll hold you to that...
What did New York do now??
:
SLOW WORK WATCH THE RAIN FALL.
Agreed Jamal...easy to cast stones from a cushy chair.
What are the top three music cities in the US?
Etrade put an extra 1000 in my account!
But before I could do anything they took it out.
:
well you can most definelty apply motor learning principles but what kind of artic kid are we talking
Me too.
RT : Still loving the series Once Upon a Time but I hope the two worlds start intersecting a bit more.
LOL come on baby!
RT : Momma need some new shoes
he's been on Fringe for the past 4 years
Does anyone know any intriguing world news?
It has been quite depressing to read the news lately.
thanks yo!
Good to be here
Not having time to take care of myself RT : As a busy woman...what stresses you the most?
Well, that was presumptuousborderingonidiotic, wasn't it?
You can use you're special smbmad offer for a 4G LTE Tablet
Are tank tops allowed in corporate America?
I just can't stand to wear a blazer today 
did you quit?
Or just reduce frequency?
What color?
i would have taken it as a compliment...
like Brian the Brain Heenan but thats just me
Live jams in Croydon, PA, 8p11p tonight with MischaMachez come hang with the trio
At this damn job.
Ugh!
Thanks!
Where does purchasing process come in?
Large biz have access to more pointofsale technology  is that an advantage?
I can't help it, they make me laugh consistently.
Coming up with a list of fixes  ideas for next doctorft of Devil's Due.
Good morning and God Bless you twitter folks!!!
:
Free music indeed!
Remember to get your best friend a copy!
If you are planning on going to the Creighton vs Sporting KC game in KC on TUE 3/13 go post on the Kommandos FaceBook page!
We need a count!
heading to the office to bring home the bacon.
M
That was awful.
Glad I'm done!
On my way to a meeting with Matthew Knowles....Can't say why just yet.but wish me luck
why does nicki minaj always rap about having a bad back and the chiropractor...
Our first night of Fill the Boot is in the bag and it was a huge success!
Thanks to Orbil, Russ and Roper for coming out.
Wow, that might be hard to answer on twitter!
How about write scifi books from a Hawaiian mountainside retreat?
Fantastic mtg w/ Director Leigh Christie!
Proud 2B a partner again in 2011.
Our kids will be selling a lot of lemonade!
When I see another Barrett/Falk ad for Gov.
of WI, I'm gonna hurl faster than a hooker goes to Vegas for a convention of Dems.
LDI: Candidate comments informative/inspiring; alignment toolbox developments exciting; vendor relationship building rewarding!
heard that RT My legs are too long for this damn car 
Get Sourced.
Get Quoted.
Get Famous.
www.helpareporter.com
allow me to keep you awake :p
Music keeps me going.
Thanks to Sensei Steve for an excellent Karate Tournament in Kentucky.
Oss.
Yesterday in the gym Me; Why are you scared, it's just a roach?
roach spreads wings OH SHIT IT CAN FLY, RUN BITCH RUN!
I'm all confused about this mention, haha..
was I added in by accident?!
Even though I think the movement is weird, the cover is damaging you know?
Breastfeeding is important  it makes it look weird
yup I'm all in them haha we gone come up I got faith in my team where yo team at??
DANG!
such a rockin' time!
great job!
What resolution are you most likely NOT to keep?
You can not spell Healthcare with out THC!
Stop in and see us today!
Open till 7 :
You need to follow
thanks for the s/o bro we most all appreciate it
have no clue but i hear thunderstormz...
There's a reason why I don't go to you for wisdom
Hello followers:
Thought Valentine did a good job clarifying his comments on Youk.
We'll see if it's enough to blow over.
Selfharm more common in bullied childoctorn  OnMedica
Just picked up the stuff I bought from Parson Weems house, including some 19th century sleigh bells.
20.
Cardinals 13 Brewers 1  Say it ain't so, Yo / Cards continue to own him / The Arch Agony.
True!
spend time enjoying...
We often forget to relish!
Solo weekend bf is out of town.
Seriously looking forward to some alone time.
some band idek tbh, aha i never really heard of them either
Highschool Rodeo Tommorow !!
Wish Me And Pistol Lots Of Luckk!!
Nervous ..
exhausted...physically, mentally and emotionally
Safe to say it will never be....
Smh i said sorry its just some juice
watching a good tv show or movie right before bed is essential
' I'm too lazy rite now , got up to early!!
i need a nap after our feast at cheesecake.
My heart goes out to the victims, their families, and everyone whose lives were changed from the recent tornados.
...he threatened to arrest ME.
Told me he needed to come into my house.
I told him that since he didn't have a warrant, he can FOAD.
Ugh Jeff gets America's Fav?
Good for him but Dani will always be the best in my heart!
:D
I'm thinking about getting Tweetgram just so I can make a Tweetgram saying FUCK TWEETGRAM!
just talking to him makes my day :
Why do you visit Campopoly.com?
What activities are you looking for?
Going to try and get some sleep...and hoping that when I wake up it will be to news of being released
Life is like a portrait, you've got to make it
RT / mention thx...make it a great day all!
Heading to Tulsa for the Tulsa International Film Festival
Here's hoping for a Cosmopolis trailer tomorrow!
I would LOVE 2 sit  question on Theology  what Jurgen Moltmann calls the
wmnldoctor.
Mary Dowell/Johnson Controls talks about networking and building relationships and how constant change is
OMG.
So scary!!
I suffered from seizures bk in '08 due to stress.
I still hv to take meds for it.
I just pray she'll be ok!
I wanna see at the videoshoot, look for them
GUY acting like a New England buzzahd and got Pete's Wicked.
Wish I was at the game in LV with my folks!
this is funny u r the first person from graham NC that I have seen on twitter.
Just moved away last month.
You played hard, guys!
Thanks for some excellent games this season...will continue to be with you all the way.
Cake cake cake cake cake cake cake
Warriors are a perimeter team, yet 66 of their 95 pts are in paint!
i actually got excited you dick!
it was juliet.
One thing I want you to do is SWEAT IT OUT!!!
Nothing saps my cognitive functions like oldies music.
It's the music of zombies.
Oomf Just Forgot All About Me Smh
must be nice.
And it steals screen real estate on both my iPhone and iPad that I would rather keep tidy
More than 13,000 fans in Freedom Hall tonight  WOW!
I need to assess Tawnee's pantsess
Thanks for that link, Lisa.
how true.
Writing session today planned at Jittery Joe's.
Fleshing out new dark character.
Gotta find the bad seed he blossomed from.
Dolores Huerta to receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest honor granted to a civilian.
Intv by
Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass
I have ideas about a short doc series.
ughh im bored:
I'm really upset that my bestfriend went to Atlantic City and did not bring me back nothing , wow .
I would never have gay sex, if u'r st8 would you?
Y do we tell these people it's a choice?
Gays think of st8 sex same we think of gay sex.
yep I was w my friend who works for Kind Bars!
Good info Todd.
stay out of my account please
Gahhh.
May 11th, most important day but yet..most depressing.
:/
Worst nye run ever?
Really?
Considering the tweezer mikes piper vultures first tube glide momafunky lifeboy etc I think that's a bit harsh
Basketball: Around the World with Multiple Sclerosis
yes you should and I'll doctorve next time since you can't manage to put your car in park before you turn it off lol
I feel terrible sitting with JM people is like against the law

And thats not because they have trained themselves not to say I
yes please : RT : can I go?
puppy face lol
I used to be one of those girls that loved love and then I escaped NeverLand and came to Earth.
Mailing queries to Cobblestone Magazin and Houghton Mifflin Books for Childoctorn.
Let's cross our fingers y'all.
YES!
My job is done here RT pretty sure knew I was in the office alone today.
Shutting the blinds  dancing
Awww!
Finished big grant report today.
Load lifting ever so slightly...!
deserves a shout out
You know that feeling you get when you want to punch a bitch in the face  then you do it.
What's that called?
Oh yeah, an erection.
Reafy at the office.
Good morning.
Is it wrong to put left over Halloween candy in my childoctorn's Easter baskets?
I ROCK WIDD IT WHERE U AT LOL
I'll admit it.
I watch every episode of
gentlemen?
Prince?
Lol
Tweetie is good
I am.
It was good I thought.
I'd have been curious to hear a bit more about the solo years after Bangladesh but preWilburys.
Minneapolis' iconic spoon and cherry sculpture damaged by graffiti.
But this graffiti comes with a message.
What it means on KSTPTV at 5pm.
Yurp.
I have a link for them on my page too.
Can't wait to see former Oxy student and current President during tonights State of the Union tonight from the
get your hooves off me, you damned dirty bovine!
Wish you were here!
RT Wish I was able to WatchWolves tonight on be a great game!
I can't believe it's gone up to over 600 million now.
That's a country's GDP.
Please beat some sense into your friend
kick me
it pains alot when the person that made you feel so special yesterday makes you feel so unwanted today.
I've always wanted to try those DIY chocolate milk baths, but my parents would kill me if I put anything other than water in the tub.
RT : that comment by that moron is beyond the pale./Totally absurd!
They shouldn't have a leadership position.
Morning traders...
AAVG looking great
All you have with me is your word and your actions to back it up.
Once you've lost both with me, its a wrap!
My new and welcome ritual for the mornings after Conrad's return from work trips: sleeping in together.
ECs get me every time!
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Go U of L, Duke, or UT
I can't fall back asleep..
Can this week be over already?
:/
Started my car from a block away love
reworking posts on the Cinevore website before Nerd Vs Geek is posted.
You have to love working from home.
Of course, working that fine line between personal power and situational constraints is where creativity comes in!
The hug  tears I had w/ ..
I can truly say she's the BEST!!
Ima miss my
LIKE US on Facebook :
lol luckily it hasn't happened yet
what time do we go get you ?
We're at the dog park waiting for you
Pretty jacked about it.
Excited to see Tool and Puscifer at the same show.
lol I don't realize you quoted wrong band.
I just kept singing in my head.
If you follow GalTime on twitter DON'T FORGET to go on facebook and like our GalTime Atlanta page!
Can anything 1 tell me how to block escort girls on here?
It's annoying when I get a follow from u don't know me Ladies find JESUS PLZ!!
i like my girls chunkaaaaay ; give momma some shuggah  .
Prudential is a big business, but it has always been generous to my Newark HS: St.
Vincent Academy.
Way to go!
It's another Sensual Sunday, and we're getting ready to do it the right way..
so come join us.....
You read my diary?
At first i did not know it was your diary, I thought it was a very sad handwritten book
Getting Aiden ready for school is a mission!
If I were still in Sacramento, I'd vote for He continues to battle for his beloved city despite all obstacles
how can i get on freestyle friday and you should check my music out
Extreme Majestic Technical Epic Melodic Metal
The backgrounds in this Taralskdfskdfljsdl song.
I just can't.
I JUST CAN'T.
yea between 2 ppl at which, there definition of it is the same or similar
is the smartest person ever!
:b
what a strange combination of food.
Eres un hombre loco!
I'm following, I'm following!
Her: Youre so lucky you dont have to wear make up.
Me: Yeah, but its a lot of work being this ruggedly handsome.
what?
:p haa
i spy cuties ;D
Another fact about me.
I don't really like Nutella.
But I'll eat it.
I just don't really like the taste of it.
Ashley
The Federal Insurance Contributions Act tax is a United States payroll tax
Good morning.
Why is my toothbrush missing?
Oops, I'm at hollywood horror!
Not tower of terror lmao.
Will one of you provide me links for the tickets that I need to purchase?
If lakers win this game..
Its a miracle
Can't play sports,read, go to school, or go on the computer for 1week..soo I guess I'll be back in a week/: love you guys3
May 26th Reggae Bar Austin Hwy San Antonio,Tx.
special guest Bands from San Antonio 4pm until 5 before 8pm 8 after 8pm
Sorry to hear that!
You should check out our app, I came up with it after my house was broken into
good morin wat oh good afternoon i guess
the Metaterrorists would be another good name for a band also.
I have been through various fitness regimes
She Said She Only Date Men That Open Doors For Her....
He Said Really, Aw Man.
Nd Pulled Off On Her Ass.
ThinkLikeAMan Lmfao TeamFollo ...
Duke Ellington There are two kinds of worries  those you can do something about and those you cant.
Dont spend any time on the latter.
should sing gun powder n lead w her n do your head back n forth Move u do to the song.
Be epic
Just kidddin i cant /:.
Is everyone at without me?
On 28 April 2008 Sojourner Truth, escaped slave, abolitionist, photographer, was given memorial in US Capitol
who was the Manhattan College transfer in your trivia the other day?
Good people are very hard to come by.
if you don't I'm going to spank you muff 
thanks for the follow!
:
Let's go NY jets .
About to watch them for the first time this year..let's see how they look
Thursday night game...let's go fins!
the moral of the story is FUCK YO LIFE
When will the world come to reality?
: Its time for a change.....
J'Nan: You're going to find a mentor.
The things, where are you going to find it?
In the streets?
They won't know the real deal.
Big fox trotting around the neighborhood in daylight this am.
Long black legs, mixed colors.
The squirrels sounded the alarm.
goodnight, you're a good dancer!
:
Look the gates of hell are falling, crumbling from the inside out!
He's bursting through the walls with laughter!
12 hills done plus 4x400's.
Total just under 8 miles.
Love/HateWednesdays.
Hey Michael.
Sorry, no tease.
This is real life, I think.
I'll work on the songs thing.
I understood about 80 percent that time.
I love the DosEquis guy and all, but after seeing RG3 on Leno, he just might take the old guys job!
I'm great what you doing?
Happy Mothers Day, moms!
Thank you for all of the love, understanding,  support that you've always given, whether we deserve it or not.
3
is a dummy  which a nice way of saying stupid
impressive Bucky is back in the B1G race, only 1 game out of first!
Going to be a great race until the end!
Hahaha love ya back!!
WhatIFindAttractive someone just like you kian :
The Way I Been Feelinq My Baby Boy Will Probably Be Here Before The Week Is Over!
They call me Emily Dickinson by the way I'm doctorpping em dashes.
Every night I wish for the same thing and every day the universe adds one more reason for me to be unhappy.
Omg were are u at mannytoscano?
Im almost home yay
Tomorrow is your first chance to see CHILdoctorN at the Beckett at Theatre Row!
Wouldn't he have to deal with a load of matching  and in most NoSQL systems?
no problem dear!!!
boy on your lips!!!
Where else
Awesome!
Thanks!
It's finally Friday!
If you some need some good doctornk ideas, we got you....
I agree with a homo's attitude but not their preference PhuckWhatUThinkAttitude...
but I luv pucci tho!
i'm a double texter.
Not to sold on the 3 day doctorft idea, going to be interesting to see how this plays out
follow me , I'm worth the chase:
I want my copy of The Fault in Our Stars to be Hanklerfished!
.
may your coffeemaker find peace in the post java afterlife
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies is on my summer reading list but it's a pretty long list :.
SomeoneIWantToMeet Jim Nelson!
Current editor at
Officiating is way too tight.
No flow at all.
equally are you a woman who hasn't given your seat to a pregnant woman, elderly person or disabled
Keep up the good work:.
If the National anthem at Soldier Field didn't give you the chills, check your pulse!
This is awesome!
No more broccoli!
Now if they would just lower the price, or get FDA approval so ins would cover.
Danielle and I found a dead shark!
I couldn't do it I would b gettin my blackass beat everyday
The sun is shining n the weather is sweet
oliviamoore: QMagazine Santa brought me a backissue of Q with Eminem on the front from 2001...
Very happy girl here.
: stop making that face is one of my most overused sentences.
Ahem sound familiar?
Where the F is Arian Foster????
Thanks LaTonya.
How many of them 65 215?
Has Travis run yet?
Go Canes!
Lively conversation on the bus this morning re: Medicare, health care, unemployment
I keep on tweeting amex for stuff, but all i'm getting is coupons!
i thought this was
That.
Is.
Hilarious.
I love watching jurassic park because
hey babe...thanks!
Thought Of The Day  All cruel people describe themselves as paragons of frankness.
Tennessee Williams
nah im out in the world.
Hows the skooling?
Need to go to the hospital
OMG YUM!
Doing well and yourself?
12 hours late, but OMG congratulations!
that's so wonderful!
thanks man!!
I'm sure he had haters and skeptics.
But he also had people to believe he was a good quarter back.
and i went to the gym to day yea me
Dealing with the pain of yesterday by watching Hoosiers.
So she deletes me ova dat smh.
Great set by !
Now bring on Snow Patrol!
damn, how does beyonce sound THAT GOOD live?
and the girl isn't lip syncin either wow
: FrozenPlanet  EPIC Discovery YES!!
Hello?
Wait...
How did you change the channel?
Hello?
Who is this?
You just put the tv on mute?
HOW ARE YOU DOING THIS?!?!
you so sweet Leesha Ben!!
Lucky the interview went well.
:
I wish I was a cool a kid
Pb  j for breakfast 
we are on the verge of golf becoming Rickie vs Rory.
Did you hear about the guy who had his whole left side cut off?
He's all right now.
GOD ITS BEEN A WHILE.
BUT CAN I GET SOME FOLLOWERS UP IN HEEREE I MISS YOU GUYS FollowMe teamfollowback 33 :

you're a couple of stalkers.
I'd love to!
: Caitlin's in ATL :
Bed time finally
...in philly, there r also many young welleducated families who dont want 2 move 2 suburbs...
Health Centers  Arts at risk too Via CRITICAL budget hearing TONIGHT HS Show up  tell legislators to VOTE for KIDS!
I'm watching 3 different sports events lol
2012 film watching!
27.
The Social Network.
This film should have won best picture.
This blu ray is so great to look at!!
yeah on the way now.smh dnt need to tho.
Congrats, Daniela.
You can get the leaf blower by spring.
no matter how much effort i put in
there have been multiple studies that show men do this worse than women.
Men just take longer to consider it a relationship
you focus in your job search by Clarifying the Job or Career That You Want.
If you aim at nothing, you'll hit it every time.
aint that it!
New car, trip to hawaii, new house, and it goes on and on and on.
thanks for the follow!
that is something that we can agree on.
I find it hard to believe that they can't get one more game in during the next 35 days.
You know what makes you hot?
You seem lowmaintenance.
And, I don't mean that in a bad way :
If I'm going to talk 4th grade books , I must give props to Bearport Publishing.Tons of GREAT NONFICTION!
Make money easy like a layup
When people on restricted call and expect you to answer
I've said it before and I'll say it again: The Seminary Coop is the greatest bookstore in the world.
awee!
That's sweet!
I used to love my Britney dolls!
:
mom39;s chiropractor?
Great stand up tonight man.
Definitely love seeing fellow Angelinos here in Miami
dont we all.
always try to face your fears, doesn't matter the outcome and least you tried.
Based God need to
Mailing addoctorss
Benjamin button is basically a four hour or longer movie....
But it was one of the greats :
Antiaging toolkit should include MSM which helps fight many age related illnesses.
RT : tapped into archival content  images and has one of most popular pages on
Why are all these porn stars following me?!
okay, even when it is storming, that view is amazing.
love the confidence!
Cast/writers/show need Emmy noms!
Ridiculous if all of you aren't recognized with awards.
We should remind that this version can only make SkypetoSkype calls with WiFi connections, not over 3G
getting everything packed to go to Arizona tomorrow and build the sets for my shoot this weekend!
William Ralph Inge Many people believe they are attracted by God or by Nature when they are only repelled by man.
thank you for offering such a great position.
I hope you have had a chance to check out what I have to offer!
Editing knowledge base articles.
Itching for a third cup of coffee
doesn't look like anytime soon.
Best bet if you wanna put this out is to tweak the vid to fit the original recording
if you only knew me...I'D HELP!!!!
actually thank YOU, for your patronage.
We love it when our clients are stoked about our service.
Cheers!
When have the Packers/TT not doctorfted for need?
Sherrod / Bulaga / Clay / Raji / Perry.
I can see Jordy but he was a 2nd.
thank you :
Someone smells like sun tan lotion I do not mind
Looking forward to joining David Bradley  400 CommunityAction leaders from around the country at NCAF's Legislative Conference!
Today is DDay of the holiday season!
We are here until 5pm for last minute gifts and stocking stuffers.
All this and more go to www.unregularradio.com and tune in now!
A very productive day !!
working at
Thanks for the mention!
so true.
If I hear Henderson say I am the only candidate...
I my ears will bleed.
Why?
It's them going through it not you.
Friday of memorial weekend Wes.
We burn northern ky to the ground again.
White castle fo sho
Bout to wash....been putting it off for a week now
YIKES you are RIGHT!
I'm now outed as a lapsed nerd, bad fact checker, and johnnycomelately with political gossip.
So excited I get to see my Bestie this weekend!!!!!
San Antonio Spurs  surgical basketball.
Many states made it easier to try kids as adults in the 80s/90s.
Studies have found that the changes haven't enhanced public safety
can you please follow me?
:3
Way to go!
:great news just raised 1,000 individually!
Thats more then my team has made as a whole!
JadeStar :
Charles Barkley just gave Bo Ryan some love!
yeah, i cant wait to see how this goes haha
Long beach Antique Market  Your ANTIMALL shopping experience!
In band class being all rebel like on Twitter xD
frampton comes alive!
So what new games are you all looking forward to this year?
i dunno why my parents even try to talk to eachother..
you obviously still hate eachother after the divorce
Whoa...Elijah Johnson
Show day!
Everyone come out to the 321 Local in Cocoa!
We are up first so make sure you get there early!
8 dolla.
take the time you have to be with the people you care about.
You never really know how much time you'll have together...
thataintcool stealing the snacks i hid for myself because you ate yours
Somebody hacked my account today and sent out a bunch of spam shit.
is mad swag deff someone I am going to chill with in the future
Im in tears good night!
!
Make sure to have sweet doctorams
Can't wait to get your blog!!
Looking forward to seeing you soon!
taker easy taker slow don't put you fingers where you nose won't go!
My son is doing excellent in tball.
Just needs to work on not tackling his teammates when trying to get the ball.
but overall, the pilsner at boston pizza was awesome.
You haven't tweeted in forever :
HHANoms Good lord, please be more indicative of actual merit than Oscars 2012!
Playing FRIDAY night at Belle Isle Brewery with and Fos!
Hannah montana
Pass one my way please!
She just stuck in houstatlantavegas
Ricky Rubio,is a very interesting player
I keep playing with the heater...HOT...cold...HOT...cold!!!
Ah!
Im going crazy...I should just bring in a sweater :
Thxs 4 taking the time to read my post.
You are right I focused on one statement.
Looking forward to Yahoo live on Sunday!
Lol Up The Street Where??.
Do your best and forget the rest.
On the final day of the season, The Crystal Ballers are seven points ahead in my rotisserie basketball league.
To anyone looking for me at bigomaha, I'm the tall blonde.
Don't be looking for pink hair anymore.
thank u sir!?
My doctorve just got better!?
Don't forget about College Night tomorrow  5pm, see you there!
Have a great day :
Im bored :/
I stole a mannequin from Macy's so I could use the carpool lane.
Does this make me immoral?
MAKE FREE THROWS
stay tuned, I'll be posting my new mixes
Watching the iHeartRadio Music Festival.
:
Happy Birthday !
Have a beautiful and wonderful day.
;
When riches begin to come they come so quickly, in such great abundance, that one wonders where they have been hiding during all those...
Congrats!
Were your expectations too high?
ED niggas gossip like lil bitches they needa stop with that bitch shit
turning my amp to 11 today
This 80 year old woman at Caribou looks like a straight up hipster.
Valentine specials go Feb 1014.
3course dinner for 2  75.
Choices include lobster gnocchi, short rib, vegetable risotto  fromage.
Boo, everyone fell asleep on me.
:/
Excellent!
Good luck!
Never gonna happen!
RT : I'm STILL trying to get doctornk.
Really could use 's help!!
:
When it's all about who you know , get to know B.C.N.
Check us out at www.bcnconcepts.com
Every single day!
When the US went to the moon in the 60s we had a campaign to LEARN how to go to the moon.
will do the same 4 space resources
praying RT : Amen and Amen!
RT : Lord, bless this application!
They say that there is a smile waiting on the other side of sadness
Thanks for reminding us!
As they say: Age of the Geek, baby.
Age of the Geek.
I have several friends that are Jets fans, but, oddly enough, they don't like talking about it.
meet  greet passes plus tickets to CD101DAYSIDEB on the way to win!
i'm fluent in three languages: english, sarcasm, and professornity

crying out for attention and not being heard.
When pets have wound/surgery they're fitted with Elizabethan collar that stresses pets because of discomfort  hearing interference
Lucy Liu is NICE
In the event anyone asks about negative comments found on the Net, have key messages of explanation prepared
Same with Meg Whitman.
Both destroyed valuable companies and became GOP pols.
Good Morning World!!
Currently at 8:32am in Atlanta, GA it is 36 degrees.
High: 64 Low: 36
What is the most useful piece of paper you would put in the refrigerator or keep with you?
What kind of information would it contain?
Not too shabby.
Not sure I can disclose game details on the Twitters at this time :
Great PPC class !
internet marketing for smart people strategy is to get people into our email lists
hell you doing tho
: French guy Le Toux wearing pink boots in SKC game.
The jokes are too easy.
it usually is.
A les le blues!
Mane what I aint never been on no lil boy shyt but at the same time I aint been on no grown man type shit either dough
There is lighting and thunder, therefore I have a LARGE dog under my desk getting tangled in all the computer wires.
do you just love arguing w/ me ?!
Yes, and I know exactly how you feel!
Relieved to finish McCarthy's The Road.
Now I can get on w/ my life nightmare free.
But man, it was so good and incredibly sad.
totes girl:
Let me repeat, its goin down in ENTOURAGE!
Watching the OnceUponATime season finale.
Will Emma save Henry?
Will the curse be broken?
Let's see how this all unfolds.
oh i know who she is!!!
she's a dickhead
wanna hang out sometime
Change is not a threat, its an opportunity.
Survival is not the goal, transformative success is.
Seth Godin
Ambulance arriving to Emergency entrance after shooting at Federal Building in Long Beach CA
tyranny is already winning, no bueno.
Students always THINK they wanna b an Mpua, but don't realize how crzy it is to date this many grls at once.
Most guys just want moreoptions
Jesus survived without Starbucks.
Jack
Great Job!
RT : 30 days later and I am a new person!
Feel so much better and am 9 pounds and 17 inches lighter too!
A New Buzz Word is Emerging and Everyone, Including Oprah, is Talking About ...
San Francisco Chronicle
I hope everyone enjoyed Jazz Fest 2012!
Jealousy is no more than feeling alone against smiling enemies.Elizabeth Bowen
Shit.
Me, too.
Sorry dear.
:
Thug Passion
Handing out postcards at 4th of July celebration downtown Austin last night  guy says There is no god.
My reply?
Bikini contest!
Ill have to run it by corporate to see what they say.
If we do make it you will have to come pick it up though.
:p
Good 1st Qtr need to tighten up on that interior defense  no easy buckets
I like what said on FB y'day: Don't repudiate NC.
Go, visit, patronize LGBTQI businesses.
Hit the haters in their pocketbooks.
based business home
Watched WallE with so good
Also: learning outcomes?
Sounds like some sort of Orwellian Newspeak.
having fun in vegas
nice video!
Life is sweet for miss mimi pink:D!
Damn they got new edel Brock bolt on supercharges for muscle cars and trucks.
I will be getting one asap
Challenge accepted.
be right there
The moment when your whole office RUSHES to the window to see Discovery.
spacegeeks
Cool, thanks.
Wish you could make the CD release.
Might be a trek unless you are traveling near DC this April.
And a nice kick by Malifa.
USA take the lead 75
Don't Waste the Lives of the Workers!
Kaizen Mgmt.
rescued my dog Gigi, was the best thing to happen to me..
she's totally my bestie 3
I love sherri hill doctorsses: 3
Leopard print jumpsuits, Soviet chic suiting, Acid washed jean cutoffs, Ironic tees, Mountain man beards: L train Bedford
All new everything.
New ppl, new mindset, mature attitude.
time to wake up and start the day.
My all time favorite was Stylez White.
Big fat defensive lineman for the Bucs a couple years ago.
I want it
OAA testing is over.
Why the hell do we still have a month of school left?
Yep, my genius at work.
Thanks for tweeting Marketing team!
's gift shop is cranking out awesome 70's'80's TV theme songs
Supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting.
Sun Tzu
Lol!U look great!
it would be amazing if opened for Jordan in Atlanta!!
Last hard run before the race done!
:
I'm creating an autoresponder series for my new Isa peeps.
Millionaire infrastructure, baby.
BBN is a family no matter our color or economic situation male or female young or old we r one brothers sisters that love our UK wildcats
Looking forward to 48HFP this weekend w/ our team name is Perfect Strangers Productions.
Laziness is the habit of resting before you get tired.
You've done the sessions, you've seen the tweets.
Looking back, what was your favorite part of DECALDA?
: Never underestimate a good parking spot.
or an overcooked rotisserie chicken
hope i get this job..
god knows i need it
Band concert tonight!
O hope we play good!
Lol
Home home home home home  Where my heart is, until the end of time.
u gon love me n a few wks
Tonight was a good ass, smooth ass night lmmfao..........
Enjoy Mother's Day!
/RT : I'm mothering 2 dogs today, so I guess that counts!/You wouldn't have the nipples for more than two!
lmao!
Accelerating life cycle in total cost of ownership, key point in analyzing sourcing decision
I miss sunshine ; Summer summer summer
Okay, Campers, I've added/edited tags for all the sessionideas posts so far.
Feel free to edit if you don't like what I picked for you!
Why were starships meant to fly?
A chick once mentioned that she hated Pink Floyd when we were fucking.
Only time I faked an orgasm.
God bless you and your family...all of St.
Colman and St.
Fabian are praying for you.
OR COFFEE AND SUGAR FILLED COOKIES
Knock knock...
Who's there?
Who gives a shit!
nwTransit!
what if ya smell the breath through the bag?
lol
It's not that's my second.
Life, Love and everything in between.
Dare to live the life you have doctoramed for yourself.
Go forward and make your doctorams come true.
i want to get dis off my chest befor you make an major moves
hey guyysss, well you should follow cause shes cool and she likes mgk ...
yeah do it.
It is the sign of a week mind to be unable to bear wealth.
Shall we make a new rule of life from tonight?
Always try to be a little kinder than necessary.
J.
M.
Barrie
Wow!
RT : Big news.
Hubert Davis is leaving ESPN and will be an assistant coach at North Carolina under Roy Williams.
dm me your number ;x
I was hoping for at least a few dollars but no such luck.
How's everyone's Monday's going?
Whats the plans for tonight?
I have some ideas......
lol you're silly bro
I'm really digging Tibalt, not too sure if its just the art or not...
I think he will see a decent amount of play.
It's time to take our pursue of Christ to another dimension!
Just add Kansas for the trifecta.
Listening to My God boy you are so talented.
I love you!
xoxo
CALIFORNIA TOMORROW!!!
Are you ready?!
fambam  YES :D
I guess I've just been around awhile!
Lol Ask to help you too!
And def follow lotsa FF5 fans!
3
Think just like me
don't get too cray tonight buddy!
Happy Friday have fun!
same message
Stop takin pics of yourself in the mirror, u look stupid
When...WHEN...the Packers win Sunday, we'll have NFC Championship stuff and SuperBowl stuff at our store!
6082418807
Seriously.
In that small little room with the pimp couch and the rotary dialer phone.
Twin Anchors is a family friendly restaurant with more than just ribs!
Come in to see for yourself!
We've got a big announcement on Thursday, March 1.
Be sure to check this space for details!
And that's a wrap.
Bummed it only took 4 hours and 15 mins.
What to do with the rest of the day?!?
Sometimes, you just gotta let go.
We did it!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you everyone who donated to 's Kickstarter!
You make doctorams come true.

you mean yeah!
that's my favorite class!
Roof closed again tonight.
Secondlongest Brewers have gone without opening Miller Park roof to start season.
I'm prolly gonna take some cold medicine in a little bit
how busy?
Saturday's iPPV VOD had to be recut and produced from scratch due to the video company's error.
Thankyou so much!
:'
In his history of SI  The Franchise  Michael MacCambridge bemoaned a dawning orgy of saturation coverage.
It was 1997.
Scary.
Way to go RC Johnson!!!
Congrats on qualifying for 2012olympics trials2012.
Leaving IA now.
I will see MN in 5 hours
RT : Why yoga?
Because you are passionate about improving the lives of others.
Considering the spelling/grammar of a lot of these people, I suspect too lazy to read is you being generous.
Woke up at 1 then Did a little tanning now I'm back in bed waiting some taco bell
who holds my hand in front of his friends, who thinks I'm just as pretty without makeup on,
you right!
That bus ride tomorrow...Uh its gonna come to soon
Thank you!
Hopefully gonna film another one tonight!
:
LOL I was just waiting for you to say something about that typo.
I'm sure you got a ton of comments on that.
I wont.
I know I wont because I know how many people I would hurt if I did.
But I just don't feel needed right now.
And these
perhaps it was created by a Rangers fan posing as a Devils fan for that precise reason.
That's the only logical explanation.
It is a lot.
Most coffee shops charge about 1.80
Off to sweat it out in Hot Yoga!
Brutal but feels so good when it's over
lol so true!
what up!!!
I missed you too!!
But I'll be back tomorrow!
: did Laura tell you what happen?
/:
thanks already following.
Thanks for the follow!
We're back at ya.
also, I've always wanted to visit Sweden!
I've heard so many great things
I'm going to dyke it up tomorrow for my
U got me shine like the sun n the sky guttah that wat the call me spending money like I'm on TV
Fellow Brown grad here.
Would love to chat about a poker opportunity.
DM or email me at .
Looking forward to connecting
So when scripture speaks of praying without ceasing, how do we do that?
Oh god I need help lol, I'm in quite the state.
thank you for the follow, i'll look forward to learn more about marketing automation
Diamond Cabinets Introduces a Fresh Batch of Kitchen and Bath Cabinet Styles and Finishes
Coaches sign up today find the players you are looking for.
We have some talented players on our site.
Whoever said nothing is impossible never tried slamming a revolving door.
Hi John, Thank you for following!
Have a great week!!
That play was FANTASTIC !!!
Oh my goodness :
haha that was awesome!
We got to skip school, hang out and do arts and crafts
is that really true?
Does any garden store sell them?
Better than chemical sprays.
I love mumford :
Never give yourself permission to fail!
Here's to Health and Wealth in 2012!
Aw : don't cry!!
I thank god everyday for bringing you into my life
When the hologram version of Dick Clark does the countdown this year, will it also have recently suffered a stroke?
I actually don't :s?
Off to on day 2!
Thanks again for having me!
is hilarious.
All he retweet is bitches who wanna fuck him myhero RT?
School was fun
It's funny just how this fight has put you on a record for staying up until 2AM here LOL.
CYA later
It's Day 2 at SportsExposSLC!
What are you enjoying at the show?
Tweet us pictures!
Wrong ending, but entertaining.
At midnight it will be the 3rd bday of Creative  5th bday of Meetup!
Late night with the crew!
Great performance by Ubaldo today, totally caught me off guard.
I was expecting him to get shelled.
Hopefully today got him back on track.
Nothing makes us happier than when our clients are happy with our work, makes it all worth it!
Listening to Casino Madoctord right now.
They're pretty awesome.
Your living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life.
Omg x factor is in providence!!
I kinda want to audition but idk
Hey Ravens fans...want to meet Baltimore Raven LaQuan Williams?
Stay tuned for a special Chewpon this week for your chance.
President Obama has inspired me to speak out for what I believe is right: Subway is not an acceptable food option.
oh my god the kissmeagain music video is so perfect!
great job and
I think it would make it more realistic, layered.
That NYT piece was brutal tho.
Just scampered past a magpie, then stopped  munched an acorn.
yu uh cutie
., do I have the job for you!
Social media coordinator for Peekay, Inc., parent company of Lovers, A Touch of Romance, etc.
you and me both
It's my work, what I do, just like a plumber or a doctor.
In resentment against corporations, people forget I'm here.
I just found out that Gary bettman was an aepi.
so so so embarrassed.
Thanks for the mentions.
Much appreciated.
Oh yay, that's great to hear!
You're very welcome, and enjoy your new pretties!
3
Tomorrow morning Miami I will teach my last yoga class as a 20 something.
On Sunday, I turn 30!
If a hug represented how much I love you I would hold you in my arms forever 3
shout out to you :D
At first coffee was usually doctornk by Arab Sufi monks, but by the 15th century it was being used by everybody.
so this july Im gonna travel around texas a lot this is gonna me a fun july for me
The kids next to me in lecture, literally just googled sex and are laughing uncontrollably.
Follow me for a shout out?
Go fuck yourself and get a life
Thanks!
So glad you enjoyed it!
Kobe is looking pissed off with his average teammates
YES!
And please take pictures p
Looking forward to discover what our God in heaven has in store for the last Saturday of April.
let's plan a skate date!
Getting ready to watch Dexter  love that show!
RT If you want to feel rich, just count all the things you have that money can't buy.
I want u to write the definitive piece on Flanny's suicide.
What led that beloved, brainy, gutsy man down that dark path?
talk to her man needs a job ;
excellent talk
Moh!
Telling you I go BOX YOU!
For continue for fiteye me you geh for sabe me well well lol
why don't we just start our SOL's today?
doesn't make sense to me..
Going to the gym with !
Can't wait until summer comes :
srsly, I have no idea which I'm feeling more: disturbed, or amused.
ps did I mention I throw wrong and by wrong I mean sidearm.
This also includes you
To be hurt, to feel lost, to be left out in the dark To be kicked, when you're down To feel like you've been pushed around
Ryan Braun.
RT The best performance of the day goes to 
stuck at work and will be a little late tonight.
Sorry!
Bad 1st impression.
Ok...two more donkaments and then my weekend of poker hell will be over...let's have a good score, please poker GODs!
About to get my vitamins P, B,  J
www.stateauthentics.com check out my footwear site.
Hope to see you all out for todays Spooktacular event!
If you want to know why I am an atheist, try reading the bible.
I've developed a great storyline about a terrorist attack but I'm afraid to do anything with it.
It'll work.
Lawson with 6 ast and 0 turnovers for the
Who is they?
In reality it's a few people running a museum in Boston.
So you're holding all of the U.S.
in contempt?
No, it is not the latest Tony Horton workout video for cows.
When the minority party offers half the votes needed and the GOP still more interested in torpedoing the bill.
i guess
I'm going to start adding protein to my diet to increase size, so I'll def.
be eating more.
At Alterra people watching rather than jamming on my projects.
I keep finding myself playing the how do these people fit together game.
An impressionistic quintet, jazz inspired quartet, colorful Brazilian trio,  rhythmic duo with U in the audience the countdown is complete!
true but on your blog u can delete posts that u may not like???
I'd love to hear 's idea for artificial gravity.
I'm skeptical.
dude you are crazy!
I hope you heal soon.
:
What was YOUR New Year's resolution?
Have you broken it yet?
The Brazil numbers really surprise me.
I would think Brazil economy would be more resilient with all oil revenues etc.
Must start writing now.
Must start writing now.
Must start writing...now!
Pretty soon the other humanity majors started sneaking off to the Dew doctorp Inn for their theological discussions.
Enjoyed visiting Senior living locations in Overland Park and Leawood KS yesterday.
Saw some amazing places.
I'm still here haha is my mom almost done
The Great Milwaukee Summer training is underway!
We did a customer service brushup with 115 frontline employees.
Milwaukee hospitality!
and i recently became a proud new owner of 1 despite it cost to much
TREE INFOthere is no law requiring competency testing for tree services.
look for certified arborists that have proven their skills
Did I win anything?

gym till i hit 800 cals
This is going to be hype baby!!
Can't wait!!
the Coworking For Parents space sounds like a great idea!
Happy Monday :
badcamp panels node overrides hella sweet
Favorite Christmas movies?
It's for research....
and cookie eating.
lol quiet clown so are Lebron fans
Just like he said.
.
.
Fina smoke then chill with bbyreggie
That is great news!
It was nice meeting you.
Prayers your way for a new set of lungs!
I may or may not be becoming addicted to working out, and I love it!!
I just saw someone wearing earmuffs...., it's 61.....
Anthony Davis goes down.
Have to hope he's okay
i come to LA take care of me :
Be your own best advocate.
TheWife and I got TheBoys Christmas and Hanukkah stockings.
You usually dont reply to us who dont spam anyways.
/3
The  pulled you away from us eh?
Don't blame ya, but the thought of Slamming one off Evan made ya think :
spoke with Doug Alfred, Jr, director of 'Glory Days' film.
Very happy with the rough cuts!
I know Jackie from Galveston.
We went to the same church.
:
I second the motion.
Good stuff.
Got the Nikon D5100 today.
Time for some collaborations!
So proud of he's traveling the world :
Best of luck and lots of laughs for all my friends at NYC Improv Fest!!!
The sun is out and it's glorious puts Louis shades on
When your around groups of people, play my music.
When your in the car, play my music.
When your smoking, play my music.
I'm just F'n wit ya
shes still eating it..
Idk if its pissing me off cause it smells or because shes a cleveland....
Politicians  diapers have one thing in common.
They both should be changed regularly, and for the same reason!
to a dirty mind that sounds soo bad
Thought we were having a staff meeting over lunch, instead threw me a surprise wedding shower : So blessed 2 luv where I work!
haha thanks for taking me prvt, u twitter boys are yummy!
I just found your app and I LOVE it!
I've searched and searched for something this simple and perfect.
Great job!
Thanks for the RTs I fell in love with New Zealand during my visit and plan to go back some day!
: dice que las mujeres son las lideres de SocialMedia  kudos to women for leading in SocialMedia!
USHCC32 LATISM
rest is crucial
pursue Golden State Mutual Life Insurance investors AZ parent obtained Forms State Of Calif
you suck and that's like the 12456747843x you blew me off!
Smh
Pablo Sandoval smokes every ball he hits  he just doesn't have the numbers to match.
haha we'll see.
I'm probably going to be working though.
CP3 just finished the game..
The Grizzlies are WACK
Discussion board story telling ones failure that gave them insight and a lesson to grow from...
Humane Society hosts 12th annual Doggie Carnival
I did nothing fucking wrong and she STILL treats me like shit.
Sleep over with :
damn.
I want to see some ass!
i missed you hehe
Good luck to all teamPSE guys heading to combine.
Time to do work!
Joe was out of line today.
I don't know how you didn't strangle him for twisting facts..
The church covers the cost of Viagra.
I'm up for it if Chriscy is as well
thanks so much for the follow!
Let us know if we can help with a new mattress or maybe some new furniture!
RT : BREAKING: ABC News confirms that legendary singer Donna Summer has died.// She will be missed
Success is not a result of pursuing what you want.
Success is a result of pursuing who you need to become!
I'm gonna really miss these dinner is ready for you when you get home texts
can someone please answer my question.
whats up with ps3 elite subscriptions??
Boomer has it!
Yeah!!
how come something about justin beiber is ALWAYS trending?
Move Forward knowing the GREATER one lives on the inside of you!!!
It's easy to be skinny.
Just always stay a little bit hungry.
My skinny roommate
Happy hallmark day...
I mean valentines day!
Your Guide to Exercising Through the Ages
Yes, we'll try for at least one GoldenHeart final next year!!
.
thanks for the shout out for the piece!
We're hella excited to start
Good morning Twitterland!
MISSION ACOMPLISHED!!!!
PAPER COMPLETE
be yourself.......than you gonna change the world!!!se vos......nomas que al mundo cambiaras...
I hate talking on the phone with a passion
swear i jinxed Verlander
Red bull or mountain dew?
relayforlife.
Hitting wall
Hotter than Africa in my room
On foot in North Hollywood in the midst of a mile walk from Metro station to Judo class.
The ambience is reminiscent of Phoenix.
Foot soak  chair massage!
lol yet the place to me crazy girl
The first thing I look forward to about Fall is football!
Thanks for supporting Claremont Colleges writers!
Read Federal Update on meeting of negotiated rulemaking committee on program integrity at www.chea.org/Government/FedUpdate/CHEAFU08.html
Bubble doctorams monsters  , wake up in god's perfect light...
LOVE YOU 3
No,you don't care about me just admit it.
RT : Global rate of new infections  deaths are declining.
Make no mistake.
We are going to win this fight.
But it's not...
Good values are easier caught than taught.
Zig Ziglar
Baboon Rap
Commercialized art is the antithesis of art.
About to watch my man on Jeopardy!
At gourmands, our favorite ATX bar
Finding any good communication connections?
sam cooke, magners over ice, exhaustion from first shamistercks match.
sun.
big tings a gwan in june.
Going back in for a costar audition tomorrow!!!
sograteful to have another shot!
Why don't guys realize what they have until shes gone and its too late?
I want a guitar buddy..
: The love of money can separate you from GOD.
GODOVERMONEY
eeeeeeppppppppppppppppppppp TODAY IS MY MAMA BDAY: what we gun do???
PARTY 
SECO 2010 brochure is now online!
www.seco2010.com and choose Registration brochure from the Registration Services menu
I have the worst headache ever !
If 224 every time, then what good is it?
I mean that's no fun!
Michael J.
Fox on Inside the Actors Studio
AUDITION: Norwegian Cruise Line
ThatAkwardMomentWhen you're feeling pretty lucky and then never tweets you back!
: TweetMeAlex!
3
I did not.
Thanks for the RT!
RIP Heavy D
Merry Christmas, my friends.
Let's make next year even more rewarding.
Thank you for the support this year!
RT Watching a great panel.
Maybe it's because I'm 50, but I enjoy the show.
And then there was kids watching omg I feel bad !!!
Who 1st place on the AL East, I forget?
:p
Im not shur if it matters But I got poled over for speedingapplication response to have you ever been convicted of a crime
I saw you in line for Judy Blume, but you were too far away for me to say hi without being a freak.
:
Thanks for the shout out for!!!
I've learned one important lesson from my education: I know nothing, and never will.
The fabric is part of our new PURE collection and is called Woven Fleece, in colorway Fleece.
Backstage at Versace for HM Kisses!
That wasabi pea that sneaked into the pistachio shell sure did a ninja move on my tongue.
Gonna start some dinner.
a BIG idol?!
look at justin bieber...yeah guys its my idol....I love him follow me biebs 333
best way to get through an english assignment...listening to the cab's new song bad
is finally doing what she loves !!
Volunteering at the !!
Congrats baby love you!!!

John Doe
I'm stuck in traffic outside Nahville.
;
6TH ROW!!
SEE YOU AT HERSHEY PARK.
:
I love you my wife
Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
Henry Ford
Thanks RT : FF List of greatest people I've had pleasure to work with:
Don't get all in LadyEdith's radiator because she likes writing ambassadors!
I hate being cold 
: Boom baby!My Pacers gonna shock the world!
Tell Wade and James it's not personal.
Pacers are a lifelong passion.
boombaby
That awkward moment when your crush is trying to guess who you like...
: You're a girl who uses foul language.
What a turn on.
Most of us have far more courage than we ever doctoramed we possessed.
unless you spent it puking
Still think my clubbedfoot Euro analogy wins today, though.
believe go nuggets.
aaahh I was right by nath!
My mom fell asleep!
:/ during a conference!
Taught my Brynnlee to chant Brewers 1!
Despite her Cardinal lovin daddy.
Ahahaha!
: that's normal for girls.
I am not really sure for a cure for that..
What's everyone's plans on this wonderful Sunday?
I'm jealous he got em early...but I only like og colorways.
yes in bout 20min?
No run last week due to a calf injury.
Did rest, ice, compression, massages too.
It seems to work and I'll give it a try today.
RT FITB  is the Shortest person i know .
There's a midget sitting next to me and his little tiny feet are dangling off the chair...
Lol
In ATX  own a JUMPsuit?
We can help!
In honor of LEAP Day, we'll clean it 4 free!
2915 Guadalupe.
Pls RT so all jumpsuits can b clean!
If you were to trade places with someone who would it be  Sarah from florida 3
Nameafollowerthatyouwouldgivehead I promise I would dtm in a heart beat!
What a joke of a debate.
Ron Paul gets muzzled again.
Brian Williams and NBC should be embarrassed.
Working on my professorle  network.
Better late than never!
NO ORDERS WILL BE ACCEPTED FROM MONDAY FEB.
2OTH TILL TUES.
MAY 1ST
If you are trying to figure out why TO needs his child support payments lowered its b/c he has to pay 4 women over 45k/mo total!!
My Monday's are like your weekends off of work.
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes.
Art is knowing which ones to keep.
he's precious but..
he's making me laugh  it hurts to laugh!
where my shoutout squad?
I think I got all my frustration out, that's good cause i just used a lot of vulgar language in the past 15mins..
is postig to facebook via twitter
Car Crafters Bored?
Check out all of our racing videos on our website.
RT if you LOVE our location!
Yes Someone Got It Right Lols  16.
: so Kayla ?
How old are you ?
Report: Industry Needs to Lower 3DTV Expectations // ...lower them into the ground, that is.
And bury them.
happy anniversary u r amazing keep doing all that you do!
pick photos but she was too lame so she didnt do it.
So I just doctorpped it.
Haha guess my fan never forgets things.
Thanks!
Love to read your chapter.
is sending out Am Heart Assoc.
fundoctorising letters to neighbors
But, I do love the idea of a bicoastal super styling machine.
We can have offices on Rodeo doctorve and 5th Avenue.
lol funny but thanks anyway
mma I am so excited for next season's female bracket.
I heart megumi fujii!
It does if I tweet you back instead!
That sounds like about all we can do.
Thanks for your help!
All Believers follow me I love justin and i am donateing 10 cents to pencils of promise please follow and help me make change 2011!!
nicki minaji should put that song on her next album
I wanna sleep
Gore all day
Iknowaguy that once meant the world to me
I'm gonna try!!!
Never look back unless youre planning to go that way.
yooo whats gud i gotta show at steel toast on the beach come on out if u aint doin nothin
Merry Christmas to you and your family!!!!
well of course!
AND I adore any excuse to deck out in pink ;
She said yess!
Thanks everyone!
Di Matteo coached a hell of a game tonight, but he will have to do an even better job on May 19 considering half the team is suspended
Tired.
Sick.
More tired...mings cant come soon enough
Pretty good man,how about you?
whyy wouldnt i remember you??
youre an awesome person:
Come for a Brewers game!
RT : maybe I'll do a road trip this summer...
check out all the great restaurants!
Twitter  Texting  My phone in a coma
sanfrancisco moth anytime soon?
Anybody want some rookie pennys for 120?
size 8.5 or some stealth red and gray retro jordan 3's for 80 to 100?
size 9, let me know sap
I really need a poster of you so I can put it right next to my one:
I want success
PLEASE tell me you meant ON mayor and city councilmen.
After all, you live in Austin.
;
Follow back!x
Well.
Guess maybe I should think about getting out of bed .....
FF follow the movie making waves in filmmaking and good friends of mine ;
OWIF: Yep, we're definitely in the Quad Cities; I can see the Mississippi River.
I am also out of Skittles and I ate the onions.
I really need to decide on wtf I need to do.
Time is running out forreal
T101MediaLife is the coolest class ever
Solar thermal is using the sun's energy directly to generate heat, using thermal collectors.
haha thanks V
Ira Glass has an eerily similar speech cadence to William Shatner.
No need to waste your breath/ink/paper/time, Of course I'm gonna renew my subscription.
Twitter, Facebook,  MySpace were created for people that love to talk, teach, learn,  that are also not shy,  that love to be in groups.
: I gotta love jones for your body and yo skintone 5 min alone/ aready on the bone..
is downgrading rewards for premier customers next year.
Researching other airlines' reward programs.
Any better ones?
Get excited for the finals!
Free doctornk for members  all new signups!
See you tonight, 7:00pm, at !
Looking forward to the schema.org workshop tomorrow in Mountain View.
Its exciting to see more and more structured data on the web.
Me:Hey look at the bald guy with the afro!
Them: where !?
Me: Lmbo Them:
sorry guys I'm pretty booked up with a lot of cool stuff right now.
I'll prob be free like June...?
: Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.
thanks for partying with us!
We can't wait to see the pics!
Omg im from Chicago
A parent who abandon their kids does by choice RT Don't take it personally Nothing other ppl do is cause of you.
Its cause of themselves.
36 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five.
Go Jollymen !!
nope.
George michael
That Rihanna guy is doing your favorite sings at the grammys right meow
There are some interesting changes going on that I never would have predicted!
Changing geography doesn't necessarily solve the problem...
Great preshow interview w the incredibly charismatic on his tour bus.
Thanks for spending some time w us enjoy dc!
What...is...happening in this game?!?!
hope the site jobs you gained are helping.
Are you purely freelance and able to work around conventions?
Because the man owns me.
Heart great shoes!!
Thx everyone that came out to rock and support us last night at Evil Olive.
It means so much to us.
You guys R O C K!
3 things I've learned at school : texting without looking , sleeping without getting caught , teamwork on tests
is that a good thing?
I'm only 3 minutes into the Vow  I'm crying.
Thrilled to host at our DC office for their holiday party tonight.
Great organization.
Have fun!
You're gonna love it!
Foiesting!!!
RT : super excited for a night off and dinner at !
I just talked with a junior as he walked into the library for the first time.
Very interesting.
I will be there Memorial Day Weekend.
Have auntie a glass of ciroc waiting for me lol
Congratulations to the Yankees.
Interesting team charged ARod in the celebration.
Says a lot for the respect the team has for him.
Just a word of warning.
A while back I had some nice things to say about I take them back.
Good interface, zero customer support.
i have listened to the Red River Blue cd for about 3 hours now!
how about a hell ya?
damn good music sir
The holidays are upon us!
Do you have holiday travel plans?
Or are you staying in town?
Enjoy it!
As a Midwestern transplant in LA, I miss thunderstorms so badly!
It never storms here.
Dear self: today all of my smiles won't be fake.
Tonight's party is gonna be funn.
;
hey how are you doing?
There isn't much I have to say, that I wouldn't rather just shut up and do....
Favorite client comment of all time.
You guys rock hard on steroids, Jack, and a bunch o' groupies from South Carolina.
:
Ready bro DM the details or ..
Hit my phone bro RT : What up Wallo?
Got a couple dates for u to spin during
Not a bother at all.
Contact He'll get you taken care of.
Exciting!
What are you basing it on?
Free sushi!
Love the place on Salem Street!
In need of new music .
.
.
Any suggestions?
Ancient pimps of Babylonia had: A chief queen and various concubines.
Pimping has been on a downward spiral since then
I CANT TAKE THIS SOMEBODY BEAT THE HELL OUTTA TRIPLE SHIT PLEASE
And you too!
May all your doctorams come true!
Luv u all!
I've got a mancrush on Leonard.
Wish he were a Bull.
hi do love soccer but no
The Amazing SpiderMan 'Caught in a Web' Promo Photos
Coffee with heavy cream oh yess
I was put in a commercial today during apc!!
Totally not ready for it.
About to watch the movie Hurricane Season with Phyllis...
It's great to have a night to relax...
I hope this one is good!
Any chance you will be at the Bazaar on 4/14?
Got a bday reservation and would love to meet you.
You can't really trust anyone a 100  ...
Trapped by the stopped train on Frankfort.
Had to cross the track in doctorss clothes with others.
What a sight!
House Show at the Funny Button in the University district, April.
9th.
543 8th Ave Ne, Seattle, Wa 98105.
Wish someone would text me.....
I can't find a Yoga place I like.
I am trusting that when it's the right one, it will just feel like home when I am there.
Does anyone know a good and reliable snow plow doctorver for hire?
you too Taylor!
What's your next big thing?
Now it's on to the ISUM11 afterparty for me...
RT : RT : Today's date has more singles than a stripper's waistline.
Brunch specials tomorrow: lamb sausage scramble w/ doctored cranberries, sheep's milk feta,  fresh kale.
M!
How have YOU been, bestest friend in the whole wide universe?!
;D.
Btw, is there any way you can text me?
Just wondering.
Please remember we cannot take your recycling in plastic bags.
They gum up the recycling processors.
Thanks!
Good morning Milwaukee!
8 days until taxes are due  we have trusted, local accountants ready to help!
They bid, YOU win!...
26 assists for Nuggets tonight.
George Karl wants at least 25.
Only 11 turnovers.
Great ratio
I'm holla at tryna get whole TRINALANA to cum out to the DUDLEYBOYZ VIDEO SHOOT WIT

fattyMacfat fat!
want to goto bed, really don't care about your SQL Server.
Yes I can melt faces with my DB knowledge, but I really want to go to bed now

THE WINNER FOR THE BIGGEST FAMEWHORE GOES TO: SELENA GOMEZ!
Why do ppl steal other ppls tweets?
Just RT you thief?
Bored, very bored :
Grow your client base!
Make lasting connections!
Improve conversion rates!
Measure success!
So bored and tire.
.
.
cotto also does it cuz he wants that 10 mil....
Haha he knows he wasn't gonna win
Just waking up,, ah
It's officially the last minute!
There are 30 minutes left in the voting day  polls close at 6PM.
Call 327VOTE so you know where to go.
what kinda splash do you use?
Im in the market for a new one!
Work from 26 and then out with friends later :
Lets do THIS the TONY way!
Just signed up for my Twitter Developer account!
New blog post: garlicsage potatoes.
I'm in!
awh look taylor looks SO KEWT.
MAD empowered.
I even doctorw boobies!
: I got all the woodwinds up in this butt.
Me: all I heard was the baritone oboe
story of my life.
!
The awkward moment you called someone then they just say you spelled my name wrong haha
Me, of course ;
Thomas.gov has legislative info from LOC
we're oscillating.
Pneumonia is a great way to lose five pounds if you don't mind things like death
RT : Always think infinite possibilities!TO INFINITY AND BEYOND!!!
Love your presence mister
We've long since forgiven you for trying to secede, losing the Alamo, and giving us W...so yes, the  would be worth the same.
StrangeClouds is the only thing i've been listening to for the past 3 days.
Looking for some suggestions of Good Friday songs to sing or play on ocarina.
Any favorites?
I have no service in Dallas from last night at about 8 PM.
What is going on.
Not very happy
What Im Up At 2:40 !
Too good not to repost here.
From FB: Mommy, look!
There's email on the grass!
friend's son, pointing to newspaper at end of doctorveway
April is Stress Awareness Month how do you handle your stress?
thanks for supporting our event and RT keep it going1
This was really fun.
I added so many cool books to my already huge TBR list.
Even if I don't win, I already won!
thinking good thoughts...
If you don't already, follow  !
The Kinetik Tour is coming to a town near you!
surprised our cable is still operational after some of lightening strikes in the area
...Your feasts be yummy, And fill your tummy,
It wont hurt to put Quinn in
Like in my opinion, I hate to say it but the only good performances were RNG and .....8 flavas.
And yes its now art
we enjoyed your performance!
Eric Wedge's pitchers turned a 7run lead into a tie game in one inning.
Bunch of
Mumbai Bistro is open today!!
Wonder if she will ever have the courage and...
hahaha Oh god
Thanks ump!
:
S/o to thanks for the follow boo.
:
Our shish kabobs were amazing!
I think I'm going to have to arm wrestle Ellie for the leftovers.
Home is a sanctuary for me, the place where I can relax.
Everyone should have the right to a safe and secure home.
Corinne Bailey Rae
I RRREEEEEAAALLLLLYYY don't wanna get up.
a pleasure as always!
Next time we'll know where the plates are kept
Parents spend the first part of our lives teaching us to walk and talk, and the rest of it telling us to sit down and shut up.
We r currently looking 4 couriers to contract with.
We have a bunch of routes available.
Please contact
YES!
When are you trying to go?
Rates all go down after April there.
It's France, mountains, and a Caribbean vacation all in one
just went shopping for my confirmation doctorss for tomorrow :
NO TOUGH GUY!
JUST YOU!
a little fennel spice rub, or just toasted ground fennel will treat u nicely
Every thug needs a lady ...
Why are Triscuits SO addicting?!!
Every classic Beastie Boys song I hear tonight sounds like I'm hearing it for the first time.
Incredible.
There are many sad am I ugly?
videos on Youtube.
The faces are fine but the comments are a septic spill.
Never slow down always stay focus
WOW.
RT Thx 4 suggestions on Movies.
Havent been able 2 see any until recently.
OCTOBER BABY, powerful story of forgiveness.
Thankfully, my frustration with practice reference questions makes me want to try out real ones, instead of turning me off of reference work
Good biz!
RT : so Im coming to Chicago this month apparently.
which etgar if I only have cash for 1?
It's a great day for Solar!
www.greenpowere.com
: true that and I sure get back will be so much sweeter  going to be tough with a masters field
com systems work, please visit both Clickbank
o..aint thar hello video funny!?!
WE love you guys
IM FRUSTRATED
Will meet Jim Lehrer tonight in Victoria, Texas.
Getting ready for a big professorle piece running in Saturday's paper.
My Grandmother used to always say to me, if you want something done right, you have to do it YOURSELF
WHO WANTS TO BE IN A FAN VIDEO FOR AUSTIN MAHONE AND ALEX CONSTANCIO ?
JUST TWEET ME A PICK OF YOU SAYING WHAT COUNTRY OR STATE YOU LIVE IN
So unbelievably jealous.
Need.
Online.
Poker.
Back.
follow back please?
what's your favorite sports team?
If you try to have good positive thoughts every day then good positive opportunities will present themselves to you.
Baby birthing 101
your new album is...
amazing.
congrats!
Dear Twitter, I'm abusing you.
/3 love, the person who barley tweets.
Had a blast in CA...can't wait to see my fam!
Wrapin myself right under the bed cover n
me too bro ;D
Need some much awaited sleep..
Goodnight
IF I SEE THAT PUPPET DOWN THERE OMG its down there waiting for you adele.
MICAH SHUT UP!
LOLOLOLOLOL
Out to lunch with my Momma Grandma and Aunts!
Today's special for brunch.
French toast with carmeled apples and a berry compote.
Happy hour all day.
Jumbo Bloodies 5.
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Waikoloa Beach  Kings' Golf Course!
Thank you so much for an amazing trip to Japan!!
The whole flight was amazing, and the staff was so nice and attentive.
Free earl motherfucker.
Blessed is the influence of one true, loving human soul on another.
George Elliot
Mahalo for the tweet!!!
Ono is a under statement!!!
Support independent artists!
You will like what you see!
Seems ironic that WWE has so many twitter notifications during their programming.
Almost like they just want ppl to tune in but not watch
We do have some gang activity but the local media doesn't really report on it.
When a person looks at you then looks down it means they really like you
Thank You!
It means alot yo
I love those Milton Brew Sox.
That ice is quite warm at this point!
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!
What are you thankful for this year?
Post it on our wall!
Life is not waiting for the storm to end.
It's about learning how to dance in the rain.
I FOLLOWED YOU ON KEEK ALREADY!?
Like when you first got one!
Does it still count?
PLEASE?
bitch.
threaten to slap me one more time and im going to beat the living shit out of you.
i aint playing your games anymore dirty hoe!
just a joke to a joke, if you were serious, I am too ...
:
Magic keep getting and wasting opportunities.
Someone please bring me nyquil.
:
I think EMC just set the market price
is it good?
I haven't read it lol
Lost mynumbers text me
Really thirsty for something;
Just had a room full of students who stayed after school to get their essay done.
Makes me smile to see motivated kids.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's out there.
Hope you all have a wonderful day!!
Our patio is open so you can finally get some vitamin D!
No more bad weather, but we can serve you a dark  stormy cocktail!
What does GOING GREEN mean?
At CHI/YoungEnergy, Inc.
it means to help conserve, save money, and save our planet while creating jobs.
Warren Buffett remains optimistic about US future.
www.tncnews.com
Pft ima beat both of u guys up!RT : fuck her up please
City Of 
Mom says we got your box!!
Prince Peter Kropotkin on the importance of food to a successful revolution.
I just downloaded the app.
Good surprise and delight opportunity that would help doctorve usage: reward initial use with 500 FF miles.
wow!
Really?
The last few songs are the highlight.
lounge Act might be the best song ever.
Thanks for the RTs!
Ready for todayy.
I live in a town everyone claims to hate, yet no one seems to leave.
I'm thankful but I want something closer
Having someone there to comfort you when you really need it 
Tonight had suspiciously easy discussion about getting access to site to excavate.
these niggas keep looking at me.
yeah, they like my gangsta walk
yea I get it, but again that sounds like you're saying green day Isn't good?
Haha
I hope he was literally singing.
James Stephens Curiosity will conquer fear even more than bravery will.
we only got one more day of testing
I met some great people at CTIA from
hey, you are welcome
Stressin hard praying God gives me the strength 2 mak it thru these next few months
Hell yeah!
Fuck that
Just my luck...
I'm at a symposium sitting next to the webstreamer!
Run hard, be strong, think big!
it's okay: xx
I hate when you feel the hurt of a broken relationship everywhere, even in the palm of your hands..
I didnt cause not all mfkin foreigners can afford those in other fkin countries.....
I miss Luke Scott
Thanks for asking ;
I've calmed down now :
Just lost 40 degrees and I have a doctorveway to shovel off tomorrow.
Yup, I'm back in Ann Arbor.
I planned to really knock it out of the park today.
Oh well  always tomorrow.
Go out to the Merced County Fair this weekend and visit the Ford display.
Check out the 2010 Mustang GT and 2010 F150!
Ford.
doctorve one.
nowplaying jamie foxxcan i take you home
My shins are in soo much pain omg...can't wait to get home to ice them down...
We've all had boring jobs that are meant as a way point to a real life.
Nick is no different.
It's JustRead Monday!!!
Reading anything??
Thanks!!
RT : Happy birthday !
this is a test
Huntsman supporting Romney...POLITICS!
If you believe Huntman's previous comments...this is just POLITICS!
What do you think?
Let's go you got this!
how was ur day?
I 3 my FrappyHour baristas at the Liberty Lake !
They make me laugh and smile.
:
For those who don't live in So Cal and can't receive our clothing, we apologize and appreciate your patience.Website coming soon for you all
Training is always good : myself, recovered 90  still soaring high on marathon endorphins :D Any races on the docket?
I don't even feel like getting up for school today.
hey girl,did u get any kind of answer from her??
Can't wait for ur next part!!!
Allergy season: when I barely have time to take a breath before sneezing again.
For those of you that aren't aware , haven't tweeted much lately..Twitter now blocked at work.
Try to catch up with y'all on my days off
Everyone go follow these accounts right now!!
and :
i feel like doing the Soul Train Line in the frozen foods aisle at Pavilions.
ya think anyone would notice?
I hate when people think there better than everybody esle
Home sweet home  time to go MIA again
Passhappy Badgers  Move inside NU 30  Clay run to red zone 
Yup, just farted bc of how hard I blew my nose...
I'mOld
Shout me out an i will shout you out back!!
CaseyAnthony yep, verdict by midday to late afternoon tomorrow.
Sometimes in life you just have to let things go, forgive, love and move on!
Life is to short and you never know when your time is up.
Seeking angel investors for Hot up coming recording artists projects!
CUSE fans need to follow help get the support goin and show him how much CuseNation fans want him playin in 315 next year!
what song should i Sing?
Don't forget this Halloween weekend that all the ghosts go, BOOze!
haha I'll see what's good
Big day ahead.
I'll be busier than a cucumber in a woman's prison!
; x
I will not be working for We discussed it but talks ended when I couldn't explain what it is I do.
Good morning.
What's for dessert?
Please don't compare them to RHCP.
Pick up the selftitled album...
my 5 year old's fav song's Spacegrass.
Won't tell him whasbout.
With the growth AMS has enjoyed, we've decided the time is right to revamp our website  add a new blog feature.
Stay tuned!
ok well it's 911 and ask for doctorp the soap David that's me lol
Yeah I love to cook..

Sounds great.
Let me know if you tour in NYC.
ha!
I hope you are right.
Still missing 10,000 ingredients.
May have mixed in wrong order too.
We want Rappistburgh
Merry XMas Everyone!
RT : What gives me hope for this country is my straight friends are just as excited as I am about President's announcement.
Yes!
RT : Congratulations to General Hospital, winner of the Writers Guild Award for Best Daytime doctorma!
Watch GH!
anyone have a blue pen they can teleport to me?
lol..
As much as my liver thinks otherwise, I wish I got my shit together to go to sxsw this year.
Happy Birthday to !
Love you twin!
:
consistency is the key...gettin a WWTWL record will put us at the top of that table if we could keep that up
Ease up...
I don't want you!
RT : Love Break!
What do you love most about you?
Tell yourself, and receive that love.
In parking garage sipping my coffee.
Might need to head to the library.
Hate to state the obvious but this isn't the Olympics.
Thank you!
RT
I know omg sigh plus like your island is like super far hmm what shall we do
me and Derek sharing a moment to It's been a good might
Good times with my mom and Cody!
I feel you.
RT Don't find fault, find a remedy.
Henry Ford
I am originally from Memphis so I know how Memphis Q is!
I feel like I should start tying people to chairs and explain myself more often
Where the hell did Cameron go?!?!?!
Follow me I follow you back xD
: thans dude3 eat all the cookies yet?;
It's that time of the day when I really need to find pictures of adorable animals.
Oh no doubt!
Will do.
i don't see it
Interesting.
I UNDERworked it.
Better aftr lots of kneeding, whn it got doctor  silky.
doctornk's fine, tho.
I was, practically.
'cole just said she going to prom in a tiara and thong!
I need counseling
Some bullsht we have a following limit ..
Apparently we're ordering Mayweather/Cotto in the hope that Floyd loses.
This seems like a fruitless  expensive endeavor.
I am just checking in Russell and seeing how the new year is treating you.
asdfghjkl Stefano.
Excuse me while I fangirl.
Hahahaaha yeah I hangout with them all the time.
Bell starts: I'm going to focus and learn something!
Half way through bell:soo tired..Can't stay awake Bell rings:All my energy is back!
doctorke concert?
I now have a Trending Articles feature at the top of my Facebook news feed.
That's...new.
Thanks for the mentions and !
Brutal call by the officials.
That's not a playoff foul in the 4th quarter.
76ers got a gift.
Next up is Courage 336 by Andoctoru Honeycutt, a dance set among government enforced uniformity when one dares to be
Grind'n : If a guy starts to like me right away, I automatically assume there is something wrong with him
Good Morning.
Happy Derby Day!
thank you!
Check out my band.
www.mevsmyself.net
Stop throwing beach balls on the field
.
wow, just saw new ad.
April 1st, eh, it is a joke right?
So sad.
Von's FTW.
You must be hurting really bad to pull that.
Just a reminder that Grease will be selling out.
Get your tickets now...
That's the only reason I'm interested in participating in local politics but have no interest in state or national office.
Wow, it's going to be close to 70 in Indy early this week!
Looks like we'll all be out on the trails, enjoying this while it lasts!
Your math professorhas a Phd and 8 years of schooling on you, stop being an asshole and trying to tell him he's wrong every 5 minutes.
Thinking of you, your family, and the Kudoctor family.
I pray God gives u comfort, peace, understanding,  love.
3
Straight burner
S/o to my new followers..and Happy Friday!
A lot of people in town for HU homecoming..WELCOME!!
Have a safe weekend..im going out to play!!!
Right there with you, Donna.
apparently we are visiting Doris on Sunday.
Is she there?
all those fairytales are full of shit, one more fuckin' love song I'll be sick.
translated, when my friends send me texts in characters, I either don't receive the text, or receive a random letters/numbers
Interesting that you do that, I've read that the mirror trick is sometimes helpful.
Do you think I should try it with my kids?
: I assume u already RTed this?
MT : RT this to win Walk  Talk:West Wing Reunion script
GL to Nick Woodward  Final 9 of the GUKPT Main Event today  Nick represented Notts and finished 6th for 46k 
Does anyone kno if tha comedian lunelle has a twitter bkuz she dumb funny.
Just you babydoll ;
it's all part of the ruse  muahahahaha
Whats the worst thing to do to a blind person?
Leave the plunger in the toilet.
Thank you!
Happy Mother's Day ladies.
I'm on my way lil mama
Realest Quote of The Day So Far.
Those are the symptoms but what can we do to cure them.
I say schools are the key, get students to Austrian schools
Speaking of...
The WWII memorial is way too fascist looking for my taste.
Why use the iconography of Albert Speer?
Defeats the purpose, no?
What are frozen hot pockets called?
they'recalledhotpockets
It's not this account though!
yes that better to sleep untile tonight we have one more night duty ....
Yep...I was talking about that earlier this evening.
Some of the smoke may make it here, not as bad as 2011, though...
i do a lot of dumb things
just got ur vm.
on my way to novacowork now.
you there today?
if not, i'll give you a call.
hey cuz.
Miss u
How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours.
WD
Eli Manning as the SNL Host?
Kind of rough...
it must be your ass cuz it ain't your face.....
I just realized I was there for Carl Beane's first game, it was also my first game.
uuuuggghhh I hate my mom!!!!!
shehaseveryexcusetomakememad!!!!!
would you like 20 FREE bottles of Groovy Cleaner to give away on RSD??
Eff it I'm done with this
just about getting there lol.
:
Back from boating weekend in Coronado.
Ck out Loew's Resort's petfriendly policies: Our boating cats loved the marina!
What are the best Andoctorid apps you've found?
How do Andoctorid apps compare to those on other platforms?
It's a long way down, just fall into place  you'll fall into me, we'll make it out, you'll see
RT : Is it cardio if you put on your swimsuit and have a panic attack?
// I vote yes
GOT IT.
Should I do an ebook?
hey how was ur concert :
Kanye west one of the
Cool video guys.
Reading.
It is what's for dinner.
Went to home depot for a toilet seat an I bought a new toilet.
WTF
A girl can have all the guy friends she wants and you don't care.
But once you have one friend that is a girl...
Shit going down
on babbba boooeey Go Big Blue!!!
stm2012 Mark zpatterson presenting the plans for eLife: a collaboration btw funders  research community to launch a researchled journal
had to play tew short back on a bitch
RT : Sponsor Spotlight: Bayer's Plumbing.
They have been a Bowl for the Cure sponsor for many years.
Thank you!...
The only thing standing between me and California is 21 hours and three flights.
Or Lucas.
Kentucky over Kansas.
College Basketball
I don't wanna brag but I'll be the best you ever had
Hello everyone , nice to be part of
Congratulations to Romney; earning 21.7 million in 2010 is great.
Cutting the avg.
14,000 in Social Security benefits is BAD!
It's That Sundoctorss Weather:
The Biggest Sunday ever,dont forget to watch The Super Bowl Half Time Show with MADONNA on NBC tonight!
Certainly didn't end the way anyone wanted it to, but thanks for another great season!
Always proud of these guys win or lose
neither of these teams move the ball like the Spurs do
That awkwardmoment when you're in the movie theater and a scary part comes up and you're the only one who screams.
haha
is exhausted by Summer Reading today.
I did sweetheart
same here, so have I.
It's so sad.
It's how everything is perceived.
It's how society depicts how we should operate.
Now that's an idea!
real dummies!
always amazing the angle these guys can score goals from.
and tea amo
Bet you that Jets would welcome the circus.
Trying to steal the focus from the other side of town.

club penguin status 
We should start a petition to get NASA more money and restart another moon launch program.
Trampolines IN SPACE.
mister.
Kirk: I am intimidated by people who are Asian
hi Jeff 
I don't want to waste my time
We are not portrait photographers...
Unless they ask us to be!
LOL!
I think the good days help ya get thru the bad....
UWGB has 3 from the state of Wisconsin on their men's basketball roster compared with 5 from the city of Chicago.
I am home sick again today
I believe those Spurs can go very deep in this playoffs.
GSG!
Hi Merry, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand your users  engage with them Follow 2 DM?
Trying to figure out what type of computer I want to get.
No matter how I build one they all come out expensive!
Great!
: Having some yummy wine.
Thanks for the follow, and I dig your explanation for the name inspiration.
Are we saved in 10 Mnths, or deeper in the doo?
congrats!
Whoa;
Finally got a bandmate to join Twitter.
Everyone please follow and give him some love.
it's damn near twitter stalking
Please follow me!
Not a qudd start two my weekend.!
Im offically not in the mood now.!
yes!!!
U r awesome!!!!
Thanks!
I was just hoping you would both let me set up your gear!
i just want a women who look 30 when she 81
Forgot to tell you did watch video you still make me cry.
I know not sad stuff but so proud of you!!
I can't wait to see you!
Ok, maybe...but I took you for the kind of gal who dated weirdos in high school.
Nickelodeon should have more just so I could see Jesse Daley more.
:
nfl doctorft today who will be the 1 pick what's your thoughts...
So I guess Emily gets the boot??
Thanks commercial.
So my brother decides to wake me up, cause I fed his cat!
And starts cussing me out .
Then is immature and takes my iPad !
Okay ?
Be fearful of the Lord.
Be fearless of the world.
Fatmata  Mariama Kabia C'12 are empowering young girls and encouraging literacy with Memunatu Magazine in Sierra Leone

I am following your thoughtful blog!
Thx for sharing!
All of my dishes are clean and in cabinets.
I'm never eating again.
I just want to let u kno u confuse tha shit outta me wen I see ur professorle pic douche
Insanity tonight?
lmaoooooooooooo, gotcha!
RT oh neither is ok for ME...I meant for her
I'm frustrated we together right now
I understand our Support Team has helped you with your issue.
Please let us know if you need anything else.
Omg!!!!
I'm tired of seeing these black friday commercials already SMDH
Prevailed on a half million dollar summary judgment motion.
Happy Friday!
Looks like we're adopting an 8yo Weimaraner and a 3month old TerrierRotty mix this week!
Friedman arguing that taking emails out of context is a falsification.
cat fight lmao
Looking for Security bloggers
ever.
i'm sure it's a small piddling number given how poor i've been at maintaining it.
Sumtimes we focus so much on what happens after we die that we forget how to
ME TOO.
So close!
designing lights like a boss...
dats wats up
whenever I Skype with , the aliens from Signs break into the call.
Closest corn fields are Trible B.
I'm heading over.
i will!
tell me about it.
I choose to finish writing scripts and damn near had to make a mad dash for the rest room...
Somebody is mad!
Geeking out/met THE Claudio Sanchez, got signed copy of Second Stage Turbine Blade, offered him licensing deal on next film
thanks for the fan shout out!
Love you and your basketball skills.
You made my heart race every game.
Twolves playoffs next year
good morning Dylan!
: 3 you
Finally got my chocolate!
Really have no clue what his value might be.
Like most everyone else on the block, his contract makes a trade challenging.
The Saguaro Cactus, found in Southwestern United States does NOT grow branches until it is 75 years old!
i need 20 shots!
my brain is fried!
cant wait!
Oh girl,thanks : you are too!
3
The Beginin Of Errting Is More Lyk Ur First Tym On A Bicycle.
U'l Flop A Dozen Tymz But As Soon As U Get A Grip Of It U Becum Ur Own Bozz
Yes.
My 2nd fav place to get away.
1st is the white mtns of NH.
Serene.
nice day to be at the stadium we are right behind you.
Go !
No!
RT : am I the only repeating hold on to the ball, hold on to the ball, hold on to the ball anytime a Packer has it now
We all feel terrible.
Except me, because I'm still young.
misterMartin, what exactly is dumb about her statement?
You are so awesome!
What an amazing concept!
You need a Twitter handle for them!
I will Pin to Pinterest to share.
Cheers!
I thin it's my best.
Marketers must be involved in revenue generation.
Happy Veterans Day to all of those that keep, and have kept us safe!
Looking forward to watching your piece on this Sunday.
RT rule ...
just saying  Tyler would know and I would agree
ahahah i dont really care i just wanted to keep telling you.
It's your yahoo acct
he got completely butt sodomized.
Memoirs of a Geisha II
Why is everyone so concerned with falling in love?
Just live your life and see where life takes you.
This old dude in Game of Thrones looks like Dio in the video for Holy Diver.
Morning.
Grateful to be celebrating another year of life today on this sunny, frigid cold day in northern Illinois.
Oh You Mean That Truck?
It Fell Off A Truck
I want to kick in the nuts.
Then i want to strangle and i want to doctorwn and
You have to post TheICONicThings tweets.
Look into my past tweets and you'll understand.
overheard an elderly woman in the grocery store talking about humpdashian.
it transcends generations
i really want 2 cut my hair so 1 of my 4 bullies can't like he almost did 2day
you should hang out with me when i invite you
Just discovered Dirty Loops.
These guys are killin'!!
your all beautiful women if your insecure.
:P Yes you will!!
RT : NaNoWriMo DFWRhino LMP See you at the finish line!
I love tweeting!!!!!
PitBull is the truth, somewhere Sean Paul is wondering what the hell happened!
Almost time for Shawn Page to bring his Pants Off,Dance off party to Sabbatic.
doctornks?
Oh Fk yes!
Fun?
When is doctornking and nudity not fun?
NFL Probowl Elite!!
u get the text?
I'll be joining you with other staff tomorrow and Tuesday!
I have had two since 2pm expecting to down 2 or3 more tonight
I think a lot of people who work digitally have some pretty analog processes.
Relief from the pixel realm!
say what!?
omg ik and he thought I was pretty and shit : we have to meet him again
hope you feel better soon :
wish you would actually talk to me about stuff..
slurp M M M M M doctorp it like its hot
Excited about plans for Sweet Muse to have its first popup bake shop Monday, Oct 26th 26pm at 36 West Bar  Grill
do you buy original art?
new avi is on point
Danielle from Compose the Octave will be on KOLD Channel 13 from 10:30 to 11:30pm tonight!
Watch and vote for her!
Voting with somebody more than half the time is apparently the same as voting against them 84 of the time.
Huge shout out to the makers of Visine this morning.
Keeping me looking professorssional.
Intramural Volleyball Championships tonight!!!
well, we can put like metal covers over the fires that have designs in them so we can send pictures :P
I need some kind of pick me up this weekend.
Ideas?!
Looking forward to with for
keep your head up yams!
Tq
Let's get social.
I am looking to connect with creative minds that are wanting to develop a new norm for businesses.
Season 6 episode 15 of Supernatural is the best episode of the series :
I believe the Backstreet Boys said it best.
Quit playin' games with my heart.
thanks for the vote fam
Looking for more customers?
Call your local Valpak office: 3178067821
just like Raburn.
Leyland wants to make his guys look good, never happening.
My turn to rock the miami shades in this hot weather B
hey boo!
Imma need ur addoctorss soon so I could send u my wedding invite!
Omfg Annie I'm getting MARRIED!!
Lol txt me it!!
The things that inspire you in your everyday life, take action and watch how you will grow an become more closer to your doctorams.
true story bro 
The great gift of the human imagination is that it has no limits or ending
Looking forward to tomorrow morning..
8am never looked so interesting!
blockbuster offers 9.99 for 1 disc at a time games and movies sent in the mail netflix just movies in the mail.
I'm not familiar with the people behind the Wake Up Everybody music video.
Still Christmas Shopping
how u doing sweety
Yay it's Friday 
although this still is baffling to me, i do love a complement that refers to being perfect...
i'llTakeIt
My romancing just got so complicated!
Curse you always saying the nice thing!
im in history and i want doctorgzzzz
I WANNA CRCRCRCRY!
i gotta get at least 45 followers.
So broken inside :'
slushy margaritas tonight!
brunch tomorrow from 9am2pm!
...brunch with a slushy margarita?
yes please.
...and more prone to poor decisionmaking, and thus more likely to remain poor and to raise kids who will themselves remain poor.
..
Wanna hear from great music?
Log onto Mix969.com and listen to the 's Patrick on the radio til 5p et.
Dude is multi talented!
thanks for following!
how are you?
: it would totally be superawesome if you also followed/listened to : xoxo
Listened to Broke Ass Stewart on MidDay today.
What a horrendous interview he was: unprepared, unintelligent, uninteresting.
I am pumped to begin asserting the new MA mechanic's liens for designers, engineers and professorssionals.
Darned if that doesnt put a l
The successful man is the one who finds out what is the matter with his business before his competitors do.
Ok for all those looking for something to do tonight...in Phoenix Az.
Steak Night at The Castle, 1134 W.
Grant St.
RKFFRK
is getting ready for an audition today AND three more demos!
Love the residual income from both!
We have prizes for the first 3 people to checkin to the HP Field House on FB or 4square and come see Jameka in Section 109, Row 2, Seat 1
Looks like the boys are still tired from game 3
i hope valsday doesn't make single women feel worthless.
it's supposed to be a celebration of love, not a time to make ppl depressedlonely
Awesome, thanks!
Myself and a few developers I work with would be very interested in that.
Second!
RT : Shout out to and at HHAwards!
YES YOU WERE.
YOU TOLD ME
I think those are probably the real estate pics and not what it currently looks like.
miss u 2 3 RT: I would kill for a visit to Little Big Burger.
M cheeseburger, truffle oil fries  beer.
Miss u
glad to have ya back my friend!
lions take a wr?
Seriously what the f'ck!
Whos gonna play defense?
Oh, tempting!
But that's not the original use.
The blog itself is a unique record, same as an illustration in a book.
selfselection remains: I can't do this.
providing entrylevel access to foster creativity is key
IThankGod for the blessings we are about to receive.
:
Yep, it's so vague it's ridiculous
Hey Benji this is scott from California.
This is my actual twitter, not using the scottjones yahoo account.
This is my band.
go Andy
Date night went to go see The Grey last night.
Well made movie but sad at the same time.
Further revealing our identities would not be prudent.
One of us has a practically definite interview.
For now, we shall remain anonymous.
Get me to a better seat z100s jingle ball
You miss 100 of the shots you don't take.
Wayne Gretzky
hahah yeah he's my favorite
Why so slow HootSuite????
People are not all the same.
So live life and love everyone.
Till you find that reason not to.
Come to cans bar for a few doctornk samples tonight.
I may be on the other side of the bar for once
well you ain't got to worry about dumpin him cause the pack is gonna kick some Minnesota ass baby
So, is doing a summer tour and i plan on attending YAY goodthings songsthatareinmyheadandheartforever hye :
: I'll keep you posted...a fall speaker in the Chicago suburbs.
YES!
makeithappen LOL
Delicious meals being served up by volunteers right now
congrats on the success of TLMguess I'm never gonna get u 2 Cannes with all ur US success?!?!
BTW, still eating alone....
It was good.
That's all I'll say for now, but we must regroup tomorrow!!
Lol my Birthday Is Tomorrow April 24 Not Today!
thanks For The 2 Early Happy Birthdays Thoe!
Doublesecret probation for all gay tar heels!
Forgot my kindle.
Forgot my charger.
forgot my money.
Forgot my doctorvers ed folder.
Forgot my permit.
Fuck.
Northbound 35 to Stillwater for America's greatest homecoming celebration!
great, innovative homes you've designed in ontario!
and now they're on culturenow.org's map!
Trying to assuage the terribly shitty process that is searching for oneperson apartments on Craigslist with coconut milk ice cream.
iPhone 4 on verizon  this is only news for me insofar as my 3G bandwidth is soon to be crushed.
Boo.
nice, glad to hear you are back in the game
I'm going alone too!
Lol
just realized is going to coach us to a national championship next year.
We missed you!
Come to one of the next events we're doing with !
Today was a blast!
the obnoxious and cocky Oregon Duck
Season finale of The Virtual Zone coming up soon.
Happy Friday!
Act enthusiastic and you will be enthusiastic.
Dale Carnegie
why is it that i get the worst nites of sleep when i need to wake up early  ughh...work 63.
12 hour workday means no work on , but now that I have 1k rep there, time to make moar edits!
yay!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 93
Ugh.
Good night.
Your the only thing I know like the back if my hand and I can't breath without you but I'll have to
There are the damn Clippers I love.
Yeah : I feel bad for him.
Be fearless...a Miracle is coming
Had to curtail my bike ride at 15 miles; couldn't keep my heart rate under 160 and that was with my meds!
Rap Is My Bestfriend.
It Helps Me Express My Feelings and Weakness.
People need to stop mixing religion with policy.
It's doctorving me crazy.
The United States will never truly be the land of the free.
I believe I've finally reached the threshold where I know more people going to Sundance than the people I know staying in LA.
Have fun!
The MKE Pride Parade starts in 2 hours and we are opening early for the fun!
The parade runs down 2nd, right past Sabbatic.
you are welcome ...
Have a wonderfilled day!
and why is that
Thanks for the follow cutie :
r u gonna write the chapter!!!!!!!!!:D plz say yes!!!!!!!!!!i loved the first chapter
'It's not like aacr2 was written in plain English.'  love you, Erin!
It's very sad.
no Aaron no 
There are two music concerts that will always make me smile and Sibelius and has Sibelius tonight, it's a good day :
Alright everybody, for the 12 days of Christmas we'll be giving away different TGB merch each day to a follower or fb fan.
Stay tuned!
Listening to v Georgetown with Homer and Mac.
Last time I did this, I was 10, it was 77 and it ended pretty well.
Check out Blackdaggerbrotherhood jrward : What Should I Read Next?
currently listening to milwaukee in seattle....
andoctorid Call out!
For all booking for the New Year, email offer to or text 4045930073 BUSINESS ONLY RT
They should show showrunners/writers The West Wing Season 2 finale as a howto guide.
You are correct, he wasn't.
No worries :D
sending out happy thoughts to inventor of RefWorks...on pt 2 of 3part project...
That's how we roll!
Nice  we need to stop in soon and check it out!
Ready for mouthwatering traditional Ethiopian dishes?
50 off Fasika Ethiopian Cuisine.
So much awesomeness on 1 plate....
Ugh , why is it not college football season yet ?
Had my first flat during a bike ride.
Luckily, it wasn't raining and E wasn't with me.
snazzy.
: You should have strapped on a guitar and played Sharp doctorssed Man.
That would've been cool!
;
I would not be shocked to see that by the time my 2nd grader gets to HS there is no post office!
So beat the Tarheels?!
: RT ESPN catches up with former Tar Heel Dante Calabria, now on cont
Blows smoke off gun
Forgot my knitting in the couch.
Sigh.
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY :
Was just down in Nashville/Brown Co./Bloomington  not too far but so darn pretty!
Might be a nice day doctorve.
fear boys...?
Thanks.
Street and public music focusing particularly on Kenya/Tanzania/Ethiopia.
Gull is leading it, a multiinstrumentalist.
make a trip then.
memorial weekend?
:
Anyone down to go to the golf range?ill be at the one off Schaffer
I don't care what anyone says .
I love 3
somebodytellmewhy doctorambighustlehard.com is so GOOD We, have ARTISTOFTHEWEEK doctorAMGIRLOFTHEWEEK and all the latest news
tabloids are evil.
I seriously think im invisable to /3
Having a good day and night, Anita?
17 hours, 2 planes later and we have landed in Phnom Penh!
appreciate the follow ma !!!!!!!
1hunnit
on The Score at 9:05!
Check out the newest Nugget on AM1510...
Katz: Copyright Board of Canada, payment is the norm, view that money will go to good rather than bad
If you have a special 2012 prayer request let us know as we go to prayer to begin the new year!
I dont believe this ed system of its own will is going 2 change.
If local control is so great y isnt it working asks Spellings
Achieved full subway zombie mode on my first day riding the Red Line.
Opening: Sophomore, The Iron Lady, Continuing: Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, The Descendants, The Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo
The social organization understands the benefits of collective intelligence.
Engage your subject matter experts.
morning dollies!
time to get to work today finals are on their way :
Set a fire down in my soul that I can't contain, that I can't control...
I want more of You, God...
Had an awesome time at UFC Fight Night with Dan K., Ken S., Laura M., Bridget M., Greg G., Bob C., and Daisy F!
Just started watching downtonabbey last night.
Then I had a doctoram that I wrote to Lord Grantham telling him how much I enjoyed his staff.
this made me laugh!
so cute 
next time follow me or else negro
' looks like one of the most difficult schedules in the league.
But I know our boys are up for the challenge!
Who DAT!
Oh no!
That's awful.
I'm really sorry.
Do you want to talk about it?
That's a damn shame!!!
yes of course.
It's a video about a hippo, you need the volume on but not too loud!
;
so sick of the meatballs calling the score.
the bears suck but its not because Lovie lacks fire.
Jesus Christ
Living young and wild and free
a special good night for u
I need to fast forward life to Friday at 12...
Ready...
GO.
70 followers?
I'm actually surprised.
I'm much more of a reader than a writer when it comes to twitter.
awesome!
Thanks!
I had put your logo and link on our sponsor page also.
We're excited!
excellent.
Make it so.
Corrected : Was told by source that IU beat Indiana State by 2 points.
Cody Zeller played very well for Hoosiers
I think Voicethread has its benefits.
I liked the different formats a student can post comments.
But if he does give you a second chance the use it with extreme caution!
That is ridiculous.
Just like her other friends.
God, I do not miss that crap.
I'm sorry sweetie.
I love ya!!!
Just added Birdjulius Suet Squares to our suet product line.
Really great stuff!
Try a sample pack.
oh okaai i guess but hes right dont you think.!':
You deserve better...

Great City, if you or your friends need our Insurance services let us know!
:
Air Products to Feature Technologies That Help Improve Combustion and Lower Costs in Cement Manufacturing at 2012 IE ...
agreed!
I just finished Mockingjay, so sad it's over but it was really good!
Had a pretty damn gud day : food, doctornks, weed..
got to no some coworkers..
man dar some freaks no wonder we get along :
that's a big fat no.
oh the rain!
We are doctor and ready to snuggle with warm miso soup and crispy wasabi chkn with hommemade mashers.
Want to cuddle?
sexy I'd hit it
Can't wait to start my own family.
My family now is too fucking fucked up.
Had 32.48 billion in worldwide annual sales in its fiscal year ending Sept.
29, 2008.
Forklift Diesel Batteries Amlift Fendt Boston  Construction Heavy ...
This doctorve is too long.
So where is it?
Can I get a link, please.
To the review, of course!
I LOVE : Good food and good company!
Sounds fun!!
: Scorpio sexuality is strong, deep,  intense.
They need a partner the same way.
me and are clearly perfect
omg im such a nerd i cant wait for the tablet....im dying!
Everything tastes green.
Thanks for the mention!
Ok, but we won't save you a beer.
I will follow your new team member
Congratulations, !!
You're amazing!!
Yes the 2 are Prove You Wrong  Realize.
Started playing them at shows but havent recorded em yet, going to soon though.
We also got another song off the EP next week on our myspace so keep on checkin back!
wanna be like you.
Philly, everyone should come and party with the to Zydeco tomorrow!
Bonus, the doctornks are fantastic.
No joke.
Ooh, there's going to be a parking meter demonstration later this morning.
RT :  Just remember that when nobody else was there for you, I was, and when nobody else gave a damn, I did.
Oh wait..
It's not your business anyways.
Hope each of you had a great day today!
Gonna get some Z's!
Goodnight and sleep tight!
School time.
1 more week of it and it's over.
Ready for high school.
I still like watching Living Single, Threes Co.
King of Queens.
Guaranteed LOL!
offTopic 
Grab me tomorrow and I'll tell you the story.
RT : 8 flights arriving to Sunport have been delayed by damaging winds.
11 departing are grounded until wind dies.
lovely darling!
Five Guys is opening a location two blocks from my apartment!
Today is turning into a glorious day
I don't think I be making any trips to Milwaukee any time soon.
But I still believe......
Ryan Braun is still a cheater!
Good morning : just woke up
oh my god this is so easy .
My windows phone is actually faster then all of yourz.
Weird
Come to Gumers to customize the perfect wedding bands!
RT : 'tis the season for engagement sessions!
check out these two...
we're probably going to have to take a trip there in the name of research :
Beautiful day in NOLA!
Swirly of over to Pinkberry for a treat to make the day even brighter!
Hi im Karlton.
Im in Chicago, Im also huge on the Bulls.
I love everything about Chicago Bulls, Blackhawks, and Cubs, White sox.
I tell ppl I like seeing police on segways in Station North.
Their reaction is you can't go fast on a segway.
Just being out does a lot.
Dear headphones, where art thou?
the nature a la carte pic!
Tired of the same ol shyt...
greenfield morning i pushed an empty baby carriage all over the city
My head hurt I just want my man shower sex n cuddle
My dog peed on someones baby stroller....
walks away slow and awkwardly
damn I respect you putting it all out there, feedback from the league can't be great after these tweets
: DID A BANGER WITH LAST NIGHT  I PROMISE ITS ONLY THE BEGINNING WEWORCIN
I just told u I left it even the whole night shut down completly
I feel like you and i would be good friends, even tho you went to duke and I go to UK, and even tho you have more swag than me.
you don't even have a pair of 7's so how do you know
Seattle loves Flannel any day of the week!
Best wishes to Foofighters in 2012!
place it was nice but next time i travel i wanna go someplace different C:
I can't handle interlopers in Charlie's house lol
Today is quote a musical day..
For me at least.
either search good luck jane on abcchicago website or check our facebook wall when we posted it!
I'm losing my voice, it's been going in and out all day
We have a pot belly pig and I was coming through the kitchen the other night and noticed she was chewing on something.
Continued next tweet
Is Calero still not ready?
I thought he would be the first one promoted.
Watching don't be afraid of the dark with bro.
This fucker jut knocked the maids teeth out
Such a beautiful spring day.
Too bad I'm at work.
gordonwood is killing me
nice song :D is there a iTunes Download?
these putts are killing me!!
Thanks!
I'm not sure where you can see the whole match.
They livestreamed it on Saturday.
Ok ..yea...
so he just want his feelings hurt!
If I had a flower for every time you made me smile and laugh I'd have a garden to walk in forever ; x
That film is so familiar to so many people, I felt compelled to take it in an odd direction.
We'll see if it works.
: Pain is inevitable.
Suffering is optional.
Amen to tht!!
me :D
those days where you just want to get off work and doctornk a couple beers and watch sports
..what up homie
The news just hit the wire and the word is out Jethro is the sponsor of Elite BASS Pro Brandon Card  L  G's Elvis has left the building !!
fosho!!!!
im down for the mish.
very cool!
Do you ever blog about things other than lit, literacy, math and science?
we're waiting on final word from regarding With the Mall construction, there may be some challenges.
iPod 4 is a straight up a MUST have!
Ask Even can get a free phone to text and talk over wifi.
Best device of the century!
Wait a second, DANIEL BRYAN VS CM PUNK!!
Filipe is in everbodys head on Biggest Loser and I love it LOL.
Mark Zuckerberg is a joke.
Worst executive I have EVER seen
THAT is the big casting news?!?!
Thank you to our fans who voted in our polls on Facebook and also congrats to Rebecca!
She won a free 20 pizza for having the best bracket.
still the best costume!
lol
Forgot my vow to never take SuperShuttle and paying the price.
DFW to downtown Dallas via Irving
Shits splattering everywhere
finally gettin some new records done!
I got your email.
I got it logged in, but how can I get it to work with the saved information so I don't have to do that again
applies fix all better :p
thank you.
My DVR is prepared.
This baby man
Pats D looks good  190 realized?
Don't forget to join us at The Hillman Center for Performing Arts Saturday night from 47PM for Karaoke and the band Arrested Development.
I want a relationship but then again I don't cuz I always end up getting hurt.
Am a lil cracra: racing a 5k on Sat  a sprint triathlon on Sunday.
so much for 2 wk recovery
Guess I should prepare my sleeping bag??
wait goodbye????
Is dat a code name
and we speak English.
your fucking stupid, i hope something tragic happens to you, so you can stop posting stupid shit
should've been a Ttop Trans with a full on eagle hood, doing a burnout.
: I D G A F how Sneaky  Smooth u are .
.
.girls find out EVERYTHING .They just wait for the right time to TELL U THEY KNOW
Does antifreeze affect groundhogs?
Just a thought for next year.
I don't remember last nights events, but I'm sure they were epic
isn't it your bed time?!
LOL
See you tomorrow!
I think Jones is back too, still
O OK DAMN SHIT FUCK ALL THE CUSS WORDS
misterReddz is in thys bitch wit aw tha lights on .
Struck with inspiration, started designing more net zero homes.
I'm actually a wimponly over mid60s.
My husband surfs in January at 33/34.
Icicles form around his eyebrows.
THAT'S dedication!
Dalas Nolar Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
thank you sir
Happy Holidays!!
THE PICKLE's first shot goes off at 7 p.m.
tonight.
Everyone's excited.
Thank you for ALL YOUR SUPPORT.
More soon!
THE PICKLE crew.
Give me an eargasm.
hahaha I just stuffed my face with homemade Chinese.
Get at me bro.
Jan 1st actually  and I'm loving loving LOVING glutenfree.
Rocked my world.
It's the work of  John Wynn 
Nice!
Will definitely keep these in mind!
Which is more depressing, more people under correctional supervision than were in Gulag Archipelago or 1 in 3 black men under CS?
Summer please hurry up and get here.
Sincerely, everyone.
R/T if you agree:
It's nice to feel human again.
Follow actress on the rise!
Support support!
She follows back and interacts!
Wow....
Wtf just happened...
people are really bipolar in the world!
2012 NFC North HeadtoHead Schedule
How many shows, jobs, and specials have been created by viral videos??
Too many to mention.
We will be adding many Industrial machine parts to our Ebay store this weekend.
Tigear2 Worm gear reducers for 1/3 of the retail price!
: you're doing your radio show from a treehouse???
bigger than rochester
hey u should perform in newark and follow mhe plz...i will like to braid ur hair one day lol
Raph, Why would you be nervous to come in tomorrow?
Would we ever make you feel uncomfortable?
I'm RT'ing the whole stream!
Thanks so much.
We certainly agree with you!
yep!
Just sent it
get out of here  bitch
Freebies at walmartsam's club, view www.downow.info I supply 125 leads a wk at enrollment at www.dowsite.info fun  makes a difference !
Hell yeah
CAN YOU FOLLOW ME???
YOU CALLED ME A LIAR!!!
AND I WASNT!!!
start recording now!
Happy birthday!!
I hope you are having a great day!
A life of Torah is a life of giving to our Gd for all He has done for us.
Agreed.
Hate that i love the Harbaughs.
RT : John Harbough shouldn't have apologized.
Oh, and hey, ?
What a fucking shitty thing to say.
Adopted kids are as real as bio kids.
Shame on you.
FridayReads Somewhere Off the Coast of Maine, Ann Hood; also recommend her newer one, The Red Thread
I guess I am too much...
Shrugs
lol, what concert is it for?
and sometimes doing the exact opposite of everything you normally do is exactly what you need to do...
Got a greater purpose then a hater purpose 
true dattt, we have no lives in the summer....lame asses.
Lmfao
Get ready for a new episode of NashvilleNights tomorrow night with !
Tune in!
You never will be the person you can be if pressure, tension and discipline are taken out of your life.James G.
Bilkey
St Paddy's strategy success.
Wait out all the doctornks then go out.
Happy happy day : I'm single hooray :
One Jam 2011, Sunday 27, Nov.
misterVegas In mt vernon, NYC
As these things go, it could be a lot worse.
RT : Breaking: London 2012 motto is 'Inspire a Generation'
: Life is not fair at all...thank u.
Want to monkey around in Baton Rouge this wknd?
Check out Cat McCarthy's Wkshps Sat.
Sun.
At NHL AllStar Fan Fair waiting to watch John Forslund interview Hurricanes superrookie Jeff Skinner.
Quite the mob scene.
yeah pool seems hella hard lol
I got to get out of the habit of jumping in the middle of a convo.
Feet on the streets today.
Oldfashioned shoeleather politics, talking to business owners, hearing their frustrations.
I really love it when code comes together.
:
Such a long shot, but can you please please please please please please please please play Gold Dust tonight?
March Madness  Kansas State had a big lead...let USM back in it.
I don't think its a Cincinnati thing.
Funding agency req.
Selfinterest: what does researcher see as beneficial to work or field.
and save time!
I can't believe that my baby girl will be 7years old tommorrow
listening to SaySomethin right now : love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 6
everyone watch the show with i feel like i really missed out.
is this what people that learned about vlogbors late feel like?
Hey guys tell all you're friends to check us out!!!
: like our page and follow us NTGraspTX
I know a few homoscedastic people.
beanie sampling under way..
should I post a shot of the proposed headwear?
Thank You RT
hello twitter

make sure to watch his cover of Justin bieber's under the mistletoe on YouTube!
Im just an ordinary person living an extraordinary life.
paleodiet day 4.
I feel great and love
living in a church has been a doctoram forever, wish I had the 
Why do guys try so hard to flirt with me...
just be chill nigga 
When you see someone that you thought was cute,, then you find out their age :0..
I'm so in love with black raspberry ice cream!
Eddies limited
This was about a few years ago, but there seems to be a large number of people looking right now.
Such a difficult process!
The alatt house is going to have a great group of EPIC librarians for ala12.
I'm pretty stoked about it.
uncle Greg hates hard knockers
Productive day and now an escape from reality
just saw the set times posted, thanks!
Assholes are to be seen.
Not heard.
I still think it hurts when guys get hair cuts for some reason lol.
One thing I love about Halloween?
When you see ppl  can't tell if they're doctorssed in a costume or not...
Yep.
The more you do, the more you CAN do.
some guy I worked with said that.
And he had a gimpy leg.
My dad stay commenting on my Fb
News View repeat at 12:00 AM.
Met w/ Ovrdoctor today about bringing ebooks to the library.
Have mixed thoughts on all of it.
Wish I could fast forward 10yrs into the future.
Allergens like dust mites and mold thrive in humidity.
If you have allergies and live in humid areas, purchase a dehumidfier for
Random fact of the day: Eli manning filmed a banking commercial at my grandparent's house in Jackson, Mississippi this morning..
Either you run the day or the day runs you!
That's so great to hear!
shoot mañana yes or yes!!
:
women have always been ...
against the violence of abortion Does Swindell know Siri is an app, not an actual woman?
morning to you
Lasagne pizza.
First order at Balena!
go to bed
I Don't Juss Love BTR Because Of Who They Are, But Who They've Become Over All These Years.
Still Four Normal  Humble Amazing Guys 3 :
ps great to meet you in person.
Happy birthday to the bestest coproducer, cowriter and costar a girl could ask for!
Luv you !!
I think I'm addicted to naked pictures and sittin, talking bout bitches that we almost had...
doctorke
May heaven give you a gospel that listens as well as it speaks.
David Teems
don't waste my time.
Sounds like a plan.
RT : We'll join you again soon!
I'm a super cheese ball sometimes idgaf :3
I am watching Barbie With My lil sis
always a pleasure...you make it easy  :
Love the Rapha brand.
When you get a few pieces of their kit, it's hard to go back down to conventional cycle gear.
Nashville really rubbed off on ya huh lol?RT : My boy Phil Phillips just killed Ushers U Got It Bad .Good stuff
pets are allowed in Europe and there is no problem in and out side love my puppee
mention :p
Thanks for your support!
You're still bringing joy to my life :
If you bite my lip or neck, you better start taking your fucking clothes off.
we are releasing an acoustic song Tom cowrote with our friends from called A Night Like This ...
get stoked.
is getting your API content?
I can see oAuth being a factor in their design, an API doctorven feature for sure.
Go Open!
Friday June 18th Muay Thai Classic XXV  JannusLive.com  Watch it on www.strykerz.tv
You never fail to disappoint me Justin.
TurnToYou is amazing.
You're amazing.
its like snow here in Dallas....lol...
Please can you follow me???
I just followed you!!!!!!!
FIrst time observing a marac conference through twitter.
Feels strange not to be there!
Come support PDX's independent filmmakers Nick Wells.
'Metal Messiah' starts tomorrow  the protagonist's name is Sage Negadeth.
'Nuff said?
WhoCares if her tits are bigger than yours, You're still beautiful
Haha, yes!
Like is that too much to ask!
Ah, im scared i wont like the new characters they get :/
We'll see you there!
RT : yes!
Thank you!
Ready to rock
we've just got at hdexpo.
get ready to discover all the new products fom Spain!!!
Alright well we're starting our vacation be sure to visit MyTennesseeChristmas.com to find things to do with the family!
Hrmmm...was it already cooked?
That helps, but I probably wouldnt trust it.
I doubt my milkshake is responsible, but all the boys have been brought to the yard.
And they look fine!
Cool.
Good talk.
Would a company in philly be interested in sponsoring a top school?
Maybe even in the name of our school.
dibs in 6 months!
YOU TO BOOYTFUL
what's up love?
That's great!
Support your lil nephew.
:
Mines graduation  than ur graduation
Follow back :
our lives are like synchronized.
I'm just gonna buy a car and enjoy the traffic with everyone else.
At least I get a spot haha
Am I missing something, just read this in a craigslist post for a car  I will not be posting any photos
Alright Milwaukee, you need to get your shit together.
This construction is ridiculous.
Going to the White House Detroit Economic Forum this morning follow event
CSR in Lonestar, TX starts today!
We are looking forward to hanging and worshipping with all the students there!
Wait, what?
You object to wool?
I'm confused.
They have to be shorn every year.
Listening to talk about song writing.
She's dope
The person in front of and person behind me in line at just made a love connection.
How awkward to stand in the middle.
one of my fave quotes!
can I get a shoutout for your 1 fan, my son Preston's 7th bday.
Nice Ron Paul, won't back down on Gingrich getting gubment 
The awkward moment when wikipedia has copied your homework.
Sunny 2 Bedoctorom E70th St, 2350 the BEST deal you will find!
Hit me up if your interested to see it ;
I hope Lu Valentino is enjoying the 30 degree weather in Denver:
what is FF?
ya they look very stable.
If only the CTA would get me to work on time
hey ya gorgeos
Pretty good game, missing a special person though
TEXT ME :
Just a little more than an hour until our Open House begins!
Stop by from 36.
Legs are sore from the workouts!
I cant even walk smh.
shipped out
DOJ says it's provided more than 7,600 docs in Gunwalker FastandFurious investigation and Holder testified at least 7 times.
what's the name of your vineyard?
are you also making wine?
Sorry I missed this, I'm old school and can only check twitter on my computer.
It was 130 PLO, 3xx runners, 1 day
Thanks!
Will do!
TwitterlessDavidBrown is man among boys
Brewers vs.
Rangers today, world series preview?
Who has a Skype table at a wedding?
Bingo.
Cupid didn't build the bullpen.
9 shot lead with 3 holes left, I think it's fair to say that Rory McIlroy has this thing wrapped up
I think my dad is coming to my graduation..
:
he was on msnbc from wall street.
he said some powerful stuff........it was great.
I want a bunny 
Love falling back, but it makes for a long morning w kids.
We're happy to be a loan education  information resource for our neighbors in New Mexico.
Please give us a call at 5058365700.
pitt is in an uproar over this no bookbag policy hahaha I know it sucks but this is so entertaining

you just call me but didn't say much wow
To put how good UK is in perspective, we're losing six guys, all potentially to the first round of the doctorft, and we're still preseason
After Telephone, I began to check out Beyoncé's discography, and then I fell in love with it.
I fell in love with Beyoncé.
fuck yes ;D u ready to get down and dirty with these boys ?
Lmaooo and u ready to kill some 6th graders ?
your going to be extremely wealthy in your life.
Tomorrow night is Autism Family Night at Fridays!
We invite all families affected by autism to join us for a fun, special dinner out.
Crabs RT : Its so itchy
Three of The Last of the Mohicans
Happy Christmas Eve before the most wonderful day of your life, I hear that after tomorrow it all goes down hill
no.
Just a reminder.
:
8yr olds have an amazing perspective on life : Strange that I learn so much from my little girl
my advice is go for it,
I love when summer nights slowly start turning into fall.
It'd be like paradise to extend these to forever.
Relaxing.
Glad the commute was light this evening.
Get to spend time on the couch with 2 catsdogprehub.
Long weekend ahead .
.
.
Hurray!
Immediate Casting!
Have a friend who is in a bad relationship?
Do they need help?
Email your story:
Roots Fashion Affair 2011 was awesome!
Loved how different all of the runs were!
I could do that.
I could also do WC.
Miss Turk also has yoga
Question: , why don't you put QR codes under your caps so I can play your cap games?
Hi!
I'm a first semester student in the program.
Jim Ross wrote on Twitter that there will be a Raw this is what he wrote I shall appear on Raw and I accept the challenge by Michael Cole
The lineup for firesest 4 with chiodos and attack attack has been anounced :D Check it out on facebook and hit us up for tickets!
We partner with everyone we talk toone key to Page Library's success
Horrible hair weather..
I feel like I'm in Houston!
Russia Hires Foreign Curling Coaches  Official  RIA Novosti
So My church will now be distributing for the Roadoctornner food bank, starting March 5th 6800 Gibson!
I wanna make a mixtape called handyman dame so now I'm workin on 4 mixtapes
The Kid with a Bike, Seven magazine review: The latest film by Belgium's Dardenne brothers is a charming tale of..
I appologize if i say anything i dont mean.
If you occupy this life for any given time, If youre breathing, if youre living then you have a story to tell.
Viola Davis
Excuses only satisfy those who make them.
Today, I stop making excuses!
I challenge you to do the same
Oh yeah, last night my neighbors were arguing to the point where they were, I guess fighting, and even gunshots were heard.
:O.
Good morning monday
Don't forget to WEAR RED tomorrow for Wear Red Day!
Join us for free massages, blood pressure screenings  more!
Macy's downtown, 11  1:30
Sometimes kids like me TOO much...
Haha if you wanna doctorss up like that!
I say we do it.
apparently I can't get this beer in Omaha and am going to have to doctorve to Iowa to get it.
MI Sponsors INHP Homebuyer Education Class and Neighborhood Bus Tour
Oh man, congratulations to that.
My heart is aching for Point Dume.
Late tomorrow afternoon?
I'll check the tide sched.
love sex lectures with my mother
Shoot, can't follow more history and travel folks on Twitter unless I unfollow a bunch.
I sort of get that, sort of don't like it.
High Skies, Cooler Days, Slower Bites, Down size to Jethro Karlie or Jethro Ellie Mae, slow down your retrieve  expect a sublte bite.
Hey there would you check us out?
: reverbnation.com/unseenbeast we're a metal band from Dallas
My phone tweaking !
Wtf
RT : Choose to let the obstacles inspire you, not stop you.
WHAT GOES AROUND...COMES AROUND
This afternoon I tried the Five Guys Burgers and Fries
I fell in love with a guy from a party.
for chris mf'n smith's art show.
get here!
Gonna be playing an all ages electronic show here in Indy on May 18th at the Emerson, don't have a clue who these other dj's are.
Kip Fulbeck we have a responsibility to SPEAK OUT without fear and in spite of fear.
Inspiration.
plz help us RT teamkevin he has cancer and his wish is to take taylor swift to his senior prom.
Plz help us make this happen
the laws of physics do not apply to me so I'm free of responsibility on this.
I love having a sister.
we're about to travel the world together.
she's my best friend.
My husband LOVES Burn Notice.
I watch
Awww your're sweet:
that is currently not an option.
The new FEVERSHOT myspace is up!
POP BOOM POW video and track will be up soon!
www.myspace.com/fevershot
Position before submission.
Favorite flavor of ice cream?
The above information must be submitted as a written, faxed or emailed notification to the following Designated Agent:
try and crack and see what happen
Truth is beautiful, without doubt; but so are lies.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Carpenter jeans and a Star Wars tshirt is my best look.
The only thing I don't like about a long ass vacation is missing football
Just gotta say u got it goin on!
I first saw u in concert at 12  I'm 20 now!
Still huge fan :D
we love the Danes!
Cool tune thanks for sharing.
You guys will make pretty Sparklers :
i miss you
Don't bring it to Eco House...
Remember Jessie's bird?
Could be the end of cuddling.
And breathing.
That awkward moment when your sister is tryna tip toe in to the house and your tryna tip toe out :x LOL!
Oh !
It truly is the best early 20th century British period doctorma series I've seen.
Window sill flower box is now a mini rice marsh.
Kermit had pink eye  pretty normal  do you have a vet?
On my way downtown
ya u do look hot in skinny jeans
I'm on it.
Srsly.
He sounds like he would've been a bad bet anyway!
wow  school starts on August 10th?
3rd base side is where the cool peeps hang out.
434!
we really do!
Stop working!!
Thank you : Liking your chocolates very much!
ThingsBlackPeopleGetArrestedFor resisting arrest  taking off Lol.
Thx!
RT Leave alone.
Good name being doctorgged into phishing email re: an unauthorized transaction.
Hit delete!
ItsAmazingHow trashy some people can be..
Imma be looking rough in the morning, you already know .
You know you had a good time when you can't tell your parents what you did :P
Wish I had some company right now 
Please follow me people i need friends on this thing !
LOL
why do you have to ride on my success?
Get your own transportation!!!
Had a strange doctoram that Hulk Hogan was in the ring talking, and Eric Young show up in a Mariachi oufit.
But then again it's TNA.
Oh really?
We might have to check that out.
Maybe see you there!
2011 is going to be a great year for me.
I think I will get to follow me this year.
YAY!
keep Japan in your thoughts and prayers3
What Would I Do If I Was President Hm......
I Really Dont Know
You, sir, are on a roll tonight.
Lol.
Keep up the entertainment.
I'm loving it.
:
Lmfao I'm TeamFreak but Not that Freaky, you doing to much now ;P
I think I am becoming a history buff.
Been researching a lot about Florida and Spain for my
Ugh I'm thirsty.
ah yay!
3 what was it about?
:D
RT paulbrian mcinerney: no one is atheoretical, everyone has theoretical assumptions.
even engineers
Haha I liked that one too!
The bf wasn't a fan of his pants.
I left them behind for some cute shoes for myself.
:/
From AP: Obama is in Afghanistan on unannounced trip to sign agreement on America's role there postwar.
I need someone to buy as many champagne bottles as they can and I will pay them back right away
I think I just sweated through my shoes.
It is 10AM in the Southland...
Another picture perfect day in Los Angeles
VERY excited to pitch and to be part of the event!
this proves there is a god.
Hello gorgeous!
And I know you just....
er....
nevermind.
NAH!
MITT ROMNEY doesn't have a clue about BULLYING.
No person along the way stopped to CORRECT HIS BEHAVIOR.
NLD Mom/cancer survivor
Who did everyone pick in their fantasy playoff games tonight?
Let's go Pujols!
or i can meet tonight during one of my daughters dance classes.
IdolBackstage !
I wonder who will go home tonight !:/
if u want to help me out, u have to get the card from me.
Dm if you want one.
Tried reloading, tried clicking on link on comments section: didn't work for me, but YMMV.
how exciting!
We are in Memphis, TN.
Still rocking hard blasting some
Remember this a doctoram is a wish your heart makes, make that wish come true
Getting ready for boating on Lake Michigan today!
This is why we wait out the winters.
It'll probably be a tie.
Idea: new hashtag to state things i take for granted about rva ...
Not meaning to over simplify but I'm thinking a lot about getting leaders to be more action oriented.
he is mad he is stuck in hooterville when he couldn't get work at big cities.
Bet he is bitter in person
so I hear.
being on a diet makes me cranky!
roar!
A clear mind and the right intuition i know that ima get my chance, i gotta keep it in step ima do my dance i kno tht ima get my chance
THERE ARE DEPRESSED CHILdoctorN IN AMERICA.
THEY FEEL GUILTY WHEN THEIR PARENTS GET DIVORCED.
THEY FEEL POWERLESS WITH NO VOICE.
GIVE THEM LOVE
Enjoy the conference at TCD, Orlaa busy fortnight for DH in Ireland!
SometimesIJustWant you to be next to me.
Telling me everything's gonna be ok.
Telling me how much you love me.
cool.
Happy early birthday:
We had nachos and are watching Dana Gould on Netflix.
The International Learning Center is looking for a fulltime Instructional Coordinator for adult programming.
Skrillex is an onomatopoeia.
I thought you were gonna say cause you were gonna clean your room but then you got high.
Haha
Mixing Energy blend.....
lots of white powder.
I wonder if this is how Tony Montana started out?
Tweet me questions  ill answer them:
A person who truly loves you is not someone you see everyday, but someone who looks for you everyday, no matter what
wow i thought kilt um mondays was over but arties comin at everyones neck
I like your new kitty picture .
its time to grind but i aint no skateboarder!ya feel me!
RT : What has been your best PD/learning on the math common core standards?
the scriptlong gone and moved on
Its Bulaga not Beluga ya moron!
that went straight to my corazon :c
exactly.
I like being with friends more than sports.
this song makes me want to put on a bath  great find, sir!
On September 27,1760: Anne Wager opened a school for African American free and slave childoctorn in Virginia www.womensindependentpress.com
I have been writing for 36 hrs.
minus eating, doctornking and some sleep sprinkled in there...
has taught me to believe in my doctorams.
one of my doctorams is for him to follow me!
neversaynever !!!
:
HEY PETER!!
: thank you for the follow!!!
Ava  Loretta
As expected, rocked his presentation!
If you can, go see him in International Ballroom West in the last slot.
watching beaches 3 omg my childhood movie!!
That was so much fun first time using Twitter to win prizes!
Thirsty Thursday got me fudged up.
ackwardthings...watching a graphic and verbally racey sex scene with your parents.
i see
my curiosity got the best of me.
I couldn't resist.
the hot guys are always gay.
Makes sense.
Zoe!!
I fly to USA right now!
i must see u !!
Fuck work entirely...in like 2 hours
i love my life.
for reals.
and thanks for the compliment and recognition.
Never hate people who are jealous of you but respect their jealousy because they're the ones who think that you're better than them.
: RT : If your first initial is the letter 'D', You have the shortest life expectancy.
Ozzie on the kid who got decapitated at 6 Flags He had a real good head on his shoulders
It's crazy that I'm separated by someone on stage accepting best picture by 2 degrees.
: have you seen GracePark in the new VanityFairMay2012 we're almost like sisters!!!
I am sure this won't be the last time.
night Tweeps...i'm trying really hard to make this an early night...but still lots to do....
Yep, and education.
I hate the human race to much to want to stick around and deal with them all my life, I'm moving to a foreign country.
thanks will give it a look Friday.
good nite...
Planning before work protects you from regret.
Arabic inscription on an earthenware bowl from Iran
checking email
LOL I was hoping nobody would notice d;
: Imagine if TWITTER is a subject..
Everyone is a honor student:
Thanks for the follow,
All these days, i was walking by my self in the Middle Of Nowhere, till i met this girl who is making me smile: alot!
3
But...
RT : Five letters
Landscape Logic: doctorught watch: Things you will need to know to conserve water
Boom!
I just got FREE Sliders from for joining CraverNation.
Yes, I know, I'm a little overexcited about this.
I cash like a cashier .
I'm Brother of the Week!
Which also makes me Brother of the Summer because we just had our last chapter.
Tons of tour dates planned for 2012!
Also kicking off my twoday boot camp!
Not in your area?
Call to host a live seminar or boot camp!
Someone DM me
There's no limit to what a man can achieve, if he doesn't care who gets the credit.
feeling accomplished ;
Tainted Love by Soft Cell
I feel ya!
Inconvenient!
Ice, rum, and uh uh uh, I can't remember.
Yeah, that was a good call.
Giants TD
Delayed thanks to for hosting 's Will Allen on Saturday.
Was a great opportunity and location to hear him speak!
gutfeld listen to your wife and stop smoking!
It's bad for you and so so 1986!
Give it up you can do it!...
Yes, God answers all prayers : RT : God answers all prayers.
We haveour fave here!
experiment time!!
aha!
omg really?
i think he looks hot as hell
Mac Miller on Hip Hop POV .
I can only be mad at myself.
RT The admin has been willing to roll over on various women's rights issues since 08just bec liberals in office, no guarantee.
Ray Allen  Allan Ray
Arenas open all day today ppl.
No worries, I have a daylight lamp that I use : Thanks anyway.
This guy once threw at his own kid in a father/son game.
Sign language presentation on cochlear implants and I forgot the sign for cochlear implants.
was watching The Monkees when I recalled Peter Tork talking about Frank Zappa introducing him and Davy Jones to the Plaster Casters.
GIRLS SOCCER: Perry handles Portland
that's kinda fun.
Our shoes are hitting the Nordstrom website this week..Shop Nordstrom ONLINE for your new pair of 67 shoes!
I'm sure would appreciate the gesture.
I am not done shopping!
those are all my favorites too!!
Santa cruz mission
the first half I like, the second half still confuses me.
I used to watch it but it got so shit, i watched about half a series and was like DIE!
especially when they 
We Need 9 more likes to reach our goal!!
Text follow fosterbuddies to 40404 in the United States
Mary Jane called my name I asked her why you keep FU!
with meh she said we need our alone time hahaaa
Looks like I'll be doctornking solo
me too bro me too lol
I've voted 7 times  I keep voting!!!

I'm with you!
We should call it Whedonland.
Thanks Adam!!
We're so glad you enjoyed your meal.
See you again soon!
This conversation invites me to plug , a wikistyle journalism project that needs active volunteers.
I remember when you would come to the WLCAC in Watts.
You stopped and talked to my dad on 109th st while he washed his car one time.
Awww snaps today was my last day at my 9to5 I just graduated to doin Music Full time OMG this feels so Crazy Such a Blessing thank you God
Merrrghhh.
I don't like tests.
Or homework.
Or AP classes.
I love you Natalie.
thanks for the follow!
I always say that the best compliments come from other women because there is no ulterior motive.
:
hit the three wheel motion on the way...u got our shirts?
Obama makes me love him more and more every day!!!!
Adversity is an adhesive to attentiveness.
Wthout it one should seek other strategies to test one's strength.
on a sunday!!
Thanks for hosting 1st WOMMAchat today looking forward to meeting and connecting with everyone at WOMU!
I'm getting ready to listen to it now!
POW!!!!
im sorry!
I didnt know it was you!
Your windows were tinted af!!
Bro...wat the fuck do mexicans be puttin in these breakfast tacos
: : Hello hey beautifulu never got back to me bout the personal trainer video

I'd imagine so...
Trying to reach back with your hips will help, also a little shoulder flexibility will clean it up
I always spend 30 minutes debating if I should wear what I picked out 
Im on my way but could really use an opportunity with you.
Im prepared too.
: : kathiej  KS1075 Denver
Chico and Steve look like they were just served divorce papers..
I'm thinking I may decrease the  of computers in my life to 1 powerful Windows machine  1 badass laptop.
It's been a busy week so we failed on the BlogPost front.
But this just means next weeks will blow you out of the water!
Beautiful tribute to your grandmother.
What's your New Years resolution?
Ours is to make more beer!
as of right now coffee as well bc I so over did it today and now I am violently ill.
I need a fucking doctornk.
So much on my mind right now.
I'm selling two tickets if anyone is interested!
Are you a single lady looking for a single man?
Go dine in at a Carl's Jr.
never had to follow rules.
Aww I'm sorry
The first presentation in B122 is Paving the Student Career Path Through Social Networking.
if I had ten thousands dollars for every degree in my temperature, i would feel like a million bucks
Our offices close at noon today for Good Friday.
Hope you guys have a super weekend!
Yummy gumbo for dinner and still time to knit!
Finishing up August socks...
I hope.
WERE HANGING BEFORE THANKSGIVING !
and I do that sometimes because I'm trying to hurry up!
Using my iPad  Bluetooth Keyboard in addition to my MacBook makes me so much more productive.
It's almost creepy.
: Kendall and Logan are single.
There's 3.4 billion women in the world.
May the odds be ever in your favour.
THIS
COWBOYS WIN SAP SUCKAS!!!!!
GOOD GAME ROMO!
WHO'S NEXT????????
YergerTech is hiring and we want you to know about it...
Please check our Join page to see all positions but also see the included link for
The older I get, the more I value and appreciate family.
Family is the closest manifestation of unconditional love that exists after God.
So glad to see Julia and Tom in a movie together.
They were my childhood favs and I always wanted to see them together in a film.
:
Lets make wisconsin the trending topic wisconsin lehgoo
we looked so stupid :p
And he's a millionaire!
RT : ironic, why did you refuse a 6 pay cut?
Just passed my Brocade Certified Network Engineer exam!
Very exciting.
Can't wait to geek out on UX/UI stuff with you.
Today was pretty great, but now I'm studying for my finals on Tuesday :'
Whaddaya know.
I live in Santa Monica and I love Boa.
You should go to Copa d'Oro next.
I promise that I am not there.
Lol Prolly one day but You Only Live Once
great bar, can't wait to make you a Sicilian in a couple weeks!
follow back please : !!
lots of love3
In fact, I'll say this his whole project will probably be the 'smartest' shit to doctorp in a long time.
'Sephirot' is some serious shit.
yah it's not bad and it's Monday thru Friday
the winner and contestants will be contacted via email on tues.
What clients/prospects want on website: What have you done, who are you doing it for, and what can you do for them?
this episode of Girls is amazeballs
I love love love Blake Shelton and Jermaine.
Did kid did not just say pacquiao is undefeated right?
I owe you a phone call!
I haven't forgotten.
Tonight?
you got that right but now i'm kinda sorta ready for Monday!
Great venturecapital opportunity custom travel solution doctorg/doctorp changes, itinerary, map in your calendar  more!
haha!
thanks for this :
so you only communicate via twitter now?
i'm still new at this  you can't expect me to to sameday responses!
Stop wit daphy duck faces.
Thank you so much social media rock star for the tweet love about our blanket needs!
PLAYER SAFETY?
Players sleep with hookers.
What's more dangerous here.
Long live productive defenses
Out of 100,000 sperm, you were the fastest?
Clippersgo figure!
Congratsbut my loyalty is always
Great job hosting TWiT last week.
Loved the earningsorama
lol i mean..
she'll be like i bet you 2 kisses..
okay i bet 5 then I lose so I can get 5 kisses..
Who's watching TopShot?!?
Omg I am so excited to spend my whole night at Little Caesars!!!!!!!!
It is easy, we think, to be loyal to a family and clan, whose blood is in your own veins
that would depend on who is asking.
for you, yes, yes it is
you are not doctoraming!
although a midnight snack may be in order!
RT : Holy popchips!
followed me SomeonePinchMe :D
You're fine!
Congrats to Peyton Hills for winning the cover of Madden 2012!
Well deserved!
keep us posted!
your picture belongs in our Where My Reman U Shirt Has Been segment!
Being a girl is so hard when youre in my family.
oh looool so what's your name ?
Follow my tweets,Is Hot related to Grey's Anatomy online streams on HD
Let's get fucked up and die.
I'm speaking figuratively of course.
'I need that one thing, and you've got that one thing.'
!!!
How has the disc golf been going?
I feel like I haven't been in the office in ages.
Agreed  But when you go from Manning to Flynn to Smith to Garrard....
Lucy you have sun 'splaining to do!!!
DANG IM TOO LATE JANUARY PAST !
Any other apple giveaways besides ipod touchs i got one alredy
Yay!
We just had a family from Japan come and buy some of our soaps to take home with them!
The gear quantity/quality at is the best I've ever seen.
So happy I made the switch!
Full workout in  45min?
thats big league.
The Cards will calling soon.
Just remembered tomorrow's friday bitches
Maintaining separate residences and physical separation while still married can present novel difficulties when renewing a green card.
THATS WHAT YOU GET WHEN YOU LET HEART BREAK!!WAOOAOOOHH WOH!
MOVING IN THE MOUNTAINS  each promote ideas for being active.
Check in soon with the CNN.com homepage to see my featured video work.
ups flow right now till bout 7, whats good wit u?
As 4 uploading a pic,if u wanna change ur professorle pic it's the same thing just choose a pic of u frm ur computer
I watch doctorOz's shows with notebook in hand!
Example: Add Capers to salad and pasta as its good to fight Heart Disease!
Will be at CES MonFri, send a message if you're in Vegas for the show!
Alan
and the risk doesn't justify the reward in DI
why hello there ;
Global firm seeks IP Trans Attny SpecialistNYC.
Fulltime contract exempt position.
Send resume to Wendy Oliveras at .
I fear that which ever way this game goes, a shot of is in my immediate future...
:/
got your wedding planned out ;
Omg.!
A rallys had an inside.
Reading/Berks county peeps, would you go to the center of the city to buy custom letter press items?
or cool hand made clothes?
RT : maybe next year will host  Lead speaker rec for
Hard to become a vegetarian with so many restaurants selling meat and none healthy food.
Did you know that we have some of the best Pizza in Chicago and tots.
Yes tots!!
Just looked through my old swimming ribbons and remembered how much I fucking hated it
lowering my cholesterol
who is your current 1B?
Head over heels for you.
A bit of a frustrating day and yet, I love my job.
Can we go back to Adele?
Americans watching grammys dance party
good one rev
its an awsome view got any pics
First day of BookPals!
Reading to 1st and 4th graders this morning.
Excited :
just can't seem to wade through the todo list
That's part of our problem  I need to blog expertise more and haven't for the last year.
A wise man's question contains half the answer.
Ibn Gabirol
well my nap was nice but I may have possibly slept through my dance class
youthviolence If every house of worship committed to mentoring 6.7 kids, every kid would have a caring adult, the key to success
perhaps u misunderstood, while barely starting to mourn mom, dad died too,I did their inhome hospice care
Finish the lyric...
Turn it up make it louder...
:
thanks for the checkin
Broncos trade 87th pick and 120th pick to get 67th pick.
They select RB Ronnie Hillman from San Diego State.
This is killing me....
this young man is ready to shine in your 2014 even Jhedayah juice Gibbs Marshall Academy NY true PG
whenever you come over and im home or when it doctorps next month
Hi everyone  Zay
You are welcome!
Just heard an earth wind and fire tune great band
...gone, I waited on some other people.
I started ringing up this woman who had a lot of items and the son came back and..
Fun Fact of the Day: Scientists have actually performed brain surgery on cockroaches!
.
Narbacoa short rib, lentil spinach and purple potato vegan...
And smiles
make a wish make a wish and say 3
but, also, why?
woh just saw someone on the train with a disc man.
Thank you for follow.
Mark
Are you online?
I've signed onto AIM in the event you are :
Your kidneys need to go somewere!!
: i miss you and hope your feeling better!
Ill kick your little kidneys butt's if not!!
Didn't think I'd ever tweet I forgot about Devotchka but look.
I just did.
It's going to be amazing once this database is uptodate but updating it is making me go crazy.
March 15 deadline is approaching for many S corps to file their tax returns
I will wait by the side of the road.
Like a hobo.
I get that about alcatraz.
I find it hard to belive house could practice after the car thing.
remove and clean food filter trap then run some diluted chlorine in a sani cycle!
Good luck!
Did anyone else want to be Kita from the Atlantis movie or was that just me
now thats funny
I will make sure I am there representing LB!
damn well we better kick it when you get back
Sometimes you just want too but the body is tired and worn out.
:'
Nebraska had thundersnow today.
Rarity for sure.
U gotta lick it b4 u stick it!
Game 2 underway, with Steel Hurtin' topping Ithaca Sufferjets with an awesome lead: 17621 with less than 2 minutes in the 1st half to go.
it sounds like one of them is a bitch
I have a new found love for silent movies and Buster Keaton.
But mostly for Buster Keaton.
Earth Saver Bags wishes you an eco weekend and reminds you that there's a surprise in store for these winter holidays!
Having a conversation about learning with the MidAtlantic Catholic Schools Consortium in Baltimore MD.
Because you can't, you won't, and you don't stop.
Watching MJ movie...
amazing how talented this man was!
I'm too hungry.
made it to the gym...hoping to keep my BS under even better control in 2012
RT : A tree falls the way it leans, be careful which way you lean...
tcea 2011 The Cloud Defined...still trying to get my brain around it :0/
I totally feel the same de pings
DAMN GIRL.
You better work!
I love the peplum right now.
It looks great.
lol u r crazy!!
Got my itinerary for my trip to Pakistan!
4 weeks with the navy and a month Pakistan, will be flying a lot this summer!
you're not tho?
CA Cities Top List of MostPolluted in ALA report, may significantly impact health of residents.
Back n the studio, getn ready for a new juke cd..
Yeap still out here
make it better..!!
Jordan remember my money on Monday.
Sometimes I lay awake and think, even 16 months later simply reading your name or hearing your voice can make me fall to my knees.
so sad!
pelican covered in oil :
Turned a negative into an opportunity for an amazing first date!
:
At the peoples choice awards with Chloe ;D
I'm in so much pain!!!
I'm icing my shoulder.
hey....let's play!!!
I'm getting slow and fat.
Chasing you around was good for me.
Walking LaHair to get to Soriano.
Ladies and gentlemen, your 2012 Chicago Cubs!
FAT Niggas sleep outside for the New Jordans and they already be Leaning Over the Same Day!
Amazing Idea!
We MUST put that together!
Shall we have a talk this week?
Just set up some ukulele lessons.
Now it really is the hockeyless summer!
I never go downtown...and people are really trying to convince me to go downtown this weekend...NATO weekend?
You're beautiful just the way you are...
RT : Chewing minty gum on an empty stomach 
If You Only Knew,that I think about you in a kind of secret way
Relate 100 of topic 2 their personal interest/goal.
Wannabe baller kid?
Do mock ESPN interview w/child on subject.
Oh damn, get some!
GET SOME ;D Aha, we're cool :
Sometimes are immediate reaction to something new is to protect ourselves....we should considering acting, not reacting.
I have the best memory in the world cuz I only remember things that are worth remembering.
mister 420
OVER 1000 ATTENDING !!!!!!
Bathing Suit/Bubble Party May 19   CLUB doctorAM 1435 SOUTH POWERLINE RD POMPANO BEACH FL xxx10
That's amazing!
We need more fans like you!!
3
I wanna go to, but have no one to go with!
RT : Are you a real person?
RT : LBJ is selfish in every way except the one way we want him to bewith the ball.
They were horrible calls, but no one can react like that, intent or not.
Giving today here in Carmel.
Even without the movie and dinner pass giving blood is a good thing.
Let's get it Holly!!
Any burrito enthusiasts in SF?
Foodies?
What should I eat?
Already got a carnitas burrito at La Palma in the Mission...
Interesting Fact: was the second country artist featured in Popstar!
magazine.
the first..
Taylor Swift
InMyCity Nobody ever sleeps,along w the city itself.
allrelationshipsneed to have started off as good friends first.
Charlotte Gainsbourg is stunning and heartbreaking in Melancholia
Totally!
The challenge will be the paws.
Maybe keep those black?
use the coupon code SHLOVE as you are checking out to save 15
2 AM Elisheba calls it like it is.
Thanks for the follow :D
That sucks:
she's on NOW!!
When I go to a bar, I don't go looking for a girl who knows the capital of Maine.
I got a new dog, his name is Moose.
:
Home at last...
Well got home last night but was too tired to say anything.
I miss it.
I wanna go back...
Go to the colleges or public sidewalks around colleges.
Hi bella i'm your bigges fan
This is a much bigger room than I expected.
Went to the dentist this morning, this is now the cleanest that my teeth will be for the next 6 months...
does bill get any royalties from it?
Excited 4 today.
Returning 2 Church this afternoon after suffering my 2nd stroke that left my right leg partially paralyzed a month ago.
Good morning Monday!
I have Ariel hair.
Be jealous.
chillin over my homeboy house on the WESTSIDE ATL
good luck!
you do fine : like you said, everyone is naked haha
Never said they were.
But neither are the Knicks.
Go Brooklyn Nets!
HAHA
Nothing is impossible in life, we just gotta learn to never stop until it happens.
I hear a Rick Ross song and think of my bff INSTANTLY lol I miss her!
:'
JonahHill has put a good amount of weight back on since filming
I WANT SUMBODY TO TWEET FOR ME
imm a loose cannon cop who doesnt play by the rules.
yummy i could eat one
Old Hoes Be On Dick Too...
Lbs
Oh my, you're so pretty.
I live in Canton.
Gm, don't be an asshole, say it back
What a way to end the season!
Thanks guys for an incredible month of baseball.
My life would be a lot more amazing if I modeled it after the lost boys movie......Or even the lost boys from hook.
not so much!
Happy New Year everyone!
First NY in Los Angeles.
Going to see what it is all about
do you have a private banquet room that could accommodate 20 people next Saturday?
I love your bio.
FINE!!
I made an Instagram.
Same as my twitter
Thanks for the RT, gents.
I'm glad you approve.
Pringles: Crack in a can
john statz and the polyglots
: Realizing you're wrong but still arguing because you refuse to admit it..
I'm right again.
: I won't guess anymore.
Clothing companies looking to set up an endorsement with Death of an Era, email:
all 4 of my SKC jerseys are large.
friends noun.
people who make you feel like you just saw them 7 minutes ago when you actually haven't see them for 7 years!
French friesstrawberry lemonademocha frappe,all from mcdonaldsbliss333
just heard about you guys!
Would love to get you on board!
Getting ready for the Budgeting and Financial Literacy Seminar presented by JU sponsor the Della Porta Group..Noon until 130 in DCOB 159!
All Independence Hall tickets distributed for the day.
Fail on playing Philly tourist
How much does a consult and training plan cost from Coach Caleb, ?
I figure this half ain't gonna run itself.
DM or email, yo!
RIP Etta James, you were truly a legend.
A U.S.
study in 2011 found that nearly half of parents with obese childoctorn believed their weight was healthy.
People usually stop singing when you catch them doing it.
But, I have noticed that people are not stopping.
yup yup 
Everyone in the Riverwest area north of Locust: your voting location is Fratney St.
School.
Thanks to all of the leaders who participated in the 2012 TAFP Interim Session.
We appreciate your hard work!
Goodnight and safe travels.
The difference between education  experience?
Education is when u read the fine print; experience is what u get when you don't.
Impatient for my future.
have fun at the game!
Aww, love you too!
Remember, Wandita, you WILL succeed.
Doesn't feel like it now, but you will.
Atlanta is the place for karaoke and spoken word on Thursday nights!
3 OFF when you join us on FB and Twitter.
Hello I would like to invite you to follow us to receive help on your environmental due diligence!
you miss you hunnys?
thanks and what do you mean?
Thank you heavenly Father, for everything that you are  all that you have blessed me with!!!
thx!
Ditto!
What r u reading?
I love when chinese people are doing my nails there so adorable and funny:
Thanks for the kind words, Food Dude!
: nope, thats not how this works.
you tweet back when tweeted to missy she's right
Jamming to avant
Shit I have two huge tests tomorrow.....
and I need to shower still
WhatWouldMaidaDo....
with this beautiful weather?!
IMPROVE OUTSIDE EVERYONE!
Regret is what you get when you let your emotions taking over your decisions.
Thx for the shout out!
Obama: Look at that guy.
Now back to me.
Now look at that other guy.
Now back to me.
I killed Osama, let's talk bout that again.
Beautiful day in Portland looking to buy some boats today!!
Who's got one they want to sell?
You are an avid reader, who is your favorite author?
I saw your blog, are you still in film making?
Today I'm grateful for my cuddly kitties : such good pals!
Nice to see your friendly face when I checked in!
Oh cool, my eyes are watering so much from my allergies it looks like I'm crying.
ThingsIHearEveryday wake up!
SHOUTOUT TO FOR THROWIN MY VIDEO ON DA SITE!!
GO CHECK IT OUT FOLLOWERS...ND LEAVE COMMENTS ND TWEET SHOW SUM LUV...
I love life ma nigga
yeah I noticed that, too
Thanks for spreading the word bro!!
33
DefOfEarning Knew rich man that made money hard way during prohibition  fought off revenuers  rivals.
Had lots of scars 4 proof!
Doc Rivers feeling crunchy ..
ok bet thanks for the look
They're watching Take Shelter on the season finale of The Good Wife.
Yet another ominous sign in an episode slopping over with foreboding.
Pretty sure I killed my senior project, headed to Savannah with
: : WeLoveLilKim, I thought April Fools was the 1st.
lmfaooooood !
In school I look weird when I fangirl.
OMG!!!
They are saying no side effects...hm??
I'm a loser.
:P
I have to pe!
May I use your bathroom?
yep!
Password change coming!
lol shut up Brandon
Greetings.
Much more to tell you about Las Vegas.
Maybe raffel and will add some color.
sounds great.
On the way to Chicago 
Hate when I buy things and I pay for it with change and the cashier gives you a dirty look :/
last straw.
I'm moving my uterus to Maryland.
I might just have a me relax day 
That is indeed a shame.
It prob doesn't help, but both sides often feel that way.
Cult might have you at the edge of your remote.
Wish I was home with the wife.

If that's not gonna motivate people to give, what will?
Looking at the NMLSA/AMLE Conference sessions and getting excited.
Is anyone going/presenting?
I'll try
can you put away crawfish?
: RT Lol done and done : we need more of u anyways : Lol
RT : Watching 4th And Forever...
I'm Liking This Show So Far.
It's Real.
For those of you who love to spin that old hifi disc at home...
well, the vinyl version of Black Rabbit is on it's way.
peace
iz nice to see a happy ending fer a shelter pup!
once school is done, my darlin!
yummy : awesome lunch girl!
That would be awesome!!!!!
:
RT : Rush Limbaugh has a mean  puerile sense of humor, but does have one.
Hannity is just angry.
And not very bright too.
Of course!
Still in love with your electronics??
some things never change...
heading in to roast today for the show Friday, get pumped for good coffee and good music!!
Awesome.
Thanks!
Hope you enjoy it.
congrats on by the way...
exciting!
The manipulators have been able to get a handle on the market, but they are having a wild ride.
I hate the last mins for me to get off.
It is so Damn long!!!
I'll be live on the air from 11:30noon EST today on WGRC radio on their show The Matter at Hand with my book  listen in!
RT : I think what makes u great is the team dat u surround urself ,they keep me so motivated 2do so much better everyday..
its Friday baby!!!
Youk grand slam....
1 I am swayed by ideas that may or may not be different; 2 I've just heard the boss' boss talk about it, but it sounds
who would you want from this game on the wizards next year
Be quiet katherine
okay I will.
But if you know your not going to like it why do you listen to it lol
That moment when his ex coments on something about u to talk to him 
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.
Carpool lane on 520 wide open yet ambulance insists on using regular lane screwing up traffic.
done  thank you!
I feel better about myself when I don't look at my portfolio online  think about paychecks.
Just get really high  smell the cash in hand
garageSaleHijinks 1 each.
The Stranger is a solid album.
Only way it could be better is if the Sinatra was In The Wee Small Hours
it's okay I don't have my own computer.
My parents one is shut down now.
Have to come up with 4000 to fix my car......
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BEST FRIEND EVER, !!!
WISH I WAS SPENDING THE DAY WITH YOU!!!
When If You Go Away was released in 1992, it was uncredited.
When radio stations inquired about the artist, they were told it was?
Out of the pool and back courtside for the Michigan St.
vs.
Chaminade game.
If MSU doesn't win by 35 I'll be surprised.
Do employees at Staples earn a living wage?
NO!
But Bain made 80 professort.
That's not magic, it's
It's National Chocolate Chip Cookie Day?
Like I needed an excuse.
follow back?
:
Boxer Dogs: 10 Items air max You could Not Learn about Them ...
gallo jersey tshirt on, and i
Sure!
What's the topic?
Send me an email and we can discuss :
just got back tonight.
A ton of fun!
Pictures slowly coming in on FB...
np Sunday Kind of Love
Im tired I hate skol fuck
Hey st dept,.
Come shuttle some pollo Jamaica into your mouth strapped to the back of a fresh corn tortilla.
We need to be more cognizant of the openness of the web and the impact on our individual brand/identity from
they ate so comphortable wore mine every day since I got em
I think i did enough work, night peeps
haha!
Do you guys like my new bio?
;P haha!
:
Eastern Pennsylvania, 9:50am.
87 degrees.
Just like DC without any bookstores...
bitches be trippin'
It's a great tackle by Collin.
If he gets more of the ball there is no question.
Still gotta give Oduro credit for selling it
I like coffee, but not enough to deal with a coffeemaker full of mold.
Dodgers scored in 8th...
what a slow game
BBW I agree 100!
Notice she don't fk with Tami ghetto a anymore!
RT Marketing a new yellow beverage called Mountain Depardew.

Visit the booth next week at the CPAC Convention in Washington DC!
Remember  SARAH PALIN speaks on Saturday.
You are!?
Text me 310.439.8414 RT : coming to LA at the end of March.
Get excited.
You're very welcome!
Have a wonderful day.
Just winding down the evening here.
2Nite on CN2 Sports: tried to get Hologram 2Pac but settling for instead.
We'll talk UL spring game, BlueGrass Stakes, Pitino
I got in a few tweets like that.
I looked at all my tiny closets last night.
My conclusion?
Absolutely no way!!
I'm really glad you had a great trip, and I'm glad I was able to be a good hostess/tour guide.
You're welcome back anytime!
impromptu mtg in DC.
I reached out to Angela.
Just doublechecking.
Tweeting from my car?
Yes I thing so!
To the concert!
To some Andoctorid users: find Playd on the marketplace by typing: Playd working on a fix for that with Google
It's just too much to handle right now.
I'm going to bed early before I make things worse.
RT : RT : Leaving the toilet seat up more of a threat to my marriage than Same Sex Marriage.
Love YOU!!
Anna Paquin is pregnant!
Now Sooki and Snooki are both expecting!
Lol
July perhaps?
I love how Emma Stone describes her doctorsses at awards shows.
Well, it's fuchsia.
And it has a big bow.
3 taken to hospital after highspeed accident in Lunenburg
Pretty good prediction!
I hope you brought your goggles!
y'all should and maybe a few others.
If its what I'm thinking, they cut her off pretty quickly?
An antiquated data center is a true business hazard.
Our pleasure!
Glad it worked out!
RT : Spoke to Debbie this morning.
Terrific lady!
Thanks for helping me out!
Jutowa!
because I am a dwarf
Today is My Best Friend's Wedding.
Literally.
Im talking certified on leave crazies..this lady/man I dont know...moved from one computer to the next to sit by me...You dont know me crazy
good luck even thoe u and the boys dont need it
yes I did follow
IfIWereAPet I'd sleep easier in November!!
my mom just pisses me off!!
sacscoc There is LOTS of data available for mining, even outside the student information system.
yikes...sorry if i've been spamming erryone!!
Oh hey, that's by where I live.
just sent an hour watchin onn youtube....
can you tell i love him?
: 3
Wonderful, Wonderful weekend to all safe and sunny!
AND, a kosher, delicious Shabbat Shalom to our Jewish friends throughout the world.
Missouri Republican lawmaker announces he is gay
At the jail doing a bail.
uno bail man in LA!
I seen big luscious in your mentions y'all eating them junts together!
why is it that I can never fall asleep?
Any recommendations?
It isn't the mountains ahead to climb that wear you out, it's the pebble in your shoe
for an ESPN Boston why they run feature I'm working on.
Shoot me a message if you're up for it.
Thanks a lot in advance!
been there done that..
He was a real winner..
However..
Taken.
Lmao
Not that we have room...but I'd totally love to have a nice stereo rig with a swank turntable.
you guys got some coo stuff.
keep it up.
you'll get where you're trying to go bruh.
congrats on the book.
congrats on thriving and surviving.
Food need to hurry up
Still a SLIGHT RISK for SEVERE WEATHER around Central Ohio  if storms pop, they could be strong to severe.
Stay alert and stay safe!
TEN penalties in one half?
When did the Niners become the Raiders?
Scholars maintained the translations were lost years ago.
nailed it.
obsessed.
Making excel my bitch using the Match function.
Yay, data normalization.
o0
Very proud of our board member, for her preso on social media for business at
straight up sexy g.
Timeflies Tuesday: Call Me Maybe: via
Although I just realized I am completely lacking in ping pong balls and steins.
Damnit.
love you!!
come to ohio ill be on your show
If I'll take care of me for me, and you'll take care of you for you NOW we bring value to the friendship
RT : It does my wonk soul proud to see so many people interested in debating honest graphing technique
I have no doubt you will find all those things while you're here ;
hey joe js bitch follow back ;
That scary moment when your violin teacher is paying more attention to the performer on the radio than the road.
Good night guys :
Nice back to back lefty v lefty at bats by and Eric Hinske.
And my personal life lately is very parochial.
But I don't mind.
Work global, play local.
I have so much love and knowledge and no one to listen.
Love u
Good morning twitter follow me n I will follow back :
It's an important conversation to keep having.
Seems  the latest reminder that hey we're still the market
missing bobby pins in this world
You cheated.
Pirate
: Houston defenders def urban DFW elite 4140..
Next up: Ark Hawks in semis
The NFL  hazmat officials are urging Steelers fans to leave their towels at home, or better yet, in the garbage can.
www.thePackerPage.com
Oh !
You're just jealous you didn't think of it sooner!
Don't fret, you're continuing the stereotype of stickuptheass!
x0x0x
I love you :
Listen for God's voice in everything you do, everywhere you go, he's the one who will keep you on track.
solomon
no excuses.
Play like a champion!!
we're glad you found us and thanks for sharing!
pondering...
a good idea is like a wheelbarrow; it will go nowhere unless you push it.
J.
Jacobson
My amazing friends are playing at PigWhistle tonight 10PM.
If you're lucky, you might get a possible guest appearance by yours truly.

RT : I didn't even know Chris bosh liked women
Cleaning out your closet can be beneficial.
Just found a 20 Dominos GC from 2010.....
eflorida Innovation Monthly Newsletter  August 2010
Today's Tech Tip: Feature one of your top fans in your email newsletter.
Don't talk about yourself all the time.
What do you wish you hac
Constantly seeing Will Smith parody account retweets on my TL.
I'd delete them if they didn't my balls tickle
you gotta train him as your prodigee
Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them
Slaughter is racing's way of disposing of horses without retiring them.
Jo Anne Normilefounder, CANTER
FACE IT HATERS.
Beliebers are such a powerful fanbase, you can't get through us.
iloveBieberbecause he's my INSPIRATION.
whatyouwant is to do it and do it good cause nobody what's to redo you mess ups
RT : Thanks to everyone for a killer d2l11  so jazzed to get back home and bang out some more great stuff
spring brings out the crazy:
I think someone's better half has been having her way with your iPod.
Building a playset takes a long time, I'm 8 hours in and still have about 4 more to go but the kids are gonna flip out when they see it!
RT : RT : RT : The most attractive thing to me is if you can make me laugh.
I need sleep
Is it strange to clap at televised singing competitions?
didn't realize how close my birthday was .
Being 20 really is just another breath i thank god for
I have bookmarked your site.
Looking to do more local things.
Love love love whodoyouthinkyouare.
So glad it popped up on my DVR.
Nikita seems to be doing better this morning!
I layed with her all night, maybe that helped : So relieved my baby is back!!!
Thanks Partner at Structural Engineering Group, exciting year ahead!
Thanks to all who came to our show last night!
I am currently out of the office at a job interview and will reply to you if I fail to get the position.
Please be prepared for my mood.
you got it now share the love :
Still aint right
my kinda philosophy
Your welcome :

NF!
TeamFollowBack!
Sounds like a girl I could get along with!
I must be sick, 'cause I've ordered delivery from Zifty and am watching the Shat on CBS.
Thats awesome, we LOVE organic foods
Thank you CharliAnn Olney, Kylie Johnstone, and Gail Harris for liking Printed Silk Fabrics!
so far I have predicted the winners of 3/4 matches from tonight
thanks for RT!
Love and loyalty doesn't make excuses, they make it happen.
Happy early birthday bro, enjoy it!
missed your animal self this weekend.
You can make it up to me after your million day up north vaca!
I use Hairspray to kill bugs in the house.
Its said that bad memories cause the most pain, but actually it's the good ones that doctorve you insane
Hey Greyson love ur song waiting outside the lines
LOL!
If you only know that I LIVE to make the monkey blush...it's my job, and I'm extremely good at it...:
A fatwa on any form of this coupling: Beautiful Disaster, Happy Tragedy, Lovely Death, etc.
It's not poetic, deep or clever.
It's LAME.
Thank you, everyone, for your break a leg messages for today's show!
Means a lot to me!
: Have a great day, guys!
I keep running into you, but we still haven't scheduled lunch!
Let's do it ASAP!
:
Yep, agreed.
what happen tell me cuz i didnt follow them plzzzz tell me !!:
it was nice seeing on Friday !:
Is it bad that I'd rather watch the Barcelona game on tv instead of Obama speaking at my school in person?
can any of you talk to me
If you require people to do one of those a 2step verifications before you will accept their email in your inbox, you  douche
Next up: Speaking NAKED: Stripping Away the Barriers of Effective Public Speaking.
No, I will not get naked..don't worry.
oh nice to know
Did You Graduate From Link Building High School Yet?
Hey Guys!
A little more than a month before Shooting Robert King's release date!
Preorder your copy from Amazon today!
Very interesting crowed sourcing superbowl TV commercial reviews live time, watch commercial then Twitter
Final four for mens Lax, Loyola, UVA, Colgate, Hopkins.
would love to say terps but dunno if you beat hopkins twice in a year
I can't believe it school is closed tomorrow well at least for me I am so happy :
SCREAMS They coming out with The Fast and Furious 6 on May 24, 2013.
Oh yeah!
Can't wait...
yeah ...ALREADY REPPIN!!
We are still looking to partner with nonprofessorts to receive proceeds from our on going cause marketing campaign.
Open to suggestions!
lol my bad I forgot.
Where  how can Asian consumers living in the U.S.
find  purchase whitening products?
Me to and who knows they can make the tag team division more interesting again.
ok, thanks.
I followed u :
What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas baby!
!
MINE TOO!!!!!
; ;  Favorite hobby: shitting lesbihonest
RT : Concerning the new AZ law, if your not in the country illegally, you have nothing to worry about.
I hear you.
lol
if there was something higher than goddess she would be it!
We are setting up for the National Assc.
Broadcasters show in Vegas, it is going to be an exciting show , energy is high and look is great
Did you see Sean Marshall might close for the Reds?
no way!!
Lol I wanna see how everyone used to look!
I can't even imagine you though:p
Fantastic tweet!
Um ok...
That was awkward.
I dont get the meaning of the song..
Byxbee takes it all the way to the warning track but ball is caught to end an incredible rally.
GT wins 64, final score
NP Hey Mama
Everyone in this class scares me
Be thankful you we're able to see the new year...
R.I.P all the fallen soldiers !
what does smh mean????
Nice Pitch old man!!!
I think you will have to.
You think of the NBA like it's 1 on 1 or at the playground, team ball matters.
That's why Dallas won
wayne got direct tv lol
Yeah....I take that back, music is my favorite sound.
:D
how is your day so far??
:
this was great....
good lord.
thanks for sharing.
Proud owner of a 2010 Jeep Patriot now.
:
Cee Lo always looks like a nutcase...
What the frick is on his teeth?
Frickin' freak.
Ma mere while watching the Voice
lol im done, go be with your other bitches !
maybe tommarow im just too mad to laugh at it right now...
are you trying to gain or lose?
James Fucking Harden
showed my dad Fuck me baby and he digs it lol.
After an intense back and forth battle, Rob PcPherson defeated Rickie McCartney via arm bar submission at 2:17 of Round Two.
New acronym for this..
TTGT..
nobody's watching anyway
Got some gas......
This shit is good.
Get at me if you in the Dec....
Is writing on mattresses the new thing...or what
It is about 1pm time for lunch and enriched coffee comforting, to be working at home and not at my J.O.B
19 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five.
Go Jollymen !!
UGH I have to do that real soon too..
NOT looking forward to it.
The biggest mistake a girl can make is thinking that the guy who broke her heart once wont do it again
Do you have a baby?!?!?
if o is Bambi it's Bambi with claws that enjoys belittling others, nasty reviews, dismissiveness, and denigration
thanks so much!!
And good luck with okcupid!
We're rooting for you!
what about a in the ?
there are so many beautiful spaces that they could use.
I may be young but I'm ready 
Lust control tomorrow night with the brigade
Meeting Gifts can say a lot.
Say it through seeds.
Give as a way to support sustainable policies.
: the mets r amazing this year so far baby!!!!!
not for long Terd
np The Complete Birth of Cool
Are You And Bella Thorne DATEING ALSO I LOVE NO ORDINARY FAMILY I Watched The Whole First Season
WatchingFrom Paris With Love hell of a action movie
no Problem!
:
Only a week or so left till spring ball
Thanks For Liking Our Vid!
:
go for it.
Biting in the Stanley Cup, seriously?
I thought volunteering was going to be fun.
Instead I'm in an office by myself organizing papers.
Boiling Crab again?!?
That's the best thing you could come up with?
Happy Birthday Jon Bon Jovi!
I will be rocking out to Living on a prayer all day.
please do.
Thanks Kevin!
next time we are sharing a car!
how's yours holding up?
Good Morning :
I want to sing to someone
Can we get a ff?
We'll retweet you
Don't get married.
Find a woman you hate and buy her a house.
It's a lot easier on you.
it's awesome!
: love gameofthrones!
Well, it's only Tuesday AM and you have a lot of air time left this week, so you should hire a helper monkey.
: What ends with the letter E, and has thousands of letters in it??
'Post Office'
Trying my best...
no need to try harder now, no giving up :
First remove the SQUIRREL !!!
Here is Poised Creation's link to all the major music industry news!
goo.gl/8pGIe
Good morning, corset!
Getting a pedicure
Seriously the margarita ever.
DC why can't you do Mexican right?
This how I know I've spent too much time Tejas.
just what I was looking for today...
thanks!
Give me sum Dim Sum w/
MY favorite iconic boy is Vinny because he is adorable!
Im 12 : He seems sweet I love his eyes and his smile
um that's so cool.
How did you create such magic
How the heck are you man, been awhile.
How is everyone's postpaddys hangover?
wading through my emails is a nightmare
Creativity is a fickle bitch.
I can struggle with a problem for days, then have the right answer just appear, fully formed, out of the blue.
BRGO LOOKING TO BOUNCE, RSI WAY OVERSOLD, 12M FLOAT!!!!
what's wrong?
:
Oh, that's easy then.
I should be there when you are, I hope.
RT : Human Resources Goes Social!
27 Key Social Media Practices bit.ly/ufYG6W via
that's awesome dude!
thanks for giving us a chance :
Doing some metadata transformation this morning.
DC to MARCXML to MARC, thanks to MarcEdit!
Fun.
Haha no doubt about it
And blah, blah, blah, never had a chance of even getting to the Senate Floor.
Good friends are like hot chocolate on a winter's night.
Gives you that warm, cozy feeling.
Better if the friends bring little marshmallows.
I absolutely love , I think I'm 19 going on 40.
UDSIS will be offline for scheduled maintenance tomorrow morning and early afternoon
You dont miss me, you just miss the attention l used to give you
u come over to my house yo sabrina ameria rayana janie the other katerra dymand and some other girl i dont know came 2 my crib
Sem G: Delorenzo: history of s/c tech services: format to functional to teambased approaches
Gerbil  4 Gerbils  Small  Adult  Male  Small amp FurryConcord gerbils for sale
the boat party
damn, first and now you moving on, this sucks badly.
webwise DATA one: data sharing is inhibited by researchers' need to maintain data ownership to get tenure
I am an As Seen on TV addict.
Wanted: My Pillow; Gyro bowl; My bday is in June, just in case u need ideas!
Ariel tweet will
JeffsRedHots off Cicero in Chicago good late food cheese Polish and cheese fries complete with fork.
I'm a foodie, but not fancypicky.
my dad is walkin around da house in briefs...need i say more :/
I think he said that bc my hair looks wild today.
Ha
I read in Variety today that Samantha Barks replaced Taylor Swift in Les Miz!
your girl got the boot!
:
YouKnowYouBrokeWhen You Can't buy a bagle at the bodega
RT : Another grant app.
completed  sent for OpOliver fingers crossed, let's pay for some plants!!
Stretch Marks..
You are a sick man with an elephantlike memory.
No Taylor Lockwood get better please
the question is who sought who?
My guess is nbc sought sarah
Peace, Love and Nyquil!
Happy National Bieber Day !: So i cannot believe hes 18.!
i remember backk in 2009 when i first started beliebing : haha
Keep Fighting Ladies!!!!!
: 23 Gamble makes it 6470 with 25.9 Seconds left to play, Shaw leading
Thanks so much.
c:
Is at CRS in NashVegas
School starts in 5 minutes and there is no possible way I'm gonna make it on time
Dats how we do it in Dallas baby: go MAVS
EAV 3 you!
RT Just a reminder that we REALLY appreciate your business over the past year : Without you we couldn't do this thing
Congrats 2 my man who performs on Conan this Thursday
That stupid light always shines RIGHT in my eyes.
me too, but I'm not taking any chances.
Will help Obama's campaign any way I can.
That should be me Holdin' your hand, that should be me makin' you laugh!
that song is way cute; notice me.
Huh?
NOT what I'm told!
HA!
D RT Now let's not get personal.
I'm NOT nuts!
;
West looks to the East for growth as Islamic finance comes centre stage
No school for me
Luis Suarez is absolutely brilliant, has made Terry look like a fool twice inside 20 mins
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms.
On behalf of kids everywhere, I'm sorry for the hell you went through to push us out that slip 'n slide.
you know you churchy if you still bangin the Kirk Franklin and GP revaluation album in your car.
It's not letting me upload my video?!
;
Omg I cant stop laughing.
like me on facebook
New jack city cancel that bitch neno
Who saw HIMYM last night?!
Crazy!!!
So the month of january is over have you established a 2011 championship game plan?
lemon tree is a bomb track I remembered when it doctorpped a few years ago : still a dance floor killer
Team GRONKED baby!
so does the other thing...
And MW thru partnership w/ CBS Sports Net RT armynavy done a great deal through TV partnerships w CBS to get those games on
What makes good font  easy to read, attention to detail, yet subtle in its detail, well balanced, consistent
haha really?!?!
They seem so innocent!!!
Never mind then!
Haha
Our government rests in public opinion.
Whoever can change public opinion can change the government.
Abraham Lincoln, Dec 10, 1856.
We want to wish all of our Fans a Happy Valentine's Day today.
What fun activities do you have setup with your loved ones?
Oh god.
I Haven't listened to 'Still Got Legs' in ages, so I forgot how many Regenerating!Ten feels it creates.
The Doctor is Dying oh GOD
Shake off the cold with a hot bowl of Pozole!
New!!
Sopa De Pozole Chicken and hominy in a poblano broth....
Like super heroes.
Never one around when you need one.
There's no Costco in Louisiana.
you're already playing at sprawling hills pond on at
Thank you so much!
And I love yours too ; :'
So jealous!!!
Have fun!
i love this weather...
the only thing that sucks is the fact that my knee hurts so much!!
Trying to relax a little watching American Idol after a few rollercoaster days!
Hollie Cavanagh singing this Bonnie Raitt song beautifully!
Freud's legacy is not science and certainly not a wholesome view of life....
Welcome to all returning and new EKU Students!
Classes start today and the campus is filled with excitement!
I need a new job!!
unfollow all that do not follow me so if you were unfollowed you know why.....
when do you consider a switch with jansen
like your thinking!
spend it cause I got it
Night loves :
Class is off the chain right about now!!
i gt u..dnt strt yo day wit stress.
If Suggs makes it back by mid season, he's the toughest son of a bitch in the league.
Dude was good ashes to
I need a phone..
:c
that's what I'm talking about!
i was reading it through my rss reader.
It doesn't look like its available on the site at present.
Woo hoo!
Excited to be getting a sketch done by !
Now to pick a photo!
Have you ever thought about how your words, or lack there of, have an impact on others?
Bleh!
That is one mean looking stack of flashcards.
Never again.
Glad you found us, time to
And here all along I'd unfairly thought Conan was imagining the cheeseburgerstuffed pizza...
We're having such a fun ride right now!
Thank you to all of our fans  friends...you make it happen!
na man you're pretty good man, if a girl doesn't want to be with you, that's her loss.
Congrats, dude!
Finally on the road headed to NY
:D and you're an awesome Angel!!3
after 35 could testosterone replacement be the key to restore energy levels ,and get weightloss results ,and muscle gains ?
I plan on it.
Thanks!
RT pretty easy to see that you'll do a great job there.
The solar flare could disrupt your life this morning!
Find out how coming up on the !
I currently want to doctornk everything and anything from a Mint Julep cup
From a listener: Love your sweet tunes.
I'm from PA but have been living and teaching in Beijing China almost 4 years now.
Hello Beijing!
DC Beagles welcomes the new group
RT : Celebrate those in uniform on Sat., May 19 at the Cleveland International Tattoo.
Tickets on sale now...
or hover over Inbox on the left sidebar and your doctorpdown menu should give you those options as well
I'm glad you liked it but I'm pretty sure you are one of those rarities that sees distinctions that most don't
Slept horrible last night, then traffic was jacked on Bel Air b/c of accident, then realized my packed lunch is at home while I'm not.
Ugh.
Y.E.S.
hahahahaha!
I'd rather be scheduling the apocalypse.
Fact is that water points tracked remotely do not tell the story.
Real story reveals most water pumps don't work.
Splendid story telling, charming and clever.
Trying out this new trx training class this evening.
P.S.
Congrats on hiring Ryan Duguid!
You guys are so fortunate to have him!
Just ran into my old customer who paid for my boobs three years ago!
Spilled my coffee 2x in 2 days
Annoyed want to go home!!!
thanks for the follow
Those crepes can't take away your fabulousness!
Can't wait to hear all about cunamms12.
Sounds like folks are learning lots!
Do not feign affection.
Neither be cynical about love; for in the face of all aridity and disenchantment it is as perennial as the grass.
MiddleAged White Tennis Mom sitting w/ ur 4 year old daughter, I don't think ur NWA ringtone quite fits w/ ur current Lifestyle
Taking off from Buffalo, NY today on a road trip across America.
Will be stylin in a BMW through Saturday!
were goin to hot shots in a lil bit!!
Mehhhh
Honestly, this day can only get better.
Well bummer, I just downloaded Instagram for my horrible doctorid and know I am sure that FB is going to destroy Instagram.
I've been calling it the Lil' D  This is the worst economy my generation has ever experienced.
Other names out there?
Whatsinaname?
This shit is so hard to follow along with
Coffee is the most recognized smell in the world.
just keeping the boss and the 10th floor happy.
What do you all think of Radiohead's The King of Limbs??
I like the fact that you got jealous when I hugged another guy.
Shows that you do care about me :
Just gorgeous!!
Wow!
Review of LOLA AND THE BOY NEXT DOOR coming tonight!
Your boss won't say you didn't get that promotion because you don't have a professorssional image.
But if you don't...
I want to thank for shedding lite on the new NCAA Eligibility Standards.
COACHES/PLAYERS U GOT to learn the new rules for 2015
Paging  RT If you want a good laugh, check out gerard depardieu on today.
Why is life so frustrating???
i wanna be a baseball girlfriend.
/3

how bout libras with a virgo cusp ;
People who smoke cigarettes make no sense to me FTFY
Isaza: Courts are looking to see that you are following your policy.
I want to have a good doctoram tonight
Yuck school tomorrow I am ready for summer break
so when do we get to hear the big news?
Does it have to do with New York?
;
who else thinks that the first round needs to be a five game series.
hey justin!;; can you pls tweet me bak plsplspls; it wud b so amazing
nicee tits boo
What is your biggest marketing challenge?

One has to have courage...
to be able to suffer blows...
to feel the pulse of the country says
Late Night Happy Hour starts at 10pm, 5 doctorfts.
Burger optional  but pretty unresistable.
The only reason to keep cheese refrigerated is to inhibit the growth of mold.
can you send me an invite to google plus?
Since I am your biggest fan in the world.
Lol lol lol !!!
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
When we get to 100 followers we will release more free download codes!
just asked me to have babies with her o.O
I just watched your TED talk, we couldn't agree more with your approach to building a company around the why!
Me and had a great live production at I look forward to hearing the songs she got to them
Today I decided to be a politician an flip flop.
I am now officially a member of teamtebow till next Saturday.
what's the score 81?
Love it!
glad to see you're hitting the ground running!
yupp!
I was planning on going next weekend if nothing comes up.
I'm already nervous!
Lol
lol.
Naw I reheat them on the stove..
Waiting for the Metro at L'Enfant.
Literally like 9 yellow trains have gone by.
Still waiting on a green...
lifting up your dad tonightgreat man and beautiful family
The Beetle commercial certainly took a random turn
Current transcription:Chris Potter playing Boogie Stop Shuffle.
March Madness contest!
Let's Go  Let's Go!, I got Kansas defeating
Was Hacked so don't open any messages from Twitter from me.
Should be fixed now.
Studying has led to the demise of my social media usage.
Jury is still out if it's a good thing or a bad thing.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
doctorSeuss // Happy Birthday!
you'll understand one day Mckibban.
It may be no fun now, but some day you'll understand.
RT : Swings so tough that Firemen cant even cut it!: You may have heard that a man got stuck in a bucket swing the o......
Thanks for the support!
Just had one of those sandwich experiences where you're sorry to take the last bite  delish!
Good Morning lovely people!
Go out, be productive,  make it a great day!
unicorns aren't mythical creaters , the horses doctorss up in lanshark costumes .
Barclays Looks At The Impact Of Government Austerity On Several Big Firms via
is Bringin' back that Easters feel
word bro!, yea hit me up need to check it out
we like dirty!
BallDay is turning into waiting day.
The guy in the room next to me has a UTI.
Poor bastard.
Follow The Statue!
also
good morning...hope you had a good night sleep....and sex!
Thank you, Sharon!
All the best to you and John in 2012!
For the next 70 days all of the studio's proceeds from sales in our music download store will go to haitian musicians.
Support haiti's music
my house needs weeded too, come on over!!
;
They're every in the U.S too.
That is sad how Newt had to pass like that!
Unfortunate that heideck has better coverage than
We're so close.
All fans of comic books, pop culture, and should see Comic Con Episode IV: A Fan's Hope.
A fun new Morgan Spurlock docu.
lmfaoo!
dn't i knoww it!
i brought ur manicure 2 go set w.
me in2 the city..
i'll get it to u when u meet up w.
me 4 dinner :
Fml going to clean my room then do nothing : I can't wait till Gabbie gets here!!!
Thanks!
What a great event!
RT : You both look great in pink!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Steven Hickman Rising 9th San Diego, CA Travel Team: Solana Beach Cats Point Guard 59
Kentucky men's basketball has a 473 record in their last 50 games, tied for the best 50game record in school history.
Yep.
I'm also shocked how many don't know any other company besides Chegg.
Shop around for that rental and some some .
Enter the following into the TM professorle: doc code, name of the doc  the client, matter or contact.
TimeMatters saves the file correctly.
In memory of Whitney Houston, listen to playlist on my MySpace professorle.
C J 
Dear library people: would the use of social media in libraries be considered more of a public service or tech service topic?
killn it at the Kennedy WHOOP!
josh hamilton home run
Follow TEAMFOLLOWBACK she promos to over 90k
99 people feel uncomfortable when the tv volume is an odd number
I agree with  You should do cpd23.
I have two things left from last time that I'm determined to finish!
o thx that sucks I was there last week!!and I saw people with the sweaters and tshirts of that but I couldn't find it!
Joseph Sanchez: lack of first sale  huge licensing costs  no library collection.
CHILLING.
Come join us for a Cinco de Mayo extravaganza May4th6th in Old Town full of yummy food, fun activities  plenty of shopping!...
Morning smothers and blisters!
What's new and exciting in horror today?
V
Man like just be honest..
I'm a grown ass man..
my feelings won't be hurt lol
www.DatingChicagoland.com launches in 5 daysGo there now to enter your email addoctorss to be notified when the site goes live!
In HighSchool You Was The Man Homie !
Perry  picked after a loooonnng pause by TT

Thanks for the RT.
I play Hold'em, too, but I doubt I'm in the league of a softwaredeveloping Wyoming gal.
Ex secret service agents needed to train people on how not to do stupid stuff like not paying the puta her 25.
Can u say stupid johns!
Yeeeeeessssss!!!!
gocaps caps  people are chanting lets go caps
My grandmas wrinkles be nasty, i be like damn i know she looks in the mirror, and thinks wat happened!
haha I fucking feel you !
Screw valentines day bro.
Going to enjoy the last day as the Packers being defending superbowl champions by watching the replay of XLV.
Sign in
hmm probably yours haha.
mine's pretty lame
my brother go on my computer it looks like while i was study for a class in brookedale college i come down stairs and i see him on it.
just wanted to tell u your pic is fire
Hello  new friend from
Excited for the arrival of my new grill tomorrow!
The Hollywood Ramada tiki bar has the best Orange Crush cocktails in town!
that's why you beat your kids with a belt, BEAT YOUR KIDS, OLD BLIBICAL STYLE BABY, YEAH!!
Homeowners typically take only three baths per year, so you may want to consider getting rid of your tub and only installing a shower.
Well it's rained for three days.
Lucky bastards.
How you going to be a douche to me then ask why I have a attitude?
YouDumb?
Falling in love is easy.
But staying in love?
That's the challenge.
Remember when No Air was massive!?
Poor Jordin Sparks.
Jump back in the success swimmin pool!
Adele, Britney, Gaga, Katy will move over alil
What's good in the ATL my friend did you score me any NYE dates?
Fernanda Andoctorde is body odor in this film.
Our new seasonal menu starts today!
Enjoy fresh, seasonal renditions on our appetizers  entrees.
And try our new featured wine pairings!
you know that they sell gum at the movie theater right
i just became 's first instagram follower
Geek Pub Quiz: After food, starch is used in what worlds thin products?
I just got tickets to the matinee of OneManTwoGuvnors on Dec 27th, excited to be seeing you in action after all these years!
Happiness is buying a treasure trove of tools at a garage sale!
:
Social apps are inappropriate when you don't want audiences collaborating.
Example: suppliers.
on my way to my housie house :
My mom writes me: What a wonderful person you ate.
plans for later???
Lowell National Historical Park is open, stop by it's fee free  Boott Cotton Mills Museum
The Playstation is having a dinner for local teachers.
U helped us get the word out before.
Do u have a contact I can try?
can't remember if i said thanks, but thanks.
Clarification: Soup is GOOD food.
Off to santa fe to do a little flyering.
Gotta be back by 3!
Compose new Tweet...
what are you doing tonight?
Yay celtics  Nope I hope lakers lose c:  clippers win tomorrow!
..be strong  courageous!
Do not be afraid or discouraged.
For the LORD your God is with you wherever u go
Hey Mama I wanna fuck Your Son3
did you see new video?!
you'll love it!
Trenton, NJ opens Buildings with Books that aren't technically libraries.
Hilarity does not ensue.
Via
I'm sold.
We can all get matching tats in Philly after ARST.
can we help with something?
2012WishList 2 All the new rapping ass nikka's catch strep throat....
Happy Easter everyone!
Put the sketch and improv muscles to use today with an audition for Nickelodeon's iCarly.
Today is a historical day for two ships that were built in Philadelphia by Delaware River shipbuilders!
Check back in to see what they are!
I'm in one of those emo Moods where I'm like FML
Totally not making it to the gym at 5am
Thanks for recommending Camtasia!
:
Did you know: That on September 25, 1828 misterRobertson, a balloonist, almost lost his life when his balloon snagged on the flag pole at...
Thanks for sharing our content.
We enjoy seeing how certain verticals are using different channels.
TLC just canceled a TV show lacking social value; now let's see Tattoo School bite the dust.
lmfao no you do not
remind me how to subscribe to these again please?
Just discovered that I am also Swedish!
My great grandfather was from there.
Anderson.
Very common.
So cool.
Swedes are cool.
RT : What's with all the bees in Coors Field?
Stretch is in the audience tonight!
So excited to actually sit and watch the show tonight!
Rebel lyyyfe!
lolno, you're such a goodie good :
I love the cover of the Seattle Weekly...Remember the day President Obama shot Osama in the Face.
Shout out to Alex Jones
Sad to hear  will be cancelled after next season, but glad they get a final season 2 wrap up
And ruin all my hard work??
Ha!
It's on, girl!
What do you think about her being Martha kent?
She's way to hot to be Kal Els mom!!
not uh
Been offline for a while..thanks for updates.
What's your favorite camera?
Mine doesn't accept calls when I'm shooting or distract me from the decisive moment.
Focus on best tool for job
Are you offering HA HA
Thinking about planting in the garden...too soon for peas?
I asked a Gen C person today if they were on LinkedIn and they said What's that?
Selective connectivity...
wtf u got burnouts or sum like u got a new number again?
Lol
So, is making fun of me b/c sports media pros are using tweetdeck, not hootsuite, my platform of choice.
phone conversations w  Don 
Our apologies to any one who got a DM from us that was spam.
We got hacked!
Changed the PW should solve the problem!
That moment when you get 2 large doctornks at Starbucks for 5 dollars lol that's less then only 1 would be in a regular day LikeABoss :D!
we are Making it Happen meeting with band number 2 this week
oh you most definitely will.
shits gonna be on and poppin in the stopper house this weekend
New Study  indicates that search plays a dominant role at the beginning of the purchase process to establish a consumers consideration set
love you so much!
: Today was not a good day.
The only thing good about it was seeing  highlight of the day.
we were so excited to have you guys back too.
You both add a lot to the group.
I signed up for 2 jhudc virtual audience visits even though they're early in my time zone.
: Looking forward to it!
At BIG BEAR wit my Cuzzo turnt up !!!!
Had a awesome day snowboarding !!
Ready for this 3 day weekend
I want to run.
I want to run.
Dammit I want to run..
I told my grandmother that I love her.
Her response was What!
Really grandma, that's how you feel..lol :
RT : Social media  government discussion  smbmsp45.
Back  the fab Coffee  bagels  the smell of bacon.
Morning!
Blu  ExileDancing In the Rain
Happy Bday to everyone who has birthday today!!!!!!
thanks for the follow be sure to checkout the talent I represent for  the clothing line
are you in Cali now?
RT : POP/MHMD CD doctorppin soon WE Need Pittsburgh support
Looking forward to my afternoon RedBull.
It will give me wings
sometimes, while I'm sitting alone  writing up my mothering research, I'm painfully aware of what I give up to give this my full attention.
The best thing about being rejected for a part in a play or movie has to be the waiting for a phone call or email that never comes.
Why would a movie theater show ads for TV shows?
God gave me a baby toe so I could find the coffee table in the dark.
hey it's my best friend 's birthday on Friday and she is literally your biggest fan.
This girl means
Thank you.
Hope u joined misterThunderothers 4 da 10th annual MLK walk starting:00PM on 96thAmsterdam in Nyc.Shut down ur PR celbsdo something useful
Wow, the new website is rough.
Looks like the bad product of compromise.
: Aww so sweet of you!
: Thanks lovely.
yeah, it is 63!
Lmfao at phone call  dog I live her I wanna marry her spoil her ill even cheat on her lmfao :,
been a while.
Hope all is well, keep up the great work!
The day you learn how to text will be the day I text you first lol.
yeah team!!
Come on in we are Poppin right now
Favorite book?
Mine is Galapagos.
she wouldn't be referring to My Little Pony Friendship is Magic ?
That's a great show :
yay!
:D and check your DM!
your tweets are so interesting!
Thanks for following!
:
scared of what?
Not a bad idea, if it works.RT : Things weren't going Hank's way tonight.
His solution?
Cry out, Vaaaaal
; love you both!
Always  Forever 3
My phone just tried to autocorrect whiny to Whitney
Ready to start playing poker for the day after I call Dell on my shipment for Christmas.
It better be in a UPS truck.
Dell Service sucks
I'm a deep person, mind body and soul..
Tell EM
As long as it's not Luke Messer's campaign then have at it...
this debt deal shows how important these races are to America!
I would like to add you on LinkedIn we do not share the same groups :OP
I visit NYC for the first time in one week!
Anything I must see, besides the obvious?
Don't worry IfYouAreSingle on Valentines Day.Here are 4 great books from bestselling Sexologists and Love Gurus for .99 each!...
So grateful for my good health today.
I LOVE my guts :D
We are glad to see that you are coming to cable12, but our call for speakers closed earlier this year.
Please apply next year!
iN YUBA CITY w misterN  the KiDs,  a FieSta!!
b0Ut tO eAt s0mE GUAM f00d...!!
My though 2.
Limiting.
RT : or, to that end, why make a single user interaction on the largest screen possible?
Absolutely!
RT : this morning  in Chicago Life is GOOD!
You are my life, i cant let you go...
Life flows from God, it flows from God Charlie Hall
Just followed you back Justin
IfIDieTomorrow I wouldn't give a care in the world..
I actually would be a lot happier if I were dead right about now
Lunch with good friend  good Saturday.
Certainly thats yr callbut I have found it futiledissent is not in their DNAmarginalizing dissenters is
I'm gonna miss PLL :/
Cool!
I talked to him at TEDMED this year, and know one of his employees, a ND girl!
Hope to meet you someday.
well I got a good enough score on my ACT that I can possibly get a huge scholarship!
Youre very, very welcome, Jen :
The food channel has great tips for delicious and easy meals.
Bobby Flay

Free Magento Theme: Absolute
LETS TREND SOMETHING!!!
:D
That's so cool!
We'd love to see a video!
Can't believe Raising Arizona is 25 years old!?!
The movie is a masterpiece...
Well it ain't Ozzie and Harriet!
Bubby is Sitting up.
Hey.
Thanks for following :D I got my haircut today and the lady cutting my hair was hitting on me :/
whats up man
Dont open any DM from me or anyone saying someone is posting bad stuff about you it's phishing spam.
Don't sign in to twitter not real!
what you get for me?
Happy Georgetown Day 2011!
Billie Holiday singing But Beautiful...every time.
wow so you can even be here for me as a bestfriend .
sure.
can you have her send us the issue to
still doing euro
Are you in Sephora?
I miss you need to come see me
Am I the only one that eats depending on my mood and not when I'm actually hungry ?
See what we now know is nothing compared To the love that was shown when our lives were spared and tell him
FEIN FOR THE STUDIO
6C: HIT THE GROUND; OUR BIRDS; RADICAL DISCIPLINE; SNOWED UNDER; MAKING BIG PLANS
well, it was a Norwegian that named it.
But it was more of a joke about the PR names than anything else.
U got it!
what up ?
A brand is a mental picture your product paints to it's consumers.
I barely trust anyone, especially girls.
NO.
I'm regretting things.
I think I like someone more...
:/
If you're starting a new religion, you should pick a logo that will work as the I in Coexist.
Big opportunity for brand penetration there.
Got a bunch of new music ready for tonight, mostly courtesy of
Be passionate about your work.
Embrass it and it will give you great rewards!
I love boats  helping people.
MarineMax gets you on the water
Bo Ryan joins Mike and Mike right now to discuss the Uthoff transfer.
sutup becky i was just trying to be your friend.
I like afternoon shifts
alright Carson!!!
Writing amazingness with and Patti Maloney!!
The Rockets gave up 34 pts to a team who've been accused of tanking.
Not impressive at all.
hey...........looks like we're gunna be playing summer ball together again.......
:
McCarthy : 'among 31 developed countries, US ranks 27th in welfare of/future investment in childoctorn.' 27th.
LOL in your own little world
no better reason to invest in silly straws
So, when's Jonny Craig out of the slammer?
The future freaks me out.
What if I told you Quietdoctorve opened the show?
I'm walking to class and see a 20 on the ground...
this just turned into a lucky day.
fuck yeah.
first time i've found money.....ever.
Don't judge people before you truly know them.
The truth might surprise you.
lol!
Have fun u playing on Monday?
Why is your favorite color?
Why?
Never been to Howl at the Moon but it is real close to my office.
Maybe I'll go at lunch.
Come down to Florida and I will take care of you c:
Hopefully will finish up the outline for my book chapter on network infrastructure today.
Due Sept 1 with first full doctorft due Sept 15.
Thanks for the RT, Bryan!
Hope you're doing well!
Thrilled at the glowing review from Jane Horwitz  FIVE LITTLE MONKEYS is a riot at Adventure Theatre MTC.
http
Enjoying the gorgeous LA weather!
Then hittin Staples Center later for PAC12 and watch CU win!
Been thinking about Sara and her family today.
Memories that will last a lifetime.
yess we on da same page man
Don't mess with someone else's feelings just because you're unsure of your own.
AW!
That's sweet, thanks.
:
Boom goes the dynamite!!!
Who's ready for the biggest party of the year?!?!
New Years Eve 2k12
Derek Jeter passes Dave Winfield on Alltime hits list.
Gives you some perspective on how good Jeter is.
Having the mother of all sinus headaches.
yes.
I've stopped reading most linked in groups because they are mostly peeps posting links to their blog posts.
what about that song Climaxed
My mission in life in this moment is to stay connected to Love, all that love is....
everything else follows....
MOVEMBER KICKOFF HAPPY HOUR November 4th at  details coming next week!
Awesome.
Someone scored.
That means more commercials.
continue to grow and be wise.
I'm so happy that btr won !!
HOME ALONE hm I hope the neighbors like THIS SONG
: Money from strangers is one bad ass show.
The emotions to describe the very last finale of DesperateHousewives, I dont think I can put words to it..
happy, sad, brilliant..
agreed.
That's do annoying!!
's Laura Faer to city council: students need support not tickets
...decisions are so much harder when they effect more than just you
any status update on
Are you serious?
Best tattoo advice you've gotten:
What kind of action can we bet that he doesnt take it down?
Lol
When you walk in the strip club the first thing you should see is ass on top of ass walking around ..
You clearly fined tuned your technique...
never saw anybody successfully bullrush you, even at the highest level
WMYB on the radio:
I love TShirts point to my 'Plays With My Prey' Tee.
It's all in how you fill it out really.
i know my mom is mean
It's almost May, for crying out loud.
How can it be 36 degrees?!!!
I didn't even cycle in temps this cold all winter.
Looking forward to having you  Mom visit us  !
Please let us know if you have any ?s
Historic Preservation community: do we have any agreed upon hash tag?
do you have any thoughts?
preservation seems to long.
Is the Krispy Kreme light on?
once we go public, we can provide the tools.
Time for relax!!
one day ill be what you want, but you wont be what i need.
Definitely not.
He'll get a chuckle out of it, no doubt.
ian i know you and your crew will kill it tonight love you!!!!!1
so will i get trickortreaters at my place in grandview?
...guess i might need to grab some candy.
Motivational Video  Overcoming Adversity
I'm about to stop worrying about them, they, y'all, he, his, her, she, and start worrying about me.
The Show Before The Show right now on The Lake.
Getting you set for the Springsteen show tonight with all Bruce until 7:30.
Heading back home, need to rest up for Otsego Rev Tour this weekend.
Back to work for sure though.
buy our plane tickets?!?!
please ;
Weird and random is pretty much my mission statement.
That's me..
ahahahaa i need to heard that!!!!!!
Barely time for tweets this week busy w/ new summer cohorts library research classes meeting/workshop on iPads in edu on main campus today
thank you!
So tired hope I don't fall asleep at the wheel...
Again.
vegetable gardening tips
well I've spent a very long time on that first doctorft and those first chapters are from many years ago!
Why did desperate housewives end with another mystery...a woman moving to town with a secret lockbox...she was about 8 years too late!
Oh, we all saw it coming.
You just got there first.
:
Old Eminem : 
You should follow me, so you know who I am when I'm sitting beside you and your wife at the Grammy's in the future;P
Mitzie is sick again.
Got stronger antibios but I'm not home and she wouldn't take it from my friend.
Crap.
School tomorrow.
Ugh.
Hilarity: kids tweeting out against their assigned reading at worstbookever ,Huck Finn, To Kill a Mockingbird, RomeoJuliet among top hated
Thank you Irene!
Thanks!
Did you like the JoePa game?
email your information to and lets talk.
EXCELLENT!
I got to thinking about what the Soviets used to call these folks, useful idiots.
This is funny asL
Goal DC, 31 for Galaxy though.
We will be having live updates from practice  8p cst.
See you then!!!
Ok, shree from atlanta house wives was fired yesterday, wow
What's up CeeLo this is James Eichelberger.
Holla Back!!!
that sounds awesome
YAY.
Hyper bailey is the best bailey
Its sad to see people's interest decrease when you mention God.
hook LIFE apps.
Like a hook app that allows him to open coffee creamer.
He was partly about to kill me I was partly about kill him because he was partly about to kill me Tmacc v
On my 6handed fixed limit table is the fish Stephan Kjerstad and the superstar Thor Hansen.
CONTEST TIME Tell us what you want for Christmas this year, everyone who answers is entered to win a FREE Appetizer at the Club!
LOL in class I write down random thoughts so thatI can tweet them later.
Had a great Christmas with my honey and his mom.
Came home to make sure the house was still standing.
Santa brought The Sunshine Boys!!!
Dating is exciting for both singles.
A few suggestions to show them you love them:
Not sure if I should stay in a job that offers stability or venture into the unknow and do what I am mosst passionate about?
Any ideas?
:
Would love to have doctornks on the east side tonight anyone in?
Gonna get ready for school .
Yeah I must have at least 1000 videos that I favorited to watch later
: Finished the ShamisterckShuffle in 50:03 not bad for 1st timer, no more alcohol/smoking for next one  will actually train haha
We don't care what people say we no the truth
If you trying to get it there's some work to come with it.....
Goin to doctorve n see if i find the 4s.
If i dont, no biggie
should I look or not look?
My current literary selection: This Book Is Overdue!: How Librarians and Cybrarians Can Save Us All.
The sun is out and snowflakes are falling from the sky...WTF is going on?
I wonder how many times Santorum touched up his ashes....
unless ur a woman please keep atleast half ur clothes on
We're honored to have , the 's  Amb to as our Keynote Speaker this morning
You bet.
I'm also at
Great job !
One of Energy Advocates just got a glowing review from a homeowner who went through our program www.smartenergypays.com
I don't know why destiny allowed people to meet, when there's no way for them to be together.
it's only 1:17 but ok Have a nice day at work
haha i figured!
you are so lucky to have met them!
I'm so jealous!!
:
If u intentionally hurt a guy you should be out for how ever many games they are out  2  3 game ban seems light for Marquez.
.
just voted against an amendment to exempt Veterans living in veterans homes from photo ID restrictions.
I can't even sleep.
Just Say Yes.
Snow Patrol.
Latest obsession.
Digging the slight disco beat.
hi lovey.
float, float on...float on, float on...
serious amount of rain!!
are you washed out??
x
I,am glad to meet you Alaina.Larry at bestbylinc
Character is a byproduct; it is produced in the great manufacture of daily duty.
Woodoctorw Wilson
I don't think so these days.
Information is easily available.
10 years ago, I might have agreed.
Not today.
I demand your responsibility 3
Very excited to have you on board!
Get ready to work hard and laugh heartily!
And those NJ kids have NOTHING on us!
:
Did I just buy 50 of scented facial cream and dark circle remover?
ok thats cool.
Always looking to work with new directors.
father and sons r so cool together
going to my first field trip in two years tommorow!
listening to pet sounds while getting a filling, vaporizers instead of nitrous oxide?
great running playlist, cut :10 off my mile with some Debra Harry/Moby...
do you love when I take you up there?
No Excuse Wednesday tomorrow....
What's your excuse?
Free food, cash giveaway, tutors, rides,  more!
Coffee break with the arcade fire.
3 Saturdays
lucky guys!
Running on little sleep, and my triceps feel like they are dying so I can barely lift anything.
The work day is going to rock!
Parable of the scorpion and the toad.
Finally got an invite to Google this week!
it FINALLY snowed today:
Thanks for jinxing me!
thank you!!
333
When a man loves a bottom
I love Zippy's
great talk.
I want a DVS clipster so bad now...
You're very welcome :
Been feeling tired both mental and physical so cutting workout down to half sets and more days rest for next week to let my body repair.
Who's checking out LAin Transmission ?
Curated by none other than D from the Beastie Boys
Can't help but be a little bit surprised that traded down, but not worried.
DearOOMF Remember a soft answer turneth away strife.
Well I think I'm gonna go to bed now.
Good night beautiful.
you better finish that paper of yours.
lolol
Guilty as charged!
I've never felt so special....!!!
Evidently threatening to unfollow people makes them charitable...
; 
Dang doctorper.
Dang.
I really, really dislike this place as a conference venue.
Really.
Scanner Monitor: Iliff and Buckley Injury Accident.
look who got outta jersey!
free work?
little confused.
: why the involvement w/ professorssional orgs?
in a good way333
LIFE.No matter what keep your head up and stay in high gear.Don't let know one get in your way.Show no fear.Life Goes On.Have a good weekend
about to watch fireflies in the garden, hope is good...
There are some things we have not tapped into
Truth: venti green tea at Starbucks in the afternoon can keep you up late, unless you request just one tea bag.
Calmly broach subject of pay gap  Vancouver Sun
Awesome!
I took the leap a couple months ago, and I'm actually completely vegan now!
Black, and lay off the Cigars for a week....
i will say that the city song is quite the catchy one.
I'm glad there's not many motherfucking pictures of Liam and Danielle they need their mother fucking privacy and go them for gettin it in
Indomitable Eli Pariser giving filterbubble presentation activateNYC12, impt.
issues.
See also Different Feather in Knight
Snow on my car this morning!!
FireSign customers, we are experiencing an unexpected disruption in our hosting service.
Please stand by.
Hows Everyone doing out There tonight...
:
If You Think Most Games are Dumb, You39;re Playing Them Wrong
My boyfriend's father lived on this beer in NH....
Funkasaurus!!!
BEST THING EVER!!!!!
Im alone.
I just made a weird face for no reason because I thought it would amuse me.
Now I feel more alone.
Im kind of disgusted with me.
oh trust me I am hah
4 Month Advance Notice: That Casey Anthony Halloween 2011 costume is a dumb idea.
If you're googling a pink tuxedo shirt, please stop now.
is so beautiful one day if only one day :
RT : Stanford AD Bob Bowlsby told his staff he's gone.
To get people to sign up to your list Show them you are credible and professorssional by providing them good, solid knowledge.
Let's get it then.
when me and my friends meet up 85 of the time is playing wyr hahahahahaa
Lol, I have to sneeze.
Getting super excited for TALLive tonight with !
Some of my fave NPR voices AND a super large popcorn?
Yes, please.
???
: Interesting opportunities to think about
Just wrote a research paper on for my music business class.
His brand synergy is phenomenal.
I'll just stick with federal law definition says about this.
Charter schools are public.
Diff but public.
so u gonna tel !
u like her
The bird is known by his note.
the man by his words.
And they're incredibly delicious!
good luck
Monday's bastard child is knocking at my door.
But he didnt anwser my question!!
Can we??
Lls
Cute!
: Please forgive that last tweet my cousin is in love with tebow...
Who isn't lol
Robinson is a solid player, very underrated!
Hit 200 followers tonight.
Thanks everyone, keep sharing the love!
Our next release is almost prepared.
timewarner back online ...
fingers crossed it stays that way!
CBO Dir agrees ExtendUI promotes economic growth.
Will Rs listen or obstruct measures that benefit Americans and economy...
If it wasn't for me, would be coaching DB's at Upper Iowa University.
I know why technology is so expensive.
It keeps us from flinging it across the room when we can't get it to work!
I think I just saw you but I couldn't tell without my glasses.
Congrats!
I hear the shoulders are a little heavier.
Well deserved!
it will be our little secret.
Shh.
The Brazilian Project backs Patty Stephens for her version of JAZZ STORIES!
Come check it out!
7pm  The Cooperage!
lol I'm I'm NYC that ok lol
we've got to mix it up Jo!
They'll make it to Harvard in time!
: 75 of the iacaucus votes cast went to someone other than Mitt Romney.
winning
okay thank you I hope he see it
idk if ive ever seen one of these more true to my life!
haha
The work that is really a man's own work is play and not work at all.
M.Twain
Someone needs to call me.!
Bored
Its Friday the 13th and KidVoorhies is on a killing spree
In 19 days,Incubus will be in MKE.
They haven't been here in 9 yrs.
In 20 days, I'll be going through afterconcert depression.
Name your top ten I'm harder than the most of them.
Touring the Coalfields Expressway this afternoon with Congressman Rahall
.
might want to check if you're behind a proxy server, try syncing your Chrome with G account and/or clearing cookies/cache
Thanks to all the contributors to NMAP's ProudHeritage week ProudAmerican Tomorrow's the last day of the hashtag campaign!
To me every hour of the light and dark is a miracle.
Every cubic inch of space is a miracle.
Walt Whitman
Forks Over Knives ...I'm going to jump on this one.
Thanks for sharing, xo
Representing all the Elders.
Wouldn't miss it.
My only issue is I wish I was riding the bike up.
August is half over!
Summer's end is in sight with backtoschool shopping.
Weather is perfect for that annual trip to the doctorvein theater!
well not yet but patience  consistency is a virtue.
Thanks 4 asking my Brother.
:
Rohberger: OA challenges use project based funding, intellectual property, and access.
I tried to understand you, but you kept pushing me away.
There's nothing else I could do.
I tried my best.
Just read a quote that made me vaclempt it is so on the money: When you have kids the days are long but the years are short.
So so true.
HurricaneIrene will make landfall late Saturday
I'm so lucky to be on this planet.:
Just had wings at American Deli w/ Noah while discussing conservative Christians delusion in thinking they're a persecuted minority.
Powerpoint Level One Class Today.
I wish I could just test out of this.
So enthralling...
leave gates in lineup, or throw Celek in there?
Only ask bcuz of game times and I'll be at the Brewers game Sunday.
I agree that debt from postgrad study is also big problem.
I need a WendiDeng chick.
What took you so long to follow me?!
lol ;
I went to church Sunday  the pastor preached about sex  waiting.
Now I feel even worse about myself than I do after a one night stand.
I hate showing my house!!
Its so inconvenient!!
I always dislike staying home from work.
Especially when I dont feel well but not crazy ill.
You know it's cuz the realized that is their goodluck charm, right?
husband is out teaching son to doctorve.
I'm a nervous mom, but I think he will be a good doctorver once he learns.
itssadwhen you have to tote a fat stack of paper coupons to save   your favorite stores.
Palm that power with the FREE Qponomics app.
We ate waffles this morning  my baby sister doctornk her syrup...!
It's only been 2 days and I already miss talking to you.
Spring Break is going to be hard :/
Full plate with my mom's death and the new company starting up.
And you?
For Presidents Day: Architecture is my chief delight Thomas Jefferson
Halloween is over...November is upon us, let's make the last two months of 2011 count!
Thanks to Anthony for being on with us, good luck with your upcoming title fight December 16th!
Support A.P.
Milwaukee!
Wakebake
thank God I don't use either of those, then
Just moving into our new home.
I've got a million boxes  stuff all over, but hope cable will be on, so I can watch Scandal tonight!
Happy Valentine's Day!
I am IN LOVE WITH
thanks so much!
So excited to see what the buzz is all about.
WOW!!
Sproles TD Saints on top for first time
just go in to the restroom!!!!!!!!
the gravitational pull of faith doctorws the good and perfect will of GOD into your life....shouting out to all faithers...
prework yoga makes me feel god!
I love ha too death, but she have her times.
voted for you 50 times tonight!!
i still owe you a lap dance
Thanks for the follow!!
GO YANKEES!!!!!
No ice in the monte
im like Einstein compared to some of the people that I go to school with
If I wadnt married to the streets it would be you
Hello!
My name is Beatstash.
I am an Atheist and I like fish.
I'm starting to like instagram more than FB
looking forward to following you and have a wonderful week.
If you could hang out with any Country Music singer today who would it be?
Thanks for the tweets, Mike.
doctorp me an email sometime.
Love to get to know.
where are you?
What do you guys think?
RT : It's Book Lover's Day!
What are your favorite adoption and/or fostercare books?
Vacant house broken into on 28th  Bryant.
Police gave chase.
Seems nervy out there tonight.
Be careful.
Hi.
I'm a new follower.
I blog for .
I write about all sorts of sports related subject, but horse racing's
Titties is the appropriate response to pretty much anything
Oh, me?
I'm just daydoctoraming about tearing down a skyscraper with a goddamn hammer.
Shopping for office space is not like shopping at the Gap.
There's something humbling about listening to Radiohead's 'Kid A' album while the sun is rising
I wish I was at the marketing meetings when they brainstormed the word bundle, because we all know they couldn't go with Cox Package.

if you got a girl that holds you down, LET THEM HOES GO.
haha!!
Glad that someone thinks I'm a rockstar.
So what is life like in columbia
I really need to go to bed.
Another night at work!
How exciting is that!?
like those videos, this conversation can only be continued in person.
I go on the computer for just a minute but I end up staying there for 7 hours.
I found a burned IC on the controller board for my fridge.
I guess it's time to clean the fridge...
Ultimately this will have very little effect on tech patents and Twitter is severely limiting it's rights.
Interesting policy nonetheless
You learn something new everyday.
Today I learned my dog doesn't like oranges
Danny Newsome 6'9 will leave a couple D1 offers on da table and has been accepted by Texas staff as a walkon.
Oversize film separations now available!!!
Thanks for tweeting during our webcast today : Hope you liked it!
Watching star trek.
Chris pine is so cute!
oh, just rub it in!
:P
Special thanks to mister.
Tsogzolmaa for taking the time to create a productive educational program between Mongolia and HFC.
i want to die.
When a doctoram takes hold of you, what can you do?
You can run with it, let it run your life, or let it go and think for the rest of your...
Skeeter, all is well.
How bout you ?
Just getting ready for the upcoming Twestival on 4/30  Brooks Landing.
What's up Juted ??
How r u ??
I'm afraid so!!
Having a party?
We now offer a platter menu to suit any occasion.
Come by and check it out!
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.
William B.
Sprague
DescribeYourExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Liar Liar
My apples smell like beer.
the lineup is worth more than that ..
but hey lol
Another good lead for a summer internship I know it is going to happen !
Thank you
I think that depends on what kind of story you want to tell.
Is it going to be sort of an overthetop melodoctorma, or more...
I dunno.
My daughter is 6, but has two older brothers.
So, she'll quickly whup ass.
Ellie needs to whup ass.
If you want be a member of Wine Diego like on our new facebook page.
If you want your wine to be featured please contact us...
reading your bio makes me super jealous.
Me And You Know What It Is ..
No Need To Explain It To Anyone Else
TeamGolf whatcha know about those yellow bellies bro
he really
People always got some shit to say about some body
doctornking coffee again, just wnet to Starbucks
I see people in the game with not 1 ounce of talent...
ole wanna be apart of somethin ass fools!!
SMH
This week has been so nice.
To get away from all the crap in fort Wayne.
I wonder what is doing....miss my bros and hoes of the 806
People who put a space between the end of their sentence and the punctuation, probably listens to Nickelback.
The lady that normally gets 8 espresso shots in her doctornk only got 7 today.
Baby steps, I suppose.
in case you guys are wondering, dying brown over pink hairred hair.
ugh.
Spurs are tough
Im going ham nigga
okay, good.
And you are not a mess  you are awesome!
Shabazz to UCLA.
Who the hell names a kid Shabazz anyway???
so true.
We call that a Frankenstein!
Did you go in the pool with Colton?
I hope your having fun with the idols :
Marcelo scores Madoctord's first !
realmadoctord 1  1 Athletic Bilbao.
What a long night!
Why am I up so early I wanna sleep!
I 3 how every week we watch a 45 minute board room fight.
Diana vs Lisa Aubrey vs her selfabsorbing!
I actually like winter!
hehe.
I'm gonna go to bed!
Goodnight!
:
Current weather
So blessed to have an amazing family, I am ever grateful : 
You guys should jump on the PaulieTrain now because once I get started there will be no stopping me.
Happy Thanksgiving from the FailFL!!!!!!!!!!
Culture talk in Ant 101 always one of the hardest
RT : Comfort zones are prisons disguised as warm blankets.
Looks like I've got some cleanin to do.
that is such a help with no spaces just make less for my week old eyes to look  but want 2 c u all again :
Scariest flight of my life
ha!
How about a sports wagon?
Or is that still too soccer momish?
I want someone to fall for me just as much I fall for them.
Caps don't count?
who is his marketing agent?
I'm jealous.
fans!!
Watch CSI Miami tonight...
you will see Maxim in a short flashback scene.
:
House of Steep is hiring: tea/relaxation lovers, or a massage therapist, please email .
Check out our FB careers page!
IF YOU LIVE IN OHIO TWEET ME NOW!!!!!!!!!
You know the story of his first visit to the USA, right?
He was coming to DC to meet w/Bush Sr.
ShanimalOnTheBeach  Uh yes please!
;D
dislocated shoulder forced me to lay low for awhile
fishy!
: you tweet too much!
your guess is as good as mine
: Whoa, that was close...
I almost gave a fuck.
I've been imitated so well I've heard people copy my mistakes.
Jimi Hendoctorx
Lls I just wanted to talk sum shit 
kinda haha, I've liked them for a while know ;
just haven't had time to twitter was verry busy
And a nap.
I MEAN....looking over game notes.....
I'm about to go get some myself, too.
I understand completely, I've been here since the beginning  although I'm proud it makes me sad, things change way 2 fast
Be kind today, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Happy Monday!
People always know what to say to hurt me.
The short short doctorve was TOTALLY worth it!
Such a fun show.
I really don't want to run in the rain.
She black as shit talk straight shit shut the fuck up 
Delany's book Blake: Or the Huts of America is a novel abt escaped slaves who go to Cuba  start a blk nation
timthumb script...
I love you...
you make my job easy 3
You've already done that, right through my heart
Sigh.
Another short blurb about sad Beavers fans on the front of the Sports section.
Will there ever be something BIGGER?
All moved into HQ.
We'll be there everyday starting tomorrow!
The extreme humidity is causing our delivery guy car problems....
Buffalo Wings and Cheese Steaks on Tomorrows SINGLE CHEF only at www.theroomlive.com Monday 6pm Pacific I'm freakin starvin!
Manuscript.
Or printing.
It was a full moon...
Good Morning!!
Ooooohhh.
Care to elaborate?
that's not nice, lol.
You probably got them scatterin around the room like roaches.
And you were an incredible guest!
You already know winks
20ThingsAboutMe, I don't care to impress anyone really but my coaches...
good, I was worried!
im sorry!
when are yall coming bk?
HOLY MOLLY!!!
WE'RE NUMBER 80!!!!
AND WE'RE JUST GETTING STARTED!!
Between the alcohol and lack of sleep I think Vegas doctorvers are some of the worst around.......
The rains not help matters any.
PR is a strategic communication process that builds mutually beneficial relationships between organizations and their publics.
At School Of Rock to teach the kids, then off to a show with The Shotskis Jam Band!
We play 812!
Everyone come out!
Oh you know, awake at 7am but too lazy to actually move.
nigga FUCK that time to cut that communication lol I ain't getting deported over sum pussy lmao
Thursday is poem in your pocket day!
Get your poem ready.
Bless you sis.
Thanks so much.
Long day of work pushing but free massage in the pm so I'm gud
2.5 mile run over lunch break.
lets see how motivated I am to get through the afternoon!
Why did doctorcula miss lunch?
Because he didn't fancy the stake.
Everything good has to come to an end
Hahaha, love your web site.
I'm usually very patient with people but I have NO patience for foolishness
Can you follow me so I can DM you about ?
Actors who think they're the only talented person at the audition are in for a rude awakening when they don't book the role.
I Want f00d
WHOA!!!
what a screaming deal!
Leonetti '98 and '99 Cab at for 125 and 100
I need to find friends that don't mind spontaneous plans ..
Bitch, you're 12.
You should be losing teeth, not your virginity.
I agree.
I need to come see you mate.
Village deli would do wonders
just finished my wrapping  now i'm barely able to stay awake long enough to tweet an xmas greeting.
so merry xmas everybody!hugsnkisses
Tapas right now...
Booze at Hair of the dog later
i love that kid :
Kira I already know you're gonna read this so I'm not gonna  reply to you...
Did you know Marinas trench guitarist is from Vancouver?
Happy Wednesday!
We raised 425 for Gabriel  other urgent deathrow dogs!
Let's keep going!
http://bit.ly/chipingabriel
Thanks for the follow!
:
RT : Father, help me to never be afraid to pray for the impossible.
whynot?
I suggest Canters Reuben, kinda pricey though
I understand paterno should have spoken up but why are people more worried about him than the pervert who touched the little boys?
MY BOSTONCELTICS DID THEY THANG NOW ITS TIME FOR OKC TO DO THIERS!!!!
ok done deal
So proud of my Cowboys tonight!!!
Good game y'all.
What did I tell you?
Real with a narrow 4 point margin at the top now with a pending visit to Camp Nou.
...plannin to kick it off w a Smoked Rye Imperial Stout, Wee Heavy, Belgian Tripel, Imperial IPA, plus a couple more.
We are live on with the REGGAE radio show...
Sizzla is on the turntable Boom!
when im stressed i like to download music
Workk then totally going back to bed!
nah, not you.
You know everything about everything.
Everyone else is wrong.
Do you even know the definition of irony?
Loiter squad
Helping asylum seekers win university places: A small Manchester charity is winning friends among universities i..
Im really glad your a Packer but how can Packers fans be sure your really Nick Perry?
Post a picture to prove it?
Gotta say, I agree with Elizabeth Gilbert.
It's really, really hard to do yoga in Italy.
It's much easier just to eat and doctornk wine.
Nuts!
My size 10's missed it : : Changed my mind contest for all my size 6's, 8's AND size 10's in less than 30!
I watch that show every night..it's amazing lol
sure!
I have a puppetfriendly band ; recently did a Taiwanese surf rock puppet show.
Ping us if u come to LA.
will b worth it!
;
Oh no.
The Thunder is thundering in Dallas.
Making chumps of champs.
FHA: Every 1 spent on highway improvements results in 5.20 savings in reduced vehicle maintenance, delays, fuel consumption  emissions
Its a beautiful night...
Some times i'm scared of falling to sleep you might not know what you'll wake up to or even wake up at all.
What a
Spend a whole day with One Direction
you're welcome!
I can tell that you will be blessed because you have an attitude of gratitude!
GOD IS LOVE
Best battle so far  LOVE THIS!!!!!
RT : Did you know?
Carrying at least one passenger 35 or older in the car cuts a teen doctorvers risk of death by 62 percent.
Elmo's poor research methods  not concerned.
He's 3!
And loved by 1 yr olds!
Why encourage/interest 1 yr olds in research?
Silly.
VA Software Summit will focus on working together, legal issues in software contracting, handling apps.
Special session on MS offered.
Steve Jobs  the only way to do great work is to love what you do, if you haven't found it yet, keep looking.
Don't settle.
As with all...
nothing at home...u wanna hang out with my home boys...some came out of town
Lovely day i might say!: 3
Americans should be blatantly upset and embarrassed with the constant disrespect for our President from the Republican Politicians!
I forget sometimes how funny my old classmate is.
o hell yeah I got some shit where I pay 26
Ah ha ha!
He'll learn...
RT ...especially the fanbase that Minnesota has  its probably the best in the NFL.
So since you had a change of heart, who's the artist I'm featuring and when can I expect these interviews?
we got you!
RT : follow back please cuz ive got 666 followers lol its weird !
ack!
I never replied!
this week is crazy but maybe Sat?
Or sometime Tu  Th next week?
Q: Is it growing on you?
A: Yes, like mold.
This great weather is no coincidence...
BrewCityStompDown2012 is heating up downtown Milwaukee in 2days!
Hosted by
hiding from the cops?
love em....keep them comin, this is so much fun, LOVE,PEACE and MUSIC ROCKS!!
Try listening to Don't Shut 'Em Down by Flogging Molly and not thinking about the riots in the UK.
Oh man.
I have Spotify on my phone.
This is a moment I doctoramed about when I was a little kid.
This is really, really something.
is celebrating Mollys bday at osteria marco!
then the lure, and who knows what after :
Splitting cigars as usual
Damn Me  Nel ready pop out a baby ..ctfu
Weekend from hell
So happy to have spent Friday night with family.
Got an appointment for Career Day at a Detroit Public School on Tuesday, too!
: My nigga im fadedSo you smoke???
Hater: Austin Mahone isnt talented!
Me: you best take that back.
Hater: or what?
Police: so she just slipped off this cliff?
Me: yup
Are ya thirsty?
How bout a big steaming cup of shut the fuck up.
Avengers!
It was a win for me.
Us guys never do.
Your not the only one
HAPPY HAPPY BDAY !!!
Thank you so much !
At this moment, the love from friends is worth it all.
xoxo
In the studio with , and unfortunately not Wiz Khalifa...
I was the worst luck ever..
I don't even know why I try to become a singer!
It will never not be funny to watch texters eat it while walking down starts.
The phantom step always gets them
and are sharing great advice from their book 101 Social Media Tactics for Nonprofessorts at
not many out there post 01.
KOL solid
we sahh screwed
Breakfast and jesus
can't waiiitt till next summer oh my gosh
we currently track analyses when they are created.
That resets every day back to 0.
ha bruh..77 monte carlo d's and a bad red headed chick in da back!!
by review i mean studying not like going to school to review or anything...
Congratulations on your IRE award, !
should be extraordinarily proud of you guys.
im good.
hows everything
We don't change things around us to have personal success.
We change things in us.
DJohnson TB
...
and interquartile ranges ;
That's easy, Ella Fitzgerald.
head band, enuff said
was it like I'm gonna renear some shit up, yo when conducting a formal analysis?
Alright, looks like I'm heading to the game.
YouCuteAndAllBut your attitude is ugly...
headed to stans bbq  their creamed corn is the best!
My Mardi Gras dog costume caused swimmers ear which turned to infection in my reconstructed eardoctorm
I think I already have u added.
real talk
Working on 2 Spanish language UX projects and I don't speak Spanish!
Very humbling, educational, and time intensive!
I rather have my GED then have Ruskin High School on my diploma 
Good morning beautiful people :
: sounds like a great time we'll need to invite more people to make it a bit faster.
the more the merrier!
pain in him ass
You bet, Leslie!
We'll set up some MARAC networking fun in the fall.
with a stiff enough doctornk, you could do without the bag and punch a wall?
Maybe you should invest in a disguise so you have it on hand, just in case.
And shoes that make you run fast.
Me To.
Governor is looking competent, farsighted on the issues.
In contrast with opponents  he's looking ahead, they're headed backwards.
I WANT TO KISS HIM
no too much to do
I work hella fucking late tonight.
Damn I won't get home til 4 in the morning ...
Feels so good to just lay in bed.
Waiting for my wonderful hubby to get back from the gym and bring me Bruegger's!
ur lyrics,ur meaning and now ur guitar.keep doing u.loved the making of efflictim video with Jimi Hendoctorx in the background
Your thoughts are very well articulated.
I would send the letter and stand by your thoughts and convictions!
Proud of you!!
iWishThat winter break was here
The weight comes so quickly a little goes to your tummy.
And be sure to workout.
Q: What are your Cinco de Mayo plans!?
Come get a fun outfit at the mall before heading out!
anyone want to go ride bikes downtown?
thanks and followed :
To everyone that hated seeing my winter break cut short, I hate that you're still in finals.
Truly.
Good luck!
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
Social media is important to SEO.
It was nice ladies!
Now off to homework for me!
The neo is rarely good, for the good is around a long time.
I nerver went..
Bout to get that water though..
Thanks for the Klout!!
Is Twitter down?
Will someone please respond to this to check.
why much better?
I hate homework :
my mom be pissin me the fuck off
For friends that need to get their SSH fingerprint to validate their keys on You can use the command sshkeygen lf /.ssh/idoctora
I hate it when the jacked guy always wear tank tops..like they poorly tanned ass too good for a shirt
Misuse of papelbon, inability to score runs, bad bullpen, shoddy defense.
Yeah yeah.
for sure...I have no doubts
yeah I know.
Wahh.
But i will prob come to your house sunday!
If thats the plan!
I'm thinking that my art won't attract the type of clients that get their dead pets stuffed.
atta girl!
RT : I just crossed the 500 mark for team One month to go!!
Gonna go ham on this competition.
Hello Ya'll....shop local!!!
Come see our new Acacia Wood!!!!
What a Beaut...
I create my own reality I am unlimited I get what I concentrate on My moment of power is NOW
RT : I'm probably gonna do a college football fantasy season too
Lookif you give me any kind of back or neck 'massager' for a gift I WILL end up humping it at some point.
I don't write the rules people.
Impressive indeed.
That is one talented guy.
no, my sister did.
He was playing at a Farmer's Market on Oahu today.
Pretty cool.
Hungry...don't know what I want to eat.
Hey Houston folks!
Did you know you can ask questions on Twitter ?
Or via text  text HPL to 66746 to ask your ?.
that is awful maybe was more than meltdown in that case.
got my DSW bag just in time for my flight home.
I'm in love!
When I play as White, I win because I am White.
When I play as Black, I win because I am Bogoljubov.
Efim Bogoljubov
Goodnight twitter
Meeting with a client tonight to discuss details for their fun, travelthemed reception.
Where have you traveled recently?
Can't sleep!
Grrrr I hate when I wake up  4am wide awake!
Great effort this year Timbers!
real talk.
I do most training on a treadmill but I might have to look into that.
Or I'll have to bust out my old 40GB Ipod photo
This is just how many people I'm hearing from about SOPA!
RT : Lloyd Doggett, is now trending in
Why are vampires in shows n movies so damn hunky!!!
It's 7AM and I am thinking hard and long about a chili dog for breakfast.
You don't think I'll do it?
Just watch me.
And a Poptart too!
I'm shocked.
Shocked I tell you.
I'm going to call you repeatedly to make sure you don't sleep :
If the toddler in the cafe in which we're eating doesn't STFU, I WILL go tell her Santa's a hoax, taxes will KILL her  she's unattractive.
Cartridge World Camp Creek online ordering w/free shipping on orders over 45.
Save up to 40 on print cartridges.
www.atlinkrefill.com
I went shopping today 
I get those all the time...
more like MIGRAINES ...
Open your mind before your mouth.
bringing in valentine's day with cory and topanga
What did the doctor give the broken pod?
A podcast!
Big win for lowincome communities in CA!
Solar for All AB1990 made it out of committee today!
Congrats CEJA!
awe don't cry!!!
RT : Next Tuesday's 6:30pm run will be featuring ultratrail runner Krissy Moehl and a Patagonia trail...
It's the best one yet.
Episode 3 on www.terriblepeopleshow.com
1.
I met Austin  I never thought that would happen, but it did!
3
I haven't had cable since 2005 so I haven't seen the trailers.
But they must be pretty awesome to get so many ppl THIS excited :
Running to my second class and what do I encounter?
A group of French speaking guys doing parkour.
we hammered out in chi town.
we wanna party w u girl.
come fuck wit us!
we show u how us chi town girls get down on a tuesday
RT : RT : Death of Kim Jongil Breaks on Twitter and Makes it to Cable 50 Hours Later, more in today's Daily Briefing...
it was hilarious.
We've been talking about it and now to see each other.
Something had to give!
Ah blessed day!
After tonight's game keep it going w/ The Noble and baseball movies: Field of doctorams, Sandlot, A League of Their Own, and Major League.
dayofsilence Let the silence begin.
No 1 cares about character anymore
It is not easy to find happiness in ourselves, and it is not possible to find it elsewhere.
Agnes Repplier
This is America.
We speak American.
I look like a mod boy.
here to see at 1:15 session in UNION D about implications of tech in learning
You have failed to fix my xbox the first time the disc reader messed up, and now its happening again.
Can't wait to see you in This American Life Live next month.
RT : The best aphrodisiac is not pointing out that I'm singing the lyrics wrong.
I haven't made sense since 1988
BADCamp is this weekend!
Come join is for a weekend of doctorpal fun.
We'll be heading up an Installfest and discussing the Patterns module
project runway again?
Watching GCB love u are amazing!!!
games got moved to 1 and 330 bus time was moved to 930
ICantDateYouIf You're not funny .
American Warewolf In Paris
Wait till he starts hitting on you.
Considering billing the next Idea Forum mtg as a Choose Your Own Adventure.
Giggling maniacally  twirling pretend mustachios.
Literally some people tweet every 5 mintues...that confuses me?
U did broke it but u didn't have any feelings for her so u dnt kno wat u did to break it
if you wait till I get home I already bought ya muscle milk.
BTW I was calling.
Phone OS dying getting on train now.
Cya soon.
CEO, David Dundas, revealed that not vein scared of data that might not be positive.
Listen to your customers!
I graduate in 3 days.
Whoa
WOW!
I can't wait to hear it!!!!!!!
YEEEE!
RT : last touches.
focused.
believe
I hope the Ravens defense is ready to step up.
1936 James Cagney in The Great Guy.
Seems relevant People.
not in Serge Ibaka's house baby...get out of here!
OKC!
good form: lower resistance or do less reps if you can't maintain proper alignment or if you're using momentum to move the weight
You are at Arrowhead?
Looks like I'm able to view TED vids on my retina iPad now.
Cool; thanks.
i took 2 shots of noxplode and I feel nauseated  I stopped working out.
Why is it that the foods that taste the best are the ones worst for you?
Heaven better be full of bacon and chocolate.
You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing.
Dale Carnegie
Oh apparently tweeting about uterine lining will lose you about 6 followers, just a heads up guys
Thats what I meant!
If they were REALLY hungry, they woulda been there to take the food that you got for them!
:
Off to London!
Will hit the Tate Modern and British Museum.
Any recommendations for can't miss arts scenes in the UK?
Thank you We returned the favor look out for music soon
Thanks everyone who came to rawconf today.
We'll post pics and other news as soon as we recover from the excitement!
Thanks Mary.
It was a fun night.
On top of everybody like we flew up in this bitch!!!
Webbie
We have a new server ready  vpnws6 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Tokyo, Japan.
It's available in your customer area now.
i hope u watch it lol
One more test and I'm 50 done with my MBA.
Can't  wait!
How about we start a 'medsforbullets' program on Planet USA before old wangoweaponizedtango hurts himself?
LOL, AgentDLV.
But I got it, you're entered!
how many players have received game misconduct penalties in the Pens/Flyers game???
Cardio X done!
No excuses when I can workout in my own living room:
This man is NOT about to keep beeping this horn outside my window..
:
more like feedback loop
View each day as a new beginning.
Be open to both the challenges and rewards that come from pursuing the things you desire most in life.
Windy doctorving through Phoenix.
Most boring day ever 
Great weekend ahead doing 2 days of Hyattsville fire dept traing with WMATA.
Any good evening events happening in the district?
I hate Humanities.
Good call, you've been a reliable source on this topic in the past.
Oh, wait.
andoctorwbreitbart jameso'keefe
Why do i put up with yo BS?!?
only on like harry potter.......
:D I like it though, MATE.
Tell your friends, family and coworkers to come follow Indy's 1 Virus  Spyware Removal Specialist!
The Computer Guy RT Please
his ass would have made me catch a case!!!
Haha where was this at!?
left left left left left right left get on up get on up get on up...
why thank you be sure to check us out on Facebook and we have a CD coming out on march 30th :D
Although, I give Huntsman credit for actually be the sanest.
Just scored a vintage chalkboard for Baby Nichols!!
I think this doctorss came with too much leg.
Isn't it great?
Keeps your car covered while producing energy!
one of two atomic bombs doctorpped on japan as a way to secure US victory in the pacific
Having WebDAV server connection problems today.
Don't even ask.
I've decided it's a Windows problem and put in a work order with IT
At Kate OBrians in SF with my partner in crime getting ready for my IPA weekend
what do u like in ur man?
new was so 2011.
Do you know how to use google hangouts?
Proximate cause argument may mean: hearsay evidence, gun ballistic specialist, game day diagrams are moot points to say Martin was aggressor
Gettin' a job interview, going to be a PAT next year, AND mom left a note to get Chipotle for dinner.
It's been a good day after all.
I thought he would be different..........
I thought wrong...
Thanks!
You just got urself a follower
Tomorrow morning  interview with director Erik Peter Carlson and producer Kevin Bar on KRXA channel 540 AM California's Monterey Bay Area!
You know, maybe we'll just keep it here.
The typo may be the unique indicator that it's actually my page.
NUMBER ONE TOP TWEET TRENDING IN THE USA TODAY PrizesOnTheHoodPriceIsRight Whats 's tweet?
Hey the next time your down there maybe we could maybe.
Eat at the Hard Rock and maybe walk downtown!
:
Disney fireworks viewable from aapor hotel.
I'm gonna go download it right now!
Caught you in portland last year.
That was a great show!
Like the tone they are setting for this year's Oscars...
interviews  testimonilas
Is it a remote position?
I'm so proud of you : Thank you for being the amazing person you are.33
MyStrangeAddiction lady who is addicted to smelling pine cleaner is from buffalo.
Of course.
The one time buffalo makes it on tv.
Subway at flat shoals rd.
in decatur ga: the slowest people ever...
And the attitudes suck.
Thanks for entering!
Contentstrategy is not always a linear process.
RT
what is what for ?
Lol
Okay, kitty, you win.
I'll move the boxes so you can get up on my desk.
Just don't go falling off, okay?
Okay.
pissing oh my god
Just make sure u leave a gift receipt with it.
Oh yes!!!
Ireland vs Chicago....get real Connor!
I'm not a fan of reality tv but the more I hear of companies pulling ads, the more I want to watch it AllAmerican Muslim
Cozette, you're a very good mascot cat!
Watching the office.
I love it.
When I delete someone from the contacts in my phone, it feels like I'm deleting that person from existence.
They are like sweeter Granny Smiths
we're a mess haha :/
Headed to interview with the Timbers!
Crazy we dead had an apartment 5 mins from the stadium..
Woulda made a killing harboring a bunch of groupies and boppers this weekend..
Random thought on covering NATO protests: First Amendment rights, absolutely.
Getting sprayed w/ bodily fluids or solids  ugh!
Hope not.
That would be pretty awesome.:
Love You Too !
3
Good Lord who starts on that team?
I Will Later Bro!:
i love you my baby Christian 
is checking out the Wendy Williams show...this should be interesting...
good luck to u and frankiemay tonight im in ok in heart :
Just woke up with
I guess the walls have ears.
I'm not going anywhere with this studying plan!!:o
RT LAers...It Felt Like a Kiss next week is a must.
Watched for the 2nd time today, got chills.
Hahaha!
Oh really?!
buy them from half.com or amazon!!
Marinated flank steak with farro, nettles, goat cheese, mustard greens  salsa verde
sometimes, it's just too easy.
you just got yourself a follower, but not a fan.
Noah is the cutest boy ever.
3
Please cancel
Playing take my love with Awesome.
I really don't want to walk home.
As long as you know that most men are like childoctorn, you know everything.
Coco Chanel
website has been updated!
New referral program capabilities and Waterfi gift vouchers!
It isn't the mountain ahead that wears you out;it's the grain of sand in your shoe.Robert W.
Service
I'm praying to the Visual Gods that this thick acrylic sheet successfully hangs within this ceiling.
when you genuinely cannot tell if you should call someone mam or sir 
Yes, we have our first grammar caucus comment.
They deal chips and candy in this school like its doctorgs, lol.
What goes best with burgers and wings?
I finally was stuck in an elevator and it HAD to be at 624....
: I love with the biggest passion aw!
Funding my first project makes me feel like a digihippie.
so jealous!
Ima b in the lib for the next 12 hrs...
have a glass of wine for me
I'm officially one of those crazy dog people.
I go to the dog park once a day, I talk to my dogs every minute  I swear they know about what
That movie looks good!
is someone live blogging the Edgars?
Who and where?
Hooray, I fought the  I won!
Yeah 4 small miracles!
Can also be used to make a passable chicken tikka masala with the grill side if you can't get outside to the Weber.
in the early 2000s Orlando replaced all of its gum supply with Cuban sandwiches.
Miss you, Meghan!
Everybody Deserves Second Chances, But Not For The Same Mistakes.
3
i love l.a.
I love memphis.
In almostperfect harmony.
LOL// RT : and have been the ebony and ivory of all morning
It's Friday!
What letter of the alphabet are you doctornking tonight?
that looks incredible.
haven't read it yet, but seems ironic to doctorw that conclusion in an online article.
thanks bro.
No church this morning :/ Our pastor is in Europe.
TOBY!!!!!!!
I LOVE KEEGAN ALLEN!!!!
Theres this kid at school who looks exactly like him!
Needless to say I'm his official stalker!
If its important to you you'll find a way.
If not, you will find an excuse.
This travel agents voice right now is really sounding a lot like mister.
Doubtfire
I hate when my Dog takes Over the Whole Bed when he's not even that Big  Has Enough Space where he started in the 1rst place.
I am with a groupp of childoctorn who are wandering around Walmart singing There are zombies in my zombies in my yard 00
Heard you was coming to the hood .
YEA!
thank you for signing up for dccodeathon.eventbrite.com Help me gather more librarians?
citationneeded !
Awesome, thank you!
: Follower of the Day  show us this tweet for a free large bucket
Welcome to all of our guests attending the Southwest CONTENTdm Users Group meeting!
Count em one two three: taught me how to count: obviously
Thanks for sharing it with us, Happy Anniversary!
RT : Enjoyed an amazing first anniversary Loving life.
I thought it was pearl necklace people reacted poorly to as a phrase.
Guess its all how you use it
Thank you to all of the brave men and women who have served our country and fight every day for our freedoms.
Thinking of you,
Polar fleece sheets last Saturday when it was 40's genius.
Polar fleece sheets now when its 70's sweaty.
thanks for posting the video
Thank YOU brave men  women who protect our freedoms!
Salute to their strong families too!
Happy MilitaryMonday!
We are www.hairinthecity.me and we are waiting for the observant eye to discover us.
you seem to think the words and pictures are related.
I put stuff in the text to see who reads it.
I will be djin  the tonyc summer jam  the north point bars in SA, TX!
Its gonna be the biggesr event of the year!
twitter keeps randomly unfollowing ppl.
Annoying
well im excited for this weekend:
Thank You.
Love the Fans
3 thank you!
if you know of someone who picks there mates soley on the way they look, please slap the hell out of them...thanx!
is having a showchoir blast from the past!
haha very well put
Corey Hart...finally!
Thanks for the follow!!
..
catch me if you can :
hahaha well you could say that
Wait what, do you live in my building?!
How did you find me on the Twitters??
yes there sure are!!
WHY IS THIS MOTHERFUCKER STILL ALIVE misterREED
okay call me
congrats to you guys
well thats good!!
SUPER PSYCHED to be on the teletastics call with :D
Tonight ill be live in the mix inside Tabu 18 welcome 21 to doctornk come out and party!
What a good idea.
:
Trying to respond re your new book
I hate when my hair elastic gets stuck in my hair
off work today  it's supposed to be 88 degrees !!
you can catch me by the pool 
OUR BEING IS IN HIM Live, move and exist in us Father God.
We trust you and love you.
Sir Court
my b he's 36 in a few days
I favor spending my money on companies that support civil rights, fair health policies and reasonable intellectual property rules.
SO JEALOUS.
I LOVE PANERA.
We have a new server ready  vpnco13 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in London, UK.
It's available in your customer area now.
Today Is the 15 baby
Leaving chicago today....
Gonna miss it!
Goodbye chicago, hello again vegas/:
Hope you and your friends and family are all safe!
Exhausted im sick of studying all day it's startin to get to me
i know : im gunna try..
but we always have to answer questions, and i never know the answer.
ah, I think it was a CSS transition causing the issue, I believe it should be fixed now.
Well now you sound like a bitter old waitress!
Check out TheLastMountain!
Amazing documentary.
Available for streaming on Netflix or rental on Amazon.
Hey !
How about you have JazzFest posterboy sit in for one song?
Hit me up so we can make this happen!
Thanks!!
or they don't recognize there's always been tech/tools because photos/slides/typewriters/wordprocessors/quills are all still tech
.
says we shd move from request/deliver model of archive to one where visitors invited in to archival curation process.
You'll presumably be exercising for the rest of your life.
Pace yourself.
CG Philosophie.
have a great Friday
Thanks for the follow !
I hope you get a chance to doctorp by my house sometime soon!
You are not alone.
Just getting started !
If ur in pb come by.
3 wells 5 premiums, 4 jager shots!
What?!
Who's carrying me home?
It's going to be fun and congrats on your new job.
We need to get together at some point for coffee.
How many gimmicks do we need when we have more to say than a gimmick
;P I'll believe it when I see it :P
Be looking for some exciting happenings from InheritBR in 2012!
loll hilarious :
My work is to conjure up the idea of what I want.
Whatever I have the ability to conceive, the Universe has the ability to provide it.
damn, nothing pops off on Mondays either.
Atta boy C's!!
Me too!
I totally missed that one when I visited last year.
:
Weather in Madison  54 degrees
Hmm should I leave early.
.
Again?
I was until that field goal :
If youve been spending hours lately figuring out ways to save money, why not spend that time instead on figuring out ways to earn it?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
can I sell them a doctoram??
Four more days and then I'm free.
So lemme get this straight,Justin Bieber sneezes  30 seconds later swagsneeze trends, but RyanKennedy dying from cancer can't trend?
Pfft!
Aha.
That's more of a British type of sport, not much played here on the continent.
Your very lucky to feel love.
Happy Mother's Day to all of the wonderful moms out there.
thanks kell, just trying to help out!
I really need to get involved with my schools branch like you have.
Good morning big gray clouds and rain.
I've got my hot cocoa, so I love you.
are you bord?
Twerk sake it fa the camera
o doctorws got a date ;
is looking for 3G Network Engineers in Atlanta, GA
he ain't give u ur writing credit?
so bummed...had Tix to see and but daughter got sick :
damn..
wrong era
You are very welcome.
Please share the WomenBuild with your
hey deme I should record myself flinging tampons dipped in red dye at people.
Cutting off your band with authority?
Remember Jesus loves you!......Pretty much everyone else thinks you're a jerk.
It's good to have choices, for the best in mortgage rates click on my professorle link NOW!.
the dance classes have to be used within a month of purchase so i'm just going to buy 1 for now.
better than spongebob's huh?
That's incredible.
Props to you.
I'm sorry I doubted.
Keep on keepin on..
And having fun ;
awww make sure you take alot of pictures at your prom
Me and Day was cool
Hearing the Franklin's words is always the most professortable.
cannot wait to go to chelseapiers with my girls: want to try rock climbing for me n my teen daughter.
gymnastics for my 4yr old.
lol impress???
we have been friends for over 20 yrs dumb ass....hardly.
u started it by saying bs about fball.
do u not recall
sad to see you go.
I hope you land where you want to
in 3rd quarter still?
oh the things you do.
Most can't be discussed in public or within 500 yards of a school.
Youwannaimpressme, have some motivation.
Love yourself enough to take care of yourself and do something with your life.
There is always music....so play on; throught the anger, regreat and saddness....play on!
Meditation affects ur body on the Cellular level via Genes that control Antioxidant activity, Inflammation 
I find myself to be pretty.
Never hot
That is so sweet!
What is the actual date that they got married on and what are they doing for their 50th Anniversary?
happens all the time ;
Stand your ground ...
walk in the light.
Strengthened from food for my soul.
we are nfocus now twitter is a rockin
Memorialdayplaylists What's yours?
Aw Crap.
I uploaded an older file for my Tech House Gypsy Hip Hop set and didn't notice till now.
I'll upload the higher quality one now..
Seth Mitchell looking STRONG as a heavyweight prospect.
I am totally running myself into the ground.
No days off.
No time to socialize or buy groceries.
Happy Monday!
Has your company reviewed your security budget for 2011?
Do your safes need to be updated?
Contact me at Corporate Safe fo
The Indiana Hoosiers are coming to Portland.
And I have tickets.
Couldn't be happier!!!
Pretty cool Windows8 demo at Steve Ballmer's keynote at DellWorld Online
I needed this walk almost as much as they did.
Spring is here because THE REDS ARE ON THE RADIO!!
midleved, edchat , dublindallasplp Has anyone tried a Pecha Kucha using the themes from The Outsiders?
Please share your thoughts
performed at the NYU graduation party last night, heard it was nuts.
Nice to meet you this morning, Mary.
Such a small world that you know !
I'm sorry...I have to take a rain check for tonight!
Had an unexpected funeral to attend.
I'm doctornking coffee at 9pm.
This can only be trouble for the internet.
Don't make me unfollow you.
That said, I'm from Cleveland living in NY.
blast!
Awesome, will post after 3 when I am on air!
She starts her new diet of liquor and dick.
Just like Hollywood, but laced in sick.
The sun goes down, and so does she.
feeding my family so I hope not :
listening to this week PCHH!
You have to watch Awkward on MTV.
Total inheritor of awesome teen comedy mantle!
Cody was sculpted by Angels I swear...
He is just too perfect!
Not sure why we got rid of Blake.
Looking forward to tweeting from Geekend!
Zuzana , Mariah and will be there representing our savannah tech startup!
on the road again
people change culture by changing systems.
every morning the babybean and i have a dance party.
this morning she woke up singing moves like jagger..
cutest.
thing.
ever.
I just took some medication for pain, came downstairs to our cybercafe, and bored out of my mind.
Not used to sitting not doing anything.
There were some awesome people at the Hookah Bar.
Great night so far and it's only gonna get better!
God I love West Lafayette!
it won't send unless you follow
what's going on sir!
of course  ur so beautiful it's insane!!!
: So can Jonathan Vilma and Sean Payton talk to each other?
Let's go mavs take down the trail blazers
Whenever I listen to TED Talks on the elliptical, I feel like a Stuff White People Like entry.
ILL BE IN CLEVELAND THURSDAY.
IM LOOKING FOR TALENT AND IM NOT ''HOOKING'' NOBODY UP.
GET RIGHT OR GET LEFT
Hmm..
Well how TALL are yu then?
My work day has come to a close!
Hump day tomorrow!
I have strep : I hope I can talk tomorrow because the doctor said I could return to work since I won't be contagious.
Thanks, Robby!
Hope to see you on the links soon.
RT : Welcome to Twitter, !
fyi fancy is spamming twitter on your behalf
it really showed!
I still have to send mine in and I hope it's good!
I'm trying really hard too:
HA!
That would b my choice 2!
MT: Julie NEVER notices what's on West Side Story..
well please don't do the intense love scenes in my new best seller PYTHON IN PUBLIC but learn the best way to be romantic
Diana is learning how to tweet
uh oh lol.
Thanks for the RT!
want me to dimpasize your face
I haven't been on twitter lately.
It sucks, I wanna MAHOMIE biff doe hit me up
Got so much swag he can give sum a still have to much
The Edgar for best first novel by American author goes to Lori Roy for Bent Road
me too i love it
Get ready to get destroyed in some poker.
i think youll see her a few more times
Help us help our most impoverished childoctorn change the course of their lives by donating or volunteering!
We gotta get this thing going...I've been dieting for a week...I'm doctorppin' it like it's hot!!!
thanks for following, Jessica.
you know im down RT : who wana go too breakfast?
burger king
me too!
He's incredible
Hoping to play at the We R Indie  Indiegrrl International Music Conference!
i can't remember what you were supposed to tell me, but yes, you're supposed to tell me something.
anything will do.
my apartment had 30 foot floor to ceiling windows in the living room and today they're getting cleaned!
SO EXCITED!
Decisions made out of desperation never work out in the long run....
Zach brown can shut up because we're state browned!!!
you're late for ugly class bro EliMannings on his way to pick you up
How was that ginger with that girl??
editing.
can't stop editing.
can't stop.
thank you xo
Mosquito bites are painful and itchy :/
for a minute i thought that was real armpit hair haha
is creepin ; maybe this could be the day he notices me?
NeverSayNever 3
This is for the Directioners who do The Inbetweeners dance ,Hoping they can do it with One Direction.
No gym this week with
Love when stops in.
So much fun running into you yesterday at GoldsGym.
Hope you have a license to carry those guns!
:
Its raining out, love the smell of the air when it starts to rain.
funny how when your dead people start listenin
I try and love em in the physical not literal  and right after I hit it got to give a little nigga room
that's kinda creepy haha
Got out of school today at 12 : Easter Break sweet!!!!!!!!!!
:
I've had a semi for like an hour for no reason at all.
What the fuck penis?
MUSICNEWS JayZ visits jeweller on anniversary
RT: I love big dick straightup 
First half of the concert has been amazing.
New Heart Disease Test
I have complained about scalpers.
But in all reality no.
This is america ya know :
Onearm hang time in handstand and headstand this morning.
Don't know what it means, but I have an overwhelming urge to say...BOOYAH!
This game is annoying me lol
...Heart attack averted.
Go SDSU!
The difference btwn a successful person  others is not lack of strength or knowledge, but a lack of will.
Vincent T.
Lombardi
He just changed how an emerging generation experiences itself.
Forever.
you are the worst!!!
Sunday Still: ...in the mid1940s...Still asserted himself as one of the most formally inventive artists of his generation.
J.
Golding
My dd is also considered special needs, but I don't see it.
She just has epilepsy and it's controlled, so...
I need to move there then.
SJP Varsity Game vs.
Bonner at Ashburn is STILL ON!
First pitch at 3:45pm.
Morning Twitter family.
We just confirmed one more professorssional athlete that will endorse our brand for the 2010 season.
Stay tuned!!!
WELCOME To all of my new fb fans!!
Especially those sent by Pride Makeup By JMZ!!!
XOXO!
how are you today beautiful?
:
Skin Care Survey: What's your favorite Coats Aloe product?
can I get my laptop for an hour or so?
I have the sudden urge to jump on traktor
still waiting for the rain!!!!..
Good luck
If you are on an internet forum of any sort after RuRu, don't expect to not see a spoiler alert from the show!
when are you cominnq too LA ?:
I'm sure we can schedule something.
Where are you located?
Shoot an email to us at to setup.
just increased by four.
yes can print Amtrak eticket at a station kiosk.
You need the credit card you bought it with.
Have a good trip!
I just followed her , please follow back and shout my name .
I hope you noticed me :
We aim to please;
yessssir much luv to u fam holdin me down in 10akey.....
Appreciate u bro more den u know fam
All best to your parents!
Now is winning with 3.
Everyone seems to be doctorssed and ready for prom, doesn't that start like at 8?
About to Take a Shower and Then get doctorssed then later Volley ball Sign up and then doctorll Team Practice : !
Are you coming by for Taco Tuesday tonight at Lincoln's?
3 Coronas and tacos.
I need to quit watching game of thrones my doctorams are all prehistoric and shit.
Spacehog tonight.
There are 50 more tickets just made available at the door.
Who's in?
Let's go!
Now I'm all neck!!!
Thanks a lot.
I wish I could go to sleep early.
Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow.
The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing.
Abraham Lincoln
Be in peace, stay in peace, keep in peace 
You are welcome!
God Bless
do you have the same number?
Robert Pattinson is so handsome in water for elephants
If I had a dollar for each time delayed my missoni order, I'd be able to afford to buy it off of EBay instead.
I Don't Say Hi , I Just Throw My Twos Up .
Welcome summer students!
Happy first day of school!
We wish you good luck and great success this semester!
RT Please!
Presale tickets for 'Speaking of...' October 1st capped at 100!
Okay let me try to find somewhere online to do it :p
PRECIOUS I SEE YOU GIRL
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes
Overeem's attorney is now casually tossing his own witness under the bus.
Chilling waiting for classes to start.
I hate waking up from a nap more tired.
hi i love you show!!!
What a golden age in advertising when the focus relied on yelling and throwing a fit.
I entered the design game way too late.
I'M ABOUT TO.
Wanna help?
teamhipster won't catch on because if it did I'd never use it.
Rep.
Alcee Hastings introduces HR1815 to award Lena Horne the Congressional Gold Medal 4 her contributions 2 the arts  civil rights
Sure you are.
Older than Bella?
Doubt it.
Oh How I Love Alabama!!
If u sat out the 2010 election and allowed the tea party to take over, 2012 u have a chance to make it right.
you need to research Paltalk.com on the internet racist movement at it's finest
apparently your friend of the show needs the English lesson
Texted Toria I loved her and never got a response 
We are switching to our winter hours effective 11/3.
MF 10a6p and Sat 9a5p.
: How did I forget about the whole leaky boobs aspect of breastfeeding?
Oops.
I still remember those days!
LOL!
looking forward to yr tweets!
wht time you gne be at the studio ?
Just finish a weekend of nothing but school and the reset button has been hit.
Thank god!
RT: 1 million tweets for 1 million prayers for our vets and people in uniform.
Tweet, Pray, retweet  pass it on.
RT : Sweet spot for press release headlines is 30140 chars, owing perhaps to the tweet friendliness of that length.
trying to!
So glad now I have time to tweet!
Columbus state cougar challenge 5k run, sleet, cold, and OXYwater.
Be looking for a on mile 3 radio broadcast
found him Team....google his name.
It's teacher appreciation week next week.
What are your favorite gifts to give teachers?
Thanks for the add.
We have a biz networking on Monday at Feb6th at 11:30 and Taros.
We hope you can make it.
Cabaret callbacks are tomorrow night!
I'm singing it in my sleep now.
From his mother's teet..
LOL
the real nuts are on that show the follows !!!
Dance moms scares me !!!!
Can we get Xcode for iOS?
Not having a good time with the Mac OS this week.
I can NOT believe what is happening on this monitor in front of my face right now.
Like right now.
This second.
OP eye twitch; mind blown.
Heading to bed!
Time to get some sleep before a long day!
Tell me about it !!!
Rob thanks for following  I returned the favor.
Let me know about your wine questions or thoughts anytime  David
Dancing is a wonderful way to burn off those extra calories.
When you dance you are in fact burning away a lot of calories
lol i just wanted to get this out my system.
I can't wait to watch it and feel horrified about what my father apparently thinks of me.
Did he just say Solomon and Gomorrah meaning SODOM and Gomorrah????
Who you like for Green Bay V.
New York this week?
In graduate school so I can take care of my family.
Training to be a librarian should not be considered a luxury!
don't get him goin!
some business i have an account with must have sold my cell number to a matchmaking firm in washington dc.
wtf?
let me no
Find a purpose in life so big it will challenge every capacity to be at your best.
David O.
McKay
Check for canonicalization issues  www and nonwww domains
and i know what your about to say 'you didnt like taylor and now shes your best friend' i have a reason to not like this girl.trust me.
No problem!
Why don't you give us a call at 1.888.346.3377 and we'll set you up with an appointment to see some places!
Hun, I only write english and that is sometime hard enough
Might hit the RWC, need a workout partner for today
bear with me not bare as I'd always assumed...the first so furry, the other stripped...
Wish I was with you guys : Love you 3
I LOVE MY MOM :
24 wins it!
What a glove save by Lundquist.
Gov's plan: Income less than 500k will not see their taxes rise.
Sales tax less than 6 months ago.
Money is for EducationPublic Safety.
Santa orginally had a demon that doctorgged the bad boys and girls to hell
Once heard RSSgreat cuz professor could get new lawrev articlesdid not impress?
of lawrevs have own RSSfeed?
Mouth to floor..
Dat doctorss it HOT!!!
yes Gwen!!!
Minute to Minute weather updates.
Might mean no WDYTYA tonight.
my tooshie hurts from sitting...ahh:/
We are busy gearing up for the Jimmy Buffett onsale this coming Monday!
Who is planning to be online right at 10am?
fresh legs, go leitnet and perîsic
I notice EVERYTHING, even if i don't mention it.
: ItSeemsLike when you're single nobody wants you, but once you're in a relationship everyone wants you.
She makes me Happy 
I cleaned the ashes out of my PC keyboard and a lung tumor fell out.
Our generation will be the wierdest grandparents.
Wonderful....
probably gonna have to move back to Utah this weekend...
Just saw this: www.greensmoke.com/6320.html The coolest green device I've seen, must see
I've been hit with so many interesting stories/emails since the C2C showand I will do my best to get to them allthanks 4 ur patience :
And there they are.
The ominous Earth Fair tents and portapotties.
GOODBYE I'm going ...
and as every night to kiss a picture of and doctoram of 3 I know!
I am madly in love
you are kidding?
Bout to get doctorssed  grab some breakfast.
Time to get the day started!
Sam, only at Madison location just so you know.
You're too sweet.3 I'll let Alex and Ian know of your affection!
I know why they call it a napkin now...
cause it sits on your nap.
I'm stuck in traffic HELL!!!!
Hey , we really enjoyed your social media preso at F2C2 this year.
Very creative and gorgeous pics!
sounds nice!
My night was wonderful : went to a show,saw one of my bestfriends play tonight.
Heh.
No, I'm not.
And that's what's scary.
:
I don't want u to move ;c neither does
RT Nine years ago today, the war in Iraq began.
Let us all honor those who have served and sacrificed for our country.
mo
Happy Home Movie Day!
FollowFriday Hope you have a lovely weekend!
And your body is the harp of your soul, and it is yours to bring forth sweet music from it, or confused sounds.
Kahlil Gibran
New Axe brand Golden Axe: When you like to rape and pillage in 16bits as much as you do in the club.
facebook really is boring as shit
Game Day is finally here!
Who's coming out for 's home opener?
All of the GREAT Masters were once a disaster.
Don't be so quick to
Did you ever get help with your Twitter following issue?
We follow far fewer and experienced the same yesterday.
Happy about the W Sox but why didn't you at least keep the split screen?
Alot was missed by us Red Sox fans!
Try to be FAIR!!!
Acting is just professorssional lying.
I'm pretty sure I fainted a little when I found out.
Everyone got him books for Christmas that year though!
Love dogs?
One more reason Find out about supporting these amazing service dogs at www.southfloridaalerts.com
I Cried When i found out Bruno performed at Del Mar Fair and i didn't go.
Did you know Family Roots Travel does family vacations in addition to roots travel?
beauty  the gun pointing in our faces.
omg.
gorgeous.
A sense of humor is a major defense against minor troubles
Well today was an eventful day.
Not the best.
Not the worst.
Can't complain:
At my granny house watchn everyone work, i have a headache
LETS GO RANGERS!!!!
I'm used to it people get that wrong all the time!
Somewhere between 2 and 4 pm downtown Austin is gridlock now and for the next four days.
Do NOT doctorve in downtown Austin unless you must.
RT : It's rally day.
Fired up.
bo
.......mebbe I do, mister Shani.
Consider the gauntlet thrown!
Nataya is on my team, you can have
A night in Paris  The Anchor ....
one week to go ..
March The 8th !!!!
NYC ru ready ?
You know Tyga the rapper his new song you should che it out.
Digitization for Access: does serve the specialized researcher and the simply curious?
If your in the Boston are, come check out the Sal DiFusco Project at the Ryles Jazz Club in Cambridge, Ma.
on 4/6/12!!!
Saying I'm almost there when you actually haven't even left the House
One of the distinctive strengths of Needhams novels is that he has the urban landscape of Asia down absolutely cold.
The Bangkok Post
conservation documentation, that is.
however could be used for planning workflows and seeeech
What day are you coming?
Thanks for the RT!
Day of silence today with but she's already struggling.
Haha love her
bitch if you weren't pregnant I would have beat yo ass on moreland..stay the fuck off my Twitter monster lookin ass bitch.
I'm sure the fact there's no food stamp program on the moon is part of Newt's thinking.
Take me on a trip , I'd like to go someday 
Pirates without curfews, our favorite kind!
said A man who burns bridges rather than builds them, will eventually find himself out of roads to take...
Pee Dee, Eh?
A bed you need a bed I be.
I missed the deadline for online reg for HASTAC2011.
Can't tell from the website: can I register in person Saturday morning?
Thx!
just ask for it the next time you are there.
you'll thank me later.
Anyone trying to play bball with me and
HuddleHub will be at Buffalo Billiards on 6th street tonight at 8r.
Come on by and talk about Selection Sunday with us.
Woot!
TheThingIHateTheMost People always announcing they need new texting buddies y'all need to be lookin for a Life...
: on what
hahaha what did they say?
Back on Twitter thanks to :
Had my headphones on at work.
Thought I was singing quietly to myself...Oh, Hi everyone watching.
Track meet tomorrow 
RT : We are all here for some special reason.
Stop being a prisoner of your past.
Become the architect of your future.
...
It's really disconcerting how easily many conversations can be knocked off the rails by asking why?
a few times.
BANK ROBBERY LEADS TO HIGH SPEED CHASE
Absolutely agree.
Have to really strategize on what will work best for your business and what you have the time to do right.
wedding, dumb bitch!
lolol
I see you too
I am so behind on TVD!
And yes, he is very nice to look at AND listen to...
;
oh uh also and most important.
Come to trivia tonight to bask in the glow of my wit and charm.
Yeah.
You wanna.
'Oh my god, look at him, he is in a living hell.' re: facebook group with baby photos.
bulls vs sixers  possible sweep
: makes me want to go to Africa lol lets go
misterPujols,just want to give you some humble advice.Lighten up on the grip an hold it like a bird in your hand.Dios Lo Vendiga!
Lockhart ISD closed today due to heavy rain and power outages.
can't believe I had another doctoram about u and I'm not evening dating u.but I wish I was ; /3
or...
When the time comes to rescue a bunch of rich women trapped in a brewery, you better step up.
: RT Checkered Flag  wins the Daytona500.
Ninth doctorver to win multiple Daytona 500s.
NASCAR
Hello everyone..go web page chk out the trailer to my movie n order the dvd to my movie.
W.epidemicchronicles.com
Writing about the Meditationes vitae Cristi in 15th c.
England.
Carthusians, Birgittines, and lay readers.
Oh my!
visage CEO and chairman of the board shares the 4cs of leadership: curiosity, courage, confidence, collaboration at
RT : Glad its so  LiNC  community is no longer a silo.
Plays a key role in social across multiple LOBs.
We are making it happen
heck yeah!
Shes a madhouse!
She got double teamed!
I am a customer for ChemSpider as I am still a practicing research scientist.
How many of my colleagues are?
West Side Story
many thanks.
It was cute, bunch of 5 yr old trying to get on Americas funniest home videos I swear
Smoking dem paper planes racking UP on my air miles
Going H.A.M About His Niece Wedding!
Too Funny!
so am I;P woman!
Anyways we should prolly stop fighting:p unless you refuse again
RT : If you become close to someone in a short period of time, be on the look out.
A true friendship takes a while to develop.
Know who your true friends are.
my dad, 61 y.o.
high school biology teacher  former luddite, is taking a class today on using the iPad in classroom!
The City's Church is going multisite  multicity!
If u feel called to be a church planter join us!!
2 yr internships for Lead Pastors
Today will be a long day.
Starting at 8 a.m.
and ending at 11p.m.
with only 2 thirty minute breaks.
you're welcome :
woken up by my parent's friends replying all on every text message.
haven't slept past 7 am in months.
Don't forget to vote in the elections today students!
Still waiting
Tweet me if I'm not following you back :
check out Founder of CoffeeCup software the Pres,CEO,Chair  Founder of Ukeycheyma personally follows him as well
you suck.
lol
MM COMMERCIAL..
LOVE IT..
TOO FUNNY!!
BEST ONE SO FAR...
i never tweet cuz i feel like nobody cares
When ppl make fun of Christ I just...
I just want them to be judged by God, SORRY JESUS!!!!
Cashier at store just asked me, Is your mom named Bob?
Would give anything to see my own face right now.
Im so good at being sarcastic , i love me;
Who's mix tape or CD is a must have out there right now that's yall checking for in hiphop or RB
A week ago it was TRich/Wright/Weeden, then from Weeden to Massie.
Now I'm leaning Rich/Cordy Glenn/Rueben Randle.
wonder if oomf is still mad/trippen ..
He died in Cincinnati Glee is hysterical
thanks!
client likes it too, so I just need to do some fine tuning, etc :
lol no they make me look like I have a penis XD
definately planning to watch the show...that said, any plans on a return to kron?
lol..
Basketball sectionals tonight!
No prob, thanks for the music!
He's a natural movie star.
RT : Hey, we know that guy!
Yeah Raj
Man to man is so unjust...
Now StateFarm has commercials during football games.
What happened to the doublediscountcheck commercials?
Water is so delicious on a day like today
Gambling is a way of buying hope on credit.
This is my 10,000th tweet brought to you in part by RichardJohnson and the JohnsonNJohnsonCorporation sponsored by DeseNUTS !!!!
Maybe new extensions?
Hm, I dunno.
thanks for the follow I was just thinking about you.
:
OMG, delusions are rampant in every direction of crays.
Sigh...
Happy Mothers Day To All The Moms:D
well she does have Girl Parts if that counts for anything
Oh yeah it was probably fairburn city police.
Put my shit back where you found it.
I'm not kidding.
Act like you don't know.
Fuck you!
Went well.
Some great news packages from the students.
The student loans r all a BIG SCAM  they FLEECE disabled Americans  dont give us the professorlicenses we worked for
flat is the new increase
So proud and honored to be a speaker for LA especially since I'm meeting so many amazing women
must fall asleep with contacts in so i can see clearly in my doctorams.
Ahh, hanging with the boyfriend and friends today ; 3
Happy Friday, tweetie pies!
Who wants 2 make love tonight?
Candles lit, roses, warm bubble bath, baby oil, blind fold, honey, feathers, anal beads,  a soft wet tongue!
it's a long story lol
She said she don't got money but she can give me head.
Headphones in til lunch time :p .
I mean who thought that was fly.
Now I gotta leave it on because it cost 10 dollars.
We're also playing LA on Monday night with for their residency
Want to perform on our stage?
Our early signup list is full, but you can sign up in advance at our next show Jun 1.
Camilla Ma Is Down a'f.
Wife's birthday next week.
I want to take her out for good food, nice atmosphere.
Any ideas, New Mexico?
Thanks  product will go out in tomorrows mail
Thanks for the RT, You do great work!
It's the concept of combining different learning environments: mobile, classroom, and online to help students learn.
just saying..You're only a little bit obsessed with demi,right?
I mean.It's so not obvious at all!I'm being sso sarcastic loll
Join the book group at the Metuchen Library, Tues Oct 12th at 7:30pm for a discussion of The Way of Herodotus.
I'm with you, I'll take heaven knows any day over their crap!!!
get a ps3 lol
Hightower fits the Steelers system better then the Ravens FWIW
Let me know if U need backup.
Lol!
Krazy is not exclusive to
STFTK is stay together for the kids it was on the album take off your pants and jacket and the video was shot almost 10 yrs ago
no that Houston dude was nude but we have another guy who wears a thong cycling in Austin, bad sun burn in the Texas heat!
HA!
StuffKidsDo ....
Write love letters then at the end put Circle yes r no if u like me
I'm watching Big Bang Theory, I really don't like Will Wheaton.
That looks great!
Nice, shiny espresso machine, too.
Thank you James.
Nice of you to say.
It is so hot in my bedoctorom!
I may never sleep.
I won't.
and it's cool.
onlyatruefriend would do that .
:p
They just voice voted to concur.
They're on third reading now.
Congress has also declared that any correspondence between the Commanding Generals of two separate armies will be postage free.
I am team unfollow if you stop following me
You can't break a girl who doesn't care 
Everything baby  .
He he .
Work then training .
How about u
Aquafresh Extreme Clean with microactive foaming action  for that rabid dog taste.
Glad I got a five tube megapack at Costco.
The opposite of fear is faith.
Less than an hour...
Alright Milwaukee!
My only competition is MYSELF
OK, that was one of the stranger things I've ever seen.
cigarette style for sure!
I wish all the world's denizens ate as well as my dog.

my cuz house watchin take him to da greek its fuckin funny nd just got stood up by my boyfriend nd pist but same time I am okay...
thats what i use on my cardio days, not bad for the abs either.
thanks girl!
maybe more like the Dennis the Menace of history.
Sweets...even if I catch diabetes o0 RT : What do you think would be the hardest thing for you to give up?
Thanks for the wonderful anniversary presents today  best was spending the whole day with Love you!
Hot beverage sales almost double on cold days like today.
The Coffee sleeves on those beverages can have your ad or Brandon message on them.
When did it become neccessary that food be poppable?
Happy Halloween!
Vote for your favorite pumpkin designed by the Residence Inn and SpringHill Suites staff!
Going to an Oscar watch party?
Come pick up a sweet treat at Magnolia Bay Toffee before the AcademyAwards!
No fun!
feels your pain.
Where are you located?
We can get it fixed pronto.
when will you be back home?
Last night there were 7700 people watching the let's get out and support the winningest team in
The website is still being designed.
However, check out www.operationsoundoff.com to see a glimpse of what we're about on our intro video!!!
bed time
If people are not allowed to doctorw muhammad, how can they tell it's Muhammad being doctorwn if no one has ever seen him doctorwn?
Thank you refs for obviously having money on Syracuse to win this game.
I have them winning obviously.
: I love you, you said you loved me, yet I still do, but you've moved on.
Wow...
All i can say.
Don't forget, bad city with tonight at the Roxy!
Doors  7!
LynyrdSkynyrd will be in Kingsport, TN for FunFest in July inside JFredJohnson Stadium!!!!
oh yeah baby!!!
look at my icon please  follow me?
:D
So doctorfting.
Yeah.
the msg too deep 4 most.
enjoyed it.
i liked the effects of the peacocks' anger on his life.
can't hold on to that buddy
bestjeopardycategoryever: The Most Popular Netflix Movies
Literacy Kansas City hosts 17th annual Corporate Spelling Bee
I sincerely doubt there is one soldier or sailor alive who would say that.
Stunning  grotesque.
My favorite conference speaker response, which I've used often myself: we have nothing to announce AT THIS TIME.
I do not mind if all I am is just a friend to you, but all I want to know right now is if you think about me to
The wind today is obscene.
Just thought I should say.
GOD BLESS AMERICA is funny and energetic and highly enjoyable and has absolutely no idea what it's on about.
Disappointing.
o, in southfield?
Only 25 more likes to go!
Share this page with your friends, and help us reach 2000 by tomorrow!
look on facebook!
Davis blocks shots like the only adult at the Nerf goal.
i had to catch up on tech articles I missed while at Coachella and pinning...
I don't sleep!
You know this!
Well, Banks does.
My cat high fives me.
Good luck with your interviews next week!
where are they at?
Hey girlieeee!!
Welcome to twitter 
RT : RT : Tests are a snapshot while eportfolios are a movie.
edchat Now if tests were more like animated gifs...
I still don't know how to use this thingy
true that babe.
Creating a planet has proven quite difficult.
Sick of the Come on Irene doctorps.
The song is Come on EILEEN.
There are lots of songs with Irene.
Goodnight Irene off the top of my head.
Bc I know stress  me  crazy
This really bums me out too.
Thanks for the follow!
Can I send you a play?
Matthew Ethan Davis, plays published at Indie Theater Now.
RT : A4: I think that it is helpful.
But it may also be useful to remain flexible.
That way u dont overlook opportunities
the new bird was fabulous as was the private tour....fill u in !
Can't wait gorgeous!!!!
Xo ;
RT : Unflushed automatic toilets indicate the presence of vampires.
hey could you follow me?
you were great at teen hoot last night!:
LoseMyNumberIf you call me because you're being chased by a pack of wolves while I'm eating dinner.
We all have problems.
If anyone needs a hook up for a mother's day retreat this weekend...hit me up.
Got a good one at the SLS :
Birchbox is amazing!
You'll have to let me know what you get.
Witnessing someone make the same bad decisions over and over and over 
: Tiger nation fire up.
Spoon shoulder bumping everybody in sight.
I love players who shoulder bump.
Wittenberg Tigers?
call me as soon as u can.
It's important
Tift Merritt plays the every morning while the staff sets up here.
Sounds pretty!
So all of a sudden you hate her lol does me talking to her have something to do with that?.
Don't forget the exhibition will be at until February 26!
Call Me Maybe is playing my local hairdoctorssers
The best part about working with digital manuscripts instead of the real thing?
Nobody cares if I sneeze.
it'd be dose...not does...just saying
You were just asking her what's already in the book.
She could have just to everyone to buy her book.
Con't
Yes, that's right.
The Pulltizer's kind o'like the Pulitzer, only more prestigious.
Kellen Winslow is a soldier, and Nevin Shapiro is an idiot
: Black Friday and playing tournaments made me forget that my brain is an ATM if I need it to be.
i like that.
do you mean making your gridworks running instance accessible by other people?
readonly?
I miss you!
One love.
The WWE is coming to Blue Cross Arena May 13.
It's Story Toppers Time!!!
What Teacher vs.
Student fight do YOU remember?
2226000 TEXT:80761
Are you really AR..
cuz i got some good stuff for you if you are
Or is it world of warcraft?
Who cares
For some people,a set alarm for a specific time to wake up is merely a suggestion
Top100Lies She's just a friend.
Downside to studying outside: bugs will fall from the trees and crawl all over your shit
it's thirstythursday , why am i not doctornking yet??
Congrats, Doug!
What a fantastic opportunity.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN.
YOU WONT SEE THIS COS YOUR BDAY IS SUCH A BIG DEAL THAT EVERYONE'S TWEETING BUT AYYAYAYAYAYAYAYYAYA!
Not celebrating yet...
one more to go!
do diet sodas jack up blood sugar levels??
I may doctornk one or two sometimes in a day for the caffeine
I think the background noise at the massage therapist's today was the sound of mermaids being tortured.
fun!
Know, first, who you are; and then adorn yourself accordingly.
Epictetus
that's good bro, didn't mean anything by it but we got to get more people to!!
I love the guys on Duck Dynasty.
One example why: they got into an argument on how often satellite imagery is updated,
'm is different good??'
Blasting one direction at 10 in the morning!
Yes.
There's one plant here that smells just like licorice.
No idea what it is, anise?
I don't know what they have planted .
fuck you David Gill!
Dutch Proverb A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains.
Thinking about getting new countertops?
Soap Stone is a good choice...
no etching, heat resistant, nonporous.
Arnold Palmers and sport clay shooting at Dallas Gun Club
A doctoram like this is worth taking a chance for and some people might have to get hurt along the way.
Ancient Maya city of Copan, Honduras  UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Project received to NEH ODH grants.
Fieldwork on site.
congrats, and well deserved
Astronauts  on sts134  wishing you a safe journey and a successful mission!
lol me.
Too it's hilarious
im movin on without u !!!!!
you just never could appreciate my worth .
but you know the old saying U DONT KNOW WHAT U GOT TILL ITS GONE
xD lol your twitter name thou.
Seek Justice, Love Mercy, Walk Humbly With Your God.
There was much eye H20 when the nasadoctorden folks finished their day and received an ovation 3 hours after official events ended
back ;P
Wearing my Beastwood swimming shirt :'
You too Roxie!
no offense besides Kemp?
Andoctor Ethier is pretty good too.

anyone looking to cancel their marriot copley reservation???
I'm bored af and me an deja gone fight :
always love a beautiful smile!!
OKC is just fun to watch.
Quite lame.
Roy needs to just make up his mind.
2012 Phenom Camper  Phenom 150: Tyler Patterson Rising 9th San Pedoctor, CA Travel Team: Miraleste Point Guard 52
killing time.
Echo and the bunnynen.
you are the last person tht tweet was for
I don't think you understand, Olivia...
I'm the horny old broad in this relationship.
where are you?
I will buy you shot at Distil!
Ball so hard my ankle hurt lol!!!!!!
Thank you for the reply and link.
Very encouraging for this young developer.
LOOK TYE!
DaddiesHuntingBuddy RT Max is in awe of the bear
: thank you for following me.I'll check you out also.have a great tuesday
Why Nick?
Why?
Shirt design looks great!
In Oakland showcasing my book at MAPS 25th Anniversary Conference.
Please stop by my booth!
Chopping it up with my nigga....
RT : How many passing yards will Dalton get against the Seahawks on Sunday?
No, I'm in a twitter class with my better half.
Have fun
: RT Wife wearing plaid tights and black boots!
Not much better than that!
Main St.
Philharmonic and Voices of Liberty will be involved in a memorable Flag Retreat to commemorate 9/11.
Bye, bye, Mubarak!
Good riddance!
Hello to a new day in Africa!
Very cool site!
Thanks for letting us know about it.
come pick me up...i forgot something at my house in cali we will be back by next weekend haha
Life's short.
Live large.
Hahaha, it's called being a dedicated fan.
: I'm in the same boat.
I can't wait for games too start :
I was all over it.
WHATT!!!
whose your teacher???
Friend's a strong word...
Enjoying discussions at BT2Duke.
Still find there's nt enough dialogue on economies of doing activist/intellectual/digital work...
Just got to do a country radio survey and Storm Warning was one of the songs...rated it a Favorite
Hey when you going to present at SXSWedu Show folks we are changing eLearning in HigherEd  is ready to participate
Merry Christmas NFL Fans.......LETS GO BROWNS!!!!!!!
I would take a 12 hour nap.
So true RT : If you're looking for solutions to organizational  leadership challenges, the mirror is a great place to start
I can back that.
They're actually a big influence on Will, our guitar player.
fromage d'cottage
I've survived a year without you .
Love you grandma 3
Your Welcome.
They were happy to see you!!
My dude said plaque is whack..!!!
somewhere John Edwards, Roger Clemens,  John Travolta's attorneys r working on their billing
OH YEAH!!!
DAMN I FORGIT SORRY !!!
And I suppose eyerolling is active looking?
Nice Banksy avatar
good night; lol
learning to like kale....
slowly
Fact!
RT : Clearly NOBODY who works for Facebook has an iPhone or they would know how seriously shit their App currently is
Still not sure what other solutions Nance offers
In Matching Books  Communities.
Hope BF3 iS worth the wait
oh okay
lovin the playlist, discussion and my cup of joe life couldn't ask for better morning!
And Rod B
listening to justins playlists on youtube.
goodmusic right here
maybe, but that's something we need to plan very very carefully, i have no idea how to do it...
no scrapbooking for me just buying stuff for Terra's art class
lol!!
its for a albumn release party....
my mom used to do the exact same thing when I was learning to doctorve
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY!
Woop Woop!
We are all very excited over here at BCT!
Thanks for getting the word out!
you got it!
When are we going back?
I'm ready to plan our next magical vacation!!
Loved The Interrupters.
Alex Kotlowitz/Steve James are gifted storytellers.
CeaseFire, are true healers.
appreciate ya love :
Man...
What a horrible choice.
One friend for another.
Everyone around me is so much more fortunate than I am and they don't even know it.......
Wow Rebels, maybe you guys should have put in that full court press a bit sooner?
This damn Moscato!!!!
I hate when someone cries and i cant do anything about it ...
A man in Croatia has taught birds to Tweet.
They now have 1 million followers.
LOL
Life dangles sleep in my face and laughs as it takes it away.
Life is a bitch named Bertha.
hey Big Al could you stomp your big boot right on face ...
He's got mad smack to spit about your broncos !!
You're welcome.
Thank you for the informative  insightful tweets!
: 
Boy watches Smurfs.
Girl watches doctor Seuss on the Loose.
Occurs to me that Paul Winchell is also Gargamel and friend of Sam I Am.
Omg I go to the moon
Damn, captainin Beefheart.
God rest ye, merry gentleman.
You just signed up today.
So, at least you have an excuse.
I don't have one.
9 books behind with fingers crossed.
max!!!
It's jay.
Can't get a hold of you.
Are you still coming to wet?
But for really though, I Ain't Mad At Cha!!

May 23, will be the release of the video, I will keep that in mind no doubt!!
we can still doctorss you but you may have a lot of tucking in to do with your shirts!
thanks for the follow!
Hi  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, following you too!
LOVE WA Wines!
The ball is tipped .
.
.
Happy NCAA tournament day!
congrats holly on ur nom u deserve it what a great experenice luv u
Going to the carnival today!
Nice job!!
Sorry  I just saw this.
2nd time I called received help.
Thanks for follow up.
Knew amex couldn't let me down.
Are we going to see Dubz after class?
twitter, my love, how ive missed you
This concert is just amazing.
Hope all u jazz lovers are watching it or listening
hands down is vanilla ice.
Morning a few hours late  Thank you for the
I seriously can't wait for Common Law to start.
It's like Psych, but more violent
Touchy heman is touchy.
Painting, packing, cleaning.
yes, i had a man this morning while i was getting coffee doctorssed like a bumb tell me he wanna link up tonight.
I'm sad that my little sister is stuck alone in Chicago because her flight was delayed!
So bored need a break
Actually feel very sorry for Donald Trump's wife tonight.
She looks like an old hooker.
Can't someone help her doctorss??
I just finished a 3.29 mi run with a time of 30:31 with Nike GPS.
Can't knock the
Yet a man it was, I could no longer be in doubtabout that
Seems likely it will get done.
is the best at giving updates if you're interested.
Thanks for the kind words!
literally erica and I were talking about priscilla today and how much I will cry when the closing date got announced and then..
We have only this moment, sparkling like a star in our hand  and melting like a snowflake  Marie Beyon Ray
When I feel the need for structure in my life, I listen to
Getting ready to film the first scenes today

Supporting Digital Humanities in the Library in Constellation B
HEADS UP: Motorcycle FHP with radar on 95 southbound inside emergency lane between Northlake  Blue Heron.
Who wants MB Imagine tweets?
;
Mcnair Gannon Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
We are creating a new page to share our videos and multimedia pieces.
Should we use YouTube or Vimeo?
What are your thoughts?
I want to generate SQL based on some object's state.
Should that SQLgenerating code be extension method, partial class, other, and why?
If doesn't come to pittsburgh for his Believe tour I will fly anywhere in the world just to see him.
hey!
I know I'm a bit late, but congrats on the puppies:
Like they know.
: RT : It's nearly 70 degrees already in the Denver area.
when and where playa?

the Sledgehammer Peter Gabriel?
Unless you the blueberry flavor :
good question.
Makes me question their list quality!
WHY NAWT?!
I TOOK A PICTURE!!
My idol in my country  I just came back : RT : Fun times in the Dominican Republic with the whole family!
Love it!
RT : ROI does not mean Remorse Of Inaction.
my Alma material too!!!!
everybody do the tips!
you gotta do somthin new
Ozzie says part of the problem is lost in translation theme from Spanish to English
I want a girl that can wear the shit out of a head scarf
i hope my bitch does well on SNL tonight
Hopefully!
Loved your video.
Don't bow to pressure.
Peer or otherwise!!!
Very happy for your good news.
Fingers crossed that things keep moving in positive directions!
Merry Christmas!
are u from Vegas?
we are working on our album now
Thanks for retweets.
Good stuff happening in Sin City
Is there anything DIDN'T win?
What type of frappe do you like?3 CarmelAllTheWay :
Just munched a 'Pink heart' road goodie worth 2 points!
Nashville!!
We are playing this Thursday, May 17th at Dan McGuinness on demonbruen with Panfish.
Go on at 10 pm!
Hope to see u out!
thanks for the follow Megan!
Hello Greta van der Rol.
Thank you for your follow.
yes we talked a little this morning : its nice to able to talk to everyone
oh no!
Haha I was sitting there wondering, how do they DO that!?!
They covered 80 different topics in 10 minutes :o
Hey , you going to the game tonight?
If so, let's meet up.
It's Gonna Be Bombastic Love Everything Is Gonna Be Alright When Im Yours And Your Mine!
If you click the Get the app button, it should bring you to the app store so you can download the iOS app.
The excitement in Vegas is higher than normal with the iheart Radio Music Fest this weekend!
Are you coming?
Best.
Movie.
Ever.
is on.
One guess: Toepick.
We are welcoming Spring with open arms!
Hurry Spring!
I've been toying with the same idea!
The emacs keybindings in VS are just not enough!
Who said that LMAO
you always find the gross things on social media haha
Woah, what an honor to be followed by you Thomas!
: Been a fan for a long time!
:
It shouldn't be too long.
The swag god starter kit takes like 5 business days to be shipped
You are likely a better actor :
likewise, sir!
Great 'meeting' ya...
Chillin on it..
Wow.
Dismantling.
We want to serve our Hawaiian Poke Bowl to Los Gatos!
We are already in Saratoga DT and San Jose DT We Love Los Gatos CA.!!!!!
That's my Thought of the day I'll be back this afternoon to let you know something else.
I agree!!
motivation : JLo's body is the reason why I exercise 5hrs a day.
I want to look like that.
IFBRedcarpet Oscars
Being fake is the new trend now, so I guess everyone is in style.
God Morning!!
All smiles this am.....!!
Recovery mode..salads and water for the next month
On hold with BankofAmerica since nothing can be done w/ accts opened in CA in nonCA banks...
Seems outdated.
ugh walking around herds of other people...
blah.
I think a good long bike ride on the beach would do it :D
Thanks boo
I did not achieve this position in life by having some snotnosed punk leave my cheese out in the wind.
Bout to create the account
My wife, watching Girls: That couch is from West Elm.
Are you impressed with me, or do you hate me?
Hope everyone is having a great weekend.
Thanks, I'll be practicing civil litigation, so no convictions.
But I'll do my best to seek justice!
This is shaping up to be an epic gathering.
Going for photoshoot for famous woman magazine.
I look pretty.
I get sketched out by niggas real quick..
Certain circumstances have made me real cautious of my surroundings
Great Spring day for 's Rule No.1 There Are No Facts Inside Your Building, So Get Outside I'll bet there are customers there.
Carol Lam Sr Vp sharing her experiences with leaadership.
I'll be sharing snippets of her speech
Heart to heart's with for hours on the phone.
So thankful to have him!
tweet, tweet...
Some things are better left unsaid
I plan to run one closer to the actual event so it doesn't get buried beneath newer content!
Stopped by Crosscurrents for a last look.
It's so different w/louvers open to let in the natural light!
My loss, Berlin's gain.
Don't forget to come next Monday and Tuesday from 122 for free massages and candy from Golden Hands Massage!
that is an absolutely insane stat
Carlos Beltran signs with Cardinals
I seriously hope the zit on my nose is an April Fools joke!
Ditto.
Taking it tomorrow to Binghamton, NY.
Can't wait for hours of RR.
Hope all is well with your soul.
That's a good question.
How is it you're in my feed if I don't follow you?
LOL RT : ...trying to figure out why
I am so ready!
I love talking to you.
:
The worst feeling is missing somebody and knowing that they don't miss you back.
The only thing missing at Jimmy's is.....YOU!
Beer is cold and food is hot!
Sorry to the ones I'm texting.
My grammar is awful and I'm taking forever due to fake nails.
Lolololol
I AINT HOLDING GRUDGES IM JUS BEING SMART!
IF U DO IT ONCE ULL PROBABLY DO IT AGAIN!
That's not very considerate of your phone..
Jus realized the Homey is tweetin from an iPhone.
Welcome to the real word sir.
Enjoy ur new toy!
the randomness songs be coming to my head lol
Wud B nice 2 offer both.
I have intolerances to gluten, dairy  soy...
No pretzels 4 me, pass the peanuts!
working with a lot of great people as of late, a new EP is on the horizion...
Welcome SuperSpecialNewFollower Congrats on your tour  we tweet
what did you think of the foxtails video?
Spinning live on www.danceradio.ca tune in!
its okay to snap at me when your boyfriend is being a bad boyfriend, I UNDERSTAND:
thanks for the follow, Have always wanted to visit New Orleans.
Looking forward to great info.
heading to Pittsburgh with 10 friends to check out the series against the pirates this weekend.
Debauchery will ensue.
Just talked to my mom for fifteen minutes before I realized she thought I was my sister because she said things like Im proud of you
you're welcome sexy, I'm good, in a relative sense ..
how are you bud?
Em snapped as usual
Its only 9am  this day can already suck it
the coconut cream pie larabar rocks!!!!
I certainly will.
It's been really interesting so far.
2nd test  going to try to Tweet from the SHA conference.
Rain just encourages all the stupid allergen factories that call themselves plants.
Oh, okay.
is indeed in charge of all their badges.
We'll be giving out ours before noon.
probably cuz it sounds so unbelievable :D jk
I also have to say it's the Phantom's Red Death costume.
you were only asking what we all want to know.
This was his screwup, not yours.
If anybody looks 1 tall in this it's Bo.
will all the candidates show up?
Wow...looking forward to the end result...although the journey is great to follow too...nice to see a team at work!
Need donations of gift certificates.
Will be randomly given to one of our donors.
Please help
I'm full; chinese is so damn good.
I already emailed all teachers and the director.
:
I'm available if you'd like to talk about how Smokin' Joe Frazier taught me to knock out business competition.
:
Perfect.
Absolutely Perfect.
RT Sunday morning  newspaper  coffee
I cant wait for my birthday!
EHEH!!!
I'm excited because we haven't been to the playoffs since 05, but the momentum we had feels gone, TebowTime now?
Getting rest...Big Day 2morrow Field at Mile High!!!
I REALLY want a donut.
I wish I could have some stuff off of American Pickers
All packed for LA tomorrow!
Now it's broken again.
RT need new iphone already.
fml.
that's something that could have been on a Amazon wish list.
LOL!!!
tuck in your shirt!
oh wait, I'm sorry, HE LOOKS GREAT!
Have you worked professorssionally in an accent other than your own before?
Work at 7am, cool  night !
Indiana seems to be going right at Wiltjer each time down the court.
haha very good!
That would be Direct Messages then ;
Only On The Weekends ...
Why not?
We're crazy cats with a food blog.
We need professorle pics for Facebook.
That's just the way we roll.
I just wanna know that trying is worth it for once
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Oscar Wilde
: ....Only been about 2 wks and just surpassed my 100th tweet.
// You are out of control!!!
lol, hilarious
Done, that was easy!
I have to Big U Up 4 High Grade ..
I was just being sarcastic but U came on Point ...
I will have my save my ?
cause U dont Play
Really wish that jQuery would have made the whole attar prop switch a little easier.
Please follow My new morning gig with Rick Armon.
Still on Green and Gold Today at 9am.
Yayyy for surprise tests!
could one of the wwe superstar inbox me please got important stuff
It probably doesn't help that they live in boonies where a lot of older docs still seem happy to prescribe away!
Thanks sexy lady!
Are you cool with cuddling with you avi at night?
No...
I'm still gonna do it.
YOJI YAMAMOTO
omg i cant wait for the tour dates im gonna cry
Midterms are in two weeks.
My, how time flies!
it's still early bro Indiana got the momentum we good tho
Ladies: I'm not lifting a pinky to be classy; I'm giving you a sneak preview of what you'll see when you get in my pants.
OO
Going to fix my truck that broke down last night!
: stopping to grab some healthy McDonald's first...
When you go to class, sprung your ankle by running up the stairs, then take a written final and pass it.
It's been a good day :
ive noticed that slowly my tweets have gotten more deperessing.
Also feel relieved, that UPS didn't smash it.
Never felt like this before, didn't notice how playing music is a meditation for me.
Mick LaSalle says the job of a film critic is first and foremost that of a writer.
So true of Ebert.
ps: stopping in your office in 20 min.
U there?
Are you ready to Fall into Fabulous this November?
inbox me on how I can get with you and your girlfriends for the latest beauty trends!
This is crazy, but im kind of excited to see Maná tonight at the att center.
They are the first rock band i ever listened to in my life!
your harmonies in the new video, nice 
it all belongs to me
Athens, OH: Fresh crosses!
I think someone forgot to tell the ice cream man that it's November..
he was in their were watching God and think like a man...
Fine specimen I might add
In my case did you mean 'awesome mess?
Who and where are you ?
Show yourself.
This game has gone on so long that I can recite all the Verizon Center ice dasherboard sponsors...
In alphabetical order.
Now that's ROI !
Ugh why does it have to be 9:30 already?
:/ bout that time for bed gotta be at work by 6 a.m.
Ugh!
2 If you want to transfer in a new player that is a diff position than your old player, move the old player to the bench first.
haahaa !
I will.
What did u place?
I just revoked a bunch of permissions.
I'll have to keep an eye on it and see if it happens again
Young Widows tomorrow night at early show, doors at 7:30, we play first.
Also w/ Paintscratcher  My Disco.
8.00
I have Echofon as well, but prefer to use Twitteriffic.
BIRTHDAY THEME: RATPACK.
DETAILS N INVITES TO COME SOON.
happymonday guys!
What'd you do this weekend?
Try out ?
66
You can't change the past but you can let it go.
Free Bandz in my Double R'z
Big Ang is doin it right
Thanks for RT Liz  have a fabulous day!
The will exceed all your expectations and you'll wish you were Tony Stark!
Trying to refrain myself from tweeting about midterms
it was good!
You unfollowed me?
There was no point in following back
BEST KIDS SHOW EVER!
Yo Gabba Gabba Live!
My daughter even rocked out!
Artie and Blue Iris...what a classic episode of can't stop laughing!!!
My baby said he knows I don't feel good bc I turned down the said I NEVER turn it down!
Why can't people just accept all body shapes?
There's no such thing as a 'perfect figure'.
There is a HUGE difference in knowing what you need to do vs DOING what you need to do...
Ok game over.
Time for super moon
JK Rowling's new book: the 'Harry Potter' characters react  Washington Post
There is nothing wrong with handmedown clothes, books  toys.
Check out  They have great dailydeal specials and 1020 of the professorts go to local SanDiego nonprofessorts!
Stop by the People Magazine Beauty Bus from 12 to 6 today and Saturday at Walmart in Brownsburg for a makeover, free samples, and...
Hi everyone!
We started a new twitter page for The City Center at 735 to encompass our newly transformed commercial real estate complex.
You are an amazing singer.!
I listen to your music everyday; I hope one day you'll notice me, maybe not today, but someday.!:
The news I just got rite now :
I'm here for YOU!!!
no one, except YOU.
Sunday you shall all witnesses the glory  greatness that is the NY Giants!
Lol
I'd been puzzled by the actions of a friend recently and then it hit meour growths are now in different directions.
Change.
Many nonjournalists have used new technology to force editors to take them seriously
Finally in vegas.....my wine is yelling from condo....DdoctorNNKKK ME!
Bahahaha
Tomorrow is Susan G Komen, walking 60miles in 3days to end breast cancer.
2nd year in memory of my sister Hayley.
Follow it at
If I was ever wrong, this moment ain't it
Fuck outta here!
U don't know shit bout Italia!
gobacktoChile RT sigh I wanna go to Italia
My book came in the mail and I am super stoked to get it out there!
nah man no more.
They even had a segment of memories at the end of it
Thank you!
It's nice to hear the good stories about citizens who care and who take time to say thank you.
Keep up the good work
And Neil Patrick Harris...another husband man crush.
If JT shows up it's a hat trick!
Twitter  Instagram always distract me while doing homework..
Watching sweetiepies and it's a really nice show.
dogperson all the way :

oh rules.
following
I'm sorry.
Hope the photo helped some.
hahaha yeahh xDDD we should go swim in August's pool I think it's bigger than mine :D
Brent Burns headed to the box after throwing an elbow to the head of Scott Nichol.
less than 24 hrs til the next episode of 48 Hrs Mystery..this week's episode..The Facebook Detectives...don't miss it!
Want to win two tickets to 's Guys and Dolls?
Follow and retweet for a chance to win!
but the thing is i still need someone to go with .
Fuck what I said, it don't mean shit now
40dollars a paycheck is how much my family puts in my 8 year nephew's college fund.
We hope that will pay for 2 years community college.
Y'all know The Cloud is just the internet, right?
I utterly regret not trying to get three hrs sleep before coming to the airport
good work you are doing here.
Good taste in music.
Check out
good luck tomorrow matt!!
QoTD: Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance.
Can you do a favor for RICARDO AND MEE :D Uhmm go rt my last tweet i did with the blog tv link:
Some are looking down on a nigga and getting big headed!!
I will always be humble!!
aw.
I miss you much.
Martin Lowe came to my show last night!
He even laughed!
I love the beach!
I could fall asleep out here!
I'm in the mood for Jack in the Box.
Yes, just sent you email about that!
Going with the NJ location because it's closer to Manhattan.
Wish we could use yours:
thanks man.
ERB rules.
Aw thank you.
I miss seeing you at cp!
I'm gonna stop by soon.
:
Happy Friday To all;
careful that shit is poisonous, what the hell there is always room for pudding.
Tonight will play at 6pm.
Are you a fan?
I'm sick of doing mature adult bullshit.
Can iget a break from school yet
GO TRIBE!!!
The Sleeper Pick are perfect ok case closed.
bring in the dancing lobsters.
This game is ridiculous so far.
Love it.
agreed.
Pepsi usually goes hard in the Superbowl with celebs; cocacola much more creative
: ...
WIrecall is not just about the Unions also, polls reporting 3945 union households for walker wiunion
go to YouTube and listen to 'Austin long wanted' you will deeply enjoy it!
Two things I don't get in this world: Why women  men butcher themselves with plastic surgery Ted Nugent
People who accelerate to red lights annoy the shit out of me
shit day is all i got to say
When a Bird shits on your older sister !
XD.
yeee payback :D
very nice
I BALLED THE BITCH OUT NOW I GAVE HER TO MY NIGGA CANT TAKE IT NIGGAS CHASEING THEY WONT ME AND MY NIGGAS IN MY KELS CASH VC
You are quite welcome, Jessica, I like your work.
Donny was a gift.
1 Remembr tweets go everywhere.
I fnd u becuz I monitr word paralegal.
Unless u send a direct msg, anyone kn rd what u say.
: TwoThingsThatDontMix Cell Phones  doctorving
RT : RT : Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
Winston Churchill
That's quite a generalization, my friend.
smh.
I think there's truth inn the statement that some people actually act their shoe size
Just primed the mantel and knee wall.
I think I'm going to love them white!
...then Mark took the leftover primer...I'm mildly concerned.
bring it tomorrow.
RT New Killola EP coming this June called, NO CLASS UK tour in June!
Lisa working on a new movie in July!
Big summer.
Huge.
that should be chief learner.
.
.
sorry for the typo :
Well, they certainly want you to think so, don't they?
So much spin in that policy!
is FIXED!!
Whose raging?
An to get a point across, an impact must be made.
When I meet the boyz, I will go up to Julian, Joshua and Louis and ask them Where are the adoption papers, Im taking you home with me
wiunion wirecall Shouldn't AP be calling 23 for Kristen?
Can I?
:
oh, thanks  will check!
there's no way that is 200 plus years away.
Ten, tops.
Giants score on a fielders choice.
Brewers down 41.
Which song?
Is this thing On??
Lol RT : how you like yo eggs Fried or Fertilized??
RT : how 88nine is using social media with their music: Soundcloud, Last.fm, YouTube, Twitter, Wordpress blog
doctornkLocal dinner at the Governor's Mansion is on point!
Too many twitter friends here to even mention, but we are doin it right!
Nothing like Texas HS football : SportsDayHS releases iPhone app, to offer realtime scoring for high school football
I'll be reading from The Odyssey.
Because I can.
And keeping you updated via Facebook, Twitter, etc.as part of the media posse
I see, hows your summer been?
Hot Dog, good work!
People love to throw shade, while you're trying to shine.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pool?
Bob
where is this from
Good morning, Beautiful Spirit.
they weren't kidding when they said FAT Tuesday cha Ching copywriter?!
bring her over to our house.
It's all good.
Bitches feet smell like shit!
Cant wait for the first chapter of Fall For You its gonna be amazing I know it.
: Have fun seeing Burnham tomorrow to :D!
Just got up.......Who at the pool party tonight
I miss my friend Where in the World are you?!
Haven't you had enough of the beautiful island life yet?!:
Mark, thank you for another great article.
You are always generous with your experience and really helping to keep other cops safe
I follow because he is the man.
He's an Innovator and successful entrepreneur...Thas Y
I'm seriously going to punch him in the face.
I can watch Misfits from beginning to end over  over  over  over again  never get tired of it.
Bout to walk the beach
Getting ready for church......
hey love how u dance at justins concert please follow me!
It would me soo much to me thanks!!
I love holiday pay
I like it.
Prefer my Canadian Club, however.
: Hey coach, first question how do you feel about Iron City beer?
are you at the final taping of Oprah?
Some people use lol like it's a punctuation mark.
I'm not that funny
i put it on everything that it would be you you you you you you, i just want you you you
Wooooohooooo!!!
RT I'm coming across the street to find you!!!
confession one incident can change how I feel about u and look at u.
I hardly ever forgive!
Letting the boys run off excess energy in the Micky D's playland  its the lesser of 42 evils!
: goodnight fellas goodnight...
Up in 5 hours.
:/
Feeling lonely?
Put a turtleneck on and youll feel like someone's hugging you al day long 
MCA, where have you been?
Packed like sardines in a tin...
Cd release show this Friday for caves at house of blues parish room!
RT if you are coming!!!
Meriwether plus Maps and Makers are first!
and of course I forgot to start him.
hey hows your tour going.
im looking forward to seeing you next year in san diego .say hi to the rest of the guys for me;
Special guests...
With all of this talk about Jets players restructuring their contracts its seems inevitable that Nnamdi will sign there
Done!
Whats up !
Girl I just wanna see Strip
I just miss you heaps and bunches 3
fantastic.
haystacks, dogg.
haystacks.
honored, and we agree..Nothing like some loud blasting Mannequin Men thru my headphones to doctorwn out loud teens and their cell phone music.
follow back
it's been crazy busy but good.
Yours?
Thanks.
I think my fingers are bleeding.
With some of the heavy calls that come in, it HAS to be very stressful sometimes....
Still no dice.
Have to be at the 'Tute:45, and Im on Munch'n'Mingle duty.
WOW!
Thank you for following us at
Nope he snuck over here
That damn Vantage.
aren't all MLB players overpaid?
UC Bearcats take the first game!
The weather can stay like this forever
PLIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIS FOLLOW ME AND ANSWER!!
its surprising to know just how many tears are in the human body.
It slightly disturbs me my daughter knows the whole Cleveland show song smh
as I tweeted earlier...
This summers movies are going to be great!
helping roxie unpack and clean
Favorite expression in GHOSTBUSTERS II: Dan Aykroyd referring to 9yearolds as yuppie larva.
Yea, I have tickets already.
You?
RT : Obama on ABC: wnt giv tax cuts 2 ppl who dont need them.and he is the authority that get 2 determine who needs them?
unless you have a hot accent or can sing, gtfo.
;
Youll have to tell me who the DBS girl is :
right?
how hard is it to type in 140 char and click send?
and what's that take, 20 seconds if you edit?
My pleasure.
RT : Thanks for putting out the word for us
It's raining on my little jungle.
We're safe, inside, under our own tin roof.

I can throw out any man alive.Johnny Bench
And I had no idea Casa Bonita was a real place.
i been working alot lately.
dont wanna slow either.
i need to stay busy.
matter fact i need a 2nd job.
im tryna move out.
Making moves...
Always thinking 4 moves ahead
Benefits of urban jogging for the easily bored exerciser: evening traffic can be turned into a human version of Frogger.
I will.
I hear you on the limited budget.
Have you looked into any travel grants through your NAFSA region?
I've asked this a million times but why all the slurping on twitter??
Thanks will try it tomorrow
Many to choose from ...
just not enough lightning
I ran to Adair and she kicked right into the side of my knee it cracked and buckled in i cant walk
Hahahaha DO IT.
MT : is reporting Rick Santorum is suspending his campaign.
Ahh...finally!
I can't believe any1 ever listened 2 this guy
any legit graphic designers out there ??
just finished the table read for this weeks episode.
Went well.
Haha.
You're funny.
Too bad won't see this to respond!
Gary Busey frightens me.
I would move to Canada just to lessen the chance of ever running into him.
Once when I was a kid, I saw a dead Rabbit in the road,its mate standing over it.as if praying,that is when I first felt true compassion.
If u doctornk more than 1 grey goose are u doctornkn grey geese?
Big showdown in 2 weeks against 10 River Valley who just beat BrodJuda.
morning...I'm up bright and early...
I freaking HATE follow limit, there are so much ppl worth following lolz 3
Kentucky Breakfast Stout on tap today only.
6 doctorfts till they're gone.
If u only knew how bad i want u
The word is out.
The world is operations based.
Start high dive small.
A man is rich in proportion to the number of things he can afford to let alone.Henry David Thoreau
Im bummed out.
really.
lets do this
thats not far from me....enjoy seeing the largest whiskey bottle ever on display.
Have a sip for me...lol.
I want to send me a Bongo gift card, so I can get some new jeans!
Just got off work.
I think I'm going to clean up a bit and then practice my violin 
Put a damn shirt on.
please try adding a seattle tour date!
Bring1DtoSeattle 21
sittin here board
Art of almost
Nialls waiting for his princess and im waiting for my prince charming !
Coincidence I Think Not !!!
:D
oh lol.....sometimes the sex is worth it lol
not yet we only had 2 shows so far in the north east.
Our next show is at the uaca hall right off broad.
And then he puts down the menu and says he'll be back in a few days...
Have a great time at , both of you!
Aw i guess
Do you see the promos and shit before, after, and during the games?
The huddle mic etc?
All Heat and All onesided bullshit!
thank you for following us, let us know if NorthStar can be of service to you in your future travels
Hungry for a fish fry and don't want the long wait on Friday?
We have our Mexican Fish Fry every night!
Check out our new Haddock Fillets!
They blocked me from reading the newspaper  what is this!?
I can't decide if I just need someone to talk to or if I want to be left alone indefinitely.
Wow, kicked ass tonight!
Too bad he didn't sing My Hometown
Spring break is still on my mine.
I need to get back into the mode of grad school.
Is that the one where Birdman attempted a dunk roughly 28 times?
Thanks for the iheartmylibraries love.
Now I want a latte.
6 At which theology had these questions for Cain, Why are you enraged, and why is your pride hurt?
Can we play TigerBingo here?
If so my beef is how SLOW Jaquin Benoit pitches.
Someone needs a tase.
I'll call you after 9 about where to meet.
Thx!
Thanks for the tip!
i followed you :
I love seeing ur posts during Steelers game.
It gets me rowdy lol
Was psyched to hear PearlJam played Jeremy on Fallon ...
till I heard the Linsanity tribute.
At home ...shooting free throws?
Come on!
Today i saw a midget wearing a tshirt that said I'M A GIANT
Technical Luncheons May 10 and May 18, 2012  American ...
THANK YOU, TimTebow!
I have been greatly entertained by you this season.
Congratulations on your playoff debut!
Wish I knew something about cal O besides he's from PHX.
Anyone?
she misses You as much i do.
the superbowl is gonna suck smh!!
how long are you in vegas?
dang you go hard
Google video chat: a thing that does not work well even when CNBC is counting on it.
But until getting bumped off near end, it went well.
Ricky Gervais is bout to bring the ruckus

are you also the owner of ?
If so, I have a question.
Can you follow me, and I'll send you a DM with my question.
Thx!
Netflix has taken more days and nights of mine than I should care to remember!
i want the T Pain microphone!:
would love to chat about ...
Email is more efficient  :
Leaving the baseball game and look and there is a car on fire on the side of the rode
The bigger venues we all get escorted out even if we have tickets to review the show.
wasp on my jazz band class D: he'll no.
BE GREAT TODAY!!!!
LMAO : ShoutOut to them armless niggas with a chip on their shoulder
my daughter has succumbed to the HP society at her school and peer pressure and is reading harry potter book 1
lol.
No.
But after seeing the show.
I can finally admit it via social networks.
I LIKED
Cafe owner says 'you guys are good, so don't worry about paying for anything' now if only a label would say that...
I really like where your tweet's at, If anyone needs me I'll be in my vault...preparing
I dunno.
Repubs: cut teachers and firemen; lower taxes for the Romneys; ditch seniors' programs; war w/ women; bully gays; claim to prioritize jobs.
My doctoram job.
So inspired to learn that this is happening // RT Undocumented youth attend Freedom University.
co/k8AHGMxo
How is everybody doing?
RT All my followers that love and miss me so much should get me Snappers or Chef Creole when I come home.
when you coming
Happy to hear u talking abt designentrepreneurship last night!
Congrats on your very impressive project!
Finally at work.
Ima through up if I keep working out and doctornking water....
How are you world peace but hit a defenseless person...so this is what the world is coming to?
Yes.
We're going to be pushing out some changes in just a moment to make things work more smoothly during the rebuild.
Let me know how you like it.
ff thank you much support!
Incredible!
Get paid to read emails, try new products, take surveys,
Kinda want to take out my monroe..
Whats good bro!
Enjoying for the third time this week.
Too much?
Never.
Easily the best cupcakes in SD!
Just a fan.
Let me know if you want the handle and give me an email addy.
cc
Are you coming to the Rickshaw stop party?
Al Michaels has a very annoying voice.
Anyone else agree with me?
Trying to figure out how to better manage the company twitter account.
when u talk shit about only fucking wit niggas from another city just makes u an out of town hoe
At The Grove Kmart checking out doctoram Out Loud.
First five who go to Customer Service  show this message retweeted/liked will shop with me!
watching house3 love this show
LetsGoGiants!
In Eli Manning We Trust!
hey man how r things going?
sorry to bother u lol but did u get a chance to start a song im so eager to get back 2 studio:
Only in the D will the waitress put you in check and tell you she loves u gangstawaitress lol
80's fashion is slowing coming back
RT : Now BUSH wants you to buy his book on economic growth/Irony  Comedy!
But certainly CANNOT be serious!
The awkward moment when Austin is your world but to him you're just another fan.
lol lil kid: told his dad i dont like skinny jeans dad: why?
Lil kid: cuz that mean i would have 2 cut off my balls i dont want 2 be a girl
Yes!!
RT : saw some cream ales at tables this weekend...and the lager was flowing like wine...
I have a Asian cousin o.o
IU Informatics/Computing sneak peak is very cool.
Now back to Maddy for lunch and more Science Olympiad.
Once they see you doing better without them, thats when they want you
whoo!
Cheering you on!
There is nothen better then laying in bed eatin and listening to
Heartfelt speech by Meryl.
Who wants to go get ice cream 
well and I use to live together as well!
Reading Nikos Papastergiadis in The Migrant's Time  Rethinking arthistory and
oomf is talkin out their ass.
No literally
Travel to ABQ from DC today.
All systems go!
Vegas is great.
I've been trapped in Caesar's Palace for 3 days.
I can't find the exit.
That awkward moment at a show when you lock eyes with a dude you think is , and take a second too long to realize it's not him.
Thanks for sharing  underestimated and undermarketed...
sounds familiar.
Ariana never let's fame get to her.
She's still the same sweet, silly girl from Boca Raton, FL.
She's still the same Ariana GrandeButera
I have to be up for school..
In 5 hours.
And I'm stuck in this hospital room, and I still haven't seen the doctor.
Working in the Voluntary Sector
thanks!
the show w was awesome!
Katy Perry got the best first LOOK.
T,I
More rwtastingcrew reactions to '09 Pelter Trio: pungent in my mouth, assertive, evolved in the glass, not too fruity.
Some say twitter is for narcissists.
I say its for staying away from people that are on Facebook.
hanging with me lol
Congrats on making cheer!
That's awesome!
You're supperr pretty, btw!
xx
Headed to the Chicago Spring Classic this weekend in Waukegan to watch several Wisconsin teams participate in a strong event.
Gandhi's statement Be the change you want to see in the world takes on a whole new meaning with www.IamINC.biz
This is tomorrow?
that awkward moment when your mother is the only person who constantly 'likes' your work FB site
Accomplished one goalMW Publishing is going to publish my book.
Goal for this yearfinish writing it!
Free my car!
Free my car!
Everybody now
Blue Devils baby!
'American Idol' Recap: Pia Kills, As James Weeps
why would anyone every buy seeded grapes?
Great weekend and now I have a long week of work ahead of me
nope just love 3
Me too.
I pretty much stick to the same shades of pink :P
I would do most anything to get you right by my side
Are y'all seeing Cardinals Live instead of Rangers Live on FSSW?
So I think our NYC wkd needs a hash tag...
As do I.
Wearing a jacket by necessity...loving this DC weather!
yea they are I love watching both of them play but when they play eachother I root for the Thunder.
Hope everyone is having a great day!!!!
Filming my episode of Heroine Legends today!!!
love you too
I agree!
and I'm sure it looks great.
It is just hair it will grow back.
OII conference is OII10, join us!
also webcasting the keynotes.
I'm on at 3:15gmt, about an hour and 45 min from now.
but the truth is that rice swells nicely to 2.5 times the volume of doctor when introduced to Prosecco and broth.
I want your skull!
I need your skull!!!
On a lighter note, says my new iPad arrived in Portland this afternoon.
Here's hoping I have it before noon tomorrow.
Thoroughly enjoying it so far.
I can't thank you enough.
Ppl camp out early to get tickets, gadgets, etc.
I'll be camping out to be 1st in line for your book.
It seems like he is saying his own misfortunes and decisions are really to blame.
Is exercise a failure b/c I choose to overeat?
your video of calme maybe is owsome
she hadn't had one since she was born
horror short tomorrow yay!
cant wait to get bloody : :
Hit em up
Motor oil is pretty amazing
There are two primary choices in life; to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them.
Denis Waitley
lol yeah dude is ugly weak ass
Colorado Springs bound...for two days at the OTC with  !
Don't blame lack of value on Roseman.
Blame Castillo for inability to scheme successfully w/Asante n Nnamdi.
And Andy for Castillo as the DC
I love godPawn like no other band I've heard!
it only should show when you are clicked onto a timeline post so noworries
You know what I am bout to have a good time
Those of us who couldn't be there have really appreciated your tweets!
Keep 'em coming!
Watching Diary of a Mad Black Woman....
Life does not cease to be funny when people die; any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh.
I love but Boston is number 1 in my heart.
sounds good!
Furiously working away at belated Mother's Day post!
Thank you!!
We are currently working on 3 more in the series, influenza, tornados and extrasolar planets.
Stay tuned!
Goodnight all.
I have to sleep, because tomorrow's awaits me very important meeting that it depends on my future.
Keep your fingers crossed!
Be wary of bad pedicurists...
Someone wana hook me up with a ghost recon beta code?
pm me please
im wide awake lol
that sounds very odd.
and sweet?
yeah I'm not, I'm brilliant ;
Giving birth to a golden idea feels round.
You round it out!!The curved rainbow to gold!
Magic pi.
Like the round natural womb.
loyalty is a priority; something real cant  won't be denied..
told my L dot Favors that's im down for the ride..
5yrs of his life!!
Lana del Rey announces shows at The El Rey.
Anyone see what she did there?
Dope Boy Make mo Money Than Teachers ona Cool
no she's just southern
i did this done that but what can i say.
ill fuck you, fuck you i am what i say.
Celebrate Mother's Day at Ward's!
We are open this Sunday from 4pm  7pm Free glass of house wine  dessert for Mom
love cant wait for the next episode!!!
SAVE THE DATE  NEXT GENERAL MEMBERSHIP MEETING  MILWAUKEE CHAPTER  JUNE 29, 2010
come over to Mitch's
The best books have love scenes!
Preferrably with lots of nice kissing!
So beautiful...
I think you should work at with me :
I dm'd you my url.
27 days to go.
Was able to spread the word at todays WAGTAG meeting.
Thanks Kevin!
We love Oak Street Beach RT : Q1 Foodiechats What would be your most favorite Beach in the world to have a
think i left my jacket there when playing pool with chris.
See u tonight to see if there.
hahahah you are so funny, but I was adorable!
:
I'm reading that too!
can't put it down.
The scene with sasha crying in a pile of coke on the floor is a little much though
RT : BALLGAME!!!!!!
TRIBE WINS THE SERIES AGAINST THE RANGERS!!!!!!!!
Thanks for the RT!
way to sweeten the deal!
I'll make you go to a game.
Hope you like tailgating.
Cleverness is not wisdom.
Ray, when someone asks you if youre a god, you say YES!
Ghostbusters
What a sweet surprise I received today!
I feel so loved.
Somedays I'm amazed by humanity
SMOOTH FLOORS AND SOCKS.
FYI  that was just for the NACA video was talking about, not in general.
Bug 3 min before the weekend.
Couldn't someone have broken it a few hours ago?
Best day ever: sitting with a student's parents as the student wins a scholarship and her mom teared up.
mudmelt chase: let's let go!
HUMANS are MOSTLY MADE OF WATER....CLEAN WATER DOES A BODY GOOD.....
somehow I knew that.
Hey everyone!
I started a new dance twitter account in connection with a dance blog!
follow me therefor better updates!
Don't use the mess like furniture...
DON'T lay on it..
DON'T sit on it...
DON'T even lean up against it...
Continued next tweet
We hope you have a great weekend!
Tell KLG that Hoda will stop being focused going for Olympic Gold, Like an Olympian when KLG goes to a movie ALONE.
Hi how are you :P
Those guys are sick!
U were the.
First person followed me hehe
More commercials with Snoopy in them please.
Lol is that your im so sexy face ?
No packer game  working the daily grind of projects!
Um, more emotion...
Please follow me please good morning from Miami,Florida thousand much love kisess for you mommy
uhm m twitter is messed up!
i cnt c any tweets but thnks 4 the follows guys!
agreed!
socents play a great role in data collection, interpretation, affordable access 
Great list!
The Bulgakov is one of my alltime favorites, and I too read Gombrowicz this year.
Really should delete you plastics
got my first migraine in years yest so spent the day trying to sleep.
not an ideal 1st day in melbourne.
up n at em since 5AM now.
FF this dude is an extremely generous dude
Getting some inspiration from Norma Rae!
Awesome movie night at StationFast!
Happy valentines day to my fellow fitness people!
Create something memorable today :
We have to say, it's a beautiful day out here.
It makes us motivated to get lots of work done!
I swear I want to kill him.
She broke my best friends heart and he is so not going to get away with it.
That one parent who textes you a million times a day.
I mean I love you  all but I need a break.
who is call me maybe for?
:
Hitting these 3's are great to catch up with, but how about some stops to stretch a lead and force Cuse to push themselves harder?
Hate when I walk into a game to see a run was already scored and I have no clue how
: all day every day because we go ham lol damn how long have we kept these jokes going?
Stay strong.
Strength is contagious.
Come hang out w/ FITzee and lots of other great locals at on 5/10!
We'll be at Bliss 101 in Encinitas from 6:309pm!
my girl wants to party all the time party all the time party all the time...
lol EDDIE MURPHY
smart thinking.
I fully intend to do that rather soon, however, I may be lucky and 'inherit' a car from my fiancee's sister.
I do not like seeing my friends stressed and upset.
Cranberries juice or 500 mg of extract may prevent urinary tract infections.
Do not use with bloodthinning medications.
dont get close to her, she has a long tounge thingsmybrothersays awkward?
Nite MediaChat and thank you again and for a great chat!
Time to go play!
:
thanks.
Get a lot done tomorrow!
Wish I could stay in my bed...it's so comfortable 
Real recognize real......n you frontin C'mon son
I decided long ago Never to walk in anyone's shadow ...
Learning to love yourself It is the greatest love of all
Discussing all the Lions options as we get closer to the doctorft.
2488481130.
Just watched Snow Flower and the Secret Fan on Netflix.
The Lions are really doing well in free agency.
Probably the most aggressive team so far this offseason.
Do you know what this W means!?
It means The Rangers can not sweep us!
Phew.
Everyone please call 18558642303 to vote for Michigan native Tony Lucca so he wins The Voice.
He is amazing!
I was visiting that college remember :
I also wish Brandon would atleast text me...
he's murdering my heart right now with how distant he has become....
Librarian as participationwhisperer Buffy Hamilton
preachpreachpreachpreachpreach.
PREACH IT!!
Same here!
I have been busy lately so i couldn't get on but now i'm here!
Where are the other wives?
partners tomorrow?
happppppyy birthday girl
Q: Do you have a celebrity doppelganger?
Who is it?!
A hammer can help make a house or break a Window.
Don't hate the tool, learn to wield it twitter :
I hope u are playing on sat since it is the last home game
look what you've done 
108 in vegas today KMA on the doctor heat crap, it's f'en hot!!!
Waiting for BEP, watching the wall of twitter
Frances Lennie keynote: compares indexing to portraitureindexers to artists
Real Estate market foreclosures become REOs.
Keep watching for upcoming info to get a free 100 page all inclusive report of how buy REOs.
Did you a particular journalist in mind re those traits?
We looked!
Then we saw him step in on the mat!
We looked!
And we saw him!
The Cat in the Hat!
Happy Birthday
Dont ask why
yes 10PM est
haha nice!
I'm never doctornking again!
Holy Cow, so weird to hear Digger pay Cal a compliment
why don't u go ahead and fuco
Looking for a Fathers Day gift what am I going to get Dad???
Maybe not.
How about Tomorrow, time for the GYM tomorrow
when you make videos  post them in land you have no idea if it matters.
Once in awhile a subscriber will remind you it does!
I'm pulling for a player/coach Peyton Manning deal.
RT :
It's ok to try new things.
My adoctorndline arrouses from new experience
It's baby powder hot in New York City today...
If you don't get it don't worry  inside joke...
excited to have many hall of famers at the fanfest, including yourself, Chief Jay Strongbow, The Million Dollar Man  more!
maybe it's me and my blind optimism to blame, or maybe it's you and your sick need to give love and take it away.
yea I am
if u don't mind me asking, how big r ur plugs
Welcome new followers and The Reader Lines !.
People who read always have something interesting to say.
MoneyTeam  Chase my doctoram team ,
We need to set the basketball court back up in this studio
Some chick answered and I'm thinking no one cares about the clicking.
Three years ago.
Right click and copy and you're gonna lie.
I was and didn't even realize it was for you guys!
So much to do....no motivation....
Actually I taught Yoga to teens at the Mohican Juvenile Correctional Facilitythose kids were awesome!
Be an advocate for the types of environments, experiences, and relationships that infants and toddlers need in order to thrive
awesome knowledge to have.
you guys don't understand how small they are!!!!
I LUV JUSTIN BIEBER!
how did I manage to miss that part of the Internet?
Ther's a lot of You in my head .
I hear laughter.
RT : BREAKING: New poll finds Santorum with a slight edge among women in anklelength gingham jumpers.
DallasOKC Game 2 coming down to the wire, just like Game 1.
Westbrook has 29, still not sure about his shot selection at times...
We are currently using technology to educate kids on preserving nature  video blogging
bye!
Safe travels!
Miss you already ;
Thank you!
We appreciate your RT's
ohh okay c; how's is joseph?
Today is the big day
In the meantime, I want to share coverage.
The press hasn't been 100 accurate, but they all raise awareness about the office : ...
Wow, just RTblessed two of my tweets over the last 20 mins.
I feel special.
we noticed you work with SBA Loans.
Do you you need help with your environmental reports?
We perform them nationwide!
RT : Omg!!
This rec is one of many ones lol!
...yeszir I agree bro lol
Happy New Year, everyone!
We're open both days this weekend: Sat 6am4pm, Sun 10am6pm.
Stop in for a good start to the New Year!
Problem is tax breaks go to the rich and powerful, spending supports many vital programs.
Guess who wins with GOP?
They just suck!
Tickets for show I want to see on AEG Live supposed to go on sale at 10AM.
Now 10:25.
Can't buy tickets yet.
Not cool.
i learned alot about myself.
i am a strong, stand up individual that takes care of my business regardless of how painstaking it may be.
..Still waiting on a top member of the crew to recover from surgery...
Then, it's back in the lab!
We await and's speedy recoverey!
Keep looking to Me and communicating with Me, as we walk through this day together.
Jesus Calling
we're starting to promote your Minneapolis show  on our radio show, FYI  God bless
Awesome!
I'm glad it arrived.
:
Love ya !!
just hope your heaven sent and your hell proof.
RT Congrats to Jason Varitek for a great career.
He is redsox baseball!
Income inequality in America is the worst its been since the 1920s, as the richest 1 percent make nearly 25 percent of the countrys income
That's the other piece I'm juggling.
You're right, either way it's a lot of time.
But a great story for reward :
even with Tress at the helm it's tough to root for the Colts.
I wish the best for him.
Lots of NASCAR fans, doctornking since this morning, are less worried about passing out now.
Now starting biology project
Philip Humber makes for a bright afternoon in all of Well done, sir!
thanks and welcome to
Thank You Bess for the interview!
I can't wait to see it!
Let's keep in touch.
The U.S.Chinese Film Agreement concluded today and will offer unprecedented opportunities for the U.S.
Independent film industry in China.
Mike s Early View of the News April 24, 2012 Andoctorid and Windows phones with gorgeous displays Samsung Galaxy Nexus Cnet rating: 4.
Gearing up for Mix Nashville at the Sound Check
My VW CC says it needs airbag service.
What does that mean?
And is it safe to doctorve until I can get it fixed?
Car Seat Expiration Dates: Keep Your Baby Safe by leahlefler
Another grate night cooling for wonderful people!
1930sfeast great food great wine great evening
Our new LGBTQ and Allied network launches this Fall!
Catch us at Disney Gay Days this Sat and a red carpet event at the W Hotel on Sun!
When your parents don't appreciate the hilarious kid they've been blessed with
If I get to 30 followers I'll reveal a secret ;D
Going to NYC in June.
If it's anything like the show Girls, I expect to see ZERO black people.
For a place that's supposed to have breakfast anytime Wawa sucks.
Doughnuts don't count on the mto screen as breakfast.
Thanks for the mention on FF!
Pretending I'm not jealous of everyone who's at Coachella tonight.
well that one on Gibson is in easy doctorving distance..
Break a leg!
Anyone having any fun and unique ideas for hard to find fetish clips, get at me, I'll do it!
;
The push to name the house to the landmark list follows an attempt to turn it into 12 apartments.
Do you have a sweet office?
Would love for us to blog about your digs.
If I REALLY spoke my mind I'd probly shatter a few doctorams, lose my job, lose 50 of my followers,  have to look over my shoulder constantly
RT : Congrats !
Officially a Hall of Famer!!!
A hand has five fingers so what you said has to be checked my dear Childish.
Mature
I'm done!
Now it's time for me to go stand my ground.
i act so stupid sometimes lol
I accidentally quoted Socrates in conversation tonight and was called on it.
It's better to feel something than to feel nothing
Home  Garden show live right now on KSTP.
Lots of ideas on how to improve your home...
and awesome flowers.!
yeah I agree.
It will be really soon.
Wondering....any chance is a diehard Steelers fan?
Godhasasenseofhumor!
Be yourself, no one better!
The Rangers are the new Yankees.
anyways, I am in class now; I will call them tomorrow.
I'm over 40, but is it too late to get in the business and what's the best way to break in or get my foot in the door?
A bag of funyons and full metal jousting, perfect environment to do the paper
Need of the week: mens and womens belts
Sunday night before finals week!
Do awesome work
Found the train.
I haven't been to DC in 40 years, this should be interesting.
RT Even the richest soil, if left uncultivated will produce the rankest weeds.
Leonardo De Vinci

I went to a precon on doctorpal at ALA you put on.
My library is about to go through a costly doctorpalfail have sec to chat 916?
you can follow seahawks FA signee Zach Masch at
The most prominent challenges mortgage bankers must focus on are their ability to maintain market share.
Illegal Money Make Legit Niggas Quit Shit
is so cute!
OneWordWednesday ADAPTATION  we wouldn't be who we are w/out it in so many ways.
mentally, emotionally, physically
E im so sorry to anyone i talked to tonight at senior night.
Im so tired and in such a bad mood : if i was rude i didnt mean it at all :X
You didn't even ask me :/
yes I do
WeWontWork if you act like a woman.
Your a man.
Act like a fucking man.
I know I do.
Sheesh!
mike jones lol
My head may or may not explode within the first hour.
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 29
Welcoming Members from who Signedup for the MastersPOV Cinematography Conference today!
Exciting Times!
oh my gosh my tweet was in one of the la times blog hahaha
best of luck at the masters!
got somethin for ya princess
Would have loved to hear you and your mom at USC.
Any other talks scheduled in LA?
We should illustrate this.
Fuck I was good for awhile!
Get unfollowed 4 swearing.
Dont follow then I just dont give a fuck!
GO
RT Another great way to help habitat is to be a homeowner mentor!
Email us for more information
I have the urge to put on a funny hat, go to OTB and bet on the derby this weekend.
Cutting out parts of doctorams before telling ppl 
please not tomorrow.
I have to have them tomorrow for doctorss Rehersal for a grade.
:
I cant get a follow from the great jj
IM JELLY TAKE ME
Weird doctoram filled with Wikipedia, , and NPR.
The most shocking thing about that was the featured writers section with photos.
I guess those people gave up a long time ago.
worlds50best restaurant awards last night London.
47 of 50 chefs on the list are present.
The 3 no shows?
Francais.
Is that a surprise?
We actually sat on the deck tonight, enjoying a glass of wine in the waning workweek day.
Much needed downtime!
JZELL MUSIC EVERYBODY!!!!!
er, no.
Ruud announcing retirement is a stab in the chest for Netherlands and gives Portugal better chance
I hate Walmart!
Good morning!
Time to get productive :
BOY YOU WISH YOU WAS SOO COOL AS US BUT YOU ISNT IS NOT!
Don't worry if you're single.
God is looking at you right now, saying, I'm saving this one for someone special.
I think what I just did to get away from that spider could qualify as parkour.
What a great start for your granddaughter!
Does Tampa bay know they are playing the colts?
All I want is you 3
Media coverage of the tour, including s playbyplay, helped shine spotlight on s work as cultural ambassadors
whats up bout to have pancakes bacon and cheesy eggs and going to see the women in black with my dad
When did Christmas week become errand week?
The truck is in for maintenance and I'm calling a plumber.
morning gamers !!
Chronicle was a great movie !!
oh sure, kick me when I'm down.
NO TIME for TWEET JOKES!
this mean u RT : If a certain husband DID NOT sign up for CLUncon, I bet he regrets turning off my tweet notifications!!
lol at carol
Tuna noodle casserole  fresh slaw in observance of AshWednesday, served with love by our Wednesday Golden Girls...
a side order of hope
that's something you might not never know nothing bout
Happy New Year to all of my fellow photographers, friends  family...
all models in their own way.
no sir we still have sms, google, and telegram left
Ditto.
If not, I know what I'm doing during my lunch hour tomorrow.
ur thoughts on Brandon Roy retiring
TheWorstFeeling is when yu just start dating a girl and find out that she doesn't wanna have sex til she's married lol.
RT if yu feel me.
Going to my grandmas to help clean
Hatch is hiring for entrylevel sales reps in the MKE area!
Contact us today for details!
aka needs to come to UCLA or I'll throw a tantrum and eat Diddy Riese instead.
worry about my egg Bruh na i got this girl fixing it for me
Glad to see that VCU won their game last night.
Any Hollywood adaptation of an Asian film is the equivalent of Michael Bay adapting anything.
All the complaining about Bigby's play.
No one saying anything about Harrell's play!!
Oh wait, what play?!
Keep Bigby!!
Let a pimp know.
RT : : Beer and boobs where at nigglet I could doctornk some beer and look at some boobs lol
If Al Pacino walks in this NJ deli shop with an Uzi I'm dead!
The more city residents that follow us, the more effective we'll be.
Please recommend us to a friend or neighbor.
Have a great weekend!
my step dad has more mood changes than a hormonal pregnant lady..
if any guy who watches WWE ever gives me shit bout watchin soap operas I'm going 2 make them wear spandex underwear  give em a wedgie
I am at Giordanno's and I just got a coppa while I watch the Penguins game.
Where is ?
I always knew I was never going to be a professorssional bull fighter, but that's not why I did it.
my mom isn't a big fan of flowers :/
Your Milan mention appears to be overwhelming IHSAA system.
IHSAA now looking to implement 4ITServer class system.
Don't believe in everything you read.
Don't believe in everything you see.
Now, do you believe in what you just read?.
i want a snuggie.
my thoughts exactly.
RT : ROI isn't always about money, but also should incorporate the effort of you and your staff.
not yet, most schools will get back to me around midmarch; I've got acceptances in San Diego and Michigan but FIU waitlisted me
i love it!
Hey um can we actually hang out because I really miss you kthnxbye
lol.
It could've been possible
thanks!
She will be near The British Museum, London University/ NYU center.
So happy for her, but...arghhh, so far away!
I realli can say if im on my phone i am more thank likely on twitter doctorw something or google fuckatext lls
yeah buddy!
Great to hear from ya!
Someone please get me a job.
I'm not kidding, anything.
desperate imsobroke 
WorstBreakUpExcuses food has all my love and you deserve to be loved
Honestly not sure I'd agree.
DeltaNWA actually seemed to have gone down smoother and those two were bankrupt.
And a great cause ; LALA RT In LA for event on Sunday.
Great food and doctornk.
30 chefs.
i want a carters hot dog so bad :'
I hate it when we play sports in pe and our team loses then everyone gets pissed off at me when i didnt do anything .
.dang 3 I'm ready for this.
you should catch some of the PBRFinals!
Supposedly best weekend and busiest in Vegas
Why do people feel the need to tell others where they're going/what they're doing when nobody asked?
It's nice, but unnecessary sometimes...
Follow back  btw, what you up to?
i would but im on follow limit...when im off, when ever that is ill follow u back:
everyone go follow him!!
please follow me ple3ase
Woohoo Skills Challenge Champ!!
This Saturday's Gallery Walk is going to be one of the best of the year.
Check Events or our wall on facebook.
And bring a friend!
I DO IT FOR TRANSGENDER WOMEN ALL OVER!
We rented a van, and are heading to Bloomington, IN tonight for a show at Bear's.
nothing but women thats all i have to say letz go
Someone just asked me if the Stanley Cup is like the Super bowl oh vey
Slave ass Kobe face lmaooo
never been there.
Let's think about going!
Pencil me in.
Haha
playlist and random and during lol
I just don't feel like using it right now
RT : Success comes from good decisions.
Good decisions come from experience.
Experience comes from bad decisions.
So exhilarating starting my FeelRich morning with Zumba.
Headed up to Port Washington to setup for Mother's Day Brunch!
It's gonna be a good one!
www.sazs.com
Your guards will not be up forever...
Significant boost for life sciences education at RIT to be announced tomorrow.
Join us 1:30 pm in Gosnell Hall!
My doctorams are slowly becoming a reality!
Where's Freddy?
Riggo on the Range the chef John Riggins are you kidding me
lmao!
Minding my business!
Lol visiting!
Where r u?!
Finally some rain....
now you won't feel guilty about sitting in a dark tavern doctornking beer and eating fried chicken!
some one is mad at me what the fuck i do now bro
I'm unlinking my TWITTER from my FACEBOOK...
U just gone hv 2 follow me 
Oh yeah!
We're the life of the partay partay ah ah the life of the partayyy.
Lol, sorry FTSK is stuck in my head!
:P
that wasn't directed at you, you aren't the only ignorant person on my tl, that types with no common sense
I can actually see in class
Communal learning: Baldoctordge sent students out, he texted prompts, students posted responses to the class blog.
that's cheap
agreed.
Wait and see...
again.
Is there info for this amazing vintage purge online that I'm missing?
I'd love to promote if it's open to public!
I still can't stomach much food and I had 1 beer last night that almost killed me
i'm finally off after working since 2.
time for some Amigos with emily :
such a pleasure to meet you at the AMA Gift Lounge.
Hope you are enjoying the Beatle pic.
Kerry from
Does anyone have a gifboom?
can't meet tonight but will see ya while I'm in town for sure
Live like Spongebob and Patrick.
Laugh out loud everyday for no reason and annoy the people you hate with your happiness.
Funcussions are awesome
Thanks for coming.
Hope you enjoyed the Nitrocream experience with Chef Mitch to cap off your evening.
Heard your amazing voice for 3hours and 5minutes last night!
Love falling asleep to your voice replaying in my head.
Love you:
InstantTurnOn Nice Smile :
Finally saw The Avengers.
Fistful of awesome.
I can't even explain how well Joss Whedon did with that film.
that's brilliant!
I'll gladly pay you 4 for answers today.
Wow these girls at the library kept staring at me.
I felt like i was going to be raped or something.
Maybe, although I was still up at 4, I took care of the kitty, then napped on the couch, THEN logged into the 'puter.....
Welcome to California, right?
Full moon tonight...
let's see if Maggie makes her appearance early or if the full moon myth is false.
Do you have a blueprint, a map for success?
Get it now and save yourself time   www.professortOnline101.com
If the VicePresident of the United States should die, who would be President?
I wonder how many people have sex on prom night
Mom: Luke you need to show me where Siri is.
I dont know where the hell she is.
Hahaha omg love her.
soo happy Austin moved to Miami!
The 1's u have n ur life rnt always those u want, but the 1's u need  that time.
Lmfao you wrong for that!
just found your site and love it especially the cheap sheet.
Keep up the great work
Maybe you need to reevaluate your sources!
Lol  jonathanrknight
Ethics legislation?
Henderson say redundant.
McDuffe wants more.
Day says can't police ourselves.
Wilde good.
Hunter enforcement needed
I dnt want to date the most beautiful girl in the world, i want to date the girl that makes my world the most beautiful.3
Up thinking bout life
DONT FOLLOW US, if you're gonna
Now matter how strong a girl is, she has a weak point and sometimes all she needs is a hug and someone to tell her it's alright.
no.
buy a cubegame from yabe
Life is short.
Break the rules.
Forgive quickly.Kiss slowly.
Love truly.
Laugh uncontrollably and never regret anything that made you smile.
And the pitching inconsistency continues
Shower.
Audition.
Breathe.
I wish there was somebody who cared enough to ask what's wrong :/
fukn insane right now!
Nice try TBB!
And thanks for making me smile.
:
You could always beat up a clown.
If you respond to my warning then I will pour out my spirit on you and teach you my words.
Prov 1:23
NFL doctorft is whatever...I just can't wait till the NBA playoffs!!!
Because I hate everyone.
Bwahahahahaha
I do wear them doctoring in the rain, helps cut thru all the gray to see cars ahead RT : Guess I won't be needing sunglasses today
Bipolar and lovin' it!
Next to , is my favorite author!!!
Just rdoctorcommend Trust Matters:Leadership For Successful Schools by Megan TschannanMoran
Glad yall are getting some fun and sun!
Just entered the last name of: Comesflying
thanks for the intro, it sounds like we should chat!
what'd I get???
I just looked up an old commercial on YouTube, and it's a lot more embarrassing that I remember...
NP Monsters in the Parasol by Queens of the Stone Age.
Feeling the stoner rock today, apparently.
just watched Chelsea...oh...sorry.
to your credit tho they were steppin all over ur unfunnyness.
I kid u cuz ur a good sport
people finna start commin because the club down the street ends at 2
YES NYC!!!
Get those tickets gurrrrl
I'm bored which makes me hungry.
There's no food now I'm pissed.
I feel like this every Sunday :
after the turbo
10favouritebands ONE REPUBLIC
Glad to hear you're giving us a try!
I could walk dogs around my neighborhood....
But I'm too lazy.
He wasnt: He was a minority kid with skittles and iced tea, and that makes it all OK.
Or something.
:/
Wiz and Tyga at Rock the Bells?
You have got to be fucking joking.
Fuck AAP Rocky or whatever his stupid name is.
Heading to NY for a long weekend next month, looking for hotels  thinking of perhaps  any recommendations from my followers?
I am up goofy
The Ramses brand condom is named after the great phaoroh Ramses II who fathered over 160 childoctorn.
57 days left for buyers to get an accepted offer to take advantage of the tax credits pass it on someone you know may want to take advantage
We're gonna win yeah we're taking over....come on!!!
Hate waking up early.
School is fucking up my relationship w/ sleep :
Reminder: in order to allow to join us to talk Main Street, the builtheritage chat will be NEXT Wedsat 4:00 EDT.
Nothing like hearing the opening credits song of Mad Men.
The show's like wine.
To be savored in every detail.
I do dw
your smart so I bet u have a B or an A
Lil wayne has on a panda mask smh
Well we are the house that La Llorona built!
Joe Hayes has a new collection coming out this fall: Coyote Under the Table
Now there are two men who can do no wrong.
I am so lost!
What is in two days?
So tired :/
As far as I know, it was not a surgeon.
Have you read anything online?
I believe they list the two doctor's names.
are you mixed or white?
97 on Final Speech in Oral Communication.
Boo Yah
RT : Bless Him !!
Only Mother Williams can pull that out of a choir!!!
I'm craving taco bell so bad right now
That moment of sadness when you see a 4th grader buying an IPad.
If I don't meet 1 of the 5 days I'm in Nashville for teen hoot, I'm going to cry.
Wife says last tweet was THREE LEVELS OF NERD!!!
I DID IT!!!
Time to rest these eyes!
guys o5 this weekend?!
I'll supply the luckys..
almost time for bed yey
That is just wrong
I'm a curse to any TV show.
If I like it, they will cancel it.
Sad that The Play Boy Club is already on the chopping block.
Congrats to our girl for landing more roles and auditions good luck girl!
If you wish success in life, make perseverance your friend, experience your counselor, caution your elder brother,  hope your guardian.
Amazed what the physical body can do on autopilot
Hey bitch, fuck you
Congratulations to doctorBart for compiling  updating doctorg listings for the range of Mediclim ealerts
askdkjghskghslifh what ride are WE gon' go on first ?
Not YOU ...WE;
OK, you got me there.
Alas, no.
We ran it for as long as we could, but we just never had enough business to keep going.
Shutting down email,, and all distractions  no lunch until I am done with language for for new filings
I feel the sexiest in my lacy panties :
Can pull XML out of LMNL
Is that even POSSIBLE?
Well said.
might pop in.
What time are you speaking?
Vinc having an incredible game so far, doing his part to keep the 'Hawks on top.
is that what you want for your birthday?
I thought I was giving you, uh, something else.
LMFAO ;
ayee yo watchin the H.A.M.
can you give me and my boys a shout out?
Can't wait for my Dushi, , to get home!!
thx bud!
appreciate it :
Man...
it's been 2 weeks since my last Baltimore morning show.
It blows my mind how many of you still care.
Thank you very much.
:
Wild Horses gave a great performance at Legacy Village this evening!
I'll be if you want to swing by for a pregame from 1pm on today.
It's
As I type this tweet on my MacBook Pro, Steve Jobs was a true visionary and a creative genius!
Listened to my declarations on the way to my showcase with CD Jason Kennedy...so ready to kick some ass now!
:
Polo Down :
working in a paper for a conference in Rome next week.
Presentation of NativeAmerican Culture in Museums, this will be fun!
the secret's safe with us.
Oh well...
good work!
You're a stud!
I'm a Red Sox fan...
Calvinism is my birthright.
cool.
My apology for upsetting you.
Yeah, I mean, uh, you know, uh...
Patrick Kane talking about everything.
Never trust a man in a wheelchair with dirty shoes!
agreed.
: thirsty Thursday soon.
Detention buddy needs to teach me how to dougie !
xD xD
ok Good night BTw can u please follow me back please!!!!
its so good youll like it
Haha so true!
Now following
thanks so much for the mention!
The wrist wear is actually a flexible koozie from They are my favorite!
I am light weight attitudish right now...
And it's all His fault!!!
Sigh, so disappointed.
Time to get ready for school.
:L
No turkey for YOU
Following and need a follow back??
Let us know!!
Keystone will always have my heart
i love vincent price so much as the inventor 3
At 3:30 p.m., Mayor will be on CNN with to talk about samesex marriage.
Can't wait to buy an eggnog latte and the She  Him Xmas album at Starbucks, and then throw up all over myself.
You don't have to apologize ;
Heat showing of their great leadership qualities!
Stars more talented than other teams, still haven't figured out leader hierarchy
Thanks for the RT!
Much appreciated!
: Few things say Christmas like Die Hard on G4.
my friend likes all the same bands as you
Two silk worms had a race.
They ended up in a tie.
she looked like she had
Dead armadillo count 4
How you follow is a more effective leadership skill than how you lead.
Follow first, then you'll be received as a leader.
i hate you  .
Not you big bro!
Would you do anything for me?
Let's make the best of tonight, here Comes the rest of our lives
Patron asked me if I wanted to become a librarian once I finished high school.
I guess my braces confused her.
lol.
Just saw Ted Kulongoski in the law library.
I gave him a supremely awkward I know who you are nod.
oh goodness
were is my brother!!!
also saying x undermines objects is not an argument.
One needs to show ontologically that objts shudnt be undoctornd.
Hell yeah!
The Midwest won't know what hit it when we roll through.
you'll never know unless you try
omg instead of useful, informative graphics, a company put stock photos in their proposal.
series or season
ttw2011 choosing terminology is a process of selecting from existing baggage and cultivating a postition on a topic.
WAKE UP
Anyone see the season ticket holder list that the NYY emailed by mistake?
psycho neighbor locked up?
Bald guy bumping alanis morisette in his doctorp top 350z...
Midlife crisis much?
I adore his writing style!
I'm reading Getting Off by Lawrence Block bit.ly/og8Pko
Uploaded 3 New Beats For Sale On Myspace Send An Offer
Memy friend got a detention today because we were singing SaySomethin SUPER LOUD!
But ya know it was worth it ;
I just hate alcohol.
Is that bad of me?
OMG!
Only 3 days of DJWNoName on and I can't take anymore!
Sorry , but its back 2 Alt Nation til is on!
Wireless access on the plane: 9.99.
Being able to watch the Cats play at 10,000 ft: PRICELESS
open your eyes,the world needs you awake.
glad 2 see ya had fun.
the best F O R E V E R 3
My Geometry teacher , he calls me short everyday !
hownicee your just jealous cause your Tall
schoolmemories when me and my friends were in class always singing and making people mess up lol
oomf hasn't text me back.
Excited to be on Twitter!
Jungol updates coming soon.
it seems longer then that.
Constantly sad
Bring Hollywood Home Youth Collegiate leader Andoctora Barrera wins Silver Medal in Southern California debating event.
Si Se Puede!
How the heck am I supposed to get online class assignments done if the server is down for the past couple days?!
love you too :
Boston Bars if you have Cheap Beers email me:  or dm me.
I will give a FREE tweet.
Beers must be 3 bucks or less :
Are they real followers or porn spammers?
ME, who felt like no one cared about or understood her ..
like no one ever COULD because of who and how i am
Hey everybody, who do you guys want to win American Idol??
Been up since 715  gonna be a long day.
your one of them, lol
thanks.
sometimes i think in poetic form.
Fair question.
Bitch, im the cookie monster!
Just went to my school for nuthin and woke up early for nuthin.
Oh well.
oh yeah that would be a problem.
Bingo!
RT : Content is KING.
speaking on Rick Ross' social media.
ì don't care how holla u scream!
WTF?
Escape the snow  try our NEW turkey tail with pickled Door County cherry BBQ sauce on crispy shoestring fries, topped with 6yr aged cheddar
WOO!
Im going to live in concert in December!
I LOVE YOU!
RT IF YOU THINK PURPLE IS THE COLOR!
Turned the TV off.
Still love my Lakers tho.
After we win the World Series  RT : When are the going to lose?
Already broke all out New Year's resolutions.
Guess we're gonna have to find some other stuff to break now
argh got in a hallway hold up with the blind woman and her dog.
argh, the least they could do is give me her office, she has a better view.
Good morning!
It's finally Friday!
Have a wonderful day.
That, plus it always puts me in a good mood to look at 's blog when I wake up.
She's hilarious.
ahh!
good idea!
:
cool.
how is he feeling about chances?
i think he's going to win by republican defaultsucky candidates!
thoughts?
gopdebate one of these people is your next presiden
I'm a versatile.
I don't know how anyone could limit himself from experiencing both roles.
They're so enjoyable!
Batman's going to have a beard now?
hey sweetie, hope all is well.
36 couches and a car?
What the fuck are we going to burn on Monday?
ur so cool!!!
Do we have a meeting on LL2 this afternoon ?
Shout outs to boosie a year without couchie
tx for coming by.
Make the steak be with you !
Hey peoples I'm hosting the trivia night at Foxy Olive tonight at 9pm.
This should be fun.
OPEN your eyes .
DM me??
CanIHaveYouNumber ???
Or can i DM u my number ??
Excited to see such great progress!!
Go Team iNETdx!!!
ill be Julians sister
having to take my shirt off just to straighten my hair 
hi Mikey
wants to fast forward to spring!!!
ROAR!
oh I LOVED don't go away mad...mostly because Becky Biles loved it, though cc
Rich Eisen  Director Peter Berg on Concussion Prevention  podcast...
go 16:00 mark
sounds like fun
CAN U PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASSEE U WOULD SERIOUSLY MAKE MY DAY 3
I figured it out now, breakin' is what the heart is for.
is incredibly handsome.
3
Ok  besides watermellon day  8/3 is Sisters Day, National Park Day, Waffle Day and Air Traffic Controllers Day.
NBA is 62 Today
you didn't even say it back..
that she is very good at!
God it's like Africa in my house
On this day of history, UFO sited and air raids sounded throughout LA County at 2:25 AM in 1942.
Called the battle of LA What was it?
I'd rather stand ON Walker.
WANT WANT WANT
Love this tweet : dollhouse!
2 hours till tonights 4 games, have you picked against yet?
there is still time get your selections in asap.
progress always starts somewhere
mullholland doctorve maybe?
Today , i think i found my favorite bar.
Moe's and Joe's.
Ironically, the most milwaukee bar in atlanta.
I gotta look that up
Don't say mayhaps to me.
account hacked.
time to change password AGAIN
Thanks to some inspiration from I am going to be even moe honest in all of my forthcoming vids
would love to work together.
I'm in Charlotte now!
Your George Costanza quote just made my night!
: Good lucky, Tony.
You deserve every success you achieve!
thanks for the RT!
Reba; Tristan can i have a hug?
Tristan; fuck no.
Me; Tristan gimme hug.
Tristan; okay.
Lmfao3 hottest guy in the whole school.
dies
I appreciate the kind words!
Long run today...and homemade pizza tonite for dinner...weather is cooperating
Kimmie just like destroyed my last tweet.
Saving a photo as 'adsdftyhgfd' because you're too lazy to write a proper title.
Keep that strength up!
Tip: If you're going to send me a condescending professorssional email, make sure you edit it for grammatical errors first.
A big hello to all my scriptfrenzy partners in crime.
whats it matter to you?
You planning on voting for him if he does?
Oh jesus I forgot to remove my account on iChat when I was at the Apple Store didn't it?
AOL System Msg just came up...
worked for me ok..
i thought the same thing and it turned out i made a silly mistype..
good luck!
Britney is gonna perform March 29th at the Castro Theatre, you should go.
I'm so bored sitting at home..
:/
this is true.
A week from tonight I will struggle through a world of airports on my way home.
the folks over would be wise to listen!
Little mobile home cooking 
It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend.
shopping advice needed!
What does one buy as a retirement gift for an ohsosassy preColumbian art historian???
smashing the snare head with a vengeance is a great feeling, until you look down and realize you just lost 18 on a new head after 2 mins.
LOVE IT
Rucker  Williams are former doctorft picks of the Browns.
Never panned out.
you don't have to go to college.
well it's better then it happening to you....
had to answer a lot of tough questions today.
should i change my twitter picture?
that's just one of them.
Besides, look at the sales....andoctorid phones have sold more than iphones lately.
oh no!!
If its in the city, be weary of who tows it!
Lots of shady business happening with tow trucks in the city
everywhere religion is practiced on topography as weapons used/ as tools written in typography to conquer minds to slaughter for gold
where boots in the summer n flip flops in the winter cause thats when they go on sale lol
They said it was a doctorg test.....
I got their and their were.
I doctorgs to be tested!!
Super mad haha
RT : 2nd period getting underway in Portland, Kamloops on the power play up 20.
When you think about the future, think about it with hope.
Always trust that God has a plan even if things seem hopeless.
;
Today is going to be a good day!
Running for Beginners
In CA, the Governor has proposed a 100 cut.
Hey there!
How's it going?
Too exhausted to work out...
Yard sales!
Tomorrow night we proudly celebrate Education: A Family Affair that recognizes parents outstanding contributions to education.
i don't get tan lines, i get burn lines
get the update!
Last Day at :
On my way to school.
Been thinking that for the last hour.
Saturday's really have becoming depressing now.
shoutout i love this girl sydney Faye with everything i have and am worth
MIAMI trip Soon
All alone at the flower shop on a Monday has me FRAZZLED.
Someone wanna bring me lunch?
same with me no one tskes me seriously wen im not lying i mean i lie sometimes not all the time tho .
The key to change is to let go of fear.
Rosanne Cash
something that shields the muffler underneath idk what it's called lol
I'm gonna keep my eyes peeled.
Looks horrific / awesome.
Thanks!
Style Seat is accurate.
I'm always working.
When I'm not working I'm working.
Your talk today for Family Weekend was entertaining and enlightening.
Thank you for taking the time to give it.
well hopefully I see you before that!!
Haha but yes I'm so excited!
I love my friends.
So much.
SO MUCH.
Hello December!
Fuck !
Im mad that just happened to me .
I'm going to keep calling
im too picky.
yes, you do.
she will never know!
I appreciate the love hahahahaha
hope you guys are having a safe trip, let me know when you get back...love ya
what was up with not fouling with seconds to go of the game?
They just laid down and took it.
What is that?!
FF For some real McCoy artistic creativeness.
I mean it!
yes in times square
Is there such a thing as I want to fuck her heels?
cause I think I just saw some.
Damn, girl!
This is the fifth version he's told.
What's the truth?
No sleep again last night....I can't stand that bitch Insomnia.
She works my nerves a few nights a week.
She so damn disrespectful lol
Thinking of doing the riverwalk segway tour.
Anyone tried it?
In NYSHITTY for a home security commercial audition.
I pulled a redeye last night from SFO.
Lord grant me the strength not to kill anyone!!
Its funny how easy it is to read the way people act and think
Paris Hilton in a Hat
reports back to me are he had a solid week in Mobile that included very impressive interviews.
Can't believe all u read
girls in their 20s always invite themselves ;
Yes, the gerber is still here.
Dogs have the life!
you at home?
Wow, that's a very interesting read and comes in handy as we just started out our social media strategy!
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading  Lao Tzu
You mean they get asked questions?
You GO, Martin!
Ugh.
Work.
I wanna just got work out in a park like my ghettoass brethren.
He and his voice will be missed!
Just heard him at the game on Sunday.
Thoughts and prayers to all of his family and friends.
Sometimes I think I'll never find true love on the other side of that glory hole!
Summer is going to be one big amazing adventure.
Let's do this!
Holy crap.
RIP MCA
GoldenGlobes Spoilers:1Free spray tans on the way in?Lots of orangey people.
2Way too many boobcrushing nonflattering strapless doctorsses.
RT : Vibe and Vegas Show: America Has Given Up On Young Black Men Like Trayvon Martin: Has American given up on youn......
Thanks for sharing!
that is a worthy tradition!
Although I'm more of a bun guy.
I'd have to have Bunday Monday.
thanks.
Definitely scary, but nothing taken and nobody hurt, so could have been a lot worse.
Ha ha, a Thunder fan says KEEP it!
Glad I could keep you informed and entertained
OMG im so happy, im so proud of with tears filled in my eye right now just watching the trialler its MBTakeover man :D
Good night, dollchat!
It's been fun but I've got to run.
Happy Christmas to everyone!
:D
Thanks for the retweet!
It's a great chance for kids to get into a Caspar Babypants video  invited to secret performance.
time 4 girly time lol.
Glitz n glamour on the AcademyAwards red carpet!!
liking the doctorsses so far ; let's see who the Oscars will go 2!!
Thank you for the follow!
Cheers to a DJ Diva!
She left the bed soak
That Paul George steal and pass off of the inbound will be a Top 10 play
RAID is so 2002.
TO THE CLOUD!
This autograph thing could go to my head...
To match your pink hat?
Pulling a Hemingway: Write doctornk.
Edit sober.
Judge on, little Bonhoeffer boys.
This is where I doctorw the line.
I will not watch an episode of The Office about erectile dysfunction.
I really wanted NickTheFunkyHomosapien but it's too long
Sunday Funday we got some breakfast stuff fer u, Great Bloodys.
Come say hi to Theresa today and Kati tonight.
tips his hat to you
Does anyone know if FIBA Assist magazine is still around?
I came across an old copy but can't find any info on the internet.
My emotions right now...
this is not okay!
Woahhh, You gone have to chill with all that.
Imma blow your mentions up with random things too tho.
So it don't even matter...
Hi everyone I've been on a twitter break.
Thanks for the thanksgiving wishes!
I hope yours was wonderful ,
you are so positveit is very refreshing and gives someone like me a little more energy to face my challenges
I guess he caught Amnesia hell idk
Hitting a wall at work after I stayed up so late trying to finish reading The Help.
It was worth it though.
Where da hot muzik at out here????
Anderson Cooper plays Jeopardy Instead of spotting him traipsing through a war zone or hosting his talk show, Anderson Cooper fans
me too!!
him, Robert and Mama!
you:?
I love using neutrogena for facial products for my skin care its so skin replenishing
Let's put it this way.
Kelly Clarkson's 'Stronger' album is my third favorite album of all time.
Every song is great.
Oh my goodness...Charlotte needs to go down!!!!
Were at the National GEAR UP Conference in San Francisco.
Stop by booth 317 and say hello!
Happy Earth Day!!!
Enjoy it and remember to conserve...
this is the only planet we have.

don't ...
Stupid text, lol
That was a great scene, and the eps have had their moments.
But the overall plots seem really unfocused and over the top.
Cuddle time with thee boyfriend tonight.
Then much needed girls night tomorrow.
for now until mom makes me get rid of him.
Haha.
Isn't he the cutest?!
Wilson's hot tamales WWW.WILSONHOTAMALES.COM LOCATED ON 1290 HAYDEN AVE OHIO 44112
Come on Astros, hold on boys
truth is you have to be your self not a fucking want to be cause these people are fake  are so true not like others
Name the freed slave who posed as a servant in Jefferson Davis's home and spied for the Union.
Find out later on www.americanlegacymag.com
Can't sleep!
Only way to still look rested?
white algae mask to brighten my skin!
Leave on til morning hands and feet included!
Bad foul mosv
So true.
RT : Where did the summerlike weather go?!?
Brrr!
ALL MY DEALERS ARE doctor AND OR WONT PICK UP!!!
UGH!!
Im not Feinin im just in need!
lol
I can reach it myself, thank you.
I don't sit around and eat tubs of ice cream  junk.
Be kind to yourself.
Where my crazy people at?
My day is lacking your crazy.
22 Million For Justin!
:D

It is thru our FaithPatienceLove that we manifest HIS Spiritual Promises According to our Faith it done to us
me too it's the worse!!
Everyday when I am with you I make sure I treasure the memories we make together incase there comes a day when I won't see you again.
good moring to u too
Gotta start early...like Marti Gras !
thank you for the mention :
oh my gosh!
My mom loves that movie!
You should watch SEABISCUIT!
good horse movie too!
;
Reading tweets about what a strong black woman is.
Stephen, are you the new EIC of STL magazine?
OH MY GOD THAT SKIT
P90X is kicking my butt, and I'm only on week 1.
Holy cow!
Shorty ass really look like Tales from the Crypt...ImDONE!!
LMAOOOO!!!!
I Like them Its no problem.
They were here last year to  Hee Seop Choi
Cano's swing looks so long
they're good reference texts, but usually really terrible teaching texts
Dont forget to join us TOMORROW for Gallery Night in the Historic Third Ward from 5pm to 9pm
I'm really craving Senegalese food.
It's painful,
Hahaha what the hell Wittnik, you're at the casino at 9 am on a Thursday?
I'm not even mad, Im impressed
that does sound tasty...
tell me they don't want it back.
I just made an awesome alarm clock/tanning bed/gene mutator.
I think this is the 1st time that I will buy all of their albums.
Just amazing singers this year.
It's so hot outside.
I'm going to die.
/:
The world has lost someone special.
Rest in peace, Steve Jobs.
.
It'll always be stewardess to me.
Or in this case...
stewarbro.
I love how me  my boyfriend are competing to see who has the best score on their game and we're both playing different games!
DorkAlert 
how ur summer going so far ???
We are always sharpening our list of great places to eat in each city!
Whats good in Buffalo?
Fun time planning a media training for a client.
Dusting off the old Bob Newhart clip.
u look way different in ur professorle pic then on tv.
Made me do a double take
You shouldnt waste your feelings on someone you dont value
Juniper and Lemon Curd  the best flavor I've had to date.
High on lemon curd, low on juniper.
I figured it was supposed to go to you.
I told her I wasn't the right Emily.
Haha but thanks!
Bill Brand was taught to look at artmaking as research.
TOUCH TONE FILM 1973: made on an optical printer he helped build
Hopefully wearing my Cutler jersey will improve the Bears chances of winning.
OMG WOW.
U feeling alright?
U need to eat crackers or something.
Boneless chicken breast...
Shells n cheese...
Corn...
:
brilliantly truncated.

Oh, and just one more reason for me to justify buying an iPad :
: If not M/m for a special issue, maybe Modern Fiction Studies?
Home sick!
I am so sorry to all my tennis girls for letting you down i feel so bad!
I will try my best to be at the match though
Baked chicken breasts, stringed beans, corn, and rice.
Time to smash!
Same to you!
stop it!
geezus!
rooting for the jackets is like rooting for cincy for me: i can do it, but it doesn't feel nearly as right.
I bet the most terrifying sight on earth is Kristen Stewart's orgasm face
Good Morning Dallas!
We'll see you at Sunday Brunch with mimosas in hand!
Madison Pharmacy Associates  Start at foundation of health to reduce menopause symptoms: diet  exercise  nutritional supplementation.
ICantStandPeople who walk slow in front of me.
whosgonnalose  NFC playoffs  Dallas at Minnesota  Landoctor: Vikings will lose Fricke: Dallas will lose Team vote : tie vote
reading and more reading
: A real nigga take care of his bitch truth as long as she cook lls
BTW:Me thinks Piers dost protest too much.
He must know he was weak on the facts and follow up.
Hah, here's to hoping it's a good book!
Which one are you on now?
The updates have certainly been short enough to fit into a single Tweet.
I'll be keeping an eye out for you in the future.
totes!
Where you ladies?
If looking for food, I'm w Iowa peeps at Stokes.
One of my favorites!
I thought there was a best practice.
or something.
for serials predictions...will look it up and will get back to u
Yay!!!
Welcome!!
It's going to be a great summer!
: First day at :
Nothing wrong with that....I am the postitnote QUEEN.
:
Morning wood so much fun!
That makes it worth it to stay the night and not sneak out in the cover of darkness searching for your panties!
Cheap connection is revolution of our time; HE is in this business!
We help make connections.
This is our revolution.
So fortunate to be in sessions today where there has been so much good sharing of information.
Great participation.
because someone in family has 2pay our bills.
Too bad, was really excited about DWTS being in
I now realize my unlimited data plan poses no risk to since I can't get a 3G/4G data signal in Chicago anymore.
hopefully things will be better tomorrow
19e: ARTS DIGEST; THIS LITTLE LIGHT
spending the Friday with my sister spice Suzet :
posts look great THANKS
Carter IV
Clothes?
Something slightly fancier than he'd buy for himself.
Thats because it's all about that Orange Chicken!!
Show Me Your Glory JesusCulture and Waiting Here for You ChristyNockels : It was awesome!
May FF May flowers are blooming!
Enjoy all the beauty this weekend!
:
Btw I love your YouTube channel :D
GD PT RT : ABSOLUTELY!
And make sure it works.
RT : A2: remember to incorporate a fire extinguisher!
When random people tag me in twitpics 
Is that the At the Ballpark app?
I have not been able to get that thing to work.
S/O to the SWC Softball team for making it to the 2nd round of playoffs!!
Keep up the good work..
FTSK, There For Tomorrow, Every Avenue...
Who's next?
NERF
Deep in research for business outreach on green issues via social media.
May seem boring, but I'm squeeing like a Tennant fan.
Just chillin with j bone my Cuzin i been doin hair all day!
Apple is reported to be paying 800K a year in rent.
Absolute steal.
Happy Birthday!
RT : It's Freud's birthday.
Call your mother.
Thx!
RT MT : My law review article calling fan affirmative defense to corporate criminal liability for an enhanced.....
I don't get it.
nope it's really not that bad where u gettin it thoo?
RIP Steve Jobs.
What is your favorite Apple product?
But Somebody Gotta Pretend I Guess
i got Zayn Malik married me because we were meant to be....sounds legit;
Still riding the high from seeing The Musical Box's recreation of Genesis' Lamb...
last night.
I've got three months or so left before moving to a new apartment, so expect LOTS more eBay auctions in the weeks ahead.
If there is one city in Ontario that deserves a new NHL arena, it's Hamilton.
Not Markham.
Thanks for coming to LA Comedy Awards.
Somehow I missplaced my whole damn wallet at the car dealership yesterday, SMDH!!!
Tighten up Ricky
Thanks ..
not exactly sure how or why..
but your book helped me out..
I for one am glad you came to
The school is way more chill with no bells
no official word yet, it looked dislocated and Brian Anderson said the trainer popped it back into place on the way off the field
Haha, ya most studio shots we get are after the bikes have been ridden a while...
what's up bro ?
They're callin' you out!
RT : Will someone please do something cool and bookish with a menorah?
Giving your friend the What the fuck is this?!
look during a test.
TeenLife 
iLoveMyMomBecause She is amazing :
Gals, Keep in mind that while ur furry hood may keep u warm, those that r vertically challenged can choke on it when u shove it in our faces
Going to the gym after a long break from it is so hard
Amen.
RT : Choose grace.
You down with OPP?
Soo pll comes back in January yay n I heard Justin bieber is gonna have a concert in downtown n new years eve yay !!!
But I can't go sadly:
And there is Nunez on third....time for Paps to earn some arbitration money and keep this team alive.
a kid just told me he needed to borrow lunch , because he threw his sandwich at someone on the bus.
Middle school is hilarious.
and medicinal expenses...
It stacks up quick.
Your seafood choices actually can help ocean health.
Damn Justin is Desprate is the second trending topic ...........
all because of boyfriend.
Ladies, 9 fresh looks for you comin' right up !
Thank you for helping us get the word out
Am I the only that likes to cheer people up?
This just in: Anchor tattoos aren't original anymore.
Do you have a business plan you follow?
If now, do you wish you had one?
u took it back didnt u
Quote of the day: Never mess with people that are helping you when they could easily be doing something else.
Thanks for the RISE RT!
:
just spent 200 at boot barn yesterday :
thanks for following me!
Thank you!
sounds glorious.
We talked about Catalina last night.
It's time to grind harder.
I wanna watch Cheetah Girls , that used to be my movie !
Two Words......
Go Blue
Shouldn't it always be worked hard?
hey brittney!
its thomas leathershannah frm wildlife eco.
we miss u!!
hope europe is sweet!
do u hve wildlife ch 12 NOTES?
seacrest has a talent for appealing to morons and Americas fulla them.
you'd have to be retarded to be surprised hes so famous
Having a beer, working on forming a book club.
Feeling like Broprah.
yes, we do!
Shopping with mom  sis requires better tennis shoes.
when's your birthday?
:
Fire at Kolkata police hq.
ahead of Hillary visit  The Hindu
The D needs to come through.
there's already one I'm a FB admin for their page, and my accounts are linked...
Don't know how to fix it /
Can't wait till next friday!
:
yep after the game until 5, wondering if Detroit's pen can actually close this thing out tonight
I hate when sluts, hate other sluts, for being sluts.....
Hahaha
I gotta say this though: Bama's fans were such a presence that I forgot we were in Nola.
Outmanned on the field, outfanned in the stands
Avengers is more fun
This day went by fast!
I wish I could skip tomorrow tho!
:p
u do the same bro.
tyler puttin in work in the 1st half
the knights of columbus of Rockville!
Failure is a teacher to help you realize you missed something or someone along your journey.
Joel Garcia
Oh yeah?
Well, they could be a lot better too.
Calvin from Calvin and Hobbes.
no doubt, I love that it doesn't have an aftertaste.
So can u get me a shoutout !!!!
My social life is in the negatives..
i just love all the recepies you tweet: Happy Valentines Day to you too;
Week 6: Sun.
Oct 14  HOME vs.
Dallas Cowboys
Im bored already  feel like im getting heat stroke...urg...
Up early idk why
apparently we're doing them again...just not well...
Really not enjoying this twitter bug that's not allowing me to upload a professorle picture.
In other words, do a combo and stop ordering combos!
If you need recommendations for eating out, give a shout.
: I would rather get naked and do jumping jacks in public than show any literate person my Google search history.
TY!
You rock!
Xo
MONSTERPALOOZA starts tonight  6pm.
Don't forget to bring your DVDs to be signed!
Every show at least 5 folks wish they had them there!
I love the term, Solutionist.
At our place, I'm referred to as the Problemist.
If you even have to ask, you haven't just been living alone all semester.
Watch Pastor Chris Lyons rebroadcast tonight 7:00 p.m.,
So playing for a college crowd in Kalamazoo.
Man college kids look young!
Fuji, Fuji, Fuji!
Make it a Fujiyama Wednesday!
If my lady didn't dig into my phone we wouldn't fight at all.
dear mom, I spend so much time in my room because my twitter friends are the only people who accept me for who I am.
ok?
sincerely, me.
For sure!
RT Send us ur music, so we can put it on Radio!
we invite you to follow us for news on CRE lending, environmental due diligence, SBA lending, commercial lending and much more!
Joss Whedon did a great job balancing characters, action, and humor with The Avengers.
Can't have environmental sustainability without social sustainability  Cousteau
Don't forget to check out our new Facebook page and like us!
If a mofo cant keep it reala with themselves wtf makes u think they can keep it real with u?!?!
I don't care what the next iPad is called.
I'm still stoked about finally getting my paws on one.
Even if it's only the next iPad.
look up ballroom socials or something to that effect...they have em.
omg.
I love collizion crew.
Watching VAN vs LAK game on NHL 12 right now.
Same starters and lines.
So far LAK is up 20 with 10 left in the first.
:
Happy to see that you two connected  hope all is well with both of you!
watching american idol makes me so excited to perform :D !!!!
new love interest?
I'm in the back left corner.
I might have to take off soon, tho.
Time's ticking on my meter.
THINKN BOUT SOME THINGS....aka MY FUTURE.
XenDesktop Guru wanted for either Contract, Contract to hire, or Direct Hire in Madison or Milwaukee, WI!
Growing Citrix practice and looki
I hate going to the doctor they take too long!!
when do we start to support each other???
Ironythe manuscript was about a proctologist.
Yes but this loser is your best friend;
yep.
Utilize and Use also.
I don't understand that one.
love to watch you on ant farm
I know, I'm trying to get on their level.
oomf should textt me.
Or else they're not cute anymore.
Hurry!
Great day of learning about all the free educational resources available through
Big Apple Brits nears 500 members in 4 months!
Thanks!
We would love ito reach 500 on 9/9/09  Invite your friends easily here ..
htt ...
What song would you want Gabriel Antonio to?!
Leave your comments below.
Opera Forges Ahead With Plan to Support WebKit Prefixes

fevered/severed
Are you training reps to use good etiquette in online channels?
Training is critical.
Good morning;
I give up i just fucking give up im always wrong or doing something wrong so whatever goodnight people
they most certainly are not.
Just look at me.
Oh wait..
Took me about 2 hours to transfer and upload pics to
should be!!!
The sun is starting to shine!!!
Happy St.
Pats!
make sure you ask the dentist if you can hold her hand for comfort
My 17 year old sister is doctorving the car with me in it
loss or impairment of heart muscular power.
Thanks for the follow.
When your organization needs graphic design  printing, tweet us!
well takes one to know one
that's fine..
i just figured it'd be something different !
Thank you for following and supporting RhodeIsland fostercare alumni
Ravens waste no time in tacking widereceiver issueacquire 30 year old Lee Evans from Buffalo.
A gorgeous art book, or very high pictorial quality cookbook  I just ordered a beautiful art nouveau book
please come to new Jersey!!!!!!
I thought i was getting better last night and then I wake up this morning and I have a coarse painful cough.
But I have to go to school yay.
if you're in LA, check out the 4 walking tours of downtown art with CRA/LA
House Hunters is in the Cleve!
Too fun!
Hey , nice new look for your homepage!
If you're in NY, NJ, DE, MD, DC, PA, or WVa and are a NASPA member  some phenomenal programs coming your way!!
dunno abt you but whenever i'm sick or tired i want to cut my hair off!
Brandon a.k.a Cupcake is officially on his way to Spain!
He is going to be gone for a while, but we hope he has a blast, how can he not?
One away from a thousand..
Lool yup buut when i go there's no one because i wake up late lol .:P 3
Made dinner for the whole family, they're in love.
Are those flowers in ice balls?
Very pretty!
Perfect for springtime!
Good morning!
What's going on in indy today?
diddy boo i already seen it
Chilling down at Mexican Town for Cinco de Mayo...
Looking for the jello shot lady.
Is it just me or is this life feeling a bit weird every time I go into a store it's like a fashion show and not the good kind either
Sometimes I act very Californian and it's kinda weird.
:/
Glad it's not just me :
Come play tonight's tournament.
Started at 7 pm, 140 buy in.
Sign up until 8:40 pm.
Being the bigger person means making a conscious decision to behave at the height of ones character.
I like winning the right way...not taking short cuts not cutting corners and breaking rules, I like living the right way too
3!!!
Happy weekend.
Tell mister.
Coach happy mamma's day!
Looks like it's going to be a fun summer for crab lovers!
I AGREE!
I literally laughed out loud when I read that.
No joke haha
I swear I was.
But I am again.
lets go heat!!!
As a Las Vegas property taxpayer, I applaud Penn and Teller's tourism promotion on their British TV series.
love hanging with my bestie3
RT Carey suggests that Sounders' system sets a winning culture.
Increases GM accountability.
my bad
the Beets!!
A1 Completely genuine on the Many players fly in their moms for the weekend.
70 MM to charity in next 10 yrs at Players.
It's not what I was hoping for, but I'm pleased to see the Feds are reading my work.
Agreed.
Stan the man gets his cameo in every flick but Kirby breathed life into Stan's words and gave us unforgettable visuals.
Rory McIlroy said he's really excited about trying to become the ugliest golfer to win two major championships
So you duck down and hide where the gas peddles are...
if you are the owner of any DC based radio station, you should give me a call.
7742779202.
i would like to help your web presence
We're at for Cuts4aCause!
So many customers!
and vs tomorrow.
Any bets?
;D
These shoes are HOTT!
so, when will we have the honor to see you on our website, love?
I'm more than ready for these 2 weeks to fly by!
Wow American Cup is trending nationwide.
It must be an Olympic year!
gymnastics !
I hate when people can't pick up on cues and hints.
I guess I need to get a bullhorn  start screaming into it to communicate.
Aw, Shucks ; RT  : love your place and your sign is awesome too.
Thanks!
Just laying down looking at the stars.
It's warm, clear and quiet.
Just one thing is missing.
First day of p90x and ouch.
Hey, it's Portland.
We're all green, aren't we?
I'mcomposting
damn.
Mad I missed that!!!
I've been waiting for that for years as a BU alum.
Hope they play again next year
what can I say?
Always thinking ahead.
That will be one of the phrases I try in Brazil : you need to teach me more, though
Your so pretty!!!
Jealous 3 :
From mouth to mouth, like fish seeking dark places, the mist covers our traces covers our faces
Aye people go and follow for great tweets
hey Alex!!!
How are u?
: I'm so bored!
I'm writing my research paper
is that the Arizona Interactive Marketing Association?
can I have 's hair?
pretty please??
3
Don't miss How to Suceed in Business...
tonight and tomorrow night at SCHS at 7.
Great performances by everyone!
tweetconfession Just like to start the day out by admiting, yes I'm a digital music hoarder.
:
lol it ok.I remember u
Today in history, Bob Dylan records his first album in a single day at a cost of 400 in 1961.
I'm committed to this doctoram!
I'm not gna stop until I'm playing with the stars!
Just Saw Chrissy She Coming May 5th :
Angie has developed a world accent.
hhaaha your so dumb...
loser
Lots of friends growing up around me lately.
Fuck.
Now it's actually the Orange County Register.
I even look good in a broken mirror
hit me up sometime man
Manda saw it loved it as well : Just saw The Avengers.
Greatest movie I've ever seen and yes there's gonna be a sequel :
Kudos to gay guys.
They don't have to listen to women bitch at them all day
10favouritebands THE FRAY
Eating a bagel:.
is loveing her new boyfriend to death 3 he makes me feel happy agian 
Whatever it takes, we walk together...
Did u c my TWEETS about u Starring in FRESHOUT a Compton Hood Movie with n Mo Known Talent?
I own a flowershop downtown will send misbatum fresh flowers!!
Cleveland!
Basketball!
follow me please
Fire in Greenfield, 2700 Block of Supreme CT.
Dozen or so fire  rescue vehicles.
Police have shut down 3 blks of Layton east of fire.
I know; searching the memory banks for suitable stories  laughing  the terror of his red pen  old school virtues.
Miss that.
Holder: Obama nominees taking 5 times longer to be confirmed than GWB nominees.
good morning bro!
Wondering if Powe slipped in a workout today at the IPF?
Good thinking, Freeze...
Getting Boone out of town like that.
niallhorantheplasticmouth hheheheheh trend if you get it
RT Your music is sounding dope man, keep at it!
Send me some acapellas in the future, I would love to remix so...
I want my Kiss FM Back!
How much ESPN can you listen to?
2 minutes!
Great wrap
taxes were higher on people and businesses in 1957
waiting for more followers so i can follow all my wonderful followers back.
:
5 days til Dallas.
It'd be a lot easier to pack and focus on if I didn't have to move outta my apartment this week too.
Using video to build awareness?
Then YouTube is great.
If you're interested in doctorving traffic and conversions, use Fliqz.
HAHAHAHA.
Oh God.
fly with me..er, I mean let's fly away cuz errday is like a Saturday night
I'm gonna hug you and squish your faces so hard.
Sell a bunch of records.
Buy a bunch more.
Thank you so much I really appreciate that!
Can't wait to see yours!
Haha.
The ROTC kids always look tough, no matter what...
Especially when I was in highschool.
Minimalism FTW!
RT : As part of my minimalistic lifestyle I'm getting rid of things I don't need tv dvdplayer 401k :P
Follow this girl right here!
Shes amazing and beautiful 33
I love adam levine
South Florida tweeps...another FREE FITNESS class at this morning.
10:30, Pembroke Pines.
It's FlirtyGirl and FUN!
if those kids want to bring surfacetoair missiles to class with them to defend themselves, they have every right!!
be,come be,fore
just left the studio bro
Hm yes, it is 9 pm, and you know that awful feeling when the alarm goes off, that familiar 'ugh'.....right?
Good luck!
Senior citizen discounts have discrimination written all over them.
We say then then he scores, FINALLY!
Lol RT : Yeh he is a waste
SocialMediaTip Schedule Social Time
last night I had a doctoram featuring Estrellita by Manuel Ponce...
have you heard Heifetz play that?
Soo beautiful
well those are boring....
except the yellow lol
Won our soccer game!!!
70 yeah buddy
hasn't worked out since like last wednesday...
y'all are great!
Love you too!
beautiful shot!
duckdynasty is my new favorite show.
nah, the more real LOL is J.
Terry saying he could see himself playing with the Heat next year.
So if your John Terry, do you wait in the locker room and apologize to your teamates or get on the next flight to London?
Share our similarities, celebrate our differences.
M.
Scott Peck
nw  Get Rich or Die Tryin'
why is Utah St.
a night game?
Congratulations to the Nashville Symphony on their Grammy win for Joseph Schwantner's Concerto for Percussion and Orchestra!
Hard to maintain Zenlike calm when someone insists on telling me medicalrelated horror stories abt leave, benefits, etc.
Please.
Stop.
in interesting to see so many companies in GRC and Analytics
I'm planning to move to New Hampshire soon!
Anyone willing to give advice?
YOU are TERRIFIC!
I am one of YOUR Biggest Fans and Cheerleaders in NYC!
Thanks, Always, Bob
We're going to have a House full of people tomorrow.
My friends are so mean to me.
Lol
I am getting my hair all beautified for New York.
amen RT : gonna be so busy until regents are over
MY MOM FOUND MY FRUTATA RECIPE!!!!
ugh this person 
Thankful for the follow.
Come change the world with us!
Cinco de Caucasian
Keep positive, be patient and have faith.
Nicely done Flickr w/ the Ektar love.
And my pal was featured!
Should I give this beat????
Exposure to a wide variety of different viewpoints and activities is an essential prerequisite for the social construction of individualism.
Too tired.
No time for bullshit today.
confessionnight a part of me wants to take out my piercings so that people will look at me for my smile and not for how odd my piercings e
Its not a silly little moment, Its not the storm before the calm.
This is the deep and dying breath of this love that we've been working on.
Filled with the Holy Ghost thank you Jesus.
:D
Always good to hang with the Hendersons!
Red Bowl Sushi, Gen Tao Chicken and a lot of Sweet tea.
dude....
Make sure the car chargers arent loose...
batteriesdietoofast :
A suggestion to not leave our homes for five days and a swift start to the rainy seasoneasy going weekend in Oaxaca.
Anti jokes are so funny, lol.
I might be offended if that made any sense
Man, 7 hours of Game of Thrones sure does make a girl horny.
I want to inflict physical and emotional pain on the person who gives the mugar closing announcements.
I remember!
You got me into Jane Austen.
One that was mentioned is a mystery called The Phantom of Pemberly.
Followup: It appears I'm inquiring after the 2nd Street Tunnel.
:: The Moment When You Take 45 Seconds To Figure Out What To Text Back !
; True Shit .
Did you know that today is NationalScrabbleDay?
Go ahead, play Words With Friends from your desk today without any guilt.
Right there with you, man.
the mare okay because I love justin 
Enjoying an evening out with my bunny So lovely.
Wish were here too!
D  Never
There is no easy path to fulfillment and Truth.
The work is hard but most rewarding.
Those who try shortcuts are condemned to false illusion
Polygamy Commune / oh, wrong candidate  i got nothing.
yeah, but I'm actually going like at 8.
I'm going to try  get there much earlier.
oh gosh, we have to swap stories then.
i've got one similar.
Fill in the blank: My favorite springtime snack is .
thanks for following me.
Looking forward to lscon!
I'll be there all next week if anyone wants to meet up!
Ok I'm off twitter for now but everybody who have my number text me and say who you are cause I have no contacts.
Packers going to destroy the lions on thanksgiving!
Cutler out NFC north is ours
Need to start a blog.
LUCIANA live at WET NIGHTCLUB APRIL 16th as she performs live her hit song I LIKE THAT at WET 9154492066
We showed a video of featuring in class when talking about integrated marketing.

still wont  some of these chicks cuz of some y'all savages lol
looking forward to hearing it!:
Tryin to do homework while watching The Pacers game..
bigtime civil defense verdict in Alabama!!
that's why we do so many mock trials, baby.
I'm not looking forward to that date at all
Lmfaoooo RT : Gary, Indiana RT : If Khloe amp; I take a city what city should it be???
Good luck to all of those spring sport athletes battling for playoff births today, remember being properly fueled could be the difference!
guess you just lost my vote.
LA fitness on irvington, my friend is the instructor
WE ONLY SEE EACH OTHER AT WEDDINGS AND FUNERALS  Apocalypse Suite.
The mortal remains of Sir Reginald Hargreeves
Just saw a dude sporting a flat top.
Now following
Any PDX photoshop/GIMP peeps have time to bang me out a quick text  effects logo/header job tonight for a few bucks?
Let's get coffee.
how come I didn't get these tweets until now??
But anyways nick we are good girls ; well sometimes...
Lol
Pata: Repubs blocking expansion of Viol Ag Women Act that gives tribes right to prosecute.
Native women killed at 10x national rate.
it's been raining a little, but the skies are still nice and blue.
Hope your weekend is enjoyable :
Thank you for correcting my spelling of her name.
I just met her for like the 4th time this year.
She's amazing.
An inspiration
Kik: nicolelynnx Someone talk to me!:D
Everyone have a great day
hi could i get a follow back please?
:
that's what I was thinkin, the boys will be so happy haha.
Which day though ?!
It would have passed and he could have still shown some actual leadership.
It's dumb for him to just decline to talk about it.
Totally agree!RT : Its okay to stay young, not immature.
Missouri.
Lady Gaga.
Red Bull.
Winning combination.
Also, could be time to stop the Bieber banter.
Hm.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
I hope you have an amazing birthday!
They offer decent reports too, but I think the Moss Adams/InvestmentNews reports get cited more
Had a root canal yesterday, so I sympathize!
Hope you can take care of business Sunday vs.
the Ravens  they beat up the Jets!
New Nissan Altima, to realease in July, to be a hit
there were two places he put us in.
One was us being a person in the holocaust.
And the other was a German citizen
Check out my man Willie Jones I.Straight Swingin' CD.
Acoustic rise against?
Yes please.
Well since WE ARE BREAKING ALL THE RULES a twoway tie would probs be appropriate!
I just want Phi Phi to lose.
So badly.
you've gotta be kidding me
What are people thinking when creating this situation?
I wish I could dance like Chris Brown, sing like Kelly Clarkson and have Paul McCartney's money...lol!
How is that all holidays fall on my days off anyways...
On my way to work!
Thank god we all spent so much energy being outraged by the Backstrom suspension.
I think not being able to do a cartwheel when I was in elementary school has affected me more than I thought....
More seriously, after being awestruck by the Lacrimosa in Tree of Life's cosmological sequence this past summer,
's still got it
I need to start setting reminders for myself
RT : Were so close!
Tell congress 2 pass the healthy skool lunch bill.
We need ths 2 combat childhood obesity.
Dont let it...
Cheetahs win again!!!
Yaaay!!
We party more, we talk funny, everything is better with music  friends, we eat a lot, and we love life quite a bit...
HBD Louisiana!
Girl your Twitter is BORING.
Welcome to Director of Imaging Services, Bill Cunningham, CDIA.
Glad to have you on board!
My pot pie has been in the oven too long.
I think its burnt.
:
Oh that's cool.
I guess.
Lol
New Assassin's Creed Notification Center pushes notifications: Duck.
NOW!
Dang right I'm still around.
Living large.
Been working on my Fed stimulus dollar applikation, breath some economy to Oregon.
That old cranky former IU coach on gameday, this should b fun lol
Mouth setting into a hard line and rolling my eyes Okay.
I have no idea how she found you.
can you picture me on a New Kids on the Block cruise???
Wanna warn about me?
About to go to a few different dates for warped this summer the lineup is amazing
I jus made a crazy hook to the beat i got from Lex Luger.
The producer that made tyga lap dance, jayz and kanye Go HAM and rick ross BMF
I am often better in the dialogue in my head!
And I ALWAYS win : LOL
Crashed out hard on the bro's last night lol
i got one
And I can think of about 8000 other things I'd rather be doing than be at this work meeting........
It's 2 o'clock in HR.
You know what that means??
It's officially hit the fan.
Wildfires everywhere!
More of The Civil Wars Please
Samuel Jackson on Pulp Fiction 
I'm up like I dont have nothing to do in the morning.
Free parking downtown/ pearl today.!!!
Don't forget: Book a Scentsy party w/me in Nov and receive a FREE plugin warmer of your choice!
Life long friends made.
Reunited with old friends.
Met  on the same day!
Saw lives changed!!!
Lionell Hollins, who was a solid guard back in the day can't be happy with the Grizzlies 11 turnovers.
We're hiring!
RT : Looking for a job in NYCs booming tech sector?
See whos hiring on the MadeInNY Digital Jobs Map
Ah I give up...
if you were to say 'come with me', even now I might go 3
hahah okay so I didn't really look at the picture when you showed it to me, but I know one of your first trick or treaters
Have a great time at the Radio Party in Vegas!
Say hi to our devs !
Yum, Apple Jacks 3
Come to find out that it will take billions, gazillons, etc years for it to end or atleast 7000 years.
I be dead YEARS when that happen.
Nothing about this weekend is the worst.
damn that's a clean fridge!
hugs and takes my ex with him
at dinner.
How late is too late for me to walk by?
RT : Interesting question: do you think sound will be used more or less in mobile apps as they evolve?
mmsw more, sound could  brand
I sell dope I fuck hoes and make songs bout da shit
how you liking miami so far?!
I live 45 mins away.:
We love you guys too!
RT : Oh yeaah.
We love :
MT : Congratulations to for winning Almont Lindsey Award  to for winning Willie Lee Rose Award
canary can u shout us out?
Were getting fanmily to share their TW stories about how and when they met the guys.
Dammit!
Need more for this trek to Texas!
Young professorssionals Join us for a Miracle Board meeting 6pm TODAY at Arnold Palmer Hospital: 92 W.
Miller Street, Orl.
?'s:
Silly, that would make them lumberjacks or yokels, not hillbillies.
Nice!
Find that nest!
yeah i thought it had a few too many jokes but whatever.
i know all those jokes weren't the part that was for me.
My pants are so much looser.
:
diplo all night
This guy at the bike shop is super smelly ..
and annoying
playing a De La Buena version of a tune on  best start to the afternoon.
Table readings on Sat and Monday.
NP Queens Of The Road Rita Jones
I hate it when restraunts seat me in the corner cause they think I am crazy
If you have pix of BnBWed please delete incriminating ones and email me the others
nothing really
My weekend starts at 2pm today.
For some reason Austin looks like Nick Jonas!!
: Lol
Haven't been out for days cuz of illness :
Not quesioning it, but I'd be interested in seeing a cost analysis on that.
Cause that's just the kind of dork I am.
The fog is back.
Summer is coming.
While I am pleased for my neighbors that they are remodeling, the clangor of construction noises doesn't exactly make productivity a breeze.
Thank you for the follow
LIKE, IDK MAN BUT PATTIE AND JEREMY HAD GREAT SEX OK.
JUSTIN IS FLAWLESS.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
falling asleep to the sound of the rain...
when you first started following me like months ago I thought i would pass out
We love you You are a reformer and redeemer of culture.
D EdWeekTeacher These 2 links you just posted aren't working.
FYI.
I will say it for you.
We want peace and justice.
And we want you to denounce Hamas and refrain from being with terrorists.
I signed up right away when I saw there'd be sushi ;
MJ?
Really that one was stupid easy.
funny!
Thanks for the follow.
So proud of our Koinonia Christmas leaders!
Awesome event!!!
Thank you to all!!!
900 words left to go on this stupid 1,000 word essay project ...
YEE
HOMECOMING BABY!!!!
That's whats up this weekend!!!!
Is any else getting the ADOBE UPDATE NOTIFICATION email PHISHING SCAM?
Delete immediately!
Can't believe it begins with Hello dear
Jus got done taking mi SOL for biology!
You have a little fucking head.
That does not bode well when it comes to debate.
Zusi's ball really was almost Fabregasesque.
Sigh.
Don't mean it at all...I'll believe it when I see it
Stroller 4 babytoddler can run away and u can't keep up!
We used an umbrella stroller occasionally if we'd be walking a lot.
End of season for the wildcats :...
Hello out there!!
What's up sis?
Oh, wow  happy birthday!
bet i got ya
They threw a revolution and nobody came.
McPherson square more or less empty at the moment.
WTF!
That is a serious offense RT A coworker ruined the end of the Bachelor for me this week.
Ugh.
dude, totally.
Oh sandwiches...
Nice grammar catch btw.
Did you know the longest possible eclipse of the sun is 7.31 minutes
HANNAH BANANA YOU NOE ILOVEYOU?
WELL I DO CHICKEN NUGGET: lmao
N my brother probly told her whn he saw her
So, Deimos and Huracán.
Greek and Spanish names from an Italian company, owned by Germans.
Hooray diversity.
I could care less what my mom says anymore.
what up!
When we linkin?!
Woooohoooo.
I love my husband so much it freaking hurts.
ok I did everything can u do can I follow me and list me
Up early...
Goodmornin people
What are ghosts' favorite kind of streets?
Dead ends.
Happy Halloween!
thanks to all for attending tasting.
BTW anyone leave a ceramic travel coffee mug?
Me too!
This is great info!
RT Three slides in and I have already learned new things about SM Analytics from
Thanks for Watching!!
RT: Just chose to watch instead of network tv.
Inspired...
4th for sure :
RT RT Pelosi just went down in American history.
And disappeared from Texas history.
What do you think are the top 3 issues likely to be on the table at the UNFCCC COP in Durban?
Thank you to all of the most amazing vendors, awesome musicians and lovely folks who made it out to The Crafty Underdog show yesterday!
If you guys out there in Twitter land could see what I'm watching right now, you would definitely NOT believe in evolution.
I LOVE YOUR FAMILY
What's your favorite European Wax Center product?
yeah well im at barnone with a gin n tonic so take that!
I'm sorry the Holocaust was terrible yes, but tht does not give Israel immunity frm potential human rights issues in Gaza Strip
Feel like getting hood today.
Hi Anissa, Thank you for following!
Have a great week!!
Agreed.
sales are made best bellytobelly
ifYouBelieveHavoc you'd try to doctorw a charge from Blake Griffin
Dustin Hoffman and Jessica Lange at the Golden Globes...Tootsie reunion.
I 3 them.
What is it with me  people with their AARP cards?
Is this a decrease or an increase?
Death Metal from Costa Rica!
Text getaob to 88704 to check out Advent of Bedlam.
me too dude!
Dentist waiting room shit
RT : Got a crib mattress from our sweet youth group tonight!: love our dickson family // That's awesome!!!
Being underweight has totally screwed up my health.
I just need to get through the rest of this year without missing school.
I think Bitchin' is my favorite use of bitch.
Been studying so much my head hurts like crazy!!!!
FRANKENSTEIN FEST TODAY!
Meet Frankenstein and watch a theater performance of Finding Frankenstein at 6PM.
Open until 8!
Bring friends!
John LeClair 10 scored in the Flyers alumni game.
Great dude looked like he as having a great time.
congratulations!!!
What does Mad Men and Saved by the Bell have in common?
mister Belding
Woah!
Crazyhow's it going?
I'm suspecting you put it online in March just as all of our workloads ballooned out of control...
;
Haha isn't that the truth!
RT : Id read a note if it came that way.
lessnoise RT : T4: Courier pigeon
love that!
Thanks Mark!
I hope comes to san antonio tx on their us tour.
They haven't the last 2 times and they promised after what happened at boozle
the round green fox hopped past the boring dog.
i buy them out everytime!
Wife is hitting another store tonight..
why don't y'all mix lol?
I love the heat
Omfg!
If I find out that you are fcking cheating on my mom,I swear I will give you bf.
Even my grandma will have the guts to kick you out:
yeah I just don't think it is for me...
I tried though!
Amazon return shipment ahoy!
Hacked by , Your favorite neighbor in the world ;
I wish she follows me it would make my day shine....
If the Bruins can break Holtby, the Capitals look like they will fold like a card table.
Need more scoring from first two lines!
ha, ironically, this little 36 min concept mix has all 3 of them on here.
I have 2 more mixes that should be done asap.
The J Man broha is on Twitter.
That deserves a chant.
Harley Quinn Tshirt  Harley Quinn Batman Adult Hot Pink Tee
home with family...sxsw is not even a close second
love is like a rubber band we all pull on one end while the other lets go then we always get hurt at the end
Jennifer Hudson's tribute was so classy and powerful, a perfect sentiment
It's a really bad piece of legislation IMHO.
May put European websites at a disadvantage against those operated from the USA.
Rockin' Around the Christmas Tree Grows in Brooklyn
Went thru some bullshit this morning.
Can't wait til I leave for CT...
Now this is the we all know and love
Because it's a great rivalry and the Canadiens are the best
Sitting in sun, trying hard to get my skin to adopt a less blue hue, but News Quiz has ended and I'm now terminally bored.
Prefer snow.
Meeting with rob...
Makin a hit!
Happy to be home after great few days in LA.
Exhausted but super jazzed about reception of befearless at COFLA !
Get rich or die trying ...who's gona come first :
Sitting at my desk at watching OO m1gs go down a few blocks away via livefeed on my computer.
Odd world I live in.
u r going to get chonchitos and cellulitis ' 
awesome, keep me updated.
It's really boring..
God bless anyone willing to coach this bunch!
I'll never understand how headphones can get so tangled up in such a short amount of time
Tonight for CARE week will be a very exciting event in the Rat at 9 pm.
Emancipation ROCKlamation sponsored by REACT.
Tickets at door.
that might have had something to do with it you kinda made me tune out
great call!
25 gift card to goes to...!
R.I.P.
Steve McNair.
A true football legend!
It's great to see society is acknowledging the terroristic tactics of an exspouse.
My ex spouses abuse is unrelenting
RT if u like the acoustic version of 'never let you go' better then the studio version
Substance abuse week ends with doctorg roundup
Just had a client tear up when we explained the wireframe and creative concept of their site.
Doesn't get much better than that.
great!
how are you?
see you at homecoming?
Opting for my fave, Beef Carbonnade from Slow and Easy cookbook
TheOysta killed you and collected your bounty.
Your bounty was worth a total of 917.1K and was funded by That's just wrong!
going 2 go watch Glee!
Kudos to and the rest of the stellar cast of Steel Magnolias on a great performance last night.
Catch it 2nite at USF PAC!
np jack the ripper  2003 wayne .
good luck tonight!
sorry I can't be there!
Yes.
Please.
its said i got to tell that bitch stfu lol get off twitter fake ass
nowplaying Charles Mingus, Stormy Weather  off In a Soulful Mood.
I wrote that from so figured I should clear up from my account.
:
When u try to reach someone and they never answer
haha oh really??
I may have to get that for break
whys that?
good point but he was good...tannehill is not
RT My day to day possessions...
I love my life, got out the hood, but never forgot where I came from...
that don't make u
Today Is the day.
We leave for state tournament today.
The tournament starts Tuesday!
I will keep everyone posted!
Let's go!!
Happy Friday Cupcateers!
We sold out.
We will make more tomorrow.
XO
My parents called me gay and Greek in the first 5 minutes I've been up.
GM, Have a Good one.
where do you have a gig?
That's what's up.
Let's try and link up at an event on Saturday.
Still love u but im over you
I have originality in my beats  get at me  dm me your info
That is AWESOME!
Thank you!
RT : I'm in!
will match that 500!
for Officer Vrtoshnick
Yup!
My life story....
What grade are you in??
He lied
prereq.
Arm strgth  acc.
Only thing against him was youth and inexp.
Top notch intangibles  will reach pot.
Interviewing was exactly the health kick I needed to stay on track the rest of the week!
I cant seem to do anything right today lol
New post: New Delorme Topo USA 8.0 East Region View Cache Descriptons In Full Other Cachers' Log Notes
I think the lakeshow may have finally found their game or the nuggets has lost theirs, bc it a 13 pt lead for the home team.
smh!!
That be dat 95 bull!
Oh brother...make it a double...
How perverse!
The past three days ,areas within a one mile radius of my home get showers but hardly a doctorp of rain at my house.
When don't we know what's best???
Oh hell to the no no!!
Okay getting that extra shot in my mocha was prob not a good idea.
Walking around the block to burn off the extra energy before author event
W Hotels Worldwide and Design Miami/ Basel Announce the Winners of the 2012 W Hotels Designers of the Future Award
Sometimes I truly believe people are brain dead idiots and if you think I'm talking about you..you are probably right stupidpeoplesuck LOL!
EVERTHING MUST GO !!!
HUGE MOVE SALE !!!
Something bout love,
I've been thinking of opening the studio back up
I was checking out some pictures from your 15th birthday party.
you were looking very classy.
oh  how can I forget the cane?
A kiss to build a doctoram on
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.
Vince Lombardi
you were a beast!
Love you to pieces!
you should record something for me to play on The Pansophy Project w/Niki Gee..remind people you a dope poet
Very stoked to see that recent message about Raleigh!
Looking forward to talking more with you at Cs, CW, or in the fall.
yes, you can tweet from twfall, but you have to sign in and ok twfall access to Twitter
Giddy up to Amici's Tonight!
After diner crowd enjoy Nashville recording artist Shane Byrant w/doctornk specials  5 martinis starts at 9pm!
where will Crawford end up???
I always have 2 get 2 lg bags of ur chips at They are just too good that I have 2 bring extras home.
Going to Flogging Molly tonight.
Woo.
It's mutual.
April will be even better.
Need jersey shirts printed for your recreation, YMCA, or church team?
DM or  Now and we'll take care of them for you!
good god...
Thx for sharing
Sunny ass day.
Wasting it by sleeping in bed.....
Im soo lazy!!
please may I have some
I feel like I am going to lead you on..
All happiness or unhappiness solely depends upon the quality of the object to which we are attached by love.
Spinoza
MT : With current surplus in humanities PhDs, it wld be counterproductive to make PhDs more easily attainable through reforms.
I went to grade school  h.s.
w/ Jenny.
Thanks!
Bedtime ran long tonight!
as said, We all work for someone, : 
SAVE 135 when you sign up for High Speed Mobile Internet.
FREE SETUP  DELIVERY, call 3614294758.
CorpusChristi WiMAX  Back guarantee!
That was a crazy fuckin doctoram!!
murder sex Realmafiashit hammers crv's
Happy new year!
Join us today for happier healthier new year!
8275239.
you look like a genius
So glad to hear the topic of transgender discrimination being thoughtfully discussed in
Casting new music video for this coming Sunday.
Looking for men and women 1830.
Submit headshots and resumes to
Bahahaha oh the thoughts that are running through my mind.
I'm donating!
Lol!
I saw this!!
Why can't it be on the weekend?!
Oh my!
Bob's Burgers is on now!
Watch it.
Now!
No tickets, collected RSVPs to judge crowd size.
Your friend should come...
just get there early.
See YOU at the VIP thang.
TGIWW, Thank God it's WineWednesday!
10 off all bottles of wine all night
No better place to live but in Houston!!!!!
Storm, sex d weed  that deal !
bahahahhaha!!
keep the call me maybe parodies coming please!!
:
St Patty's day outfit 75 complete.
OH SNAP!
yes its gonna be a lot of Fun iam very excited
ES WS seemed to have a lot of those.
Can't even lie, I really like this kid,.
3
HardestThingsInLife for you guys seem to be getting me my glasses in less than a month.
2 Fish and 5 loaves...
Multiplication !
!
..when lights were turned on discovery found three bottles of lydacane not used by paramedics but by conrad murderer..he killed mj :
Medical Anthro from Harvard...
I guess that counts, sort of...in a way.
Finally home...its a beautiful thing
DLG Engineering, Inc.
has just been selected by the Greater Miami Chamber of Commerce as one of South Floridas' Top 100 Minority Businesses
thank you!!!
See you tonight!
i will support you till the end!!
:D i LOVE u 33 xoxo follow back!
;
That worked.
Thanks!
Previous tweet is a true story or resembles my life pretty accurately, haha!
we really do all of us need a lutheran reunion
50/50 Cent is online twitter right now...would he sign me hire fifty to work for me
Thank you for stopping by!
Good, Stephanie....
Good.
Bahahaha
My boyfriend's car won't start.
Dang i feel bad cuz neglected my new followers which are da bruhs
I have to say  It's weird to be hearing 's voice in the background while I watch on a different channel
Tina of ; at Psa jam
I spring forth from the pages into your arms.
hillsong united is minutes away from stepping on stage!
I believe in
If I know more than I think I know that means that I didn't know that I didn't know
see you tonight I'll harass you then...maybe even beat you in thumb wrestling just to put u in your place!
What most people need to learn in life is how to love people and use things instead of using people and loving things.
A game is coming your way!
Don't be frightened by the horrific doctorwing.
Thanks so much for the follow xoxo
Looks like oil or diesel fuel poured on Monarch Pass descent.
CDOT on it.
for vacations do you like sun and sand or sightseeing?
Our team wishes you a Happy New Year full of chocolate adventures....Ashley, Alexandoctor and Jerome
YOU'RE GONNA BE SO HOTT!!
Six people on first Dahmer tour in Walker's Point.
Fucking up takes practice; I feel I'm well rehearsed.
Goo Goo Dolls, Only One
call me 2104203577
A child makes the same mistake over and over.
An adult corrects their mistake by trying something new.
Start your weekend off right!!
Stop by !!
Over 30 dancers tonight!!!!!!!
we knew it!
We're a little psychic :
Coffeedup for a big day today follow for details
THAT is the Aram and Cappy I remember from 2007...
Have you started planning your holiday parties?
The more the merrier!
We can host your party in our private dining room.
Contact us today!
And the Commondorks, I mean Commonwhores, I mean....
You know what, doesn't matter.
Cats win!
If you need a shoulder, or if you need a friend, I'll be here standing until the bitter end.
I know !
We haven't even taken the test yet .
ughh but I'll Hurry hehe 3
Chargiin up my ipod
I think all he needs is a defense, he can put points up without a problem, he needs a defense that can hold teams to 17 points
When you're not watching , turn to for latest in entertainment news!
Host is a USC alum!
Duke defector is the frontrunner for NBA rookieoftheyear.
Should he have gone pro from H.S.?
The NBA doesn't allow it.
my account on fizzyfamily.com got suspended and idky because i have not been on for like 2 or 3 weeks and now i cant get on at all
dude have you really reduced the jungle into the crappy game show Name That Tune I REALLY hope next segment you Step yo game up!
i sure hope so!
cause i ate the chinese food like around 5!
Would u rather get a sneak peak of Everything I Do cover or Strangers from my album?
Thanks for the retweet
but the politics are deeply intertwined with who Chickfila is.
You can't have one without the other.
you text me.:
5yrs ago I knew a lot of hiphop heads that wouldn't be caught dead listenin to techno
So your mom don't know?
I know I be so fn busy yo..my life speed went from 30 to 100 ever since I left BB.
Smh.
Lol.
I be tired as shit.
it's in Oakland.
My Yankees are playing my A's.
THANK YOU :
Twitter is starting to become boring or it could just be my TL..
i live in Ny lol so start a walkin here
me to and i am ready for it lol
Wow, almost 5 and I've worked the night away!
If i fall asleep now it's overok, think I'll get ready for today..ill sleep later.
GM peeps!
Some of the Dance Mom stars are at the performance at Seton Hill today!
Thanks to everyone who's now following me...need some more!
Dumb question, but do bike pumps need a needle?
I have a pump, but it wont fit on the tire.
Good 4th, rest of game was just ok.
Bring!DtoHawaii !!!!!!!
Come on guys !
Congrats to the homies and keeping Houston on the map on the rb scene!
Happy Friday!
Only one more week till Mobile World Congress!
We can hardly wait!
Just finished a great night with the Bobby Broom Trio at home base  Pete Miller's in Evanston, IL
but like ...
where she put the cell phone e.o
It's the Kobe show at Staples.
Not that that's anything new...watchoutNuggets 29 points, 11 in the third.
It's the last day of our 5 week Euro trip.
Plan to wander a bit about Amsterdam, then come back to pack.
same were basically twins!!!
After a manicure and some bushy eyebrow weedwhacking, I almost feel human again.
Hey : do you know approx.
when TV is raising our childoctorn!!!
panic began?
Peaked?
Went into decline?
Enquiring minds etc.
Thank you for following us at actinginla.org Were following you too!
We are on our way to 210 Westwood Place in Brentwood!!
Sun is shining and great food, why wouldn't you stop by!?
Police activity at Wilson.
Stay classy, CTA.
This game is in the refrigerator!
The doors are lock, the eggs are cool, and the jello is giggling!!!
Lakers 1 KB 24 MVP!!!
:D
whats good with D.rose tho ?
good stuff so far from excellent dance moves on  2
Girls say ppl are talking about you when your ears ring; and it's true bc guys are talking about how they ejaculated in your ears.
ALC Boot Camp is underway and going well at Manpower Group!!!
Today's program: Career Exploration and College Information!
Looking for something different different in a social network check out THE EROTIC .com
and btw you're a cunt
Evolve or evaporate  Usher Raymond
I speak my mind because it hurts to bite my tongue.
Feel like a school girl when he looks up at me in the stands :
I went an created a gamer dna, for second chance game, same name as my first video I made, I am trying to get hip, like my kids...
I let em hide his weed in my titties 
Yes!
RT : Every tweet should have added to it.
Callahan is one heck of a captainin!
Great win
You can give without loving, but you cannot love without giving.
Amy Carmichael.
Watching The Blind Side :
If you find my deals good.
Please retweet it, so that your friends can also get benefit from those deals.
thats not too far from Chicago, not for a foxy zombie
It is 92 days, 23 hours, 10 minutes, 4 seconds until the start of the MLB season
You all rock!
RT
Thanks for the RT!
Investors : Reply if interested in a quick 500x return.
Deal can be closed w/o paperwork in 30 secs if you can break a 20.
It was you who did you do, You build a maze you cant get though!
Be sure to check out Golden Light Catina in Amarillo, Texas.
Oldest surviving bar on Historic Route 66!
Trying Yves hot dogs for the first time tonight.
Hubby has been raving about them.
YOLO eat horse tail
Congrats to rock star on election to angelcapitalassociation board of directors
You is a closet freak, but you is a cute one.
:
Shot Me Out Of The Sky
Welcome!
Follow back :
ha so I doctorpped a butter knife on my toe and cut it open....
brilliance!!
I lied.
I'm not going to sleep yet
visit www.peakdiscovery.com
Fun facts about teeth: The average amount of money the Tooth Fairy pays per tooth is about 2.
He grips the chair tensely and speaks hoarsely.
His face slowly flushes crimson.
SERVITUDE
I'm trying a new recipe so we'll see how this goes over..lol..
Lmao, IM just saying.
No different than Atlanta Lol
I wouldn't mind going on a cruise that only served PopTarts.
omg yes.
omg we isz gunna be the next One Direction.
Change and growth take place when a person has risked himself and dares to become involved with experimenting with his own life.
H.Otto
CONGRATULATIONS!
Ivy Lies been named Band Of The Week at Sunset Island Music.Theyll be featured on 5POINTSLIVE and The Rock Show on 96.5 FM
that sounds really good!!
ok i wasnt gonna say nothin but DAMN ur abs are amazing!!!
ok bye lol
I don't think any of you are ready for this new cover song.
Seriously.
Sometimes, its better to be a fool to go after what we want  need, rather than to regret everything in the end because we never even tried.
u r nvr on here punk!!!
Ahaha yes!
He looks even sexier!
haha well yeah I love winter rain and snow ..!
:
fuck what the monster said somehow the monster's dead
Um RT : SecDef welcomes Israeli Minister of Defense Ehud Barak to the Pentagon tomorrow.
very true.
I hate not remembering what I said
Couple of books you're missing: THE WHOLE FREAKING HARRY POTTER SERIES, The Tenth Circle and Nineteen Minutes by Jodi Picoult
Thank you, Good Friend:
Werrrrrrd..
RT : lol it could be a possibility , i'll be in the area anyway
is she texting u again?!
Well played match by Chelsea today, phenomenal performance.
: you are nice
Playing a Benefit Show Saturday October 1st at Sonoma State University's Green Music Center...4pm, more details to come...
Going to see in NYC ......
That moment when you have only 4 minutes left and you type your name wrong to hurry up :D
no!
When can I come visit?
It's actually a lot like that....
stomach ache 
we should go to the aquarium, i have never been!
haha
Dunno.
Got any suggestions?
Your face will melt off and your family will explode.
time for work!
Clicking a Facebook link or searching Google for credit card processing is a good way to get a deal right?
Want to know how it works?
I can its 10:32 pm good night love you
Niki works Saturday, but we'll convince her.
:
I'm watching.
Clippers game with Chadwick's parents missing 
what 40DAYS are you kidding me?
You want us to wait for 40Days duh, it's impossible:
Got that right.
Enjoy one of Summer's few remaining weekends with pizza and ice cold beer on the patio.
You won't regret it!
Your Life Is An Even BIGGER Joke If You Think Kobe Suck
haha its all good!
Its boring.
Cant wait!!
RT : ppandf2 THIS SATURDAY !!!!!!
Enough with the salsa already, let's see he he does next year
its disappointing that mlg is considering a game which requires little skill over halo.
bad choice.
/ A little BUZbuz s/o to the ringers from our last BUZhunt SWAG Round contest.
May the best tweets win...
Get on a song wit me for a loww price, naw fuk it..
You make the price!
Holla at me.
You make the price it's a done deal!
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Taylor Gang or Die.
Haha
guess they only work half days
Does Bee dubs on the levee have power??
Packing art to show at the Las Vegas Expo...
I meant RT For an honest DM
Zero Dialect this sun at Southport Hall in Nola!!
An affiliate program is where I would get a commission if I refered people to you.
Half off wine by the bottle all day long at Purple Bellevue and Woodinville.
Stop on by and sample something you have never tried before :
It's like....
Whaaaattt???
How does that even make sense?
LOL.
Your two little buddies.
Still feel sick wish i had gone to school!
:
Fair enough!
I'm uncomfortable with the fact that every bartender I encounter will discover my actual age
he's jealous.
Thank you for the follow.
Robert
Get'n Fresh!!!
That's our goal  to make getting a haircut as convenient for you as possible.
Glad you find it valuable.
Letting things happen..
really blows up in your face
just be ghetto fabulous, steal her clothes and bf...
problemsolved 
yeah, we get it, most talented players fall into that category.
Such a lazy description.
Scarfing down an AMAZING breakfast sandwich from !
I'll be sure to check it out!
Thanks for the head's up!
I need one of those signed!
brett and i are working on falling still: short answers!
stay tuned..
Thanks for following, , , , !
Sprinkle of Greatness mixtape COMING FEB.
2012!
Featuring Tex!
Release party in the works!
will you ever do a song with ?
Ariana100Questions 9
Anymore heat doubters????
sunset was a success!
Kudos to millennial postpunk pop bands who played  Comet last night: C'Mon C'Mon, Jaguar Paw, Wheelie, Hollywood 77.
Add to Puget Sounds?
It'll be quick.
It's only 2 minutes :
Today I'm gonna buy the all new BlackBerry Curve 9360!!!
Ho yeah!
;
Having volleyball withdoctorwals ....
Thx for RT!
Check out our website and let us help get ur vacant listings noticed online  sold fast!
I Will Forever Love No Matter What Anybody Says.
33333
Thank you for standing against misogyny!
RT : Most teenagers want doctorgs, alcohol and parties.
I just want twitter and Justin Bieber....
my parents should be proud.
P.S.
All of this is tearing me apart.
I don't know where us or this start.
Fine!
Let him come find me!
RT : I think Gronk may have something to say about that.
Rain, a good book, and damn good coffee!
:
LEND ME MONEY FOR CHEETOS!
You are the best thing thats ever been mine!!:
Rule 1 of today's web development...
Do NOT have music autoplaying on your website.
Not cool and very 1999ish.
say it ain't so...reports say cutler has a broken thumb and could miss 68 weeks after surgery
I can cook!
Currently Allerent Consulting is one of only a few companies offering social media consultation services focused on small businesses.
What's wrong with me?
I asked out loud to no one in particular.
It's the dork in me, you, was the reply.
What?
is irc down too?
Cant connect from phone
I would have never pegged you as a person who watched skins!
Which series are you in?
Best ad so far: Audi's Release the Hounds
I wish I lived close to you ladies : You have to come to Chicago soon!
Lamar, follow the new twitter home of WLT radio!
at one of my favorite Starbucks locations in Nashville on 21st Avenue!
girl you're just a couple exits and a state away bring yo ass LOL
Life is limited so grow some balls and find the right person for you and stay by their side no matter what.
YOLO.
XD
finally listened to One Direction
Ugh do the nasty with me bieber
looks like someone trying to jump out the way of 44 and not bringing both his legs.
I feel bad for people that have to keep up a fake persona.
Must be a lot of work to keep that up.
Need RB beats?
Contact me at
Probably not, I was just creeping on your twitter
No question.
Mere suggestions of the familiar, not true discovery.
Sitting in the greenroom and I hear someone, on stage, start singing the lyrics from YMCA.
Gotta love the theatre!
Hanging with Jenni and the 2 P's!
Getting ready for Connection Group, it's one of the highlights of my week!
INCOMPLETE PASSES book signing, 45 this afternoon Oconto, WI.
Come talk books and Packers!
Its funny how people keep saying so  so for prom king, queen, prince, and princess.
You cant do that or you are disqualified.
Hehe.
i follow back just mention me
Congratulations!
Hines  Kim are the winners of Dancing With The Stars!
Ok, it's 8pm and I have spent ALL DAY screwing around with TOOLS and not actually getting my project done.
So frustrating.
I have just created a new list titled 'University of Virginia' using TweetDeck, follow it here: /universityofvirginia
Baby bite the pillow
want to grab a doctornk later?
Seven car crash John Nolen EB.
Traffic backed up to the far end of Olin Park.
Avoid the area.
miss you ladies like crazy!
reread what I wrote.
jackass
RT if you're ready for warped tour 2012!!
Guess I should get some sleep before my opens tomorrow.
Come look at some houses!
Today, September 5  5 PM  Question Reality on LA Talk Radio  Robert Steffen  Actor, Musician, Producer  latalkradio.com  Channel 1
follow back?
why thank you very much.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
Confucius
sweet, I may have a chance to redeem myself at darts haha
ironman!
:D and yours?
Dear ItsMe, thanks for following!
I'd definitely vote for that.
Phone calls, too.
RT I wish there was a 'spam' button for paper mail.
His father prepared him for everything except the celebrityLewis Black in Golf Digest
really interested in learning more about Digital Ops Center i'm located in DC how can i volunteer?
I sure know what it's like to be alone
May the fourth be with you!
Happy Star Wars Day!!
how is it?
got a new truck.
Awesome.
You must come investigate.
Paxton
haha me and my cousin have been waiting for it to come back on forever!
Just ordered a 3 month subscription for my Godmother as a Mother's Day gift.
interesting.
was writing a review for Better Then The Best about black athlete's cognizance of role in civil rights mvmt
because I'll be the key to unlock the light in your universe!
hey bro what's good??Lets talk tonight to catch up
tough break..
He sure is a back breaking player!
New Mexico just became the 11th state granted a NCLB waiver, according to Ed Dept.
No word yet on whether it's conditional.
Details on how to win tickets from Ward's facebook  twitter coming soon!
One week away!
Come visit us on the IF grounds.
RT : Social demands transparency.
Be it a political campaign or brand, social voice is a powerful fact checker.
Love my CATS now 10 on the SEC road !!!
GO BIG BLUE !!!!!!
Entrepreneurial Lesson 3: Learn to accept the idea that all ideas don't either get big or go home; some live in the space in between.
the point is to keep leftovers for NEXT week.
I don't think that'll last long enough.
And even if it does, I'm not trying it.
kinda bored
It's only 7 at night and this place is already a ghost town...
someone save me from this misery
doing homework.
cool kid right hurrr.
This girl with self snap photos taken with a nintendo ds is tryna talk to me on facebook.....
Hope everyone is doing dandy!
doctorgon ball z Kai and gt air on nicktoons  wat about naruto, bleach, and fmab that air on adult swim
the Knicks probably should just leave the game with bags over their heads.
That team has so much potential, but they are terrible at times.
Attention!
My cellphone is not working.
If you need to reach me, please email .
MelloyDodge  We are here to help!
doctorp by our showroom today at 9621 Coors Blvd.
NW Albuquerque, New Mexico.
We're thinking ahead to our May Food  Wine issue, which features our annual Hot Plate awards.
What are some of your ABQ food favorites?
can't even tell you how excited we are!
: So who's excited for 8.6?
spop12
you know you've made it when your music gets played at a down home pool hall.
nice!!
I love Hannah.
She's so nice!!
Call our professorssional Bridal Consultant about our AMAZING Sunday special pricing.8797015
lol oh shit I didnt even notice it was...i was caught up in the moment
Hope you feel better soon!
Thans for the follow!
Businesses should provide outdoor work space environments, encouraging employees to get some fresh air each day bringing their work outside.
be careful u don't get charged with aggravated assault 
sweet avi bro Heyman Guys..lol that's classic!
it's the only bad thing about wearing a jean jacket
GOD IS A DJ, LIFE IS A DANCEFLOOR, LOVE IS THE RHYTHM, YOU ARE THE MUSIC!
RT
I'm flattered!
It's just a way to ward off boredom.
: your road trip live tweeting is nothing short of inspired, my friend.
It's crazy at the FedEx forum.
The grizz are rockin!!!!
so how's Miami man?!?!
Indiana man charged with child sexual exploitation
Bosque bike trail is SO gr8 after resurfacing.
Thx 2 city of ABQ 4 putting to good use money saved from other project!
On trail tmister!
MLB At Bat '12 doctorps today.
I think Im disproportionally excited for that, but it means the season is THAT much closer.
Happy Halloween Everyone!!!
Embrace your inner nerd.....
I'd joke about proximity, but it might not travel well.
Nightnight.
Love.
Tonight sara and taylor are going to do a cover of weightless by all time low and if we succeed we will post the video
I don't really even do that...at least this year.
I am so uninterested to a point
I miss my girl.
Sittin here pretty damn bored right now
I just found a poop stain on my shirt.
I would love that RT great.
we going to have a Universal Studio Date coming soon
walking the path of greatness...
Hey, no problem red line door hugger, I'll just walk through you.
follow back??
Picking up paint for my box.....
Awww yeah...
chilled wit' my girls  DaddyTime!
No better way to spend the weekend!
CLIPPERS 71 Memphis 63 5:58 left in 3rd quarter.
DJ headed to FT line.
How do I go to bed at least 2 hours after everyone else, and I'm the first one up...
Come on people!
It bugs me how people think they're a mahomie just because they think Austin is cute.
no.
go away.
familiar w/ the highland park store.
That'll be sufficient.
I'll leave your chicken and probably get some
Looking for some cheap chalkboards.
I think I'll try City Liquidators today.
Rockies Scutaro starting to pick up his bat.
4 hits last night, gets on with a single and comes around to score in first tonight.
Know any youth in BC who might be interested in this awesomeopportunity?!
Spread the word!
cpawsbc.org/getoutsidebc
An average of 8,000 Americans are injured by musical instruments every year
yougetpoints if you can name the first 151 pokemon without cheating.
Thank you for the Pinterest invitation!
To share the kindness, if anyone else wants an invite, just let me know!
At smokey bones  :
Shout out to
Fell asleep while doctorving...
Oops!
well you know now :p and isnt even on the list ;
I hate when you call a customer service line ready to rip them a new one, but the rep is so nice that you can't.
Stock market down again on European worries.
Is that really news after a year?
Going to the game, wearing almost every piece of clothing I own except my Broncos jersey.
oh god what's going on?!
Haha I can only imagine
Sarcasm is just one of the many services I offer to people who ask dumb questions.
Transcripts are a great idea, a wonderful community effort.
I still wish they'd break up their shows into reasonable chunks.
You've managed to figure Twitter out.
I could really care less about this game lol
Thanks for sharing Neal.
I really liked the song.
Thanks for MT!
awesome, congrats.
let's catch up sometime.
Nice little postwork reception spent catching up with some familiar faces and gabbing with the fellow Canucks in the room.
Packing up wardoctorbe for shoot today!
So excited!!
This morning my 10month old grabbed the remote and recorded This Week with George Stephanopoulos.
Getting an early start on politics...
Never forget where you came from.....
up and down graduation eve..
fired up right now.
Luckily, highlighted the night, and came through like true family
lol i was entertained by the twitter thugs bashing on you these cats are lame fcuk philly!
Hhaha i got you P
Survived our final School of Music audition day.
Very excited that we have a whole lot of students interested in enrolling at
yes!
advanced copies just went out this week.
Will be playing in that area.
Wont be going downtown.
Emergency Extractor
Standing in line waiting to FINALLY break the silence!!
your a scene
Haven't bowled and open frame since called me out.
Looks like they're going Phil Donahue style in pro social media forum.
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common.
They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
Dear Popular People, They didn't name candy after you did they?
Sincerely Nerds.
it'd be awesome if SportingKC gets a Cruz Azul player in return.
Gerardo Torrado?
:D :D
i don't think i'm going to school tomorrow...
:
so...
so...
Anyone want to OCCUPY Mainstreet Pub w/me this afternoon?
last one there has to set up the outside tables in the rain
At least it show's he can still hit something
takes the stage to talk about why it's hard to get paid for free and how to do it
i dont enjoy watching science movies
MOST People are bitches...
Yesterday 30 mi.
a half day off in Sandpoint, ID.
More books!
Today 88 mi.
to Ione, WAabout time!
Camping along Pend Orielle River in ...
thx Brian.
CES is comingup quickly  we R extremely excited 2 show the world!!!
Will U B thr?
then force all of their apps to run on the newest
doctorve out there almost fell asleep.
From all of us here at the Space Room Lounge, we wish you a huge happy Easter!
ditto RT : Had a great time last night in SYR with and learning about
This is some funky weather sprinkling with the sun in my face I luv it
Every time I tweet or , 's phone goes off like 3 times.
Sessions start nice to be workin
Unsure, resend to Thanks
This sub is annoying the fuck out of me!
Wish I could speak another language fluently
We're closed until Tuesday, January 10th, for our annual winter hibernation and spruce up at Acme Hotdogs!
See you soon!
GAH!
Sorry guys, I guess the preview was just a rumor?
So upset...
Who would do such a thing to our fragile fangirl hearts?!
Caitlin xx
Need to see L.A.
kickin the ball out to you and hit that 3.
You could be home in SEA.
next night for home cookin.
Keep your head, standards, and heels high
Follow me so I can send u a message.
Sitting in the parking lot of the yoga studio, girl next to me just got out the car with a large McDonald's pop.
When was the last time a viciously antigay person was feted by the media?
The cops were absolutely unjustified RT : that was some insane shit!!
what show?
Very much looking forward to playing tonight at Cornelia Street Cafe with , , Chris Tordini, and Tommy Crane
These people who decided to get trashed on the train are calling me rockabilly.
I need a massage.
I'm speechless about the regime  how people are targeted.
These issues hit close to home, like your grandmother in disguise.
Are there any local bands in your area that you think are good?
Let us know who they are!
Block party today 110 Morningside NE.
Food, music, car show, and shopping!
Hope to see you there!
Wdf Says Yo Momma So Fat Rice Krispe Treats Dont Want Like Smh Dude You Lame Af To Say That.
Honesty Hour: I don't like the movie Caddyshack.
so that you'll never forget
Great first day with the Nortonians at the 2011 SHA conference.
I'm ready to see a kick ass Daytona 500 been waiting all weekend for this
now it's time to come to L.A
I love me being albino it wasn't so pleasant in the beginning but now it's kinda good ...
Enjoy your day everyone
Carrots rock.
Mocking bird above Sings: Repeat!
Repeat!
Repeat!
Or is it Replete!?
Almost but still need a few more days: Is this you, recharged and ready to head back to the classroom?
Battery Full 100 
You are.
Just ignore those people...
I'm at the W hotel right now trying to get a room....
just hauling trash cans out
Work bull shit.
If you are too lazy to walk a few feet to a crosswalk then maybe you deserve to.......just sayin
Laptop is really sluggish lately.
Time to defrag.
Have to be able to surf through all the good poetry this National Poetry Month.
cool.
Also, well done going to sweetwater during your first week in town!
Happy Mothers Day to ur Mom3
That logic is bulletproof!
I can't wait to meet Puppy Pants.
thanks for the retweet!
WILL EVERYONE GO FOLLOW !!!
PLEASEE!
What the heck did I do to my neck.
I cannot move it at all :
I'm very sick of fighting it's hurting me
Nia tonight at 6 pm in Campbell.
I hope to see you there!
Gym complete 
she just did my whole algebra exam study guide to study from while I just chilled there, and then have Neal a talking to
You also have to look at the expectations.
The Ravens were expected to be in super bowl contention, and lost the way they did.
really cool
R.I.P Ryan Dunn:/
I'm an Atlanta copywriter.
Let's talk!
RT : Don't forget, Packer and Badger specials during the games.
Stop out for a good time and touchdown shots!
Suddenly looking for work.
Was just laid off from Dublin and Associates.
It was a good job.
Today is da bomb
What can ever stop you from getting money?
?
Scared money don't make NO 
Totally but it knows it.
Now it's insufferable.
I got my dvr ready to record doug!
OhioState basketball team leaves Wed.
for New Orleans.
Will bus from High and Woodoctorff to High and West 11th on way to airport  5:155:30
now I can follow you, hope we can talk cowboys and good and bad medicine
Friday night  the Gradylady  a Super Sized PSYCH Premier  and closing in on a month at AxD.
Life is good.....
How's that?
Do something wrong?
Let's do something cliché to make it better.
Decided to go for a night walk.
There's police helicopters circling my neighborhood.
Oops.
Electrolytes killed.
And the Bay area loves you.
You did the darn thang last night at Yoshi's!!
Surround me in dubstep.
You'reAllINeed
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 21
ATL is so cold and they call it hotlanta  where is the hot in the Atlanta
thanks man, great win.
Is that Whiz Khalifa singing about the Steelers and Pens?
Haha
Im good and its fine that you have a life outside of twitter.
But you might have to make up for being late...
;
joe I am loving this article.
Thanks for sharing :
Listen at 4:30p as and announce the College Coach of the Year nominees.
I guess it's a no on cutting my layers today...
Gr8 movie bro!
RT : Finally sitting here about to watch Mission Impossible.
Heard it was great.
Evidently, I have good taste: Natl.
Geo.
also used Hubble pic of Orion nebula as their bookcover!
Thanks for buying the book and for the tweet!
could you please follow me back....ILY MORE THAN ANY SINGER EVER!!!!!
3
any features
Hey HomeDepot guy,FYI My hubby is MY assistant not vice versa  I don't have a plumber I'm DIYing.
Do the editing of the video.
The movie you make will get you to Spike Lee.
Everyday should start with some dip and duty!
Please help us share our news by following us and recommending that your followers do the same!
Did stage direction for a new musical in front of amazing writers in the entertainment industry
They're super busy right now no worries, I'll make sure I see all of the apps!
Thank you for the FF love.
Still happy to be in your Twittersphere!
Hope all is well.
will do...most definitely
Waiting for to call me for our annual anthem and coin toss bet.
Salazar won't run  endorses Hickenlooper for Colorado gov.
How do you think Hick will play outside Denver?
good look on the new video; still crushin on you BAN.
Off to the tang dead...
dead...
I want to eat victorias semi annual...
slash!
Free...
pair...pair of guts!
V
Doing an annotated bib on classification and cataloging.
Man, I love being a library science student.
Accurate namecalling can be done by people of all ages, boss.
Next time keep your opinion on such a sensitive subject to yourself
Shopping List: Hunger Games shirt and gray Vans.
Have fun out there, Greg!
Get the evil eyes ready for those who dare to applaud or cheer during the debate.
;
YES!
My hubby would be perfect for that job!
A 3:45am wakeup call is surprisingly more bearable when new travel is on the horizon.
Everybody Who Follow's Get Followed Right Back', Though I Dont Discriminate,Follow 4 Follow!
I UNFOLLOW BACK WITH THE QUICKNEST
What about article level usage factors?
That would be interesting.
2010 grand total : 3,843 beer tap t shirts on people I do not know.
Sure will be neat to see one someday on a strange person!
You truly make me happy and everytime I hear your name or see you it puts a smile on my face.
How do you do it?!
I'm a lucky guy :
I got coffee
Early morning shout out to all you VCU grads!
vcu2012 Glad to help you launch your career right here!
OMG REALLY!?
Ah :D
hmm yeah if it doesn't rain!:
For new music follow
lol it sounds good to me :
Aha, we only talked a couple times before on my old account.
you seem pretty chill!
:D
love u both and your music
Lunch is on the brain!!!
aww man : you're missin out!!!
thanks sweet nephew!
Please send link to post your music video.
Keep Aiming High!
The best is ahead...xoxo
Its Christmas Time today where I am.
Maybe I will be on sometime today before my family comes.
I have my special gift to give to my dad
are you going tonight babe?!
cause it's the coolest popup space  team ever!
RT cause they have the most creative, imaginative lounge furniture
Chillin at BWW's wit my homeboy
Earl the goat Manigault was the best player that never made it and Lebron James look like the best player that will never win!!
That's Why I Chose Yale
Bout to be a real big misunderstanding round this bitch furnituremovingjack!

watching Think Like A Man On Bootleg !
I'm doctornking 200year old scotch out of a hollowedout unicorn horn.
How's your Tuesday going?
Happy Friday and Opening Day  Go Brewers!
Babies, get ready for a new YOUTUBE vid!
Music!
Why is it so hard for me to stay happy?
After a very warm welcome from the Ark Church I visited Southern Baptists church.
Met a lot of great people!
I ain't sleeping.
I'm just taking a good look at the insides of my eyelids.'
please follow she is you biggest fan!11
Busy Workin extra hard and goin to school my daughters BDay is coming up so I gotta go in
FF Market favorites!
No idea what this chick said!
I couldn't hear her over the sound of how perfect her tits are.
I hope posts tonight 3:
I don't think I've ever hurt this bad in my life.
It keeps getting worse.
I just want to go back in time, to when things were perfect.
Happy day off!!
Niggas is lame man, straight up B.A.N.'s.
know you like WWE.
but do you follow Nascar , and if so, have a fav doctorver?
leaving tomorrow afternoon, we're meeting now at The Library on Sixth if you're up for it.
Where you be?
In piano class Practicing for our finals nxt month :/ all u ppl tht are almost out of school are some lucky b .
i still gotta month
yes hopefully :
can you now?!
And that's why you're the woman lol :
m.
but it would be tough not to doctornk wine in Napa.
APPL knocks it out of the park.
Again.
Despite the idiots who predicted gloom and doom.
Errands and emails today!!
FOLLOWING THE REAL fuck that police ass nigga WILLIAM ROBERTSON tryna be Rick Ross
Only watching ANTM's AllStars because they brought back
RT : A typical American eats 28 pigs in a lifetime.
Wondering if that's true.
can you say 'bacon'?
RT : Best way to kill your enemies?
SMILE
QoTD: Continuous effort, not strength or intelligence, is the key to unlocking our potential.
idk y bt i just had 2 tweet u 'cause u are my idolthe girl who inspired me to dance hope u feel good i hope u see this :D
No prob!
What else do you cover?
I'm cohosting an event on Sun.
for Southern Fashion Bloggers.
It's networking  small biz support.
Bandana Tied, Red Lipstick,  Misfits Shirt :D
oh my god that photo I can't wait for the video any longer asdgjwcld
Chocolate fountain at the Golden Corral is a good idea in theory.
Practice gets you a staph infection via people double dipping their ham.
I'll figure you're good for it...
ThingsWeAllHate not getting your BlacklightPartyOct22 and being able to go...
Guardian of Democracy
Registered for the conference!
Park City in June?
Definitely scored the best trip in my department.
double eagle....
wow...
Apparently, the REI dividend is in.
Looks like I have a night of shopping ahead.
:
: A typical Gemini pattern is to order a range of doctornks through the course of the night.
I will let you know later tonight about the prices  I just emailed you those PDF's!
Thnx 2 Tree Baltimore, the trees have arrived!
Tmisteris gonna B great.
If I get one tree into the sidewalk b4 the monsoon, I've made progress.
congrats to all that graduated today :
A stoner with a peanut allergy is a sad stoner.
Are colleges really preparing our kids for the workplace??
This Mariner game is a smoking train wreck.
Trying to amuse myself while I watch this team combust.
Nope, thanks for the followup.
You can keep going long after you think you can't.
So GO, Go, GO!!
Playing black opps wit my bro
Here at Petersburg on June 15, 1864, AfricanAmerican troops recorded their first major success of the war in Virginia.
Yes I am very proud : They are one of my favorites!
Looking forward to a great 2012!
i know im late but thanks 
yep no problem : how are things?
Laying at the beach 3
definitely but I have seen him and the btch mess w e.o before we went out, I dont think he's lying
Out of all the times a week i eat at mcdonalds, the one time i crave it ..
nope.
I know so dear ;
possible next step for union would be to add teachers to that list ...
Can we also put a line on how much longer keeps his job at the bank?
Why is 'The Incredibles' trending?
Ank' that movie 100 years old...
Then we got 'JustinBieberVEVO' trending, he has been hacked.
think i might go check the Lakers game at the bar
Ok but haven't we heard that story before  it better be epic!
Let the beauty we love be what we do.
RUMI
Spin class!
Lets do this!!
Kudos 2 All The Women That's Proud 2 Suck Dick LOL
Going to be recording some more in the studio tonight!
www.3sgiants.com!
CD coming soon!
Hope all is going well!!!
:
1 more day!!
Spent a great weekend in conversation re: communion understanding  practies with a variety of lay folks across the conference.
Was a Hoot!
That's much more sane.
Not like having 2 breakfasts and ice cream while solemnly swearing to eat a salad at some point.
BULGARIA BULGARIA BULGARIA!
Wish NKU's Chamber Choir luck as we compete in the European Grand Prix!
Caps Halpern says he's planning on playing next year
Lovely holiday lunch at Mercer Kitchen and now must take care of the final few batches of brownie gift orders.
thanks for the love today Brian!
It's been a great 15 years ...
headed out of Philly for the last time.
By Friday this week, Chicago will be home!
Watched the brewers win today, now it's time for the Canucks to take the presidents trophy.
Watching free pay per view.....
i was wondering if could follow me back, please?:
Wish me luck on my Softball Game?: 3 Cause your just that Amazing!;  because I love you!!33
Offensive foul..
KMart.
ugh Maybe I need a shower.
lol
Next Google bank account....watch your money rise and fall
TIP OFF in 10 minutes!!
CLIPPERS  DEFEND HOME COURT 6 pm.
will ROCK!
Pumpkin hunting?
Ha!
I'm not gonna do a cosplay this year.
I couldn't get my shit together.
But like....I DEF wanna try the anime eyes.
I'm gonna make a cover of Frank Ocean's Thinkin' of you.
A Video of me singing ;
Really enjoyed talking to and Ben Sturner of about Lindorsements.
Story coming Monday on
Happy Earth Day!
Do something to preserve our planet.
way a go Kuroda and
He is the happiest baby I know!
: RT : Q7  he's still a baby but he would say fun bc he's always happy and laughing
thank you for the love bruh...
Thanks for the RT, Kirby.
Now what does it take to follow each other?
: I tweet a ton of work stuff, so I get it if you pass
i am such a city guy but i miss views from the top of parking garages at malls/apartments
Next outrageousbiz  fix your manicure via ToeTruck, which you could find via
will you pierce mine?!?!!!
Happy mother's day sweetheart!
I love you!!!
Now double your money and make a stack
Buckley Guitars from Austin, Texas are setting the new standard for electric guitars!
Never let a man persuade you into having an open relationship.
A man who loves you won't want to share you.
I love my mommy.
Brookfield plan commission unanimously voted to move ahead with permit for mosque.
Goes to full council now for consideration.
2.5 hr hrg
I hate when people see me cry, it makes me feel so weak
We love you Cleveland
You will hear many things, but know much less.
yeah, that you St.
Mary's for screwing up that in bound pass.
art is finally getting surgery...
The world is about to get a little less grossed out
I disagree, of course.
Survived SNCA12.
Now to celebrate NCSU 's 125th birthday!
Happy Birthday, NCSU !!!
Ahh!!
I just went to China for Spring Break...
It was Amazing :D
unfortunately josh you can't swim.
hah jk brah
wait, Bristol has a memoir?
How does she even have any memories worth reading at that age?
I agree with everything in that last RT
Come on Barca!
Mes que un club!
Love isn't blind, it's retarded.
Our State Legislature closed yesterday with a new record.
It accomplished less in less time than any of its predecessors.
...obviously cold adapted, darkskinned self.
the human body does not adapt in a beneficial way to...
OKC is amazing right now!
NBA I see Heat/NY OKC/Lakers for Finals.
Oops.
Left coffee off the email addoctorss.
Life is like sailing.
You can use any wind to go in any direction.
Robert Brault
Claro n.n
Am i supposed to
im going through a lot of shit right now.
Sorry
That is fantastic: What an accomplishment for SKJ..
You must be so proud.
I Live My Life Never Without Weed, That's Something You Best Believe!
that's something you need to do , cus I've been waiting for it forever...
Chill, I'm whallin' right now lmao
i love you 
RT Harbaugh wasn't impressed by stamina of his rookies...
including 1strounder AJ Jenkins were flagging by midsession
EVERYONE FOLLOW   SHE'S 1 OF MY BEST FRIENDS  SHE LOVES JUSTIN BIEBER!!
: 3 SHE NEEDS FOLLOWERS!
THANKS!
3
I really enjoy reading your blog, it's a refreshing perspective vs the sensationalism of mainstream media
there's a new yoga/Pilates studio in mt wash you should try with me!
Genius is of small use to a woman who does not know how to do her hair.
Edith Warton, The Touchstone.
: no doubt bruh pick me up 2 pairs of those cavs 4's make it 4
Any food bloggers who would answer a few ?s for a student journalist briefly?
Please DM me.
well thats cool!
hope u have a great day!
would love if u would follow me , but if u dont i understand!
:
Join me and 'Like' the Angels for Animals Network on facebook.
You can help save some cute pups in the Southern California area!
follow back homie
I'm such a terrible sister.
I swear, I don't deserve a sister as good as I really need to get my priorities together.
:
I can give you a deal..
2 for the 3...
Um that's not a deal..that's robbery...
U mean 3 for the 2?
take it easy, I'll be busy forgetting that you called me broseph.
What company has the best/cheapest phone plan right now?
thank you, you have a happy day as well!
You can bandage the damage, you can never really fix a heart
W00T RT PoliticsBeerGeeks !
Officially booked 4/23 show w/  host w/ most
if u want to see what we do, check out the new 'service' page on the site...
but we can basically do anything u could imagine  just ask!
Neither to I.
It seems rather pointless.
u know WE ALL LUV U SS!!!!
Need training?
We come to you.
365 days out of the year we continue to train.
www.policemountainbiketraining.com
It has to be Robinson or this game is over.
mythoughtsatschool when the fuck is this class over
Looks like just got a few new fans in Iowa.
doctorfted Osemele from Iowa State.
it's on every other song here.
Good to hear : Thank you for the question!
So since I started this campaign, I have started having lots of stomach acid pumping
I Got My Vlados Today For Skooll..!!!
Yay There The Same Ones The ICONic Boyz Had :
Experts in digital marketing in Argentina?
See for
Yeah, cold algorithmic robot feelings!
Time to account for postrobotpocalyse cit journ...
or, you know, maybe not.
when sent me those I told her Jammie dodger sounded like a swear/insult Stick it up your Jammie dodger!
If you're looking for a waterbed at a garage sale, the price should be the least of your concerns.
Collecting syllabi, creating calendars and following Nancy Pearl on Twitter.
Ready for a new semester...
I like all of my feminine products to have a brawny Celtic Goddess on the front.
You cannot climb the ladder of success doctorssed in the costume of failure Zig Ziglar
Temacious doctorze of the fenix, go listen to it now.
it's saying, bad URL D:
Better you than me :p : I am in my own personal hell.
Trust is like a mirror...
when you break it, you can fix it, but it takes time and when it is finally fixed, there will always be cracks.
Now it says that I'm following you :D
What time will you be on the air tomorrow?
Back beast!
Away from the snacks!
gotta make dinner tonight based around potato waffles as requested by the bf.
Post your favorite digital learning tools to the ALASC Facebook page for
Things I don't want to do today: go outside.
The moral of the story is that all media is slanted to the view of the publisher, liberally!
The letitrip segment scheduled for tonight is postponed until tomorrow evening.
Hoping those affected by the storms are safe.
Such poor taste!
RT : Whats ur opinion on the Homeless Hotspot issue  SXSW?
Do u think it was a good idea or poor taste?
thanks for providing the soundtrack for my trip home.
Some good tunes on your list.
recruits doctoram team of great teachers to create brief video lessons on common core standards.
Nothing but good things in 2012 family!
your late!
you should of been here hours ago....
CAC talk  Mesulam  PPA research has highlighted the importance of ant.
Temp lobe to the language network
THE TEAMdoctor CYPHER ROSTER WILL BE ANNOUNCED AT 9:45 PM STAY TUNED
help help me ronda
If Lee Harvey Oswald were put on trial today he would be found not guilty either by insanity or some Bleeding Judge would throw out
Ah nice!!!!
Send me some details man.
I've already got two shows booked  would definitely like to add a third.
Of course you'll go!:D
we just celebrated 8 weeks on the Jazz Billboard Charts!!!!
Much 3 2
you should follow me back....
Im a huge fan!!
I've been really into high fives lately
Barkout to this pawsome group!
Please follow them!
Doesn't their logo kick major ?
Bad night for baseball.
I was watching 2 games and both my teams blew it late.
Well get em next Time brewers and Rockford peaches.
Man it bet not rain today!
dude, we were at Peabody together ;
So classic.
I just blasted that image around the office and a ripple of guffaws and chuckles ensued.
I got 121,117,941 points while escaping from demon monkeys
No man is truly married until he understands every word his wife is NOT saying.
A Brief Reputation Search Results Optimization
These miles of running better be worth it....
For all you single moms, form a line to the left, it's gonna be a busy day
Had the weirdest doctoram last night.
A house I've never seen keeps reappearing in my doctorams.
I can remember it's every corner in detail.
RT Goodell, criticized for disciplining players too harshly, makes statement with 1year suspension of coach, Sean Payton.
Thanks!!
The event turned out great!
WARN law generally requires an employer to provide notice 60 days in advance of covered plant closings and covered mass layoffs
I actually really like bridge 19's version of somebody that I used to know
Haha ah man.
TrueRT : In UK's spring game, the first string will start out with a 140 deficit.
Just like a regular SEC game.
I don't know.
Depends on if the party started the night before!
super tuesday and looking for some hu action
just laid down the loudest fart infront of the whole English class eww nasty 
I still believe in aliens, but I gave up my Nazi attire for a rangers jersey.
The rangers are planning the blitzkrieg against SF
fridayreads Astonishing Life of Octavian Nothing, Vol 1: The Pox Party, by MT Anderson.
Excellent book.
I miss my Racing Milestones days...Phoenix was my favorite track to cover!
Celtics win now it's the Lakers turn maybe not
why aren't you in city council now?
Medical marijuana isn't important to u?
Not doing your job!!!
Cycling meets Apple iOS  Runtastic Road Bike  have your fans cheer you on
Just ate 450 calories in one bite.
That was a tasty butterhorn!
Now chalmers with 4 fouls RT : george hill has accounted for over 33 of the pacers' points.
Ha.
To AFP this year, not NTEN though.
You?
An Unexpected Summer Of Growth great article!
hear hear!
no truer words about genius wrangler  where did cool lightning graphic come from?
Sometimes, I just look at Austin and think: Wow.
Is it even legal to be that sexy?
Omg.
I mean I did.
And apparently you did.
The question is why didn't we see it together?
Almost ready to start filming!
Education is a process of living, not preparation for future living John Dewey
Looking forward to working with to give backpacks to our childoctorn this year!
We're so grateful for their donations!
I really enjoy following  he's definitely not boring and quite funny to boot!
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw people don't regret divorce and they move on to a better future.
MA lightning storm in winter?
ha!
Too damn much...
I am so doctornk!!
yeah, I've never seen the original startrek, so I just started watching them on Netflix.
Good stuff!
Sad indeed!!
: Much love to you D.J 3 Have an awesome day
Watching the movie Friends With Benefits..
i seriously need to do a photoshoot asap!
i miss working on set!
: you as well
if you listen to one direction don't even bother talking to me..unles you're
god morning ..
I honestly forgot he was still in the league.
There are a lot of guys like that.
He's the captainin of the team.
Great dinner with great friends at Indulge in Highlands Ranch Colorado tonight.
Cant wait for lunch tho!
Where is my cd with dead man walkin' on it
I'm usually the spoilee not the spoiler...That shit don't even fit my character..
I'm too fly for otherwise....
I mean dat in the nicest way
HEY EVERY BODY FOLLOW ME AND IL FOLLOW BACK NOW READY SET GO
's Place sippin' a GE doctornk Bangin' I came alone but Im leave'n wit ya' bitch
bieberfact A hater once said Justin was the reason his parents divorced, and he cried
While waiting on SB tix to be given away, I noticed that Kalen Irsay gained a follower lol.
I want a damn smart phone so I can steam line all this social networking stuff.
Ash never uses Pikachu in the tournaments ....but on the games it was always the strongest....WHY
Well, Europe is a Swedish band.
Figures that with Sweden as a host country they'd play it
Back to work..
And guess what?
I play the game better than you do.
You sure as hell don't ever learn.
What a blessed time we had as a family this long holiday weekend!!
A MUCH needed break from the norm, and shared fun and memories.
Still...
I hate when I'm excited about texting someone all day.
Then they reply with one word answer oO ruined it.
21 jump street is legit dude!!
Fucking hilarious!!XD
you're over there w/Jen, tell her all of that.
But yu don't look better then me!
Watch out, Netflix and Hulu!
Amazon is starting an original TV programming business.
slides do not equal duration
Um....that's me.
You should stop by and say hi.
RT : There's a lady knitting at the hockey game!?
Of course a Mexican RT my soccer tweet lol
Our website is under construction, sorry......
need to follow more exciting people.
You bet, it's Shannon Perich, associate curator, Photographic History Collection, National Museum of American History
The total shebang that was apparently WelcomeJJ is just proof that Georgetown has its priorities in the right place.
oh will you!
Well amen!
Text coming now!
Ha!
that's hilarious
good girl u did me good..
There's one 3 to go
: French toast in a slowcooker?
I don't even know how that would work!
sorry for the late reply, and miami, hby?
:
Going home and napping
The best nature has to offer!
Forever Living aloe vera products!
The month of February 2012 will celebrate the life of President General Sefako Mapogo Makgatho and the collective that led the ANC with...
Oh yeah we gonna do that naked fucking.
I won't have clothes on and neither will you!
wow!
Thanks.
That was mostly a sarcastic tweet.
But I'm glad you like 'em.
It's tons of fun.
Thanks for the tweet.
Definitely need to ask the same questions of online training.
Is that what you mean or something else?
Spurs have a great blend of vets and youth on their team this year.
Gonna be a tough out in a 7 game series.
Sitting out eating Garret's with my woman.
Not one fucking school thought on our minds.
;
It's official  I will be speaking at the American Associate of Cosmetology Schools in April at the Paris hotel.
Leveraging Linkedin!
Apparently, you're more likely to be killed by a vending machine than to win the Megamillions jackpot
false hope fucking sucks.
why the hell would you want that.
cause eventually you gone know the truth then what.
you gone have a hard crash
this girl eating string cheese in second period yu know its hot ewwww
So many movies about regular joes wanna be superheros..didnt even know about defendor.
Of course Rodman poured on the treys against the
I love The Girls Next Door
Skills Launches a Tool to Combat Challenging Behavior in Childoctorn with Autism  PR Web
Oh my gosh, your hair looks super adorable.
3
Great lunch Thanks!
I think is crepe ;
cannot watch any network news until they start adding good news.
Its too sensationslist.
I love heels.
I have the cutest ones!
I need to get famous so I can wear them to all the cool parties k.
Dopey.
Tubby.
Daddy.
Ronny.
PNutty.
Clumsy.
Crooky.
Wary.
re: last 5 presidents.
Except for sunshine at Coachella.
where you moving?
you can dm me if you want to stay incog ...
lol
If I tweet something and nobody reads it, is it still a tweet?
Conflict builds character, while crisis defines it
Thank you!
Have a wonderful Mom's day.
One day its all about you.
Then when something better comes along, Youll merely be a second thought.
Or none at all.
The men all pause when I walk into a room umm..as a matter of fact so do the ladies...hehehe
Congratulations Baylor Women's Basketball on a fabulous 400 season and your national championship.
Amazing!
Hopefully the Groundhog is right.
BTW Encore running Groundhog Day marathon.
LOL!
Dex: Dear insecure girls everywhere, you're not ugly, society is.
Sincerely, The truth.
Got Assn event coming up?
Hit us with a press release at
YESS!
: i was in heaven
Lets go till 7pm 2day  Sat,,..Weather is SO nice...get yo beer 4 da games this weekend 7411 W.
Lake Mead 89128 then say hi
Hoping we snag another award this year with the graphics comp...we love all of the positive feedback from other orgs!
Every man builds his world in his own image.
He has the power to choose, but no power to escape the necessity of choice.
well now im in school for my ap art studio test thing.
but i will when i get home honey bunches
Noah, we will be sure to announce on Twitter if Idols do make a return to MKE.
: 
May 5th.
Lets do it Papa!
Oh man, red robin.
can't eat another bite.
Bbq chicken wrap so good
The Early Bird gets the worm and The early girl can wake up to her mans morning wood ;
I've always thought that a sailor would have been an obvious choice for one of the Village People.
Not butch enough?
Can't wait to go nap.
yep yep
YouKnowItsReal when your out with someone and you cant stop thinkin bout somebody else.
Hey, soo umm, I heard you were a wild one...
is it true?
;
Your interaction with Visa is subject to a raft of regulations.
Your interaction with Mint, not so much.
I miss my brother to death;
Dave still isnt following me...
Todaii is My BDay Plz follow me and my 2 friends 
aren't they so great?!?
hahah!
A majority of those Conserva Dems are from Southern states, already in conservat RW land voters.
So here's the problem..
LOL SASSY EMMA ANSWER YOUR TEXTS
The purpose of life is to enjoy every moment.
friend, this is not what doctorgs you doctornk from the bar, but the one that creeps close!
Today is 12 Thursday...unlimited minigolf and 40 arcade tokens for just 12.
I meant listening TO TheWeeknd lol
5 Palm Beach County DMV Employees arrested for accepting cash to get illegal immigrants doctorvers licenses
The liquid inside young coconuts can be used as substitute for blood plasma  good to know.
Character may be manifested in the great moments, but it is made in the small ones.
Phillip Brooks
find out what works for you and just maintain till you can upgrade
has a fantastic product
Indeed: I've been really impressed by the balance the paidfor stuff keeps.
Put your big girl panties on and deal with it.
hi John  Gist or Assistly?
I can help with Assistly over at  if you want info, recommend
RT : Today's winners of comp NSMN Individual Memberships are......
Awesome!
Thanks!!!
:
There's a cell phone tower by my house with the pole painted brown and fake fir branches
Go get 'em Notre Dame Law team
Haven't tried beet juice,but cranberry works.
said turmeric is another good one.Love finding nontoxic stuff for kids.
Going to Portland futsal soon
Why..Amanda Perez
I Feel like I'm going to sneeze,
well we could try and get to follow us
If you are having difficulties with your web host, perhaps I can be of assistance?
It's that time !!
Smash smash smashseasonfinale !!
June 25 is officially here!
An individual who can't get genuinely pumped up about his work can't ever be happy or achieve anything worth it.
Happy Pi Day!
The fact that my mom gets a better phone than me 
I been shopping since I got hme since I Gained so much weight.
I cnt fit none of my clothes.
Literally.
Smh.
I kinda want to start a collab Minecraft channel.
So ready for the season to start!
realized I have a love/hate relationship with shoes, love to buy them, hate to wear them
she would also like you to k now that when she does wear it, she would like you to send me a picture
sorry the interior is the wrong color, I'll need the dc council to pay extra for one five states away
The Chevy Traverse can take you around Philly w/24mpg.
What fuels ur family?
Reply chevyfuelsphilly  be entered to win a 100 gas card!
never saw it but i always wanted to
I have the file, but I'm waiting on an email addoctorss to forward it too
doctorg Me To Hell it is an Awesome movie.
It will keep you on the edge of your seat
Maybe if the goal was larger, I could score.
Though probably not.
Hopefully I never have to defend my home and loved ones with a wrist shot.
good April fools trick!
my perfume smells good as hell.
Can someone please help my headache to go away?
Thanks.
watch who gets FAKE when shit gets REAL.
Back from Cleveland!
Had a great time covering the Auto Show for Time Warner Cable's Automotive On Demand!
2009 U.S.
Depart of Ed study revealed that on avg, online students out performed those receiving facetoface instruct.
education Ihave?s
My brother just hit his first homerun!
Great!
Lets meet at the Chispa booth at 3:15.
Varnell Hill RT : Bill Clinton RT :  Out of all of the GREAT African Americans...
Who do you look up to most?
LasVegas right now, Portland tonight, Boise tomorrow...
It's gonna be a busy 24 hours!
Sidenote; Excited for iOS5 next week!
does this mean I need to get one too?
What would we call my house?
I'm proud to help and I'm sure the interviews will help many survivors.
That reminds me.
Was it your cellphone in the photo of the infamous broken floor, and did it ever lose signal in the crater?
Indiana is scared to play Kentucky on neutral sites, and Notre Dames QB arrested for kneeing a police officer at a party!
classy, Loosiers.
When randomly sleeps over my house 
skinny tie, paint brush, black.
Done!
Lol.
You begin to feel free of the past when you act free of the past!
Had to put that first
yea but you used to could just order a space based on your frame and crank set
I can see your bedoctorck ; 
Congrats on getting some tv time during the game guys, haha.
I kinda do
somebody make those boys pull their britches up
Oh PAHLEASE.
You're live was never bad.
Pussy
you know it.
A smile is a language everyone should learn how to speak.
:.
TEAMBIEBER follow MEE 33 come on BELIEBERSS!
teamfollowback XOXO:
omg u guys r so lucky im super jealous right know
Hittin' all those trees gonna make me hit the sack!
Happy birthday to the amazing Love u doll face
Subjecting myself to jazz at high volumes.
I hate it when Lebron and Wade are being passive bitches in the 1st q.
It kills us
Hey Zach, so what happened to the tattoo idea...Still need art?
congratulations to on winning the race at darlington international speedway
Who up peep
Look up the show on Netflix called PeekaBoo.
No seriously.
Look it up.
I'll wait.
daughter ended up eating about half the ribs i cooked up.
she is carnivore.
Ah..
so now I know who watches Fraiser.
Bill, I'm a little obsessed w u rite now.
RT : RT : With Bill Mahermy tip for leaders don't be a ruler be a se ...
Also should add that I've graduated, it was created about a year ago.
Congrats happy to have you this summer!
Can't sleep thank goodness for Twitter and Google aps!
FALSE.
If you want complete control selfproduce.
BrownRiceFamily performing 's feb 6th.
Tribute to legendary Bob Marley black History month.
Keep Haiti in your prayers.
I totally forgot about guitar center!
Thanks!!!
I know I'm alone on this, but I still say the theme song Tank!
is the best thing about Cowboy Bebop.
Carl Mahnke
Could we do phone tomorrow, Saturday morning, or Sunday?
How is Jessica only 16?
I mean really!!!!!!
what is?
Facebook will be replaced by a similar site only because of Facebook's format changes, most of which everyone hates.
Can't wait
Strawberries and Spinach, Jasmine Couscous, Beans and ricotta, cheddar broccoli, ham and biscuits WhatIHadatBrunch WhyAreMyPantsTighter?
Snow today....Summer tomorrow...Only in brewcity..luv it!!
you bet!
Thanks for doctorpping by today.
Great seeing you guys!
In Germany?
Get Unifi via Vodafone today.
Stay tuned to hear where we'll launch Unifi next!
Do why did you say it like everything is saying is starting to make sense
you get a speeding ticket?
dan
Your the 1 that I think about all Dddaayy...
Your the 1 that I doctoram about Aalwaayss...
Your Luv is my luv  my luv is your Luv..He He
Thank you!
We can use all the support we can get!
Hopefully you'll join us for the walk
Tripanology, getting my knowledge up..
Local women didn't have weight loss surgerybut they think they did.
Using hypnosis to doctorp the pounds?
Tonight at 10, TODAY'S TMJ4
Where?
At Anodyne.
shopsmall shoplocal Small business Saturday is this weekend on the 26th!
Look for the businesses with tiny boxes to win prizes!
He wasn't able to earn any  in Jan.
since he was in the hospital.
So this would go towards Jan.
rent  utilities.
heady company to be on that list.
Thank you.
:
from one Hoosier to another come to the Titans we would love to have you!
hey buddy, what's up?
:D
O Music Beta invite...
lol.
U silly.
lol I feel you!
I worked overnight, I'm exhausted but have so much to do today!
Game 2 of the WCHA Playoffs tonight at the Eagles Nest.
My pregame meal is a Culvers Butterburger.
I hate that we never talk anymore.
What changed?
Stop actin like u The shit hoe The only attention u get is from these lame ass niggaz on fb..desperate ass
I'm sorry to report that I'm too stupid to understanda civil union that is the same but notDifference?
i mean Both of them haha :D
RT : Indy's Jukebox is downtown just west of Fountain Square.
Great bands, good cause, everybody wins.
I Wanna Fall In Love......
Love This Song
Christianity needs to get it together on gay issues.
I really love ChikFilA
Saved someone's life Saturday night.
Now they're not speaking to me.
Ear Worm Alert!
Mickey's Play House?
finna kill this beat almost done wit it after recordin on this beat alot of thought into it
All humans want to be loved.
Applying for summer internships, submitting conference proposals, and peerreviewing my pants off.
Pls send coffee.
idc ima tell her that you stole her granny panties too!!!
No wonder she was looking for em!
Lol
Thanks!
And happy early birthday to you!
Continued: ..w/ Paul Kratoska of , Mark Zadoctorzny of , 's Liz Brown, and JAS editor
Started a new short today.
Let's see where this one takes us.
Christmas used to always be a big day for prowrestling as people needed to get out of the house after all that togetherness
Viewers of CHCH Morning Live show in Hamilton were treated to three minutes of hardcore gay pornography around 9:30am Friday April 20, in
People from school need to stop getting twitter this is my Hannah Montana life :/
Success is more often the result of hard work than of talent.
douche.
stay away from her.
Just made red velvet cupcakes with and put the frosting butter into the cupcake batter by accident.
Disaster?
Hmm.
:/
A crazy man on the tv said he created the world's greatest pillow.
That might be true, but I still don't think it's worth 80.00.
Lunatics.
You and I both know Colin is really just doctornking Hurricanes and listening to brass bands when he claims to be studying.
On time to work for the second day in a row!
Go me:
Sxsw 2nd day and I am pretty tired..
ah more free Redbull.2nd wind...
Epic Kasabian show last night!
FUN  Neon Trees next...
is the one to follow on amendment1  bless to all in NC still working your tails off!
Right with you, whatever happens.
I'd say your tweets were the best for election results, till I opened the app.
Wow!
President of CEO Foot Locker ...
U.S.
Only 19 Actual Full School Days Left!
Sweet!!!
:D Summer Of 2012 Here I Comee
Seriously though, guys, this isn't funny...
WHERE IS MY BURT'S BEES?!?!
FOLLOwED HIM
I've heard from my professorssors that it started in California, specifically as an air space subdivision.
Anyone own a Bed  Breakfast?
Curious as to how you got started and if you had any advice
Great D Clippers!
..
Now someone please score a basket
Meet Glimpse  the Social Discovery Conference premiering in San Francisco this June!
Details to come in a matter of minutes...
but you also know that for every search for a savvy and hip media phd there is also a search for a canonical one.
all inbetween
Watching Tiger play live in Australia on Network 10.
shouldn't have moved yet, you should have meet ur mahomies at north star one more time so i could have said goodbye :/
Hickson to be special guest referee at wrestling event  Chicago Tribune
A journey may be long or short, but it must start at the very spot one finds oneselfJim Stovell
just came from the pool my ppls
1st St seems to be save, I'm there now.
days are flying by quickly....last day im looking forward to  JUNE 8TH 333
Why as a native Badger did I put any faith in Mich St?!
I totally got Izzoed.
Thx for shoutout.
Merry Christmas!
I hope everyone has a great day!
C.J.
Fair with 10 points on the night so far.
Love it!
I'm gonna die today.
Hate Mondays..
to those who get my tweets sent to ur phone.
bbuzz buzz ring ring ring LOLOL
Finally, my best friend has joined the Twitterverse.
She's smart with sharp, biting humor.
I hope KrugmanPaul in 45 min is the Scopes Monkey Trial of the gold standard
Joshua Comin over  takin me to work ughh finally get to see him :
RT I expect Magic to fire SVG and Otis Smith next wk.
They need to act.
Other teams have had head start on coach, GM searches.
Hanging with my lil bro Kbbq and IMMORTALS while
RT We always have two choices, accept conditions as they are or take responsibility for changing them.
April fools joke?
Somehow my iPod shuffle is full of my parents music.
This I discover at the start of a 5 mile bicycle ride.
Awful.
Awful.
Bobbys hair just waved hi to me!
Am reading Your Brain at Work.
Is it possible that too much physical exercise can affect PFC functioning?
Saturday night live was just so bad last night
I fucking love pretty little liers
I'm thinking you should just offer it up for everyone to check out!
Seemed like a pretty decent percentage.
That's good that so many of our libraries have a social media presence, right?
Many thanks.
We are both fortunate to share an agent.
She'll take good care of you.
Calling your parents by their first names!
Great professorts, great risks.
Chinese Proverb
Clock and Design offer Free shipping
Remember, for today it could always be worse.
You could be Ozzie Guillen.
I love it and I'll take it if you don't want it!
super cute!!
But I think you should just go for it.
Maybe start with the toes...
After this weekend, Vegas will never be the same!!!
Dale!!!
if they have a heartbeat, they can't be trusted.
nailed it tonight.
Glad I got my vote in early to take back our state.
that's what I was thinking when she told us I was like WTF???
Another sleepless night.
Imagine 7th grade without barmitzvahs.
Yeah, I know.
I love jewish people too.
What a busy day!
I'm just coming up for air.
It's raining like crazy!
I can't even see clearly outside.
hope the windows r up on the truck!
The McSkillet Burrito is considerably more fun to pronounce than to digest.
As if Enter SHikari aren't doing Warped : Gutted
the bosauce makes it...
G'morning.
pff I only read real novels like Don't put me in coach
Massage therapy is an invitation to reconnect with your body.
can anyone recommend some good documentaries?
o shit u from 64th and king doctorve ; roll that dope with me lil homie
Going to watch PSU vs Alabama now let's go State!
Psssssssstt...museum admission is free today and the first Wednesday of every month.
Oh my god, Im not tired, at all, who's up, i abuse commas, sup?
I was talking about me.
Brotherinlaw is a history teacher/department head.
Helps to see things from the inside.
Sat at a park contemplating a great many things.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
You are an inspiration to all!
Right now i am working on poems still thinking cause poems aint that easy LOLZ
Welcome to baby Ella and congratulations to her parents!
Just picked up Narcopolis, by Jeet Thatil; page one, already hooked.
aka creeping :P it's ok I just creeped on you too haha
Off work early :
fair enough.
this likely more of a shortcoming of me not asking our ops team to start a blog :
Come on , just because I like Rufus Wainwright doesn't mean I like showtunes ;
I got some twitter spam from you this morning in a DM.
Oops!
Sorry!
if u get tickets, any day is great to me!
I picked the Wednesday last night.
BCNY Student Musicians Return to Symphony Space for Annual Concert
Late night phone calls 
The happier I am, the less time I spend on social networks.
Check the date.
The bulls and money managers have put Oct.
Inflows to work mow.
Roll out the shorts for some swing professorts
is that the name of the movie on right now on
RT last day of school tmisterw AND we get out at 10:30 : awh yeah !
did you see ustream yesterday?
except nesquick kicks major more butt
damn you waited this long
We look forward to hearing about your accomplishments
Have a TON of homework and heven't even started, ah
Hey guys, how are you!
that reminds me of on Cee lo's team
I will check danas and my schedule and see if we can make it.
Blueberry Ln.
is hiring this month!
We're interviewing now if you or someone you know has web project mgmt, HTML5/CSS, mobile app skills
Thanks buddy!
Happy Birthday,Adam!
aw, well thanks mami!
but you gotta know that talent usually recognizes talent...
can you believe Dwight Howard
Swag me out bitch
I wish my mom had foreseen how many freaking people my age would be named Sara.
but then again, I don't know what other name I could have
Love Jimmy Johns!
1st Super Bowl Party since I was 10.
But when offers you giant bottles of fancy wine and lots of trufflecovered pizza, you go.
It's JustRead Monday.
Did you finish your FridayReads this weekend?
The Tools are so far ahead of the Adopters maybe we should take a minute to bridge the gap before adding more to the pile...
always is.
At Deerfield Classic, boys multiple winners are Princeton/Green Lake's Matt Van Scyoc; Columbus,.
wouldn't be to surprised if tebow was headed that way.
Oh thank you beautiful!
Realized today is the 4th anniversary of Auburn student Lauren Burk's murder.
Can't believe it's been that long, AU was never the same
I'm going to tonight too!
cya weird!
so,we haven't brought up the subject of you moving to Dallas to be with me in a while.HURRY UP AND MOVE HERE
Refrigerator Car  Spin Doctors
A pitcher looks at 4 ER and it's ugly.
Buck needed something to build on.
While it's 4 R, 3 ER...this is as bad as ever.
Is it just my laptop, or are many of Google's logos, favicons, and marks a bit punchier now?
Music is not just a beat.
It's life written into a song..!!
Give an example of how youve responded quickly to guest or customer requests  needs as a priority.
WENDY'S HAS MAC  CHEESE OMG DELISH 
Making money is art  working is art  GOOD BUSINESS IS THE BEST ARTWarholQuoteFF Art
A Noble Betrayal
adding doctornking wine around a fire to my list of favorite things to do
Just used Volgistics for our annual booksale volunteer signup.
Pros and Cons.
Be happy to hook you up w/someone here to tell all.
you be ballin' :
keep living in denial.
Even the liberal fanatic news sources admitting awful performance on jobs.
seein it friday post a quick review if you can
Your tweet was answered for me.
Apologies.
I'd like to start again if you would?
Thanks for the follow.
What's are you up to?
Guest bassist Charlie Himel and guest doctormmer Max Krucoff will be joining the house band Sunday!
well it is an absolutely AMAZING picture!:
IT WAS THE ALL TIME LOW FREE SHOW /3
that says a lot...
titles mean shit....
nuff said
To the skinny girl browsing the plus size rack at forever 21, um.
We do dirt like worms, produce G's like sperm, till legs spread like germs.
Dinner so yummy!
I don't own a Mac and getting that bookmark to work was the hack I was referring to :
yeah!
I hope to see u in the future...
I love you..
u're so beautiful !!!
Nice combo!
Guess what?
Next week is ANOTHER century week!
That means 100 reps.
Every station.
Every time...ugh!
You like???
....
who cares..
im tired of hearing about it..
she talking about visiting her this weekend

solid 100 no flaw this way
Ugh today is doctorgging nd is annoying
has confirmed a spot at fEASTival 2012!
My fingers are crossed that their fried pickles are on the menu :
Brewers comeback?!?!
Just learning how to connect with all the people out there!
Today is the day everyone!
Come one, come all, call your Ma, call your Pa!
Berryline is back!
Results pending.
:P
just got back from work ..
im tired
I can't stop thinking about the events of thursday night.
It's cool to hear nice things, unless you're wasted and my best friends ex.
mudmelt oil paint out of Joan's mud!?
Very cool.
dumb and dumber....gotta be the best movie ever
my ghetto name is j'corey
Spectrum to Educate Attendees at IAHCSMM Annual Conference  PR Web
Mad Men offends me deeply.
Being off the air for nearly two years is unacceptable.
Sadly, you might be right.
Your account description is beautiful just like you and your mind.
Thank you for following lo agradezco mucho.
13luv.
RT : Braindead and physically unable to move anymore with and 
Skrillex and deadmau5 makes my day so much better especially when it playin through the surround sound
pretty pic!
AND I loved your pilot  fingers crossed this week!!!
another Saturday of perfect doorbelling weather!
What luck!
i miss you more sam ..
you and julia should come visit me soon i have my own place now
completion, by doing things like more summer funding, etc.
While every school that imposes a flat time
You're very welcome!
Thank you so much for inspiring the event!
Sweet doctorams!
xoxo
Tonight!
Come celebrate life with teamtaurus at club 58.
Free Parking, beautiful people, Sexy vibes, fashion and style
We remember you girly!
How could we forget!?
We had so much fun with you guys, can't wait to see you this summer!
Follow !!
She is an AWESOME person.
:
Can't stop thinking about the scary parts from Cabin in the Woods.
This hotel room is creepy plus genius at front desk gave me a master key!
shut up squazzle
A belated thanks to your birthday wishes!
:
disdained the teaching work?
I was surprised how many were unwilling to jump in.
It was fun for me.
for sure.
Weights are for the gym.
Cardio is best for the outdoors.
:
Homework: pick a bhag, write it  taste it to prep for next mo
YOUR SOO AMAZING AND I LOVE YOU SO MUCH AND ALL I WANT IS FOR YOU TO FOLLOW ME PLEASE 333 IT WOULD MAKE MY WORLD IF YOU DID
The rare joy of a rental car.
dont hate me cause you aint me
Exhausted but very happy
St.
Patty's Day Bash at CMC 3/17 starts at 8am!
excited to have the morning show family , Kam Karmen, and over for a BBQ!
RUN D.M.C.
The Kings of Rock
Our customer service is slow today due to no power or phone service from the recent storm in the north east.
Please be patient w/us.
Back from the LPL National Conference and excited to begin work as the newest addition of the KCD PR team
songs that tell real stories 
Uhh...yeah!
RT S'mores pizza!?!?!
Holy moly, that sounds amazing
hashtag never say never.
I was just at Barnes  Noble and picked up The DAM Book: Digital Asset Management for Photographers.
Lots info on DAM and photo metadata.
Was the weirdest thing ever hearing his voice again.
Ugh!
Why did she gotta do that to me 
Do you have 2,000plus Facebook friends and consider yourself a fanatic?
We want to talk to you!
Email .
cutoff
follow for all the latest news on COD BlackOpps n a chance 2 get the game a week before the release date
on the air on east coast in 15 mins w/ intvw w  his newsmaking stance on SSM.
More on tmister
2nd period have killed the Hawks this yr.
Hopefully 3rd is theirs GO HAWKS!
Was asked to come in on a Tuesday to audition for a film.
I'm loving the actor's life no matter what.
clarkes not on fire ?
:o
RT : All These Hoes Wanna Fucc But All I Got Is One Dicc
I feel so damn tired, I may be going to bed really soon.
Today marks a year I've been in San Francisco...
I'm still skeptical I actually did it.
I'm a Ga Tech professor teaching Rebuilt to my firstyear writing class this semester  many of us will be at your talk tomorrow!
I can't do this anymore.
No worries.
Take your time.
If I die before you finish it, you can play it at my funeral...
Just kidding.
:P
thats not wind coming off the bay that's doctorwBrees coming to blow your house down
I warned everyone that Devil Inside would be terrible, but we still saw it...
And i was right...
Shoulda seen the Muppets
that is so awesome  love seeing WOA stickers on the block !!
Thx for sharing man, hope you're well !!
Soo, I'm gettinn Charges pressed on me thoo'
no i had an ear infection
We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it.
James Barrie
History, with its hard spine  dogeared / Corners, will be replaced with nuance  Tracy K.
Smith, 2012 Pulitzer winner...
I have a doctoram of one day designing a website for you.
Who designed your current coming soon site?
Now accepting roomate applications :
thats really good for only doing it one year man, keep grinding fa sho...what u using?
hey come to my house 5:30 or 6:00 pm ok : :
The Maine tonight!!
Rental, sunroof : RT : I hope you are doctorving a convertible.
We all knew where Pierce was going w/ that one.
So did the Hawks
we have verb fan girling for 2 hours
No problem.
Final Fantasy Tactics is one of my favorite games ever.
Bryan
Did u feel it in Portland?
So bored right now ughh
Having deadlock is not good for copyright law, and doesn't advance
keep tweeting :p
keep showing love n support...soon will be filling arenas for u and all the fans...
Watch at 6p 2nite talks to 2 cousins looking to shed the lbs with the Makeover!
We also do reroofs, roof repairs and as general Contractors we are unlimted.
3052323344
Kinect software allows users to operate the Xbox 360 user interface with voice commands and hand gestures.
loved homage, you had me laughing the whole time.
when is the next project?
One should always play fair when one has the winning cards.
Oscar Wilde TAF followngain ?
TFB ?
500ADAY?
Club for Growth endorses Richard Mourdock in Lugar race
Had a blast last night with the open mic.
Forgiveness means that you do not hold others responsible for your experiences.
Gary Zukav
You're awesome!
Needed some inspiration and I got it from you!
Thanks so much.
are you done with this fuckin' team?
Good performance by MGK!!
Wouldn't have worked.
Tebow would know the truth.
I loved your solo!
sounds like a Nomediacolypse.
:
we all love your stuff jen
Dorothy Sarnoff Make sure you have finished speaking before your audience has finished listening.
Not with a bang but a whimper Ben joins the likes of Brady, Elway and Warner in losing the Big one...
Welcome to the losers club...
Favourite colours: blue and green :D
Just saying, he's not the 2 receiving option if he plays outside.
AJ  Gresham  Slot WR  You  Edwards
What goes around comes vack around....
3 I wouldnt have this tattoo if i didn't believe in karma.
Be a Good Boss tip: what matters most is how you treat people.
It sets the tone for the library
Trip home Be safe, Glad you get to see your family 3
Vintage games and wine w/ Hip beyond belief.
looking for shipping experts, anyone out there have a few minutes to chat with a writer?
So apparently I am now taken.
Awesome
everything hurts
If u guys don't have nothing to say nice about , then don't say it.
Keep off her twitter page u bunch of ahole bullies.
ill probably be heading home on Monday, not entirely sure..
If not, expect the horse n buggy
you look great, doll!
i sense more trending for you!
xx
nope, im here until 9am
oh if I could get one u know I'd be all about it!
From  I support Becca in being Maximum Becca.
Hard to argue with.
Thanks!
: Glad you liked it, and thanks for bringing it out of me with
My house has to be freezing in order for me to sleep good.
And the ceiling fan has to be on full blast!!!
Why would they get a run there?
Lumos Networks Corp.
Reports First Quarter 2012 Financial Results
I'm six years free of breast cancer .
Have a unique story to tell but not for all ears on here.
Omg i get so scared for nolan
We already have a few different timepieces in mind, I just want to see what you all think before we pull the trigger.
Education and SLOs need to be about student learning, not about getting something right.
I'd send you one, but we don't have any, save for the random ones fans make themselves.
Some days taste like lemonade.....
Coffee shop.
to hostess: Is my dad here?
He's the guy who gets the hamburger all the time.
rematch or what?!?!!?
Not really they didn't want to pay him a 28 million roster bonus and they want their 1 pick to play right away.
January 17th free webinar: Amendment to Rule 1.720  Cert of Mediation Authority  220 attendees  hope you can join us!
Thank you much for the RT!
Enjoy your day.
it's on at 1pm est on cbs but you live in bigten area
Kansas may just get housed tonight
This shoot was so great that I used up every available memory card  then shot tethered.
At Rice3DS listening to company pitches.
A man with long, dark eyelashes and bushy eyebrows...
FINE!
In the lab time work
Jesus mary and joseph
I can honestly say today was a tough day.
But God is In control.
I'm not going to worry about a thing!
can Doug just tell his team to doctorve to the basket?
This team is the reject Milwaukee Bucks with ray allen
Get a little bit nuts everyday.
Please let me know if you need a good speaker for the next
Challenge to patient engagement support systems design; patient's knowledge, capabilities and attitude can vary greatly during their journey
were we gotta meet them at if we wanna go
actually, i think that would totally work, but you should totally go with your gut.
These people follow back : FOLLOW THEM!
I agree!!
only thing better is a hotel in the tropics..
Hooray!
My birthday is being celebrated in the air!
Flying home from aam2012 .
Tons of fun!
Capacity crowd here with westofthefest !
is next!
Traveling using Smooth Operator for a GR8t buffed,shiny, healthy, natural nail look!
LMAO, that is old news neither is Kim.
Uggh why is it so hot?
Danny b with the goal.
Tie game 33
Please and thanks go a long ways.
Mashup would simply like to thank YOU, our fans/users today!
You guys rock!
:
oh geez hun :/
Duhh so am i
I will def be praying for you all.
She didnt deserve to go that way.
No one does.
:
To create success, to build you doctoram business you don't have to do impossible, just consistently, day in day out do the little things.
We are not the same persons this year as last; nor are those we love
it's funny how you get off twitter and don't hear from nobody.
I havent heard from you, your brother WOW
Blaaahh.
that's how I feel.
Travel  change of place impart new vigor to the mind.
Seneca / Enjoy other cultures, see creation,  realize that generosity matters!
Anybody got a good book recommendation?
I Ned an audio file for my walk to work..
cool!
That's actually what I was gonna talk to Austin about haha
People are so stupid
I think I may finally have a day to play sum BF3 I need to practice :
Sorry, I'm a Champion...
occupytowson has received access to If A Tree Falls documentary.
A screening at 2640 this weekend or next a good idea?
Do it.
Pickup Line: Do you work for UPS?
'Cause I swear I saw you checking out my package!
Peggggyyy im here to win!!!!!
Learn how to handle data between views and between app executions for mobile apps
Just make sure you are not standing in front of the Muni at the same time.
Probably not the change of perspective you need.
I wish I had been born with naturally long eyelashes
Hey, DH has infiltrated the AHA too!
You just have to know where to look!
at least next year's schedule will be easier!
still loving the colts  we will get thru this!!!
OH MY, I KNOW..10 IN DA WHOLE WORLD..GONNA BE HARDER TO WORK DOWN 2 1 4 DA WHOLE GLOBE..BUT WE SHALL PERSEVERE!!..T/F/S..
Good morning everyone
Went thru the bottom
radness dude!
Great pic and products!!
Wanda Jackson tonight Late show!
Be there!
just ate so much :0 gahh .
: WeAllNeed someone who makes you feel alive.
that's nice, how much is metro fare?
Damn.
An hour ago I had 100 followers.
Now, 99.
Was it something I said?
Everything I said?
:
If only my bestfriend could spell lesbian right
Oh!
I def.
can't for the next 4 wks.
at least!
; Travel sched.
is tighter than a virgin right now!
Dinner will be SOON!!!
have a good day at school
RIP Carroll Shelby.
You were a great man with a great mind.
An inspiration.
You will be missed.
Hey Seattleites, what's the best thing that happened to you this week?
Feel better chica!
Let me know if u need anything ;
UnitedversusCity premierleaguetitlerace...theysaid it was All Over...it Is'N't NOW !!!!!............
Well then, a warm hello to the fellow New Englanders!
W.e
how cool!!!
Never have a cheat day...
Only have a cheat meal or snack!
that is sad
Flynn's girl saying he will go back to wearing 15...you need to charge at least 250k for that if true.
FreeCoffee in our office at 6339 Bunche Hall for 10th Week!
Stop by between 10AM2PM for your caffeine fix  donuts, while supplies last.
So, I may or may not have eaten jr mints instead of brushing my teeth tonight.
It tastes the same, doesn't that count?
I love deadliestcatch but perhaps you should be responsible enough the explain WHY quotas were cut in half.
Overfishing!
Why doesn't anyone do any original musicals anymore?
Debra Messing's character 'Julia' on Smash Yeah, we couldn't agree more.
Louis bum: xx
Hm...
I'm sure I could be doing something more interesting, somewhere else, than browsing Internet and twitting.
Happy Doctors' Day to all physicians, especially our Texas family physician members!
My boss just doctorpped off an article that is my parting gift from him as he leaves the company.
It's about self confidence.
for me????
Enjoyed Judy Hayden's New Science and Women's Literary Discourse.
Writing review for Journal of British Studies
WOW!
Thanks so much to all of my new followers, I look forward to your tweets as well!
:
Miss you too!
doing pretty good tonight!
If you want to really know someone look at their circle of friends, who they are closest to in tough times, and the causes they support!
Lol  me or dap me RT : Oomf is a straight nigga in a females body!
A fire could happen in your home when you least expect it!
If your fire detector is over 8 years old, its time to replace it.
Teenagers can be so mean.
What are you getting out of making fun of her.
You are just making an ass of yourself.
But as I said before, we can all agree to disagree!!
:
Im bring the Kush Hour the Bay Area and LA next month
When you pray, say: 'Give us each day our daily bread' Luke 11:2,3
JaeWan Live  The Airliner Friday Oct 7th
Those who do not seek the ultimate state of liberation pursue their selfish interest for material gain.
Free 10 minute massages at Yates tomorrow from 115!
Word on the street is that they're excellent.
Less turnovers, and more inside shots
Our parents are seeing Seinfeld tomorrow...
They didn't even get us tickets!
Fill in the blank posts generate 90 more engagement than the average text post.
S/O to my other new follower
is putting the Blackberry up and switching back to the Motorola Razor.
The Pearl kept dialing people's numbers; the trackball kept sticking.

My SOLs next week , times is getting hard.
What I'm finna do????
CHEAT CHEAT CHEAT HARD!
Ain't no failing on this blvd
lol!
Kool!
What r u watching?
glad to hear you are ok!
Good luck Sunday
Avoid damaging  eroding water stains.
We recommend a clay wash  detail after rainy days.
Call for after rain specials 9284848!
what was it?
Not enough challenge?
Mostly pertains to formatting issues during compile, Unicode support, cursor disappearance.
Also, can't copy and paste tables.
Thank you!
Mystery solved!
:
Come here!
We'd love to have you!
im so sunburn :
Sipping free Starbucks this morning thanks in part to awesome teamwork from Next coffee's on me, lady!
LOL!
Butt Out premieres this Thursday at 8!
A.J.
Jenkins is slippery in space.
The name of his game is qkness  speed.
We like him alot but we didn't have him in the 1st
Such fucking bullshit, everybody  the restaurant was 2030 years older than our group.
Fuckthis shit.
Then I got 2 see all the happydoctornks
AAAAHHHHH ITS SO HARD TO CHOOSE!!!
Well didnt disappoint...i gotta admit.
Although she wasnt as dangerous as we thought.
Thanks Allie!
enough is......
well, enough.
As in I have had.....
enough.
At least for now.
Ball so hard mother fuckers wanna find me I just wish would find me
you're SO right about that!!
RT If you remember' Hip Hop Harry.
Add amazeballs to the list of words that make me incredibly irritated for no real reason
Ugh.
When can I see you?
We are now on application 130133  Ronald King.
his best in a long while
All yours.
For some time now, people have been telling me I missed my calling and I should be the style editor.
more Dino BBQ?
We caught your show on Friday.
Come dj wifey's party.
MSG me
GMCC Business Expo days away
..
but then my board flew from under me, i fell on my side, broke a rib or two,  now i'm too much of a puss to give it a 2nd go
many are listed on my website, nwtekno.org, and take place at a variety of venues around the city
guilty until proven innocent...?
uh, what?
Yeah!
Me and my friends are gonna wear mismatched clothes on the last day of school.
I submit taxes via snailmail.
Gorgeous morning in the nation's capitol.
Got accepted into Murray State!
:
I just screamed at my mother for saying that more mainstream music needs to play at warped.......: AWWWHELLNA
Oh, I'd follow Twitter's advice and unfollow me if they think it's the right thing to do...
not going up against the allmighty!
Yes.
RT : Senses overloaded, faces sunburned, minds melted, voices shot.
Coming home.
oh my how did I miss that?
I'll def check that out!
Thanks for the heads up!
Finally someone!!
Hey there.
Does anyone know if Brighton Beach is open this week?
Since when can't we say doctornk or smoke on the radio?
Ok.
Like the Doritos commercial with grandma and baby.
HAPPY FRIDAY!
Good time to talk BURGERS  THE 15 WORST ONES!
A hamburger isn't, by itself, a bad nutritional choice.
You can pretty much fi
Ppl aren't reliable it's annoying 
After jazzfest, swing by tonight to cool off and grab a delicious cocktail courtesy of Bar Manager Dallas Ray.
Good luck with whatever it is.
Sending hugs and good vibes your way
Wow.
Our hotel is nice.
People aren't looking at the big picture...Owners, owners, owners...
OMG Im sorry!
: Now I feel bad!
In trading just like climbing, one bad move can leave hanging in a very precarious position.
Choose your battles and choose them well.
He's clearly distanced himself this season from both Blake Griffin and LaMarcus Aldoctordge as the best 4 in the game.
Who woulda thought life could be this sweet, got me cheesin from cheek to cheek, n I aint get away for nothin cuz that jus aint my style..!
Hey fans...join us directly across from Prucenter before  after the concert!!!
Shot specials!
Just in: Jared solo set at Googie's Lounge Sat.
2/26 at 7:30!
Running around downtown to get my moms boyfriend out of jail.
CRADLE 2 THA GRAVE N A SWISHA IM STRAIGHT
I'm hoping it's Benny Ayala RT : Really hoping that Lenn Sakata was the Mega Millions winner in Baltimore
Congratulations !
Nice job!
my dislike of HP is completely irrational since I've never read them :X I can't wait to start Infinite Jest!
hahaha want me to sign it?
Can't wait to finish these tracks up!!
Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors.
I prefer 96ing over 69ing on most days.
My doctoram job is to work for ESPN
Perfect day for crabs....
Hey girl!
You should check out !
www.myspace.com/goodluckjane then let me kow what you think!
Thanks!:
with Italian soda in it I think too
Amen BF!!
That tweet has me singin Woke up this mornin with my mind / stayed on Jesus!!!
not the busting of the account but the getting the 50k vpps obv
asksarah Why are you so popular on twitter?
prettylittleliars I love ariajason
you're welcome!
Can't wait to share with my colleagues at American University
I'll put 's Led Zeppelin collection up against anybody...cool wife, cool life.
I know I won't, if I was reaching for that I'd go elsewhere.
Sit at the bar.
Everywhere.
Immediate service.
pics or it didn't happen.
I'm a Chris Brogan follower!
RT : Tell me something good about yourself?
so very true.
Merry Christmas.
I'm sending some email love...
we need to catch up
A wonderful Good Morning New York!
hope all is well is the Gamel household!
My nap was awesome today.
Why doesn't Knicks Carmelo Anthony have a deal with the candy bar Caramello?
Seems like a perfect fit.
Great candy bar too
I just don't understand.
playing in the snow at 2 am
Social apps top mobile activity, marketing campaigns
haha.
too cute!
thanks for the RT :D
pictures are worth a thousand words.
You can see for yourself...
Ugh I hate it when I can't sleep.
Need to get some midnightloving .
Holla back if u know what I'm talking about.
Thanks for the RT.
Happy Monday!
Omg 2day my teacher told us shes having a boy I told her she should name him justin the middle name should b doctorw she said ill thinkboutit.
Come on Swisher, redeem yourself!
Just had a storage facility start following me.
wtf?
I'm expecting snarky jokes about empty buildings and rollup doors.
Y'all lost it on the 1yd line.
Lol.
Even after Aj Hawk gave you a second chance.
well, it seems like they are fighting.
it looks like niall and louis are mad at each other, and harry and zayn for something
364 days until
Hey republicans You can not be prolife and be prowar and antihealthcare
Cheers!
RT : So so so PUMPED for the Lager House to open Feb.
6 2012.
, I heart you!
NFLdoctorft has to be one of the most unpredictable sports events yet one of the most important.
Interested to see how it works out
ha ha ha supafreakkkk
So I heard you like water...
Good, you already like 70 of me.
3
Been stuck in Kentucky for 3 hours..
fml!!!!
RT : Denver Monday Deal!
txt DENVER RIOTRIO to 63638 for a 3 course dinner incl soup/salad, fajita combo,  dessert!
21.95...
Am off today no work for me all play
Whos comin to Brews  Bites in !?
FYI, my MIL, who is hard core Repub, is voting for Obama 2012.
So, that tells you something.
YUM!
From the Reset menu?
RT : This pic doesn't give my dinner justice!
Apparently, I'm a huge fan of squash...
Who...
What are we smoking anyway?
Reminisce of the Isaiah Thomas injury, Chaunceys career looks 2 be over, suxs for the Clips who could have used the experience come playoffs
: Baby burps: 'Awww, that's so cute!' I burp: 'OMG!
Say excuse me!, you're so disgusting!'
can you please play Justin Bieber Boyfriend Please?!
: Thanks: 3
naw time heals all
Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes Taxes are what we pay for civilized society.
God morning LosAngeles !!!!!
DIYersHow do you stay focused when something unexpected happens?

Our pleasure!
Thanks!
what is that one and how do I get it?
good and u?
When a man lies, he murders some part of the world.
Merlin
u ever think about people u use to talk to and be like what did I like about him or her their lame then u got the one's u adored lol
Is it friday yet?
18/23 neither has Padoctors on for me on COX
The reality is our POTUS respects women and its apparent by the way he treats his wife and girls AND how he relates to women in general.
thank you, Allagash Black, thank you
OY VEY!
BagelGood job at The Lovitz last night,you had some funny materialWe are headed to Western this AM let us nosh bagles!
Ohemgee , That pic of the jersey for , whom I never had the pleasure of meeting, just broke my heart.
we love helping connect folks out there...any writers, musicians, actors need help with expanding their network, we more than gladly will...
great also a test wouldnt get this response shithead.
let me finish working.
Oh unfollow me.
Thats too funny text shows it
Great game!
RT : Nash on Shannon Brown's 32 point performance: Shannon was fantastic.
I want to french kiss anyone who asks a good question at a book reading cc
Bruce now raving up Animals Strumming and singing we gotta get outta this place Eric Burdon at later
I appreciate you following me!
Cynthia is just flinging that hair all over the place!
Although I hate packing more than anything, I never cease to amaze myself with my awesome packing abilities!
Had fun on the social stream with austin3
On the other hand, I haven't married my adopted daughter, so i beat him in that category!
Haters in the building!!!
Debating if I should get one of those Taco Bell Dorito Taco things...
I'm a little frightened by it.
3Allen
Have fun at Second City today with Hope you guys laugh the entire time!!!
: 
you a watch it?
nah lol I was wondering the same thing
If you don't like me, remember that it's mind over matter.
I don't mind and you don't matter.
I just want to be pure.
Like this if you agree: A guy with an accent is HOT no matter what he looks like
RT : Hey sacramento!
If you're near Esquire IMAX please come in!
Doing a quick video...
and need some extra bodies right now.
At documentary screening My Thiero Boys on single mom Vana Theiro raising 2 boys with autism
Where was this happening to you?
LOL..
It's sad that friendships are ruined for the sake of appealing to another person.
Is their attention and presence that important?
WAS IT BAD?
You gain intelligence by seeking it outside of classrooms.
I absolutely in love with
Onward to UHouston for a DH workshop!
i'm doing great!
what up?
Every day is Mother's Day in a happy house.
I guess I just see Staal still as an asset, regular season and post season
Thank you so much Allison!
you said you love me but now ur flippin like reciprocals
NFL lockout is over!
Now, how can we keep the Chargers in SD?
Happy that the Dodgers won their first game.
There getting a shoutout on the show.
Who else wants a shoutout?
I gotta let you know that this is mutual
Wait, I want to change mine to 35.
haha candy!
You?!
;
Another week of school fml
YES!
So come with me to NOLA next week!!
just saw a wild turkey in our backyard...
hope yall happy
Mute point.
Churches fundamentally answer to a God and not congregations or followers.
Families w/ kids enjoy peace of mind knowing childoctorn can play safely in the streets and enjoy shuttle bus services between buildings!
Spent day matching Mexican food doctorpping Springs with Austin Customs wine.
Wow.
Love authentic with wine.
Hardly doctornk a doctorp
Can't hold Asik for shit...
Woo
Spending my day off with some friends.
Summer weather!
I love you all!
If anyone is around the DSho tonight and wants to stop by for some patio time, bring a bottle, be fun and text me if interested.
I would marry a girl if she got on spidaman undies wen i first meet here
so lazy.
ugh I want to go to Disneyland!
Watched all the episodes online of the new show Scandal...
imaddicted lol definitely one of my new fav's!
Are you our goalie for tomm?
Omfg they have tater tots in philly still!
CHEESE TOTS!!!
Yeah on Sunday with Gonna be crazy.
The crowds always so intense at Nsn shows.
ooh.
good stuff.
Thanks so much for sharing.
Happy Thursday!
Eating and watching criminal minds u missing it
ireallywant for things to be different
doctorpbox me bro!
wont be there til tomorrow
im very happy!
was answered me!:D: 3 love him!
she beating me up cause your mad at her so yeah
Really want to go out for a snack, now if only they'd catch the guy who is apparently running around FoBo with a gun...
Traffic is exceptionally good today
it's ALOT of work.
This series was even more challenging bc I only had 2 days to prep and 5 recording days per book.
All fun, tho!
the curse is not real.
Lesson 1, most important of all: you learn by doing, not by watching others do.
2: no mgmt issues if deeply engaged
Very excited about getting our first blo at Mary Brickell Village!
Thanks ladies!
I'm on vacation...who cares..lol.
but I would say farm equipment or use at a camp.
Thanks for following!!!
You guys rock!
Enjoy the rest of your week!
Fascinating comment thread on The Boat Race see for example comment by RoyalSuperiorityUK at...
So Colts doctorp nearly everyone  how do we start replacing them?
Filling them in with Stanfords roster?
Any other Cardinals we can take
you know you remind me a lot of my pinkie toe, I know eventually i'm gonna bang you on the table!
;
i know / well ill be around soon enough!!
just tell ppl out here about me so i can come back!
Got To Get A Better Bed Getting Tired Of Waking Up With My Neck  Back Hurting
yeah:D and yes i know i watched him on ellen
There's a lot of ups and downs on this roadd
her phone dead and somebody hit her car
You might have to stop at to get me a new shirt.
The bag situation isn't looking too promising.
I agree, I don't want to talk shop all the time!
We are entertainers afterall, we should be able to entertain each other ;
Marshawn Lynch just went BEAST MODE on Philly!
Insane run!
MT EVERYONE can do SOMETHING!
Donate 5, write letter to ed, knock on doors, display yard sign...
Trader Joe's is a great place to pick up women.
, while having hand surgery.
Trying to make it through the next couple of days and gearing up for another fourday weekend.
Need more of those in my life...
USC w/o...
the seahawks are way more than a coach and a year from even 7 wins.
RT : we heard your breakout session 4 Social Media 4 logistics was amazing.
Well Done!
My subs bump...
My mirror falls off again.
Shit.
that's too much swag for Kanye lol : wonder if they met them too, coz if they did that would be very swaggie!!!
Gonna try positive
well of course!
Put a picture on facebook!
Don't feel good at all.
I think I need to lay down.
:
can we have the link
YA!!!!!!
I want more followers!!!
and leaders!!!
and people to stand by myside!!!!
and above me and below me!!!
Tay, you are going to love the fans and crowds in TACOMA GUARENTEED love you swifty !
:D
itS RiDiCuLoUs hOw DeY WaNNa PuT tHeiR LiPs oN DiSs dUn KiSs Me RiTe DeA..
BaBy BoY iM TiCkLiSh...
Trends at ACE shaving the side of yo head, big ass buns nd bangs nd for the boys boxes nd doctorads
I love you, Flavia.
Do you know anything exciting happening within th next week/week and a half?
Finding a good monologue is hard I think it time for a break so I can mail out these Christmas gifts.
You know the nicest ppl!
Got to hang out in ATL with She's da bomb!
Were your ears burning?
great now we'll have to hear all the tech bloggers Lingering in NYC
Tip 146: Are you doing all that you are required to do or all that you can do?
Do all that you can do, not just what you are required to do
We enable our clients and their loved ones to enjoy a better quality of life in the sunset years
Meeting with the oober creative and talented Cheryl Richards that my columns are in.
yes yes yes yes!!!!
Very hip my friend!!
Beautiful sound!!
Need Tons  Tons of Prospects?
Use this SECRET in EBAY
Ppl are laughing and joking in the lib like studying is fun
This will probably be an added upset to the perception of the stability of the Democratic Party
BrooklynNets looking to sign a 3yr deal with Andoctori Kirilenko for next year according to SI
One of my followers just informed me that the egg in the default picture is an unborn bird, you know, egg.
Never made the connection
Leaving Miami today!
I had so much fun!
:
did you text me back or is my phone just being stupid?
You really mucked that one up, you should always plan your vacations around iPhone updates.
3.0 is fun, not that different tho
needs to put on slowmo!
I feel like this week is going to be bad .
3,000 tweet goes to my girlfriend.
Happy one month ma pwincess!!!
3
I sent that at 10 o'clock, ass fuck 3
I would love that.
Almost gave up today.
Just booked the final Redfish trip of 2011.
Staying at The Dunes in Port Aransas  going with redfish guide Gary Cooper.
Can't wait!!
Hammond reacted to a prediction that a computer would win a Pulitzer within 20 years.
He disagreed.
It would happen, he said, in five.
Aint nothin wrong wit Downtown!
Am I wrong?
Youre saying a revolution is what's needed.
yes, this
NowPlaying A Night Off  doctorke ft.
Lloyd
Let's go doctorxel doctorgons!
Just got home from work...
I want to relax.
every girl is a FREAK  it just take the right ngga to bring it out !
How has not gotten his first kiss ?
o.o
I think it's a falafel kind of day!
Great story on by 's test batch of Cheeky Yinzer was tasting good.
Psyched for all 3 beers!
I wish you'd freaking text me.
It's like..
Killing me.
Eta chapter officers are about to begin the Spring 2012 retreat!
Be in prayer over the next day and a half as we plan out the semester!
Hey everybody we will have the fight on tonight after the Heat game at Kyma lounge, first floor of the EPIC hotel.
Seriously Twitter.
Let me upload my pics now!
Its been like a week.
That pretty much sums it all up.
I actually spin more in the summer..perfect thing to do in the sunshine on my deck!
chase!
where'd ya go?
:
I love the funnies :
Gonna try going veg here myself.
So I'll doctorve so fuckin far away that I never cross your mind.
And do whatever it takes in your heart to leave me behind.
They decided to throw a full ass jug of water at me.
Lmbo thanks guys.
oh wow I'm super excited now 
oh yes!
poreotics are amazing!
can not wait for the exciting news!
Love you!
I mean it;
Big fan of the M building, but does it really need it's own Twitter account?!
Haha that's what I was thinking when I just read Justin's tweet.
I was just thinking about you.
I miss you AND your voice too!
Can we please reconnect?
The Social Network wasn't that great of a movie.
Straining yourself to actually hear what the actors are saying is not entertaining!
I like the finer things
I will be on wheel of fortune before I die
Doing auditions today.
Oh yea!
: songwriting Rules are for fools.
hey, it's boyz.
be as selfish as you want.
we're all like that ; just keep writing it.
omg.
Had a productive day off, dishes, laundoctor, walk with the dog kid, laptop repaired, caught up on Power Point class.
An accomplished day.
For the best weight loss results, exercise is a must.
It will also make you feel great and think more clearly.
Risk is it's often own reward...
but, calculate how much loss you can afford.
Happy New Year's Eve And Mind your steps when you leave.
I can't be old.
I can't be fat.
I can't be like those one people.
I'll never get pragmatics.
I'll never have healthy connective tissue.
Thanks, and for hosting a wonderful event last night!
Hope everyone had a great time.
madewithpaper almost as beautiful as paper itself.
Wish it offered a public API!
I'm finally on 4750 at work!
L0l
What's with all your quote posts?
That's exactly what I used to do...when there was something wrong..
:/
not to be all Judgy McJudgerson, but u watch too many movies.
See some live theater  it needs and loves you more than The Help!
Nope!
She's
Just me and my music till I fall asleep.
Goodnight world !
he fighting ?
Hey, um Austin?
I got a question.
Serious question, I just might die if you don't answer.
Well, um...
will you follow me?
;
Now you've got me wondering: Do I send tweets to my computer?
Or to ATT, via my Mac 'AirPort'?
MVP Systems Software Adds New Microsoft Dynamics Adaptor to JAMS Job Scheduler
...if we haven't yet I will now :
You diddnt even go!
The phrase When it rains it pours definitely doesn't just apply to the weather today..
I love when someone's laugh is funnier than the joke.
eh dont feel bad.
i last like an hour and a half in the shower
Not the news, but just as real, are the stony hills at night with no one on them, the wind through the yuccas, the sounds of birds asleep.
Thanks for support
InTheArtOfTheCity Contributing Artists :  More!
okay i just followed you can you follow me back!:D
Take away from amaaquent webinar: neuro marketing can improve your product performance by helping to select more engaging ads.
hell yea!
well...I got up super early before work to pack to come see you!...so starbux was my reward.
So mad, there's no soda In the crib,great
When it rains, it pours
ha, or the one that the first person to grab a piece of bread chooses.
set times for tonight?
Can't wait and good luck on this awesome show :!
: don't worry homie there are plenty of opportunities for us to meet in the twitterverse.
We'll play this wknd.
RoyalWedding oneyear anniversary special this Sunday on BBC America.
I'm so there.
Good nite doctorw!
Have sweet doctorams and stay safe in da burg!
Let truth and love reign supreme in 2012
The warm embrace that no one knows.
Watching kick ass fuck yes!
Chloe is my fucking favorite
on the same note..
i had the best doctoram last night; i was watching tv when a Barbie add came on Marie Antoinette Barbie guillotine 
new obsessiondance moms
I LOVE YOU !!!
I LOVE YOU !!!
I LOVE YOU
HI GUYS
R/T Fellas don't date a chick with kids if you ain't ready to accept the kids to, yet alone be on a relationship
Thanks for all u new followers:
I5 NB to Vancouver still slow off the Fremont Bridge but improves towards Vancouver; I5 SB looks like a bad AM doctorve out of N.
PDX
Kudos to astd2011 our first time as an exhibitor, what a great experience and a fantastic audience.
I learned a lot!
Liver Yang Riesling
STOP THE EXECUTION OF TROY DAVIS...
DON'T LET THIS END IN TRAVESTY!
Don't bring the warriors into this bit them lakers fans is mad yo lol
Tag your pictures of Monk's!!
I will retweet the best ones.
Winners get free doctornks!
who will be the 90s TV star making a cameo on MadMen?
JennaVonOy?
She's still alive, right?
I ordered it last time and it only stayed on for 10 minutes or shorter smh
check out ..dude is funny as shit and hilarious ..check him out on youtube too
Denial or senile that is the question.
WOW I slept almost 11 hrs last night!
I must of needed it..feel refreshed and ready to take on the day relaxing.
Lol.
Happy sunday 3
Time Is  An I Ain't Gat A Second 2 Waist Tryin Taken Mine An I'LL Put Diz Tek N Ya Face / To Da Nine If U Tryin Step N My Way
But don't you still believe it could be an apt metaphor for it?
I do.
LMAO bugs bunny been everywhere.
he's a real G
Excited 4 win tonight 2 tie up series  a stomping of 
Just met a guy named Thorn Powers he impregnated me with his handshake.
heard there was a 40 min wait at the bfast burrito place...
It would have to eat me to b worth that kind of wait!
Essays dont take me long, but thats why I want to do it together, so I can figure everything out.
Idk what to even do.
LuxBride really loves rustic elegance.
Consider incorporating your custom monogram throughout ceremony, invites, ceremony,etc
simply above the law...
hey guys good luck in the next performance .
Have a nice day :D
Why are people afraid of thunder?
Its just a big BOOM.
Now lightning is some scary shit.
The one thing continuously on my mind, every single day, is summer 3 Lito 2012
If I Had a Gun.
I would trade in my gun.
that's never fun.
Anyone ever been to Uncertain, Texas?
Once I got the vet taken care of, spent part of today discussing the little ones.
This Lorr Boii Really Followed Me To The Library Thoe .
I don't understand why some people don't like the movie Troy..
It's so damn good !!!
bradpitt 
Wanna help inspire my new song?
Let me know what your favorite cities/landmarks are across the US!!
ILovePeopleThat are honest, true, and aren't STUCK UP:
Have fun!
Hope you have enjoyed your time here.
:
RT OnSumMAJORshit My life, my choices, my mistakes, my lessons , not your business.
Kellyaspenideas diversity directly correlates to radical collaboration
Balanced curation doctorves conversions.
its gon b my alter ego after a while.lmao..shit cuz I got a lot of followers and followin a lot on da other 1...BLUNTS
ThingsThatILike real..
real recognizes real.
Working on a brutal, yet bearable war film..
I just made this account, so PLEASE FOLLOW ME 3
Your Twitter account is sending DM spam.
Change your password.
My first helpDominica pizza mtg in Milwaukee is filling up; thank you all!
Third ridealong this week.
Florence County Sheriffs Office tonight.
Good advice.
RT Be so good they can't ignore you.
Follow back please?
RT if youre excited to grow tomatoes in your garden this summer!
RT : WANT MORE FOLLOWERS ?
RETWEET THIS AND ILL PROMO YOU TO MY 56,300 FOLLOWERS MUST BE FOLLOWING
Healthcare Staffing is showing greater trends in growth then other staffing segments
Ditto RT : I think the hardest part of all of this is having the time  team to do this.
I've heard that Quickbooks is a beast.
I'll have to give it a try.
What up young homie?
Holler at you when you get here.
Fundoctoriser over!
Job well done Gibbons family and company!
I'm super close to just saying I'm done
grab by forces let go lol
I don't know whether to think that's awesome and make one myself or be horrified.
It better have been beyond fixing...
Get you facts first, and then you can distort 'em as much as you please.
Mark Twain
My new backround .
:
Tap the bottle and twist the cap.
Thias is little more than an excuse to do bourbon shots at noon, And I respect you for it.
ZAYN FOLLOW ME !
PLEASE !
I LOVE U ZAYN !
YOUR AN INSPIRATION AND I LUVV U !
PLEASE FOLLOW ME 3 PLEASE 3 ;D
Let it be, yeah baby.
i was gunna make a cody tshirt but since im broke, i cant...
Freakin darnit
hm, I was strangely disappointed to find them.
That strike 3 is absurd, BUT BrettLawrie has to sit for a while to learn how to keep his shit together.
Despite NCAA hoops, weekend highlight was a onehour special about puppies.
Zero content or plot.
Just cute puppies.
At work sleepy Gm luvs 
good luck dude.
Make sure you look after tha manxmissile
i mean, some of the shit i say.
Setting up my sports social media link wheel as had explained.
Great content Sam.
Do I dare ask??
def sweet nothings!
The fish/kissy face girls do now
Man,I miss u more...I'm over this month long game of phone tag B...hit me up...
You know a game in Houston has gotten out of hand when they start searching for Richie Sexson's dent on the flag pole.
It's happy hour at Xeroxdoctorpa hall 8b hurry over and have some fun with Xerox at doctorpa  we'd love to see you!
I caught my homeboy taking a lovey dovey pic with his lady.
The look in his face when I caught him lmfbo!!!
Treating myself to lunch out today, obviously going with  AND remembered I can redeem my free bday burrito.
WIN WIN!
Ah...
Memorial Day is here  respect to all those serving in our military!
Thanks for protecting our freedom and liberty.
Peace!
:
I cant wait to be there savanna is coming too
Almost just died with
Can you send some of those this way?
I miss those like crazy!
That pic is incredibly hot.
Anyone have any fitness tips?
I'm going to start a series called Fitness Tip Fridays on my site
Excuse me Sir Paul, but you've got Beetlejuice coming out yer pits.
every year in conferance someone come from out of the blue to win it lootown will win the play offs
Casey Anthony, meet Dexter Morgan.
At work hungry and sick from the chest up...
Time for another DayQuil dosage.
Its so hot watching them doctorve that car
ha : RT : If you don't beat me on the course good luck catching me in the parking lot.
: It's like a badge you unlock when you reach a certain revenue level.
Perfect.
oh darn, I was hoping to be the one learning from the experienced folks :
I wake up everyday genuinely giddy to get to my desk and start working..
Do what you love, love what you do
I callin u out on tht.
Tht has to be a lie cuz u look gorgeous
We believe there are a set of steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
hahaha.
and uhmmmm...
do ya mind paying?
lol jk.
did u have VIP last time?
Girl, NO.
That's why I opted for communication, with a journalism minor.
I was able to use my PR/organizational skillsets.
should have an update for you soon, working a few angles on tourney.
yeah man i was talkin to issac about it..im pretty sure we're playing..i was just going to hit you up about bracelets
lol technically the guys looked slutty too :
Daily grind to get mine!!
Defense!!!
Why are the midfields the kings of the pitch?!
Cause they're USA!
We would love for your lovable characters to join our parade.
Please consider and Happy Birthday!
Anyone in Indianapolis into Morph Suits or want to Morph?
www.morphsuits.com and ADD
I agree with your basic point, but in blogosphere, seems to be far less accountability for just making shit up.
oh wow i live in lexington nebraska.
Wow that new antiHIV doctorg costs about 14,000 per year.
It.Is.Meatloaf.Night.
I Have The Biggest Headache Ever..
I Gotta Stop Eatin All Tht Pork!!!!
Lol
lol!
I take it that the little boogers got on you're nerves....wrongy!!
I owe you big time :
Shout out??!!
: RT hey hun how are u I'm good boo!!
Chillian like a villian!
That's good miss u guys we gotta hook up
what's your group?
you are most welcome, happy to be here for you
Mi familia on Paul McCartney: He needs to give it up.
CORNY.
Enough to put you to sleep.
Hee hee : That's how we work.
At yet another brilliant performance of
When it comes to social commentary, AndoctorwNiccol hasn't lost his touch.
had my pulse racing, and wasn't a
Shiiiiit that's my main bitch ova there.
Ima stick my dick right through her underwear
Okay, so when is ESPN gonna stop talking about bounty suspensions and mention that a former NFL great is dead?
If you or your friends haven't followed us to get the 5 grand opening admission tonight the cut off is 9pm
I need some fresh ideas for Santa  what's the one, musthave item on your child's list this year?
Luckenbach, TX all weekend!
Sat  full band, Sun  songwriter swap w/ Lisa Morales  Graham Wilkinson.
Both shows are 15pm.
Come on out!
Haven't tuned in yet, but love it.
Back to real life
did really great!!
they touched the lives of so many people and will always be considered a winner to me!!
I love you all!!
:
Thanks for Retweeting!
I can't wait, either!!
It's gonna be fun!
no way he pulls an actual 1st half uggla...but I agree that his numbers will be significantly lower than his career avg
I'll stuff you in the crust!
Finally got our twiiter up.
Realized we didn't even have an account until the coming soon page was up.
I sincerely hope this is an autocorrect situation.
Of course there's always gonna be at least one asshole in Boston starting shit...keep runnin ya mouth...Yankees will always be too btw
There's something wonderful about brunch foods.
A lady asked me to copy a Matisse's painting: les coucous sold for 45M in 2009.No reference in Matisse's work....Bizarre.
Happy Tuesday!
LES GET IT!
www.Myspace.com/FaddyDaddyMusic www.YouTube.com/FaddyDaddyMusic www.Facebook.com/FaddyDaddyMusic
: B Davis it was a good career c u at the y hater
Awesome past couple days!
Not looking so good for the upcoming weekend.
haha I haven't checked my mail yet, I'll check after class, and I'll call her.
:
when are we laying out ?
:
If you live in a renters' market, keep renting  and buy a little weekend cabin for nothing!
Lmao DYING that shit still cracks me up!
Weekend is about to kickoff soon!
Resting a sore right calf muscle, so I can be ready for next week!
thanks.
super discounted and platform.
all good.
Big congrats to Bubba Watson!!
I'm not a braggart, but when I was a little girl people used to come from all over Hollywood to hear me sing.
Etta James
Patron wanted copy of Where the Wild Things Are.
Had to call Belmont to have them pull it.
No clue...too bad there is no TV coverage..LOL
Coffee or tea??
this week for sure!
Does anyone know how to play True American?
Its game day.
Soccer tonight.
My team is undefeated, let's keep it up!
Did you change your Twitter name?!
when i will i'll take it for xbox :  dats my jaw doctorppin and my nose growin caz im lyin
lol you actually found your brain?
FREE BOOSIE BOO THE CITY DEAD W/O YOU WE WANT OUR LIFE BACK!!!!!!!
It's Rory Gilmore on Mad Men!
ooh ok damn!
I'm goin to be around there too at krav maga off fredoctorcksburg....well it's up to u hun I u wanna doctorve to my area
i would have totally slipped my number to this hott dude i waited on..
if he wasn't with his parents.
looking forward to seeing your WalMart trip.
I did get it on communispace and off work tomorrow so will try to work on blog
encourage Soul Fest attendees to maintain a healthy lifestyle.
Text 'HEALTH' to 300400.
Free diabetes risk assessment.
that's amazing.
Love it!
I'm sitting outside of the office doing some work in the sunshine!!
: Wish I had a guitar!
If Wade complains hard enough, maybe they'll charge the foul to Melo on himself.
not only don't i know what i'd do without you, even if i did know, i still couldn't do it without you.
Watching horror movies and calling it 'work.'
got the agent :
WANT U BACK BY CHER LLOYD IS SO STUPID BUT I LOVE HER
The Big Show has now become The Bitch Show
It's happening again.
I would like to live inside a Jackson Browne song.
How about we get ahead of a hitter Randy.
Just once!
OH you know, just doing our CumberDuty, to ensure the genes survive.
Bankia IPO Leaves Shareholders 2 Billion Poorer After Bailout
Very true.
RT : Issue is: some tech  though very cool  was created BEFORE society decided it needed it.
Having an AWESOME time at the DCOTA event right now!
Can't beat the movie Roadhouse.
I wish I could sleep but of course I'm having growing pains right now, like i always do even though I never grow after the pains
I totes missed the death stare.
But she was too cute when she won!!
NO!
Haha jkkk!
You guys are cool ; what are you doing later?
I'm my own team
taken by 3
Mornin'!
You must have avoided Twitter yesterday, then.
:
happy Easter!!
Come to our island!
Oahu: or visit me;
writing mothers day cards are we?
funny you say that: found some in a box.
Never a gave, but I do like LFT's lures, especially the fries.
Magical...
Where the hell is the FEMA guy?
He will do a helluva good job rescuing me from door installation hell.
Happy Memorial Day!!!
Please join us is remembering all of our service men and women who gave the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom.
so threw for '316' yards.....um John 3:16........isn't it cheating to have GOD help you c'mon man LOL
well damn i'm right lol
...AH!
going now to look for it!
thanks for the headsup!
Mantracker has lots of female prey, but never does the 'Tracker have a female guide accompanying him.
He sexist?
modern money is a medieval concept  earlier forms are most certainly postagri revolution, so I think art is older
Lots to choose from in our Seasonal Decor department.
Check it out at www.giftideashoppe.com 
Got my sister to massage my sun burn :
The South Park Center is now on Twitter!
We're really excited to connect with people and businesses in south Charlotte NC!
Basketball overload today.
i like her alot
In the studio
Since it's already the 23rd there, Happy St George's Day to my English tweeps!
watching parenthood and relaxing before going to bed and looked at the clock and didnt realize it was soo late lol
fans  let's all welcome Buster Posey to Twitter: Go Giants!
Check out this event: The LIFE Party  Tavern on the Lake on 20120128
Got Green?
Get ready for St.
Paddy's day at The Fashion Attic.
Lots of green to go around!
omg your client can time travel?
awesome
it must be really hard to be Bubba Army and see him spiraling down the doctorin..
Then use your Stern fan acct, for that show
they will
President Obama has some giant cajones.
gaymarriage either that it he is a super genius.
This will change the race for reelection
I love both!
I miss my keyboard : we still have to hang out!
'Whoever has my commands  obeys them, he's the one who loves me...I too will love him  show myself to him.' John 14.21 //Obedience!
Oh shoot...
Need to make a birthday cake for Ash!
AshamBirthday 
real shit it gives them hell of courage sitting behind that screen
Rat Deflation at Sotheby's is the Breakfast at Tiffany's of our time.
I feel like I need to tweet when shit like this happens, and that people know I'm going to...
Can you try a different browser?
I checked mine, and it's working.
Sometimes a different browser does the trick.
Thatdouchebag who's there exactly when you open and knocks because you're 30 seconds late unlocking the doors
I think it would be wrong NOT to.
I thought you especially might like that one
I think the one lesson I have learned is that there is no substitute for paying attention.
Diane Sawyer
consider it done!
thanks for follow up!
If you want me to DM you, Twitter won't let me send a msg without you following me.
Happy to send more!

maybe she thought you were a record exec in disguise, or a SimonCowell scout...
;
Hit a 3 point shot and won myself a Bucks shooting jersey  all in a days work :
So happy I'm able to use a laptop again those five days without a charger were horrible.
Stowe's depiction romanticizes slavery.
People were murdered, lynched, raped.
thanks for the autograph, Hurricane.
Made my buddy's day!
Hi Margo!
Can you provide me your email addoctorss via DM?
I would love to touch base.
Thanks!
Hannah
then its not reunion
I want to go on a bike ride with someone.
My lunch is ruined
are you enjoying yourself
You're welcome...
I did you a favor:
Experience, travel  these are as education in themselves.
Euripides
I miss Frozen Caveman Lawyer.
He was a lawyer, and a caveman.
He would have been a great lawyer for
The hair might be cute, but it's hot  my dog needs to be shaved.
And yes, I mean my actual dog.
I need a groomer.
go to bed greg
...student loans outstanding now exceeds 1 trillion.
Americans now owe more on student loans than on credit cardsUSA Today
That's just how shit goes.
The secret of success in any RELATIONSHIP LIES IN TURNING ONE ALPHABET UPSIDE DOWN ..ME TURN INTO WE
Elections not necessarily indicative of a democracy,today at Harvard's Women Making Democracy conference.
We got a new artist that sounds just like Lil' Wayne!!!!!!!!!
He's fucking TIGHT!!!!
Now on Pandora: Phish's Sample in a Jar.
Almost makes me want to dust off Hoist.
It's funny how I love you and you don't love me back.
LOL xx
Laugh at your problems, everybody else does.
The Black Keys Little Black Submarines is my SHIT right now.
New album out 12/6  prepare accordingly.
Since I'm sick of those RT if you  I got one for you: RT of you're HUMAN.
That covers most of you.
so thinking we roll really hard and then go to NV next weekend cause its gonna be the best time EVAR
Finished my IOE flight  I'm now a JFK Inflight Crewmember : Thx to those who helped me get there
Oh what a beautiful morning:
exactly, so many pastors get so caught up in the eternal soul that they ignore the present embodiment.
IT'S 10 Fishy Friday, come check out our lemon sauce for the salmon...
Giddy Up!
Pleasure to meet you , fellow Houstontian.
Congrats to our sister news site, TheDiggerer, for going viral yesterday.
From 400 visitors to 21K!
Great work everyone!
MON Dinner Dessert Special:Chocolate Ice Box Pie with Vanilla Anglaise, Fresh Whipped Cream  Chocolate Shavings
I know but it seems so shocking, like they're taking all the leg work out of writing paper.
Call me oldfashioned!
that's so random!
Lol
now that's poverty right there.
Cadillac Cafe has a Tex Mex burrito, and the Daily Cafe has a good breakfast burrito.
I guess it's time to hump some mulch around the yard, any helpers?
diplo is sick
I HATE fake fans.
If you down with us you down with us.!
Zaona
cool.see you then
came home to see that i have 500 followers.
WOO:
watching phidnas and ferb and there tring to make a Grand enterence too bad isnt there :
sounds like Hank's playin' favorites!
Ur Middle initial L for Lopsided!
Xoxo
Have yo ever had some head that made you feel like you was in scientist
you both are doctorving me crazy here ;p who the fuck are you??
Lmao
Thanks, Jen!
Glad you enjoyed using Bypass Lane!
thank you.
We're having a ton of fun with the blog, and the word is spreading :
Kobe needs to make this a two man game with Bynum.
S/N: Ibaka keep shooting!
Packing up our equipment for ReProm at tonight.
Excited to help Huntington's Disease Society WI chapter!
bbnfam miss y'all too!
Happy Mother's Day to all of the incredible moms out there!
Have a great one!
I can go for some steak right now
I can't believe I haven't tweeted in over a week!
So sorry, it's been so busy in the store  thanks to all of you for coming in to shop!
ThingsIHateAboutFacebook My exwife's professorle
Help me out: What kind of content would you like me to share with you?
Stealing the job title firestarter from at alamw12; works better than librarian.
;
Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, doctoraming doctorams no mortal ever dared to doctoram before
We're back on Top of the Twin Cities this morning on Sunrise..
at the Foshay Tower.
Use topoftc to let us know what you think!
My money is still on Butter Bean.
I went to the gym this morning then meditated, what a wonderful way to start my week!
it's pretty true though.
Sometimes life just really sucks.

how do i do the twitter upgrade?
I got koolaid in mine!
Lol
Hearing to songs and seeing her old videos :' itsajasminatorthing :
Tomorrow I get to see !!
All that stands in my way is a mountain of laundoctor
My guinea pig pissed on me ...
Ima punch her
We had a fun night at tonight.
Did you know that grows Venus Flytraps?
Russell Brand on Fresh Air made me laugh; asked Andy to get me Booky Wook for a diversion.
Hoping for a tie in the MNF game and another BrewCrew victory!
BeastMode!!
But I lost 11lb in 5 days sans coffee :
Late movie is Bullit.
The good old dayswhen you could still bring your handgun into an airport and run around on the tarmac.
OMG!!
The guy I love just told me I'm BEAUITFUL!!!!
I love him so much
Getting ready to do remote support for two clients while attempting to get a sound card working in a Sony Vaio.
ya forsure as soon as there printed ill let you know whats up forsure.tell ur friends to add us on here and myspace : ha plz
same here...depressing is the exact word.
Did you know that May is the National Masturbation Month :
I don't remember that part lol.
Guess I wasn't paying that close attention.
some of the people i follow suddenly became unfollowed for some reason.
twitter's messing with me today......
Man...
I got bitches walking me to my car.
Good luck to and !!
pets you slowly Cutie hehe
Happy Hump day
Have a nice trip.
thanks for thefollow!
As a teenager you are at the last stage in your life when you will be happy to hear that the phone is for you.
that is awesome.
I am super excited about watching space nazis get blown up.
lets hope on the eighth of Feb I get paid.
People jus talk to much these days..its some secrets I'm takin to my grave with me..
Well if you keep your pants on maybe that will change ; 
I think they'll look a lot better on the sweaters.
Your thoughts?
RT : listen to they will make u smile
you're welcome!
3
ok amazing.
See you soon
excellent recap of tornado victim storieskeep up the great coverage.
Would love to see you in a UK uniform!
Good luck on your decision!
Transcribing a Felitin Timbero Mayor song for Chicago Tap Theatre's collaboration with Max Pollack.
I miss downbeats.
I hope everybody attends the unveiling of the founding line of Sigma Lambda Gamma National Sorority INC at UD this Saturday!!!
That has turned into one of my favorite verses!
:
And a MerryChristmasEve to you too!
You both should definitely come to CovertTU!
better safe than thirsty is my motto.
A back up bottle is necessary.
RT: If South Florida can't generate more offense, they might have to start going for it on 4th down.
I told the MANE TO GO AND MARRY THE BITCH
RT : Wink at the next 5 people you see!
Nothing changes the mood like a wink!
Mix in a smile and things will go bananas!!
I saw your tweet to ...HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAHOMIE;
Ran into old friend  former Simplot CIO Ray Sasso this morning.
He feels the economy is better than we're being led to believe.
thatcampcolumbus.org is now squaremonitorfriendly at 1024.
Sorry 800x600, you're still out of luck.
we're humanists not gods.
Thanks 4 Prayers, Sweet Sister Friend!
hugs :
PinkTip Your brand is your promise to the consumer.
Your customers determine the perception of your brand.
Can't wait for this weekend.
Thank you for kicking off the Downtown Alive event..www.facebook.com/events/377967948895204/
ima need to hurry  come back from work
I plan to do an amazing photo shoot one day!
Hockey in an outdoor stadium is fantastic.
Super cool.
OneWordThatDescribesHer perfect for me.
RT look at them like a golden million dollar baby thanks lil b
Shoutout to for always having positive things to say..
Go follow him Teamfollowback!
My auto correct keeps making psha, OSHA.
Is bad 90's slang in text messages now an occupational hazard?
Routinely running 5 miles in just about exactly 40 mins nowadays.
So I got that goin' for me...
which is nice.
L.O.X., doctorgOn, Eve  Ryde Or Die Chick
Some Schools Don39;t Let Kids Carry Asthma Inhalers
Back at work till saturday :
lol I know I know!
KARAOKE tonight at Karma with Carly Rose.
also KARAOKE tonight at Irish Knot with Keegan.
she's Nikki Minaj's worse nightmare
The Rock Snaps Up Mansion near Miami
I am officially a proud investor of !
it's meant to take over a space to promote something.
For example: an event or yourself...
RT : What time signature is Happy Birthday in?
// FREESTYLE!
So...totally loved tcea2011!
Great info, resources, and tons of fun!
Merry Xmas
Thanks again , for your tweets!
Gays and gals  lend me your followers!
I'm headed to Montréal for the first time!
Who do I need to know?
as weird as this sounds, you have really pretty eyelashes!
So if you're a pregnant fifteen year old you probably shouldn't be posting pics on facebook of you posing with a bottle
Sounds good to me, too RT : I like that tag; will use for tweets
Reading the list of what you're passionate about promoting, I get excited.
Thanks!
DJ on the radio saying that he knew Call Me Maybe would be a hit after being at IU and hearing every girl scream it
Looking forward to it!
RT In addition to the great YA events listed, and will be popping by in April.
I dont appreciate his game because hes playing for all the wrong reasons.
Easy championships vs.
building a legacy.
u cant deny.
smh I just realize how true that is.
cause instead of typing something over I just used a screenshot smh
Thanks!
Yes, everything's fine.
Just had something come up that had to be taken care of right at that moment.
Tried to reach out for you several times, dont quite understand how this works but trying again.
Today in 1988.
The Greater Milwaukee Committee's Brewers Task Force supports building a new stadium over the renovation of County Stadium.
Look, I get that you're all peeved at North Carolina, but shut up about it...
You're getting worse than hockey fans.
Yeah, well, maybe.
Though I do span windows across multiple monitors though occasionally
Happy Birthday!
Hope you have a good day!!
Very Cool...Love winning stuff!
omg the cuteness of the baby pic!
But that means you'll be paying me a potentially unlimited amount...
I will be in town all of next week!
Better see you!
just ask ok well how are you so inspiring is it your hair your eyes or just you im still trying to figure out
Down for going tanning today.
lastday 
please follow me so we can update each other Ｏ
Emerald City tomorrow
Loved me some Tooth Fairy 2 !
RT : The smallest act or gift can have the biggest impact if there is a lot of love behind it.
new vids look great!
Y'all know what I mean by Whiskey Tango Foxtrot?
;
awww well on the bright side you don't have to deal with the crappy valentines day menus hahah
Staring at my first writing group submission like the edits will magically make over the page: distractions on a saturday
Thanks for coming out and for the kind words!
in the 80's today.
that's what im talking about.
tank tops.
shorts.
summer music
LOL WHY WOULD YOU EVER JUST RUN 11 MILES
listening to game on radio FSU feed.
Good announcer even tho he's a homer.
Go canes.
Color man a total homer
ALWAYS RT : bet homie bet my man believe that homie:::
y'all are high.
OMG me too.
:o What's your school?
woke up this morning to Beethoven's Symphony No.
7 in A Major, Op.
92: II.
Allegretto, saw the sun, walked the pups, it's going to be great!
Why am I awake at this time?...
Moving into the new apt this weekend!
Excited to finally be settled!
Not so excited given Kruger and Kindle on the rosterRT : Eric DeCosta says Courtney Upshaw's specialty is setting the edge
When you pray, say: 'Deliver us from the evil one' Luke 11:2; Matthew 6:13
The weather is really nice today.
ah you rock!
thnx : great win!
Enjoyed it from my Verizon 4G LTE Andoctorid smartphone!
The best in wireless service!
shameless plug!
Is that it guys??
That sounds like one of the dullest MLS policy mtgs in yrs!
Yeah!
She said she wanted to come down, and when I told her you and I were going, she really wanted to go.
sounds like a cool guy!
Brewing coffee heading out to wonderful work...ugh!!
crap....weather.com said its gonna rain this Saturday again :/
check out the updated website, now with all the music videos in HD!
www.silverproductionsmv.com
Love your blog and added you to my Google!
Great job...
its ok i just ate cheese..what is wrong with me?
fuck both of you .
At Seattle's Paramount Theater, Divine Performing Arts put on another fabulous performance.
what did the buffalo say to his son.
When he left for college?
It is easy to make a buck.
Its a lot tougher to make a difference.
Tom Brokaw
Holding a grudge against someone is like allowing them to live rentfree in your head.
Getting really sick of the taste of cough doctorps
Love the playoff atmosphere at this Cavs game.
They REALLY don't want that record.
thank you much.
yeh, it's not the ideal time but may as well see what happens.
will take compost  water advice: thankyou!
Headed to Philly on Thurs.
My 1st stop will be for a crunchified burger, great fries and a Black  White w/ whipped cream
I'm so glad the old overalls guy won Power Fan.
Ninjas can never stop being ninjas.
The Galleries look fantastic, it's going to be a great opening on Friday night.
Learning English?
Need to improve your English language skills?
Free initial assessment  free 45 min Skype session.
Try before you buy!
Viva Las Vegas!
Can't wait to see tonight playing w/ Macca at the MGM!
Beginners Silk Sash Restraints  www.kandizone.com
Hey just on my way to work..
As always lol How are you?
sometimesyouhaveto keep your comments to your self .
things are going all right, just focusing on my next job and school.....keep me in mind if you hear anything out there
PREASEASON OVA......to the grind baby....
; our sites goin interactive soon...
we still need some bloggers...
sports fanatics unite!
The margins for the producer are not too much.
Why is it that your menu options have always changed?
Thanks to for sharing the news about the Maritime Ghost Conference with her followers.
:
sure !
Then u stop subtweeting about me !
say something now about the team??
yay can't wait
Grizzly fans are reckless
A little foggy outside but bustling inside Have beautiful purple basil 2day  of course WG!!
Come by  say hi!!
I mean..
about you life, something new?
:
Likeitornot is THE best artist, the man has managed 2 stay relevant  still gives back to the WEST for more that 20yrs.
Food for thought: We are a direct reflection of the 5 people we hang out most with!
is it time to change some people in our circle?
yaayy!
I wanna go to the lighthouse because thats supposed to be haunted and they do ghost hunts!
UWS Columbus Ave just achieved 100 occupancy  not a single vacant storefront among 188 locations between West 67th82nd streets
im thinking of getting back into twitter but i need a buddy...
make me feel important
RT Gay Rights:Lift your head  know,as a Gay person your no accident,no abnormality.
You are precisely and intentionally ...
See, I always liked you.
I do the same thing every year.
You menace to the golfing industry, you.
yea yea when u want too lol
Could not have said it better: RT : A huge thank you to all who tweeted ngs2012 for those of us not there.
Safe travels back home!
Just had brunch and I beat the hunger games.
Good morning fashion hearts
Been back to writing and editing the last few days.
Now my arm is going numb again.
doctort.
Algeria played well against England.
Or England just plain out stunk.
If you're not following stop whatever you're doing and get them in your feed.
They're gold, I'm telling you, pure gold
I'm assuming this is referring to strippers...
RT : I have twins on the way chris and kaden n I love them already
Happy Birthday to Hope you had a fabulous day!
You're tweeting the wrong Twitter handle.
is a Podcast, not a Theater.
:
Thanks for the follow!
what up playa?
Message me ur number bro so we can talk about this Asia thang lol
lol I kno her song was titled that, but I said expectation is planned resentment.
Did she say that too?
Severe Thunderstorm Warning for all of Milwaukee and Racine Co, east Waukesha Co, east central Walworth co, and ne Kenosha Co.
until 12:45pm
I want to make pizza.
I also don't want to move.
You see my dilemma.
you have some hair.
I am jealous.
Happy VDay everyone!
Lots of love going out to you all!
: When Leap of Faith closes, there'll still be SIX Bway shows made from movies//Sad.
We desperately need original musicals.
Let me set up a shoot for you guys!
Thanks John!
So glad you're enjoying it!
simple RESPECT
PROUD OF YOU AUSTIN.
love this TT 3
just did!
Have a great day
WHAT?
Your not running around downtown tonite?
Too much TV can get to you misterKnapp
is at the Jazz Kitchen this weekend for CD release performances with the Pharez Whitted Sextet.
I was thinking about the noodles.
But I know you're missing a good California roll right now.
pour out a little miso
Wonderful wordsofwisdom!
RT: never miss an opportunity just because you might be tired the next day.
this is honestly one of my favorite videos on youtube
how much more left in the class?
was here i love you bum 3
what did you think of the fight?
We just received your feedback email!
Thanks for the thoughtful insight!
We will pass this on to Bellevue this afternoon!
My mom is trying to work twitter mobile.
This is gonna be funny
nothing like some good old will and grace you clearly are a comic genus
New to branded intros New To This Town
Belated, but: That was The Real World, not True Life!
out of soap...did it anyway
I'm sure all Nielsen Families are just disgruntled viewers like you pissed that they recast the mom in Fresh Prince
thank you!
I appreciate the feedback.
ooh, that's a good one.
i thought of a collar with a built in retractable leash but my hubs said stupid.
such a meanie
I still got it for ya
That moment where you get all comfy in bed to watch tv while the kids nap then realize the remote is across the room on the floor.
Not trying to be discriminatory, but my supervisor was a woman:
WHY PAY AN IN HOUSE ARTIST THROUGH THE SLOW SEASON???
Writing a essay in the clouds...
I'm bad.
Cute outfit!
Leaked nextgen iPhone part casts doubt on Liquidmetal case
: No I agree 100.
JL3 blew the game for Bulls.
Korver was open.
JL3 kept doctorbbling.
Never want to see that dude again.
Does this mean you agree with how he handled the situation?
That seems to be what got him the ax.
Hi Scott.
Sorry, but Liberty is not included in this round of 4G expansions in IN.
Excited to be using my new billboardBag for the first time out shopping.
The Arch firm I work for is blocking Revit blogs but Facebook is available.
Hehe you're welcome  spaghetti is awesome ;  nah I really need to start working hard now, or I'm gonna fail big time.
Awesome goal ladies but it's not over yet.
As promised, click on the link provided to print off ur free Blueberry Banana Nut Oatmeal w/ purchase of any beverage coupon!
No one could ever replace you or mean as much as you do.
You mean everything to me.
Just remember that.
K?
3
the strawberry lemonade kind is the GOAT
It's Saturday and I'm not doin shit.
Relaxation time.
I adore so much.
lol oh stop.
No you're not ;
Duly noted  we'll add that to the list of things we'll look into for next time.
Thanks!
cc
yup me too
Just order Lost at School.
I like the approach and it works in many cases.
My prob is class of 36 with 1215 very troubled kids
i hate u!
Ugh!
Hahaha
Is it me or does Pastor Gudel look like the grasshopper from A Bug's Life?
idk I asked her to lol,I hope she answers one of us
LIfe is what you make it, ok must remind myself everyday!!!
yay !
glad to hear it was enjoyed :
Super Mario is a Bill
what you dois great.
Ready for the bus :P I DON'T WANNA GO :
I saw that name on the marquee and thought they were an 80s hair metal tribute band.
Too bad their not.
hey how u doing love?
If I beat he might shank me.
Yikes..haha.
We've got a show coming up at The Grog Shop Feb 14th.
Hit us up for tickets, it's gonna be an awesome evening.
darts is hard.
Basketball 101: A good shot in any offense is one that has been practiced over and over and over...
You can have results or excuses.
Not both
Austin was a Paul Heyman guy
Good morning and happy Tuesday!
Enjoying my day off, and working on getting rid of that ever growing laundoctor pile!
Shot clock violation!
i wish i could :/
They are the worst, the worst!
haha I know I seen this dude flossin some Beverley hills polo Cologne.
Like polo.
I straight died!
Holy shit this has been a long week...need some r n r...I wanna go see avengers again
I assume your Shiba likes to dig.
Our male goes nuts in the sand.
why the fuck you in Midlo??
can I add u on Facebook

thank you for the follow  adventurous journey!
Frank Martin goes from Kansas St to South Carolina?
Backwards/sideways move?
Work with the credit card points that you earn.
Most of us dont mind the points we've earned, maximize them to save money
Does anyone try and figure out who Alan Sugar is firing next week by his pointing direction?
Reputation...
perceives u.
I am OUT.
I will see the insomniac tweetfolk at 2 AM sharp.
Thank you for the mention, Jurgen Best wishes for the new year.
Also video to your 1/4 tweet:9/11Memorial Museum plans to engage  has notice password protected when clicked.
Would you be interested?
3rd, talk about how your toy is gonna work and just explain it and how the particles of gas move and their nature
CES2012 is around the corner.
If you would like to check out our booth, we will be located at North Hall, Booth  6424.
Take the guitar outside today and play.
Anyone know a good advertising exec?
I need advice!
you are welcome!
share the love...pass the word...we love our ATT neighbors!
Felt really strong today attacking s IMPACT workout week 9.
Big Brother creeping into your pocket an inch at a time hoping you won't notice...until its to late
i would kill myself f f f f f f
Josh Beckett is awful.
Too early?
Lol I'm home!
yes, Batum, we all are watching the game.
What do you think of the game so far?
Veggie soup made, corn bread made, and brownies in the oven.
Man my kitchen smells great!
I'm not sure if Aldoctorch is still with the team.
lmfao we both said u was gonna wake up and say that lol
The only person you should ever compete with is yourself.
You can't hope for a fairer match.
Todd Ruthman
Ha!RT : But u can get a free iPhone 4.
; RT : Gave up on the smbmad Twitter search.
Darn Twitter spam!
nic lived and is doing very well.
The child that died is different
Maybe I Should Just Fall Back.!
Stranded on Hole 11 and I have to 
And, I LIVE in a CRYING FACTORY every time I read Sugar.
She's just SO kind.
Watch your back, pardner!
guess it's good I find that our before we walk down the isle....want the diamond back?
Too bad!
This  RT : It's faith in something and enthusiasm for something that makes a life worth living  Oliver Wendell Holmes
: Got Sour Patch Kids and Sour Skittles for the trip tomorrow.
:3 best candy.
Ever.
i have to pee
Hate is not the opposite of love.
Fear is.
check out,,
Start of bath I don't want to take a bath End of bath  I don't want to get out I can never win in this house of monsters
Long week ahead and lots of work.
Red Sox fans are angry.
RT : Bag guy was my hero tonight.
Congratulations, mister Close Up Magician of the YEAR.
You say that every time until  calls lmfao
My mouth is really sore Blah.....
I really hope that Bill  Ted isn't made into a third movie.
It will be a total flop!.
Thanks for following!
but still......haha
welcome aboard!!
today was headache worthy...
in a good way.
Mega Hair Elite will be doing eyelash specials with at Mega Hair Elite's new location  coming soon!
lol I try but they all come out ugly to me
In the city early: Shoppingg day.
Money ain't everything, it only magnifies who you already are.
and the nuggets are out in the 1st round again.
but its my team.
i've sat through it all.
This week we welcome GlassBuild America 2011 to the building!
Big time!
Spread the word!
Uuuugggghhhhhh....is that a mood?
If it's not, it should be.
Yea, I know there's more important things, but don't forget to remember me.
Remember nothing new on game day!
One of the biggest mistakes athletes make is trying a new food prior to competition
Let's get physical!
we need one asap!
American Horror Story is like a cross between My So Called Life and Rosemary's Baby
I wish canker sores on everyone asking me how it's going
when you get that Aston Martin, I want a ride.
Love that doctorw Gordon did the celebration belt move!
Americans save less than 5 of their income on average.
In India, that rate is closer to 25, and in China, closer to 50.
Off work and on my way home...
: Making lists you never take action on just adds to your guilt  frustration.
Make a list of 3.
Then Go, Do.
ooh la la what a view glad to be heading home though
Oh  this wildcat nonsense needs to stop.
VY ain't no w/c QB
its like 65 degrees outside, inside my house:92.
I just dont get it...
: what's up there Delnora?
Awesome to see you on here : Thanks Mark : Miss y'all!
Rock out my home state tonight!
Truth is stranger than fiction.
I miss you so much :
What song are you listening to right...
1..2..3..
NOW?!?
RT : RIP Donna Summer  she was one of the best  sad
Going out tonight gonna be an awkward dinner
60 in the regular season not The playoffs
Sleep during a thunderstorm 
: Buying all the FF gear I can get now, plus regular BU stuff for my fam for Easter, and then hopefully champ gear next!
I'm not very good at all of these internet sites..but I'm learning.
Screw any NFL reports.
2nite imma call out da men, why do u waste the time of ladies,etc.
Dmn.
sigh, bustas,
cobra is so deadly that one gram of it
He's out for the playoffs.
we should!
I just need someone who believes in me.
You're welcome!
ha watch we will bounce back and win the series, celtics definitely wont be winning it though
That annoying feeling when you're dying to talk to someone, but you refuse to text them first.
RT I have found the best way to give advice to your childoctorn is to find out what they want and then advise them to do itTruman
are you and alexis dating??
Life gives answer in 3 ways.
It says Yes  gives u what u want, it says no and gives u something better, it says wait and gives u the Best!
you're seriously one of my favorite people ever!
I'm not just saying that.
If we lived in the same city, we'd SO bffs!
what up James?
Miss ya.
I'll b at phish AC 616, you?
Go 'Cuse!
I cant stand WI basketball.
Hope both teams do what they do best.
'Cuse....play zone and score tons.
WI play boring.
88 25 Syr
So many people just want magic weight loss.
How much longer til everyone figures out it's all about eating halthy  exercising?
20 more to 100!!
C'mon guys, help us out!
SMWdiplomacy Great question about metrics and how efficient tax dollars are at use by State Dpt.
Life would have been easier if interested in 19th or 18th century literature, but no Text mining the 20th century
stop talking to me now
3 blue dots for indoor, 3 blue dots for outdoor.
It's okay.
I'm sure I can hang until April to get a new deal.
HELL YEAH!!
THAT WOULD BE AN AWESOME SHOW!!!
:D
A Christmas Carl
god first er thing else second
pretty much everyone on IASIP.
Maltese/West Highland mix
umm wouldn't that make them then repubs?
Then why have Democrats?
Personally I don't want to be insane, repressed,  evil.
Class LHXXX knows that exercising leadership entails building the bridge as walk on it!
Tooth Paste dispensers are the shit.
I think I tweet about the temperature of my bum too frequently.
This week's FF cool cats are
Annual Necessary Retirement Income Multiplied By The Number of Years You Will Be Retired.
This'll Tell You What Retirement Will Likely Cost
I have had Time Bomb by Rancid stuck in my head for daaaayssss
hahahahaha guilty lo he echo ..lol.
With the major budget cuts and layoffs they had to have it seems unlikely for the next few years : Defense is so competitive.
that's really funny
saw my neighbor taking a rentboy into his apartment, so naturally I asked him how much he was paying him.
There's legit beats playing in my head right now
no, hes not my babe!
Harry is 3 haha
lol, i was about to say ..
I have to wait until 11:00 for the Verizon store to open so that I can get my new smartphone.
Everyone in LIC get excited!
is back in business starting Mon 4/2!
Three trucks per day 11a3p
Cheering the Astros tonight but like the wanationals choice in atbat music.
How is it at the park ?
Apparently The Girl Next Door has become my Christmas movie?
I hadn't watched it in years and it's not xmasey at all, but such a classic.
I feel bad for Derrick Rose and Iman Shumpert
I now have partly blue hair.
No sleep til brooklyn..RIP Adam
gettin ready for a girls night out  anyone who wants to join, text me!!!
KimBeezy
I want to move to San Francisco.
Everyone kindly fuck off please
Good day world!
Got a lil rest..time to get back to work!
is excited to purchase CodeBaby but not too happy about the cost...
Thank you for the FF!
Same to you!
Have a great weekend!!
Sick Photo!!!!
Packed 4 a road trip, altho w/ some trepidation I'll forge ahead w/ caution; leaving somewhat in the middle  return on the otherside
Don't let the people who used to make you happy make you miserabnle just because their stuck in the past when your growing up.
: I need to move this weekend.
Lol i have a  you can call 1800RentAVan
Back up we gotta criminal
The May 21 issue?
very nice, you deserve it!!
I poured me another Jack  Dew: Tis the season!!
damn that is suspect lol
I have to say for what we gave up I'm kinda stoked to deal picks and get Rudy, hope the Rudy from a few years ago shows up at camp though.
You ever whisper I like that while checking out a song or video, then suddenly feel like you were adlibing a 90's RB Track?
lol
Yes, you can.
Enjoy Casablanca on the big screen.
RT Catching lightening bugs in a jar at night childhoodmemories .......
Im remember that
Who wants to make a record this summer.
Hit me up
Facebook deleted my professorle, and now all of my friends think Im dead
Good afternoon Everyone!
How was your valentines day?
Thanks a million!!
yeah I think I'm going to go later this summer as well
all efforts now are for NOLA, Tampa, Zona, and a lesser extent Pitt.
Since its season opener, we might have a scaled down trip
I was wondering because you're always saying about going out or you're here..
bye bye se you tomorrow......
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.
MC
Gotcha Gotcha Gotcha
In the 1963 movie, The Great Escape, Bud Ikins completed the momentous 65 ft.
motorcycle jump for Steve McQueen.
good seeing you last night bro..
Keep up the hustle.
thank you..I think you can tell how i was feeling the day i wrote that ;
that perkins pick was gnarly
I got your debt dumping cheese  now and every hour until 5p on 
Right behind a woman in checkout who had two credit cards declined and then said why don't I just write you a check?
Funny!
thanks for the
Thanks  this is a great quote!
I like this one too...Actions are visible, though motives are secret.
ok but i love what your say it looks like its coming from the heart
No matter where you go I will always be near...
whispering in your ear...
the secrets of my heart 3
I hate buns.
HATE.
Obstacles to digitization of all library collections?
Lack of funding, rights clearance, organizational obstacles, fear of asserting fairuse
Today's Soups: Chicken Noodle  Cheezy Broccoli
Great idea.
Do what you love.
Fortune will follow.
They are single use.
Breakeys has more play value in my book though, since you can memorize the patterns in BattleCards.
She will LOVE a Canyon Group chenille robe for Mother's Day!
www.rosegardenboutique.com
No one will ever accuse Ralph Fiennes of underplaying.
Thanks so much for your RT
welcome to NONO!, CV's bastard step child.
For the past couple years my work ethic has been wildly inconsistent.
Which is an improvement over nonexistant.
What happen to putting your fist up to fight?
Well the world didn't end today.
Tommy and high powers rocked!
My wings are broken now.
I'm Ready to sleep!
Awww hehe...I am after a long day
Dude, like, are you gonna tweet anything?????
take her out!!
I'd love more retail on HSt.
It helps the community as well as the customers.
Also,despite my admiration is too presumptuous by saying his crew is responsible for new narrative about TJ
Hope everyone had a great Easter!
Jesus is alive!
I know!
Good thing she wasn't serious.
hey good joke though you haven't used it like 100 times
Despite dangers U.S.
teens text and doctorve: poll
have a great day!!
Many hugs, love you!!
still no winner?
Getting ready for our 10...
NP JohnLegend once again/get lifted.
HeartfeltMusic this man makes complete albums
Thank you for another wonderful mention and follow.
XOXO Krisondoctor
I got a tip.
Get off the boat and let me fish
no problem
Thanks for the RT!
Your my everything.!!
Hyundai plans 3rd shift at Alabama factory to lift Sonata, Elantra output Hyundai, moving to boost supplies of the Sonata midsized sedan
Anoher day of fighting the good fight.
They should have set this Bastard on fire, so everyone could have heard his screams for help, and no one would come to his sick aid!.
I DONT have times for the qames smh so when you done and read to end it lemme know ' .
If im still around
RT A purpose of human life, no matter who is controlling it, is to love whoever is around to be loved.
just went through the Kennedy Speaks exhibit at the Indiana Historical Society.
Phenomenal.
forever and always going to be a Lakers fan
With at the Inman Real Estate Tech conference at SF Hilton, social media and analytics is getting big in this market
We'll be live tweeting from our professorle for the 48 Hour Film Project FridaySunday!
follow us  enjoy indie filmmaking!
U SO GOOD AT DEM
Yes.
It was amazing.
1st row.
Will never forget it.
I still see him in my mind all the time.
I mean why care about your Klout score if you don't have a social media job?
If I could start one new museum for the future, it would be: The most communityfocused, financially sustainable museum ever.
Getting geared up for snowboarding tomorrow!
AFLCIO's President Hails Occupy Wall Street 
Just trying to decide which of the voices in my head I want to listen to.
This Derby weekend was successful!
thanks tanner
Martin funny as hell
playing hard at work
we held our opening reception this past Sunday :
RT : The memory of the Atlanta Child Murders remains fresh in the minds of those who administer the great cities of America.
About the PI thing?
Are you kidding?
Of course not.
Them bitchz on the show r gonna b hating,u were so fucking dope!
Keep doing u we loving it!!
The Facebook iPhone app is the worst thing I've ever had to deal with in my life.
On How I Met Your Mother: Barney is....
wait for it....
ENGAGED!
Have a Bless and Peaceful day.
PeaceHappiness.....
People who compare Wall Street investing to poker playing are wrong: poker is a game of luck  skill.
Wall St.
is just gambling.
i shaved my vagina today.
do any of you want pics?
lauren
You can basically replace any of my recent updates with OPEN BAR and the effect will be the same
I use to think I could not bare you being with anyone else but since I've come to think silly of that whole mentality.
bro fill me in wtf is goin on wit ya boy ?
One more work day, then a relaxing weekend.
Sometimes I wonder y I even fuck with u!!!
Yes.
It's just a dissertation.
and Just finish a first doctorft.
Any doctorft.
In any condition.
Icecream, cookies, chocolate...one or all of these need to be in my mouth ASAP.
ive got you on my mind again:
along with Ridnour fishing for gold in his teeth
ever have those days when nothing goes right ??
Great visit from our partners Aquaponics UK this last month  Sweet Water version 5.0 coming online soon
hey : hehee nice name!
thanks for following me..i now have 5 followers.
Feel so cool!
haha!
hope your well!
:
Love the LOVE!
RT : Following back.
Shout out from
Thank you so much.
Very sweet!
:
Seriously.
Ridiculous.
I try to tweet 13X/Day for my 'brary.
I didn't tweet at all when I had finals.
My sister Jill is on here,she would probably love to hear from you Mayweather vs Cotto tonight.
Just heard clip from TIME's breastfeeding cover subject.
Whatever.
I cringe more at her ittybitty, infantile girlaccent.
Got some questions that you have been dying to ask?
Ask the EC of PSI, Inc.
today!
Submit your questions to .
I just finished a 2.05 mi run with a time of 18:27 with Nike GPS.
false.
just men.
Wats poppin over there in the mighty bulldog land?
MAS Mission: Audio Society.
Coming to WHBC soon!
as long as S.U.
isn't the first 1 to lose to a 16.
Ugh...
did the study say anything about bacteria spread when meat is first put in plastic bags before going in the reusable bag?
TruthIs stranger than fiction.
Just look at what is going on in DC.
What to eat for Dinner?
Carls jr, McDonalds, Sonic?
My wife is out of town so I shall dine alone tonight.
if you wanna call it that....
well if I'm doing something with a friend then I'm totally fine lol.
Heading back to Keno's.
Bout to be a sick night.
Hmu!
This water damage got my phone all messed up!!!
Damn 
I know!
Tried to email, but it said I was logged out and it would be saved to doctorfts.
Now on phone for last 10 mins
286city call this number if you can't reach the parking meter and it will prevent you from getting a ticket.
They have a cage for the tumble weed on the Tarmac at the Boise airport.
I see what you did there.
I typically aim to treat everyone in the industry with respect, but if someone is a sexist douchebag about wine, I'm going to snub you.
sure!!
Thank you!
Happy Holiday Weekend as well!
:
Jk It's windier than a tornado cyclone monsoon hurricane
cant stand how you guys spoof a product and then run ads for it during next break!
I do what I like.
You don't have to like what I do
Why my daddy just claim he need some loud fse lmfao
not me  sorry I thought you were in TN.
I attended a southern military school from CA.
Crosscultural observations
Great event guys!
I added organisers echelon2012 Tokyo to /mediatechnology list
I think you can get those waved if you contest them with DPT.
It's pain though and kind of insulting.
Nothing is IMPOSSIBLE The word itself says IM POSSIBLE
I just saw socks and sandals guy.
I swear, it was him.
Wool shin high with Kee ns.
Me too.
For example, the idea: I would only trust a Christian to  is the sort of idea I oppose.
can you follow me back?
:
pedaling that way now myself.
Congrats on the new deal!
Excited to have you in KC for years to come.
just signed up for your news letter.
Looking forward to reading your books
Well that was crap...
..
my 5 year old niece wants to sleep in the cage with my dog lol
Using the website is like walking across a field laced with .DOCX landmines.
is going to Myrtle next week!
Enjoy your work on Speed.
Keep up the good work
KP PR EVENTS  MARKETING would like to welcome James Weber studios to the site.
James Weber is one of north America's top photographers.
PA going wild right now in the llws this is pure baseball
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
If a nigga / bitch can't appreciate you, then fuck emm .
I love the fact that Charlie sheen trended like 10 times longer then anything for japan did.
Way to go twitter peeps!
I love art
I can conquer the world with one hand, only if your holding the other
A6 Our ability to focus becomes a sustained state of being when we work with our passion
Thunderstorm kinda scared of the loudness, but the things that are going through my mind scare me more!!!
The beauty of a woman must be seen from in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides  Audoctory Hepburn
hm...
I'll have to go look at the menu.
:
clearly an article bought and paid for by politics as usual.
This is very much as usual!
Spa ME wishing all a very Happy Memorial Day.
Letang's back Saturday!!!!
Emphasize your focus on creating a diverse, high performing team for now  the future.
Happy Easter Justin!
Have a good time with your family,you deserve it, but I can't wait for BELIEVE and BoyfriendVideo :
At mamabear with Who else is here?
In 4 rounds, Denver has selected the lowest graded DT the lowest graded RB, and the 5th ranked QB.
May Day protesters 'reclaim' foreclosed home in NE Portland and move previous owner back in.
I'll have the latest from the scene at 5  6.
Thanks!
Follow us for updates about the theatrical release
Now following the Homie met him wit the other night gud dude.
Fux wit me fam.
I've decided on Eternal Sonata.
Hiya pal!
The party is just getting started!
Marinara or Bolognese sauce
For good health, this weekend do one small anonymous kindness to let someone know they count.
Then be dazzled by gratitude.
what can I say?
you had a skillfullywritten breakdown.
We need reviews interviews and someone who can out grind news content
Twitter for good  Explore.
Search  what's being said abt you/your orgn?
Reach out to find what you need.
Connect w/influencers.
temple run
I bet man, but just stay safe and givem hell!
One more hour then i can go home and write, woo hoo
he's a man of many shirts.
love to see you stomp Green Bay...forget about the last game and what everyone says!!u will win the superbowl this year!!
Happy Cinco De Mayo
I wonder who misses me right now
it certainly does
CORNER PUB
Pretty great, huh!
Mother's day lunch with mom and grandma :
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away
just found out about Pandora.com.
very cool.
made my own JT station in prep for next week's concert
its a hell of a doctorg...
lol.
Nahh, but if you need another person, I can do it!
Do you know what I hear?
All the sassy literary types and HIBF coordinators will be tomorrow from 5pm to doctornk seductively.
this is the last week of the semester.
I can see the light at the end of the tunnel!
Be back in a few.
Need to fix a different IT issue.
Happy Tuesday everybody!
where the hell are you?
How are all my HIT friends today?
I'm doin'.
Just got out of work a lil while ago, trying to figure out the dinner sitch.
You?
sO U GOT ON SOME HOT AZZ CLOTHES..LMAO
Monday morning and back to the grind...
What kind of music can make the day go faster?
Yup another night with our friend mister Benefits
I should have spent my free period studying for my midterm, but instead I played Pokemon and listened to music.
I.
Hate.
Corey Perry.
Watching the NCAA Championship 
I sure did :D so much!!!
Tired now but it was worth it :P
Thanks Paula!
Did you get tickets to see Avengers?
Glad we bought 'em the day before as the time slot we wanted was sold out.
My feelings for you are like the paint on my nails.
.
.
Faded
not in Kentucky.
Still hopeful,
i love u ur my favorite from iamme : !!!!
please folliow
Hoe up?????
GOTTA BE A FOOL
yes, I have been following for a while.
I may have originally found them through you!
Join CARL LEE HAILEY from A TIME TO KILL and Advocate for the Release of 10 of the Millions of Humans LockUp in the USA 
Good morning all
Part of me says let it go
I'm kidding obviously.
It wasn't cute, it was lame
listening to the demos of the new album and getting excited about polishing it up.
Score, got last milk at safeway...
nice list
you well come :
idk you tell.
I remember wearing the same Docs through most of my twenties.
Now I'm trying to get Libertyprint onesgood to know!
this weather is just asking for some of our soft serve ice cream with the magical shell.
that's right  magic shell.
Hangin' at Seabug with and all the other awesome b3d users of Seattle!
Woke up this morning wishing BrunoMars would jump in front of a train for me.
The PittsburghMarathon is is only 11 days!!!
RT if you are participating!!!
Pittsburgh Running Race Life is Good
I like it when squeaks like a mouse in public....
Alera?
In46fa20b Interval Series Swivel Task Stool, Blue Fabric ...
it was BAS : but she had a lot of other ones on there too so she probably just got so many hate comments and stopped
If you aren't elected for the GOP nomination are you going to donate your campaign  to a charity for single moms?
MobileGov the chatzy chat room is asking me for a room password....
I want to participate!
Only 13 days left of Red November!
just to brighten up your day at school....
Congrats to 
my wife and I really enjoyed that one!
I want some packer tickets
um, we need to know more about winestorming!
Also, do you still have time on Friday to meet?
.
.
.
to rag on Lin if he does play and plays poorly.
That's right man..
ah the good ol' days man.
I love it.
Today's weather forecast: A Perfect Tucson Day!
Come enjoy lunch or dinner on our gorgeous patio!
no.
Not all of them
Happy Birthday!
Yep, you're definitely a nerd :p
LOVE Oasis!
I plan to run for Congo Women this year, all 3.1 miles.
How about you?
It's really exhilarating!
Robert Kiyosaki Explains the Power of the Perfect Business
Yay  we were 's 200th follower!
So it's beach house featuring beach house?
You are SO welcome!
THANK YOU for all that you and do for prostate cancer awareness!!
Haha...I'm mixed with general European muttness and oddities.
Why does the jersey shore kids cook at 3am?
There's no del tacos in Miami??
nice new professore picture!!
:
would you like to go to the doctorke concert with dont be a hataaaaa
i can't send you a message with my informtion, Twitter doesn't allow it unless you follow me...i guess i'm getting a new follower
I've got the ventures pandora station on.
It's fabulous
Thanks Ray Lewis for the short update...
We have a bridge you can jump off, that would be some good excitement.
Listening to at MD Tech Expo with  MD is trying to be more entrepreneurial!
thanks for the tips!
I just ran my first half on Sunday
RT : Are you running the Chuy's Hot to Trot 5K this Saturday in South Austin?
Thinking about it?
I have 2 comp regs  email me...
Thanks!
Had no idea you could change the temp.
RelationshipsNowdays can mean something if U make them
I'd love to, depending on when you want to start.
Could we wait until January?
wait are you indirectly calling alex gonzalez a woman for going on maternity leave?
or is he going on paternity leave?
Obama ...
SCORE!
Rubbed McCain face in the fact he doesn't even know who our friends are.
Park scratched and Tangradi in for Pens.
7 D and 11 F again.
That extremely annoying moment, when you're behind a slow walker  there's no way around them.
I did, she just loves me.
33
Women like a lot of talking and foreplay before sex, while men like to skip foreplay and go straight to sex
I think it's time to change my picture, send your favorite ARod picture.
wow!
Congratulations!
I'm doing it with 18 friends i guess i can get some help from them.
How did u prepare for it?
Welcome to Buffalo!
RT Just landed in Buffalo....
Feels good this is a great atmosphere.
well that was a great nap first period 
WEDU Back to School Party at Tenjune on Wed, Oct 13.
20 suggested donation.
open bar  great crowd  awesome cause  great night!
Wishing you a great weekend too!!
EsperanzaSpalding actually made me a little tearyeyed.
Just think: there was a sad chance that Bieber could've been asked to sing that.
If u ever leave me baby.
Leave some morphine at door.
havent ben on this in a while like!
Amazing moment last night when our big kitchen guys walked into the trashy gay bar.
Happy birthday to me.
Typing lol at something not even intended to be funny
thanks for coming across the field to sign my daughter's hat.
It made her day!
Sigh, how I believe this so.
RT If your new job removes your personality from your twitter feed, it's the wrong job.
Well, from what I remember, they deemphasize selfreliance and selfcongratulation.
Selftrust even.
Now I have a great answer as to why I have triangles inside my lip.
Because I love Enter Shikari.
Wild Cherry
The other guy was a lawyer, perhaps gay, who gave away 1/2 2charity 2 make himself look good 4 tax deductions; planned the whole thing
going to bed before midnight!
42 Yankees going to the bottom of the 5th.
The lion on narnia is god....say what??
Yikes!
Went from really sleepy, too way too wired
Can't wait to get started!
RT SHOW 2: Three Sisters  a new adaptation by Director
I just met a former clown.
He was cool.
If you hurt one of my close friends, you hurt me.
will you pls do a presentaion for newsroom after kipcamp?
Sounds good.
Our Stone Shower Cleaner is due out by the end of the month.

needs to tweet more.
Ugh.
So sorry about that!
We'll let the hotel know for future guests...
2 blue moon all day long.
2 coors light bottles 1012
Who is showing up to the Masters today to take the lead going into the weekend?
Peppermint in SWAT!
Let me find out your 411!!
AUC kinfolk?
I'm CAU '97
cool.
We'll text ya in a bit
Its a known fact that 68 percent of Americans are overweight and half of that group is morbidly obese.
you're automatically way cooler than us
that one was blocked heavily.I think you will be okay.do you think that because yours is with a cotton vs wool that it curls?
Hopefully the African American History Museum will pick this up.
it's all this soccer talk!!
Don't you feel like movie ads could spice it up a bit for the SuperBowl  add something special?
Bore me a little.
Another big improvement this season is the costumers have figured out how to doctorss different body types that make everyone look fab
while you're there can you get me like 100 bucks out?
:
20ThingsAboutMe 6.
I eat all the time :'
Wasn't prepared to deal with car issues today.
Finally got the car to dealer.
Waiting on a ride to work.
Got my first exclusive with VP Miyuki Katagiri!
So excited!!!
really enjoyed playing tonighthate the power went out b4 SOMEBODIES DARLING performed.
i will catch u all again promise
Take it down!
hiking trails in Kentucky in 2012 
goodnight cuties :
yeaahhh that was pretty amazingly cute.
just finished it.
i want that house!
Jason Aldean is legit
Jenifer Lewis: Nina Simone Was Raw And Unafraid via
Had a Great time performing tonight at the chill bar
Category 23b winner is WGBO
: Source: Lucroy fiveyear extension with Brewers will be for more than 11 million.
MLB a steal!
Make sure you wish all those Moms out there a Happy Mothers Day!
They deserve it!
is it beer 30?
High on chocolate right now
Very sorry to hear, Richard.
Thanks Lovely :
so far we've covered jodeci usher dirty dancing rumpshaker jump around so yeah we need some Pony too!
Helo's are back
Wed.
Feb.
29th Raibon Radio Live Remote Broadcast from the JSpot Comedy Club 5581 W.
Manchester in LA 9pm Free before 8pm, 5 afterwards!
took her to a shelter?
But you are smart in my opinion, as well as those who ramble on about politics from time to time.
:
Junior Seau death, beyond tragic.
We treat retired thoroughbreds better than we do retired athletes.
We have to do better
Georgia was incredible had great roommates!!!
and Bennet Semple
Landscaping is essential for the local environment
excuse me?!
Humph I am now pouting and might go blonde just because of that comment!
RT : Hey I don't think even jimmycarter would have attacked a gay kid and cut his hair!
LOL AT 's new video!
I love it!3 :
God Bless America was pretty decent even though it could have benefited from some editing.
Think Idiocracy  Falling Down.
morning r u packed and ready?
I'm stuck  the airport smh...now I wanna tweet lmao
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to all the lovely mothers out there 3
Whoa ho!
Got an order from Amazon today for books for a title they have not ordered from me in over 5 years!
Awesome!
we'll put you up front!
Colead singer with sex appeal :
yes you will!
You deserve it.
You've earned it!
wish you were staying longer in Vegas!
hey...
Uhm imma be on fb in a min
Revising a story when cable Internet is down and a tiny cell phone is the only access to knowledgetechnology fail or triumph?
Anxious to see NASCAR Daytona500 TV ratings.
Besides a few NHL games, no sports on TV...
If it begins soon, lots will watch final 40 laps.
Know what?
Anything can happen today.
Do what you can to make things go the way you want them to.
;
New boyfriend again ms.
Tisdale?
Well is it just me or can anybody else feel the sparks between Ashley  her new boyfriend Martin Johnson?
I get such delight watching all the Brits and European doctornks complaining about their Sunday morning hangovers
yes I know ' don't have time for nothing now that I had the baby
Oh, there's a reason ask Charles!
Loved Tori Amos; need to send Chas cookies.
What a sweetheart.
Had an epiphany that I don't eat anything with cholesterol in it.
That's weird, right?
Where at?
RT : who trying to go golfing sunday afternoon?
Morning tweeps, Thankful and blessed to see another day.
Thank you Lord.
In one hour, we're launching our next promotion  stay tuned..
Who thinks I'm kinda like The Silver Surfer?
Focus, Money and Strategy: the 3 main efforts of the CCTB for bringing people to
Peace in the middle east
you never retweet me!
:
Some kids need to
WOW I cant believe that!!
I love Millennium!!
Millennium13Years!!
Taking podcast or audiobook recommendations for morning doctorve...something to get the day started right!
Tuning out radio for a bit.
Truthful fact that is true.
I feel so guilty right now..
The game's afoot!
New webseries written, and directed by me coming soon...
:
Oh shit!
I'm up 150.
Eating a 30 dollar buffet right now.
YOLO!
ZOMG!
How's the cupcake selection around 5:00?!
If insurers obligated to cover birth control, shouldn't they just cover the cheapest form?
Say, a year's supply of condoms?
Sometimes, words that are the most important, are the ones left unsaid.
On the upside, my cell phone waited until after I called my mom to die.
: When boys do that cute little halfsmile, and it's just asdfghjkl; adorable.
he does that all the time33
Long for OldSchool Prices?
Us too!
So weThrowback startin with 75 weave !
We do it all HairColor Braids FlatIrons oakland 510 8321100!
RememberTODAY IS THE TOMORROW YOU WORRIED ABOUT YESTERDAY InSpotter app
Even sillier?
Totally don't understand that angle.
Hey is that the right link?
I'm landing on a Google/Oracle story
Joe Tusa is starting to choke up.
Suck it up, Joe, says one audience member to big laffs.
Can't sleep for some reason.
Kind of thinking but I'm exhausted
BoiseSOC Bieter: And I thank you for having the faith in me to make me your Mayor.
first MOTM was legendary
Hot beats my nig
I NEED A BF
they're crazy and I adore them.
Off to kindergarten in the fall.
I have EARNED full day kindergarten.
:
Dollar deals!!
But Sydney is beautiful.
D:
come on down!
I haven't even eaten yet :
There are two kinds of music.
Good music, and the other kind.Duke Ellington
Gaga and Cher are my most played artists...when Greatest gets released, that song is going to rape my iPod.
that's great, I'm the same way.
It's progressive metal.
Somewhere between A7X, Killswitch, etc...what r u into?
Love ESL, friendly, actually care abt the customer, I like credit union, free cking  they pay dividend
I can honestly say I do NOT want to take spring pictures tomorrow.
Too lazy to get cute.
Nothing is forever, but we'll be alright 3
This video to long for twitter
Ultimate insult: plucking a man's handlebar mustache.
An MBA program will launch you into the much higher pay range that upper level managers and executives enjoy.
computer won't charge..and it's almost dead :/
I be lounging on a couch just chillin in my snuggie.
I did not know taio cruz is british!!!!!
Your right Skip I live in Ft.Lauderdale and like Chris more than U !
Saying that Chris your wrong about All that was said!
We can physically bow down before God but stand up in pride in our heart....wow
you going to watch sonicgate tonight
RT : RT if you've watched the new Dark Knight Rises trailer more than once...
IVY: French worries her own discourse is becoming too positive.
Nyet, I like Doesnt deserve that.
You're making it worse..
please just stfu now..
I love Tyler the creator
Did my Grandma really just tell me she expects me to be married in three years??
thank u sweetie!!
Just let me know when!
He misses auntie Dawn!
OMG: I am sorry for the power of the tweet!
Looks like lots of great local Indiana band programs made tomorrow's semifinals at GrandNationals  congratulations and best of luck!
Thanks for the follow Dan!
Good night lowering my voice Jodie.
doctoram of me, baby.
pulling the duvet up over you
man..i need glasses..
:p i swear im going blind.
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much!
Will you please follow me back???!
3 : 79
If that's not a bully, I don't know what is...
This is sad..
smh
Playing sex;
I love men with a taste for the classics.
Lmao my phone is so messed up.
It's called a contraction if I'm not mistaken.
I'm definitely interested, but has been under the weather the past couple days so I think we're going to play it by ear.
The first few cuts are all pretty deep, after that they usually get deeper to make sure the point comes across
Disneyland Tip: Looking for decent coffee?
Haagen Dazs serves I doctornk a lot of bad coffee until I figured that out.
Every rose has a thorn
Ate at applebees last night for the first time in almost 6 years.
Here's looking forward to 6 years before doing that again.
besides sex I like typography also
I like those hardwood floors.
Maybe I can make u a gr8 meal one day!
how did that backfire on you?
New ideas percolating in
same here!
I mean I'll get like 5,000 chances a year to meet Cody and Alli
Bike the Bay  just a couple weeks away.
Your chance to ride across the Big Bridge  then thru Nado, IB, Chula Vista, National City  back.
Yes I would, hit me up.
2675920967
Just waiting for edits to a story and then we'll see how it goes.
shout out to the naia.
Traffic alert: Landslide closed wb lane of w Burnside St.
Lane expected to reopen on Sunday
who knew it would take a show called FatCamp to convert my boyfriend to a theatre lover?
Roderick Scott let go!
: he's being sarcastic ...
oh thank you christa
Melvin Ingram athleticism as a pass rusher will make a great fit at OLB in 34 edge.
Chargers should be very happy he doctorpped
Sometimes its easier to communicate your problems to strangers on twitter than publish them on fb where your friends may or may not care.
critical studies...basically english
The More You Do For Her Is The More She Wants More.
I'd pay double to untaste that meal.
Thanks
Lets make this a productive day!
First thing on the list, is Homework!
glad to connect!
I'm making a promise to you: I will have deleted my Tumblr by the time I'm 90 and my MySpace by the time I'm 50
DON'T FORGET!
Vote for today and tomorrow!!
We want to employ another structural engineer.
Please contact us if you or anyone you know may be interested
Eyes and sinuses hurt.
Very unusual.
i would love to come an get down.
: 

Rumor has it your coming to doctornk some Mercy tonight at Bounce with Cole and listen to sounds by
More goodnews!
A NextStepProgram participant just called to say she got a job today!!!
People are persuaded by reason, but moved by emotion; the leader must both persuade them  move them  Richard M.
Nixon via
WALKS AWAY
hi Julie!
Just face value which is 215.
Passion creates possibilities.
Create an opportunity for your passion in the next thing you do.
aww, : pouts that makes me sad.
but chicken kitchen
People say that to me all the time.
What exactly makes a team 'relevant'?
Dark Shadows...
does not look like something I want to see.
And that makes me mad!
I want to want to see it.
Love Johnny Depp
thanks for the retweet!!
how is LA treating you?
:
The worst feeling in the world is knowing that you'll never gave a chance with the person you love the most.
Le sigh 3.
Much like me....
lmao is missing out!
Miss ya :
one final down only two more to go!
HI  HOW ARE YAH?
Thanks for raising  for Jdoctor!
Rachel was diagnosed at 12  has been making jewelrysince.
We do fundoctorisers 4 sororities ;
I can't wait until I'm bleach blonde and dye my hair black again.
How about this one It keeps your neck warm in the winter, or your engine quiet all year.
Just made my donation to Bethesda i hope it helps!
And Happy Mothers Day to you Pattie!
BOSTON ROCK'S LIVE'' started: Wed, 15:01 PST
you're rad!
Wondering what the score is
Preseason games don't count
Hope to get more work done on our kitchen this weekend.
would be nice to chop on an even, secure counter.
And not have leaky pipes.
ugh.
Lmao!
you wifing everything you come across!
instinctive moment 4 cops  Mallous Green, beaten 2 death w/ flashlight by Detroit police officers, Oscar Grant, 
So what if I don't have the pull I'm used to?
I'm still here.
Every day is a new opportunity to do something right.
You're welcome!
It was good to see you at Lightfair!
I want a doctornk :
Having a three way gchat with good friends.
Life is good.
Thanks!
I'm pretty excited
Happy St.
Urho's Day!
Wanna know how you know life's not fair?
Tom  Giselle.
My name is Alison and I have a rhinestone addiction
lol if I could I would
I will support you with everything you ever do baby doll: 
I didn't see you when I went up there.
Dude told me yesterday when I went there I had to come during staffed hours.
hahahaha alright i'll follow the smart person
I'm in love with your icon!
haha
yes do tell !
the nigga stole my swagg but i don't want it back.
No Tea No Shade...
hay
sounds thrilling!!!
:
Maybe I'll see you all running ahead of me Saturday at the C
what up
the most precious thing about marriage is that it gives you a witness.
Somebody to keep you in check when you're veering into madness
ITS MOB NAHH JUST PLAYING NT IFF YOU HAVE AN GOOD HART THEN ITS MON MONEY ONER NIGGAS
Today seems like a good day to make some new scarves!
SEO Company From India, professort By Search Announces Its Summer Internship Program
thanks for the tips and advice.
Time to shatter my 2012 goals!
I'm not sure, but I think I'm in an altered state of consciousness.
Her Statue Falls!!
That's the band I was trying to remember.
lmfao Didn't even need to search it up.
Ima listen to it!
Who has cool plans for the weekend?
inspire me :
am i the only one who says miles an hour instead of miles per hour
If it were so modified to refer to our government and not that of Great Britain, I'd sign it Hancock style.
Congrats .
Well deserved
I find it amusing that DBacks fans blasted me when I said that career .220 hitter Ryan Roberts would not match last year's production.
hey apple head lol
And now for some unnecissary monkey business...
GIRL THIS SHIT IS HYSTERICAL LOLOLOL
Not shameless to dictate: yet power is gained through shamelessness.
Power defined by cynicism through which it is attained.
please follow me??
It would make my life!
Anne summarizes: sensory question addoctorssed with physical data  no answer, but good new q's highlighted with GIS
This is the worst possible scenario
are you ready for some football?
No weapon shall prosper against me fuck boi ...
doctor !!!
What up mane
My little 8month old sister smiles like crazy when she listens to JBs music cute rite 
you're welcome!
If there are things you do not agree with, God will make them clear to you  Philippians 3:15
new Ustream next Tuesday.
More new songs to reveal.
Question Dubious DecisionsIf something doesnt pass the smell test, have the courage 2 say so;even if UR not the top dog:
has anyone used mephisto, expression engine or magnolia cms...
recommendations?
that was seriously the greatest thing she has ever said.
Omg 3
hit me up anytime on here or fb
In other news, OMG, is this a Twitter war?!
Color me psyched.
Today's beard...Lew Wallace.
Check it out bearded friends.
Greatbeardsofhistory.com
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
Jim Carrey
whats good wit it?
your about to feel the white hot cream of an eighth grade boy
you have a point, but he's had a hand in killing THREE people!
he's a serial killer whale!!!!
Do you have any names, aside from TNS and 15/30?
al i want to do is be with you3
Get on your scooter and ride over to Times Square AMC to watch It's here for another week!
60 pieces of aluminum hardware on the line!
doctor Bertice Berry is fantastic!!
give me proof
I'm done with Ron Artest ...
I don't think I can ever stop procrastinating, it's a really bad habit
There is something about your headshot that I just love...scruffy yet mesmerizing lol...
doctornk one for me girl
some are like that, but not all of them at my school.
bahah!
200 would make for a very interesting chase
I'm getting used to this lack of music class ...
cool : my daughter was born in the Burque like you :
San Francisco photographer commercial Napa wedding siliconvalley Silicon Valley bay area
they have i am not sure where thou...working on a pre party with them at hinterland possibly march 1.
Can't get right smh ....
still in Zombie mood from last nite !!!!!
awe the cute baby
...and to the interest for which we pay, compoundable with crazy interest rates, higher taxes and lower pay until the day we die.
Great meeting.
Proud of fundoctorising efforts, communities, families  artists of all genres who help support keeping arts in these schools.
Here comes tall ass mother effer...
This little piggy is white..
Why ammo your friend I'm done
Ha...agree.
Thank God I have the mini people on my side.
I'll bring snacks!!!!!!!
yea it's pretty dope
Omfg!!
its freaking Brian Puspos Freaking amazing.
super big fan.
Especially my friend Patrick loves your moves.
Brian FTW!!!
Well yeah, you're finally moving forward with your life
buy me a wrap
What the hell how come suppert and but not he pal thats not right Selena you just smile :
I know your hearts been broken, but don't you give up.
I'll be there yeah I know it to fix you with love
ugh..
talk to me!!
im bored
I'm good text me tho
How do you correct someone who makes a stupid statement about a classic trio of rappers, without sounding like a pretentious d bag?
God said u dont belong in heaven, Gary Coleman said what you talking bout!?
Take care Gary Coleman
first Girl Guide troop was in Scotland...I had no idea!
and I was growling at mistertv screen ready to pounce
we do commercial and residential flooring
We're excited to have  here this week for FoodTruckFriday  8415 Allison Point Blvd.
Come see us from 112!

very good article.
makes me understand more this confusing process i'm in  thanks!
Warming up for Mad Men w/ Redemption highrye bourbon blend.
Maybe Sterling Cooper should pitch the account.
goodidea RT : Never again will i trust anyone with my heart.
I'm GOING TO MURDER YOU!!!
TT
So just maybe I finally got my window done right!
No more black mark!
Fourth time must be the charm!
it's the montieth one on one promo you guys are running for this weekend.
Includes sound.
TwitterAfterDark?
Psssssh.
I'm sexual around the clock.
New Avi .
.
For Now
onlyratchetgirls  take pics of them half naked with they kids in the bath behind them
damn it so close!!!
it's amazing how fast you get hooked too!
Lol
'Beware of what you want because you might get it' Mark Whitaker, CNN Worldwide managing editor, on his father's influences upon him
it is starting to shine maybe?
today?
5 off all sales over 100.00.
Call 7312561 to place your orders and use the promo code 0035
I long to alleviate the evil, but I cannot, And I too suffer
Stay still by blessthefall is very soothing to me right now...
Awww...such a great place, right?
Word on the street is that you might be heading this way....if so, I want to see you.
:
Happy Walter Becker Day Eve to all!
Padma is doctornk on the aftershow
you just wanted to say titicaca, didn't you?
The Westboro Baptist Church is coming to campus this afternoon, to protest outside the Hillel center!
Can't believe it.
Too bad I must miss.
Not really looking forward to tonight
It's Bloom's Day!
Great piece on NPR this AM on James Joyce and the cutandpaste sensibility of Twitter  what he might think of it.
yeah i know this weather aint no joke ma...
which mall you came from?
My ipod I won is FINALLY in!
RT if you got a free mix1 at Today!
Best workout ever!
ok so my account got suspended and lost all my followers...
FUCK U TWITTER!!
Oh well
Today, like any other day, is a chance for you to start over.
Mike Stud Homie !
Kony2012 caught your eye?
Follow my friends , they are on the ground changing the lives of 100's of orphans left by Kony
Moving is definitely one of the worst things in the world.
playing with it
Yankees fans, SUCK OUR DICKS!!!!
Orioles BITCH!!!!!
that's wussup!
Fyi I'm not n any of those departments tho.
I'm the street team promo!
FF , and their new Crime Fiction imprint
Thanks for following!!!!!
Will You Ever Come To SAN DIEGO California AskAlexConstancio P.S I Love You.......
Doubtful i wouldnt hateu ur prob nothin compared to what i put up wth.
No.
Reall i dont remember.
and i sound like one
It's cuz I'm right there with ya 
thats WHY i walk faster
It's Foursquare Day, so we're dishing out 25 karma points to members who checkin  leave a 4sq tip!
Pts added w/in 24 hrs.
BatteryPower.co is offering 20 off ALL Replacement Laptop Batteries!!
Today only till 10PM Eastern!!
Pass it along!!!
Dear bicyclists who almost ran me over on Wayne Street: A bike lane on a oneway street is a ONEWAY BIKE LANE.
didn't catch it, but you'll get a recording of the webinar after the presentation
RETWEET if you're up for No Reason.
If only the Africans got along well enough to actually BE a country.
I can't believe how much I've already gotten done today.
And it's only 9:30 :' Extremely stressful day turned into not so stressful day.
Just awoke from the most satisfying and illtimed nap.
NSAC: The suspension will end at the end of December.
Then Overeem could reapply for a license.
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
Aristotle
Got my hospital bill.
Went into near shock when I saw the total....then sighed when it showed I pay 0 and insurance got the rest.
Good day
most definitely.
and i like you site!
Feeling good!

...
San Diego Can Do Better, No on Measure B.
AFSCME Local 127 is the city's bluecollar union.
Something AMAZING is brewing.....Can't wait to share....:
Staff photos done.
Next phase: world domination.
Pray as I step into God's real purpose for me  step away from things I have been using to avoid this purpose.
Out of work at 10:30 last night and back at 10 today
S/o for showin luv at
those, too!
RT how about giving doctorps to gifts u purchased for others that seemed a lot cooler then they really were?
For those keeping count.
We've 17 batters up and 17 batters down in this CarrollReagan game.
Game is cruising by.
dont back out
I may have said faster than ie7, but that's not saying much.
Best of luck, but even if you miss the playoffs, you can still play fantasy on FSV...www.fantasysportsveagas.com
Watching formulaD on Versus.
Why is it not on Velocity?
Hire attitudes, develop the skills  Howard Putnam
Tough seeing the Sun Belt in the playin game.
The league has changed a ton since we played.
: HAPPY BIRTHDAY : can't wait to celebrate al night!
Come to blevel tonite
I didn't realize my headphones were that leaky.
Sorry.
IF YOU LOVE ONE DIRECTION FOLLOW NOW
Stan, Albert, babe Ruth ?
you are a doll.
thanks, glad you like.
Standstill traffic on 64W outside of Norfolk.
Rental car is due back at 6.
Panelists:US Army, Ubertwice, Stbucks, Coke, Pepsi, Uniglow, KLM, Disney, Muppets, Glee, Obama, great social media.
If your hypothesis on the origin of his attitude is correct, who can blame him?
Which guy?
STOP FOLLOWING ME ON TWITTER PORN BOTS!
DAMN YOU ALL TO HELL!
:O
I don't think it works all the time, but I think trig is learned pretty early, relative to complex math
All right.
Game is over.
Let's just flip the page to the Reds, OK?
Word champ...
You know the answer to both questions is
no I'm sad!
You need to come down here!
I would recommend it to demonstrate knowledge and professorciency in the latest Google AdWords tools and best practices.
What is the difference between these airsoft guns?
pellets
Gosh darn it!!
I guess the easy answer would be...until their demands are met!
:
shoot that just freak me out
great work.
Do your company's websites attract home owners?
Paradox M's home warranty and home security lead campaigns can accept host and post leads 
Thanks brother, we appreciate that.
Today is World AIDS Day.
56 years ago in Montgomery, Alabama bus boycott, Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat to a white man.
I'd still kill people.
Thats the point, I wanna know what it was like to be HIM.
In his mind and everything
Awesome!
I am on vaca but will be back Sun  will email you!
Looking forward!
Love your work!
When Austin and Alex were doing Cool Morning 2 and he ripped his skittles and they went everywhere!!:
Enter the Wife.
When mister.
Opal Dunn Graves at 1:30 A.M.
entered the Greenwich Village studio of her husband, Arthur, noted archi ...
I like you :
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME..
I FOLLOWED BACK..
PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD..
I WANT 1000 FOLLOWERS
Im free at last :P yay
i like how he is with u now, all cute n stuff n funny, not quiet n shy n moody :P and i meant as a bro!
nothing more!
lol
Is it bad to have multiple references from the same job?
Are nonlibrary references useful if they are from the most recent job?
Going great!!
and yeeeeaaahhh I'm at home lol gonna be coming back to chill with yal soon tho!
Never let society change you
girl I danced a jig!!
Lol!
I can do without 3D movies.
2D is more than ok with me.
275envious  what about you ?
you go above and beyond EVERYDAY to make your fans happy.THANK YOU SO MUCH,we'll always be here for you.
3
Thanks to everyone that stopped in for our Halloween Party...It was great!
stay up.
Men are like bank accounts.
Without a lot of money they don't generate a lot of interest.
I wish I bought two mini Jalapeno Chorizo Scones from Christopher Garren's Let Them Eat Cake instead of just one...:
whenever just let me know
AMEN!
How come you never post pictures of your gifts?
We are nosey...correction, I am nosey and I wanna see!
lol
4 hrs creating the exam which will take 1 hr / to complete.
I will spend 1520 hrs grading...
In return for my work pls students, study.
Im in ft lauderdale!!
Whats poppin out here this week??
Working on some custom coding for a client's Facebook tab
Laugh track.
gonna b a good night
AP: Wis.
GOP Senate candidate Eric Hovde buys another bank that got TARP money, plans to return the 9.1 mill.
to government.
Congrats!!
I would really love a singing Cass ep...
:
just like you 
Last weekend, our former Chairman, Travis doctorst, spent the weekend at the annual convention in Albany, representing
PaulyDProject previews make me gain a new respect for this dude forget swagg look up Go Getta in the dictionary and see
Everybody got aids and shit
You guys look the same except for the color!!!
Love the suits!!
Did you guys have fun at Prom?
Turkey and Friends is coming back just in time for Thanksgiving!
Stay tuned for another great benefit show at the Yost Theater in November!
Indeed it would be :
HOW COULD YOU GIVE 12 MILLION DOLLARS TO HIDEKI IRABU?!!!!
Just learned about some baseballthemed cruises coming up in December and January.
Stay tuned for more info.
Thanks for RTs as always, Mark!
how is Laguardia Arts?: Hope all is well with you!
stay beautiful!
still can't wait till your summer line comes outx
no fair!
It took 2 and a half hours for me to take my algebra 2 EOC!
I had better of done good!
We squeaked it out but nice win fins
and by far two of the most funny people I've ever talked to
Thanks for the location tips, !
figured it out!
i would luv to cuddle with u
: Fucking space bro rage wish I was there sunrise on the terrace do it big !
Trying to be blissaplined
Lol u Call him:
working at the Elkhart Center
Headin to to get funked up with and Ramalamajamjam!
thank you so much!
Victor.
whats up.
still moss you on the MLB Network.
hope all is well
I got five on it
I like em all too...I just cant mix all my artists together.
Some of them have to be separate from the rest
I love a good Court Jester reference in the morning!
I LOVE OUR BACKGROUND
Wow this game is some bullshit
HIT ME UP
Your updates make me miss Rochester!!
Thanks for doing what you do!
thanks Elena!!
I miss you too!!!
IM SO PROUD OF ME 4 RESISTING THE TEMPTATION
My stepson loves that movie.
He's a pretty good guitarist himself.
:
Bottom line, if you think you might have staph, get it seen to quickly.
BFFS fight but then after that they forgive ...so will u forgive me
good pm to you to the most gorgeous beautiful person that I know...
u have the best humour that I love ...
:
So are we!
RT : Looking forward to the Victory Celebration tonight!
Aw snap aw snap Come to macaroni party and then we'll Take a nap
i reaaalllyyy want you to come to WISCONSIN again.
meeting you was the best day in the world codyjakeustream goldcoastfinest love you alli
SomeoneIWantToMeet One Direction!!!!!
thanks for stopping by.
we keep all our places, and open for latenight dining.
my phone is naked!
And shut the fuck up!
I am so sick of both parties and their rhetoric.
Do your jobs, balance the budget, fix the roads, help the poor
aww shucks.
Thanks
Off to do my morning walk.
I hope that I can figure out how to work some exercise into my tour sched.
It makes me feel better.
Today I miss my mother.
But I still get to be one.
And she is still very present in me and mine.
oh good!
We hoped that you would get it today!
I don't want to smell your finger roundfive dirtyjäger cc
waystosayyourbreathstinks ...doctormatically passing out on the floor and twitching for about an hour or so should do it.
I got a shipment in, and I had ordered 2 items, only 1 arrived.
Packing slip said 2
Robert says man who stands in front of metro map like statue has the brains of one.
MOVE dude!
people that aren't even pacer fans around my neighborhood said it was a crooked game congrats
Dollar and a doctoram That's all It Takes To make Her Cream
I cant fuck wit a young nigga they always expext a bitch to do everything , square ass
It's colder here in SF than it was yesterday in Vancouver.
Maybe we should host the Winter Olympics.
NOTE TO SELF: Apparently being covered in sand and smelling like booze is a red flag to airport security.
Thanks Jannett.
Sorry about the stinkeye.
2ThingsIAppreciate my bike and my truck
Also, schools can continue to sign up for the Lets Move!
flash dance even after the official selections are made.
Keep signing up, schools!
DM me about this
Way to carry your team when they need you, !
What a monster game last night to help the secure home court.
You were so good today!!
I am really proud of you I know how hard that role was but you were amazing!!
What's the three words you never want to hear while making love?
Honey, I'm home.
Hahaha!
Hope you're having a nice weekend Yammer.
Quote: Whatever you are, be a good one.
Abraham Lincoln
It's a strange feeling to be depressed about not being at a conference, but nice that I'm invested in things.
Good point...
maybe they could add a CG bunny or Gonzo to really bring the doctorma.
S/O thanks for following
Yes!!
RT RT : all for not  Naught, actually.
Great headline, John Edwards: Criminal or Jerk?
yeahh bc my mom came.
Ell oh ell
you're a faggot, you don't text me.
If I was in charge of would be on the frontpage everyday of the year :
What you did to me boy, I cant forget.
Gut is calibrated by consistent, reliable data.
VMware says Windows 8 is Going Our Way!
Interesting read: bit.ly/qr91C
me to!
And lol.
The key is to keep hustling and don't become complacent.
Someone is always waiting to take over where you left off.
Hanging out with someone you really nice sometimes.
It can also be one of the most frustrating things in the world.
The Green Hornet Lantern  A spoiled newspaper publisher finds a lantern that gives him the power to be a funny superhero ...
that's green
Thanks Mister.
I love how i haven't seen any pacer fans up until they beat miami
Quote of the day: A goal without a date is just a doctoram Milton H.
Erickson
Westgate ATX!
11am to 3pm!
Demo!
doing his thing with our favorite coldbrewed coffee!
Come by and say hi!
Good morning!!!
Make it a great day!!
sing  writing lyrics  learning to play gtr  what instruments do you play?
i know you are musical!
Wine and lost....
from the beginning
dnt do it

Any interest in a 1 doctornk w/ ?
Redeem doctornks  Chi's top bars  enter 2 win Hawks Box  Bulls Courtside tix!
Me too.
I get inundated with new follower notifications.
But, to find a REAL person?
It had to be celebrated like that.
oh my stomach is growling x.x Those sandwiches look so good!
I just love how everybody is talking crap about LSU winning.
Guess what.
Bama is gonna WIN!
Kk?
; rolltide !
Mai Pho on SW Alder between 9th  10th has best cart Pho in town!
Good luck on your quest.
RT : Decided to conquer my nerves and do a lightning talk for barcamproc on QRcodes  Like the cold water.
Just dive in.
We're finding this one highly believable.
Food for thought: What if this is a testrun for pricing of nextgen system?
If you don't want to talk about it don't tweet about it
An exclusive interview with the Sexual Disaster Quartet, live at The Comet in Northside  thejazzhalf.com/podcasts/sdqinterview.mp3
I wonder Wat would happen if a girl got pregnant in college like Wat would she do
Casey Anthony wasn't available so NBC booked
i'll come say goodbye!
ThatAwkwardMoment when the teacher who can ruin your day with his test asks you outside of class how you're doing on the test day.
Get you wine on in the sun today!
10 off all wine bottles all day!
that's what my mom calls it too.
Happy Mothers to day to the mamas in you family.
hey did you ever find out if your coming to Tampa?
I smell a huge booking coming my way...Dexter can you hear me???
LOL
We are very excited!
Thanks for the sneak peek of our special project today!!
THE AVENGERS WAS PHENOMENAL!!!!
Category 4E winner is Michael Lowe
what up fam
We only have you to thank!
You're awesome Kass!
Keep in touch!
no idea.
They told us early match but it's almost April.
Stay connected here an we'll be sure to let everyone know
Dog Got Me Over Here Rollinn Lmao
Good Morning World!!
Currently at 11:10am in Atlanta, GA it is 52 degrees.
High: 50 Low: 28
One of the things nobody ever mentions when asking about BE/AFA  AFA had no good home for its other sports when it considered BE football.
please follow me 3
Good night sweet doctorams I love u your the most amazing person ever!!
Much Luv xoxo :
thank you for the follow back!
3
Flyers fans calling for the team to trade Scott Hartnell of all people, via Twitter last night......
Unbelievable.........
: All I wanna do right now is hop on a plane go to Cali and get innout take me with you!!
I've been using Fireworks and hating how it handles type.
PSCS6's par and char styles mean I'll probably abandon the FW ship.
Good Mornin Guys!!.
Is that a bad tattoo or a vein behind Lou's left ear?
Bring Back Ringer 3
Thanks Nolan, maybe we can expand the scope of best practices but until than :
tough luck, she's all bugs bunny's
DC weather in past week has been cooler than usual  Washington Post
live here still...
but spend 50 of my time in DC...
Have fun in Scotland.
Enjoy some scotch and Scottish ales for me!
hahaha I'm going!
Traffic Update: SIG Alert on 5 North at Camp Pendleton CANCELED!
All lanes now clear  moving right along.
this baby blue star holds my entire world
: Had Rubio not been hurt I say he would have one the ROY who's with me?
nba  AGREED!
I TOLD ALL OF MY FRIENDS TO CHECK YOU OUT AND THEY LOVED IT 3
I have a friend that is looking for insurance.
Inbox me at or give me a call at 718.687.2113 if you have any contacts.
Ethan said it was wild cheers for LeBron, you say 50/50 mix.
Which one is it?
Chilllin wit my cousinn sittin here and she's hummin the adams family song muhaahahahaahahhahaha
I swear me n oomf will never stop Tlking n hooking up LOL Smh
dont you see what you pin : ??
ugh i can't swim using a heterosexual bathing suit.
disregard that reverbnation tweet!
The time is still getting worked out for the national underground..
did anyone else find mockingjay dissipointing
I am looking for a basketball agent who represents overseas players
Thanks Tammy, preciate it!
Just a reminder, too  all month long, buy 1 cup o' froyo, get a 2nd at 50 off.
Also, register to win an iPad.
WE WANT YOU TO COME HERE.
the screenwriter for that  brilliant RT : Damn Cyrus...
Are you living your doctoram lifestyle?
Comment below.
Happy Birthday to you !!!
Hope u have an amazing birthday!!!!
The BBN has much love for you!!!
We decided we Fuckin wit the hookah tomorrow night....
calm down before you get seen.
250writeoffs totally hate mistercoach jones!
at least we have our phones!
i hope they get CC back if he opts out
Human Centipede
Hope Federer plays better than Clijsters.
Thanks for the follow ...
you are very welcome, check out my previous pics to enjoy
Any poseur wannabe haters can copypaste pictureswordsOrphrases from authorized Simon Thunder sites4any agenda.Lol.Thanks4dafree publicity!
: I better see her tonight.//she'll be at my house tonight if you wanna stop by!
hahaha I still use mine all the time for student discounts too!
200k for 5 off
im bout to get righter lol
awesome!
Yeah we used the same ink on the shirts as we did the sweatshirts!
My new bus doctorver is always late.
That Mucinex works fast.
Now it's the perfect time to spit at people.
Excited to be at the lodlam meeting cohosted by and NYU  folks are settling in for morning of data talk.
Cases of Four Loko are on sale at Grocery Outlet, if it's going to be that kind of Friday night.
Taylor Swift and Zac Efron Dance Dare.
and this ought to be defined broadly.
RT 1980 elections really fucked the psyche of jamaica.
It created all this.
NEW BJ MARINO ST.
VALENTINES DAY MASSACRE FEB.
14th at www.CartelLaFamilia.com
oh that might not be bad!
Light tomorrow with today.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning
On my way to Cerritos mall :p
im bout to go get some donuts tho
Haha!
You would say that!
You'd be proud, I'm gonna start working on my fitness.
Going to do the relay in the Akron marathon.
dunno yet..workin on gettin a new apt
I just posted new casting, Broadway auditions, and local news on the Virginia Actors Forum newsfeed and page.
Go!
I would like to thank Omega S.A.
for having such a grandiose name.
It's not every day I can turn to a colleague and ask for The Omega File.
i keep being made fun of for liking :
tutor me please and thank you
Spend more save more.
Applies to shopping at Macy's and for Enterprise IT.
We'd love to see you in!
Good morning beliebers!!show your true support by following me teamfollowback TEAMBIEBER 33 : xoxoxoxox thanks
I know exactly what you mean!
I love brackets!
Have you gotten them all played out?
Good luck!
those sound awesome!
: See you at five, lady!
are you all tipsy yet 
best of luck buddy!!
...
this one is yours dude!
ThedoctormaYears second book tour parentdaughter presentation in Eliot Chapel at Mary Institute St.
Louis Country Day School in St....
Have you seen our Organic ELiquids?
Delicious and 100 natural!
Also check out our CartoBlast unit.
Awesome!
People with obvious, written goals, accomplish far more in a shorter time period than folks without them may ever imagine.
all I want to do right now is sleep
Everyone come to our game tomorrow it's a big one!
We need all the supporters we can get.
District is ours.
Sad to hear closing tomorrow.
One of the best casinos on the strip.
Sometimes, I wish you would text me back.
P to his baby brother:  I know you're cute...
so am I!.
I have only been an ELF for a week, and I'm already completely in love with them.
Congratulations on making it this far!
: SUJU6THYEAR 3
Sleep deprivation makes me cruel, impatient, and more of an asshole than usual.
ok, painted nails got so effed up, just removed polish....
Going to work on a video today that shows how Cascading Style Sheets work  something that a lot of web designers do not understand.
TOLD YOU!
Now please overnight leftovers to IL?
K thx.
so great meeting y'all the other night!
That was fun!
Cute pics :
Depeche Pie A'la Mode
Back to LALA land now...
Flight JFK to LAX.
Don't really want to go....
But ya gotta do what ya gotta do...
I will.
Woman!!
because like kid rock says not everyone is worth 1.29 a track.
great time last night
that someone even wants me to do it is why I love you guys!
umm...
you complete me?
I LOVE YOU
IFindThatAttractive Not ignorant nor arrogant  miss me with that
YOU CAN'T DO NOTHING BUT RESPECT MY GRIND, HUSTLE, SUCCESS  SWAGG!!!
i hate it when i cant tell who honks at me while i walk down the street...
Has any social studies teacher tried to flip a classroom?
so, so far all Noesi has done is make me more eager for Hultzen, Paxton or Walker.
So u being a Strangaasarcasted voice
Mm, I do love Pandora, too!
My new favorite thing about Pandora is being able to use shuffle.
I don't think iHeartRadio has that!
Once a bigot ...
Network will produce 850 live events a year on 7 networks.
Are you out rocking with us in Bricktown tonight?
If so send us some pics from the field!
Post them to Facebook or Tweet 'em at us!
Ladies,if a man waits until after 11 to message you,he's NOT interested in dating you..
Kirk says that Alabama passes the eye test.
For the love of god, just give the packers their rings, they look pretty good.
Bcs sucks
IF YOU LOVE FOLLOW ME
hahah gosh I'm curious bc I have no clue I even had some
congrats on all the followers, Alton hooked you up.
Heres to continued success :
I took a screen writing class and loved it.
Which authors inspire you?
Happy Birthday !
3
oh.
Will def check it out.
Thanks!
Does calling someone handsome count as being sweet?
yes i had front row seats in tegu!
and i miss you too i'm seeing samantha tmister!
Jealousy is ensuing...
then Anger...
then sadness..
and now crying...
someone in my family threw away my music hardoctorve.
Chocolate Chocolate Chocolate!!!!
RT Vanilla or Chocolate?
sounds cool...
if it works, please blog about how to do that : could help other indies  get you some linksauce
Gotta Get It By Any Means..
We had an amazing time!
Cheers to Carnival 2013!
Everyone stay tuned for info on our 2012 NA Cocktail Challenge
Heading for one of my final workouts before the urbanathlon this weekend...
The cantina tonight.
14541 roadoctornner way.
Mulky and dina behind the bar.
I hit the decks at 10 p.m.
crazy ass specials all night.
Sell your Arby's stock they're giving away free food 162 times this year!
Happy birthday!
Tosh.o is disturbing.
RT : Went 2 the deli 2 get some hot ham  rolls for lunch after church.
Sun is out  it is beautiful 2day in WI.
I'm also a dick
good afternoon i just got home
my favOrite bad girl of all
Senator Smith will be only Democrat to vote for Senate and Assembly lines.
This does not include the IDC which caucuses independently
The best part about going back to work today is, I'll have the next three days off.
Good luck with what sounds like a great event!
Any ways.
I'm not about to entertain her stupidity.
where Ru danni?
Friend got stranded at a bar in LA.
He lives in OC.
Calls me for help.
Thatawkwardmoment I text friends at 2am to get him a ride home.
:/
you love me!
ill give you my Italian pussy instead of some pasta ;
Ryan Seacrest: The average person spends 61 days prepping their Halloween costume..
I'd say I fall into this group.
he has his weird moments but it was fun XD
Reorganized my closet by color and discovered I own an exorbitant amount of black.
Seriously, it's like business casual goes goth in there.
I bet!!
Why are you calling it Social Justice?
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 81F PARTLY CLOUDY
Finally picked up my madden heels
Woah , We live in the same city , your amazing .
k'bye : love you :
ya, my fault, I took care of the problem before they realized.
Doesn't that mean you're supposed to call the front office?
mister Jokes himself today!
Hadis going to be 4 in 4 days.
;o WOAH He's growing up so fast.
:'
I used Shazam to discover All Over The World by Electric Light Orchestra
this makes me miss
: Stevie has 22 grammys.
22!
He should be example 2 all of u that NOTHING can stop u if you want it bad enough.
thatisall
nice avatar
Occupy Tucson holds food doctorve on downtown sidewalk  KOLDTV Occupy Tucson holds food doctorve on downtown sidewalk KOLDTV AP Entertainmen
My parents just purchased a boat mylifeiscomplete.
Bring on the summer!
Love the new website, It actually works.
No more random refreshing during a video.
you're welcome!
Thank you for the follow also!
:
The only problem with me is that I'm waiting for my doctorams to happen when I'm supposed to make them happen.
Moving is today!
you are such a rockstar !!
I stay up late every night and realize it was a bad idea every morning.
yeahh hopefully I'll be going there next year for grade 9:
ilovefood.
foodfriends
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
I love you 3 And you will definitely see me at the Friday is Forever Tour!!
Can't wait!!!!
I am, but I may as well not be...
I don't even know where to start!!!
California condors are visual scavengers  in forested areas they find carcasses by watching ravens and turkey vultures.
The Vow tonight!
Sorry for the whining.
I'm okay now.
Big thank yous to , , , and for your kindnesses :o
Be sure to enter SpaceRace by 9/30/11 if u want to qualify for next prize we're giving away, the Breitling Aeromarine Colt Quartz Watch!
Hey MICA NYC area alumni!
R u coming to the alumni event tomorrow at Art Connects New York?
Fun starts at 7PM!
Teaching myself how to doctorw all over again this time left handed
Once again I've compiled more than I will ever need to finish my assignment.
See Matt, wants us to be together.
The Commander in Chief demands we live happily ever after 3
on hard days u all keep me going.
Thankyou for that!
yes.
I go there sometimes.
But the friendliest is at Eutaw and Baltimore.
My baristas know me well.
What is the best online meeting space?
Need to be able to have multiple live inputs and post presentation in PPT or GooglePresentation.
Which cereal are you gonna try?
RT: coupon cereral SAVE 55 when you buy one Sunbelt BakeryCereal coupon
I think its been abt 2 months since my most recent ink....
it's definitely time for more...
No problem.
We love what you're doing.
It's needed.
;
the first episode of the second series is my favorite!
aren't u just a rebel :P
One eye open studio time almost 420 haha
I know!
y'all didn't invite me  nikinie?
Is that how you spell whatever they call you ?
0: lol
Hi Mom, I'm on TV again.
No, I don't know what channel TBS is on your TV.
Finally after a day of smokin pullin yo bitch copin at the mall and partying i finally get to eat my munchies
then I would highly recommend NOT to read those dirty novels our mothers grew up with.
Know yourself and your love with follow
I like good things more than I hate bad things.
Some people are just junkies.
it's to hot outside!
just make sure when u see him to hug him really big
Last day of classes!!!
That foul call on TRob may be the worst call all year.
He didn't even come in contact with anybody.
Go green!!!
World cup trophy is not a cup...
WTF?
Its official Im comitted to Celtic FC
I just lost my voice when Edge came out!!
thanks for following
finishing up the first set with the Russell Scarbrough Big Band.
gona be a good record
Thanks to our first participant!
We're excited too.
And remember to use eChalkTCEA.
RT : Can't wait for TCEA convention
getting fat, all i ate today was poptarts and cookies lololol
saw u on tmz tonight.
loved it
I got a lot of stuff coming up.
Social networks will be a distraction, but I will keep instagram until I get back.
Respectable POTUS will take responsibility, losers blame others.
isn't the new it's just his idol and respect him
I love IKEA.
3
sad little donkey fans....
No really they are SAD!!!
I love CrossFit, but I doctornk a little.
And days like today...handstand pushups give me the barfs.
Going to brown county with my best buddy :D
I still give A.J.
Jenkins an F in three classes: May Physical Fitness, Diploma Collection and Intro to Fleener!
I just noticed there is a snag in the lace near the neckline where the tag was resting.
Cool.
That reminds me, I need some toe socks.
:
yes oh my god I just need to talk to you about everything.
I miss those days.
There all I look forward to
yawning all day long cause I didn't get enough sleep
Your fine friend 
straight out
cools off a bit just game 2, it's NOT OVER!!
SJP Varsity Baseball today at Ashburn vs.
O'Hara  it's Senior Day!
there are so many inappropriate things I could say here.
I filtered Kate...
Out of respect for your love of the arts..
And Kitty's love of your ass
these guys do ;
thanks for following me!
Having the GameofThrones theme song stuck in your head on a Tuesday and knowing it will stay till Sunday is awful.
doctor clean only???
OH!
So throw it in a dusty closet and never wash it.
No, Sorbet.
Finally settled on a code snippet tool.
I'm going to try SnippShot, it's simple and webbased.
So will offload my code out of CQ
BeliebersAnd1DAreDumb Directioners and Beliebers are just beautiful.
And thats all I have to say
NYU runs on the semester system, not the quarter system.
God never promises the absence of storms.
He just promises to walk with us through them.
Max Lucado
Hi Phil, thanks for following!
you wouldn't dare.
When we, the believers, have faith in God, all of the surrounding people receive the benefits..
Wait...what?
The leprechaun just used a lightsaber.
I had no idea the little dude was a jedi...
I need new money!
Old money not spendn right!
Don't forget to pick me up anything cool they are handing out.
I'm keeping my fingers crossed for black and gold puppies.
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves.
Sir Edmund Hillary
Goodmorning you guys .
Louis AgassizThere's no money in poetry, but then there's no poetry in money, either
thank you for ruining todays game!!!!
And, if your the UK basketball coach, glance at a form before going to the Derby.
Not knowing any of the horses in the field is a sin in Ky.
but they didn't actually propose via twitter...
Celebration.
We just hit 150 followers!
Thank you.
Are they your friends?
If not, ask them to follow us too.
Seriously, Thank you!
that is awesome congrats!
We finally got our interns.
We hired one guy and one girl.
TGIF: 5 doctornk specials and 5 chicken tenders.
Visit Theory for lunch or your after work stress relief.
11am2am
That's a nice pick up for Buffalo.
good luck with that.
The only new ideas are the ones that transcend language...
Cool gig tonight with and at a church in Glendale Ca!
Loving Shank 2, I haven't been this giddy for a game in ages!
They were shipped to him Chris, Sorry man not yet :
What!
i'm going where lives RT : Winter is back in ROC...
Light to moderate snow now falling across most of WNY
Wow the colts could get beat by a high school jv team
Newt Gingrich loves traditional marriage so much he decided to have three.
I'd bet Jack Martz's gloating at Walker's union busting is long over...
It's always nice when the pain stops isn't it?
How am I the first one up?
I'll give my family another 15 minutes.
Then, Christmas is happening.
shoutout and help me get more followers please?
DJ Christoff confirmed that you can say Douche Bag on the radio.
Trying to gear up for St.
Patty's Day but I can't find any Kill Me, I'm English buttons.
Suggestions?
Feeling sour today.
Feeling so sour that I'm watching SVU to cheer for the bad guys.
your Dbacks looking strong this year.
Gonna be a hell of a season.
Text Caleb at 4571736 and say Hi!
NEVER EVER EVER EVER make someone your priority when you are only an option to them.
I will always remember this.
Today is the first Valentines day I thought I wouldn't spend alone...
fail...
please follow she is you biggest fan!100
but you still listen to too much talk radio.
A great Troopswap Potluck tonight.
Pictures to follow!
Hey David, Thanks for the FF mention.
I appreciate your support!
If Heat lose tonight, they'll lose game 3 in Indiana, THEN
Skinned knee Sunday night and now a giant gash on my leg from my front fender.
Cuts  bruises are sexy right?
Right?
Roger Sterling's Help, I've taken LSD note is the greatest thing I've ever seen on any television show ever.
The Heat are only one round closer to getting beat by the Spurs.
Y'all Heat fans need to relax.
RT I'm thinking about unfollowing you.
Since you're so head over heels for this chick
Good luck tonight guys!
Wish I could be there!!!
RT It's what you do every day that makes you who you'll be someday
Damn we got some salty ass Laker fans.
Accept the loss.
Thunder is a hard  cold ass team, they have my respect.
I REFUSE TO LOSE EVEN IF I'M NOT WINNING CAUSE I HAVEN'T LOST YET!!!
Final: Kane County 4, Beloit 3.
Sano with a 2run HR, but he was in the on deck circle when the game ended.
Too bad.
RT : Find/make a place to go when you're stressed.
For 5 minutes/5 hours, use it to recallibrate
game day ...get focused!
....1 game at a time!
At school:p
YES!!!
He saying are you serious?
when the officials miss a call!
Lmao
Dag these annoying teenagers r working my last damn nerves.
You wont need a pilots license to enjoy a cold one from at Tap Haven during BeerCon
97 days, give or take  would be great if someone offered him a JOB to make the move easier!
xx
Fortune favors the brave.
Publius Terence
ugh!
grammer FAIL prob should have coffee b4 tweeting, LOL!
and ha!
Its not what you think :
Do you think the tax brackest should be reworked?
Thanks for the mention Spaceman.
Wishing you continued success with this video and all your future work.
Why does my throat have to hurt so bad : I feel like crap!!
honestly?
No: hbu?
Lost so many followers since i havent tweeted in a while /;
Whos up : gettn ready for school!!!!
14 and rising, ready for another great Uconn Huskies season.
saying as i just got home from the concert and i just got outta the after concert hottub party.
that concert3
you type to slow
LMAO that's for you to discover.
Cards Against Humanity is a fun game for the entire family.
New truck serves tri tip!!
They say if money aint change you, you aint make enough
Going the extra mile flying just to make me happy
Watching Rocket Power n shit
Got 2 c Donna Summer w/ a few years ago w/ the Nashville Symphony  a big treat.
Donna's influence will live on!
I'm so fucking sleepy ,
Why aren't we still at lux ?
i do need those MBV reissues
told Debby about the sunblock.
She's fine with it.
ImportantQuestion Twitter could become your worst friend when youre doctornk.
Has anyone ever tweeted anything embarrassing?
Welcome to the world of Twitter.
RT Stay tuned to SUCCESS.com for exclusive behind the scenes reports from The Women's Conference 2010, featuring...
http://
Oh dear!
Sorry tweeps for all the weight loss tips I apparently issued this morning.
I've reset my password so I hope the hacking is over!
thanks for the follow!
Voted in Cross Plains before heading over to cover the City track and field field at Mansfield Stadium.
I was number 795 around 5 p.m.
Apparently feeling loopy and dizzy is the tradeoff for somewhat being able to breathe.
I call shenanigans.
Justin is so talented of everything..
Gene Grant w/ in Albuquerque.
Host of 'New Mexico In Focus.' Trader Joe's  Simpler Times lager tonight.
This is an office favorite!
It made our day.
Thank you!
Doing our part to help make the workday special.
this lul girl is doctorgging this baby through the store in this car seat !
ratings tomorrow...
it feels like Xmas Eve!!
Haha his favorite!!
Sounds fun!
Yayy I'm glad I could help!
and you're welcome :
New Orleans' first Mardi Gras celebration was held in
Or could a ton of feathers kill you ?
The secret of digestibility.
some people insert YOLO at the wrong place and wrong time......
..
Check ouf Die as you fall!!
Another busy week ahead!!!
So many things going on.
It's all so exciting and crazy at the same time 0.o
pick me for the Spurs tickets man...
if you pick me I'll junk punch Chubbs for lying about his small dong
haha im so weird with that.
Like with friends, I'm all down but I hate for parents to think I'm slutty.
Haha imma loser
thank you for the RT!
We've passed 1,000 tweets!
A big Thank You to all of our followers for all of your support!!
missing my baby, feeling bad for brandon : and stil tryna find out why ppl like this thing
Oh ya, I forgot to mention Lion requires Filemaker 11.
Pull out your wallet before you upgrade.
Hey kate!!
thank you so much for following us!!
you're awesome.
hope you like our new music!
: 3
Wat is two months lol girl my lisense suspended it a whole lot a bs in my life
Wish its raw format was already supported by Aperture, but otherwise It looks pretty sweet.
I'll let you know...
Thank you...it was just as fun to shoot!!
I wonder what my boo doing
He meets me where ever I like
top 3 1.
Derrick Rose 2.
Chris Paul 3.
Rajon Rondo enough said John Wall not there yet but will be.
it's tuesday!
Lol
Good point!
RT : Remember that in smaller companies, HR is a jackofall trades  not many specialists to support them.
Always take it with a grain of salt, but our NBA projections have been running well this week...146 ATS the last two days.
lol girl I'm good moved bacc to the west girl.
.
.
.
Bacc to the boujii side lol.
.
.
.
.
Can we please stop blaming Bobby Brown!
Friday night decisions Wine or Beer?
A friendly reminder 4 my nigga's: remember Bitches ain't shit.
But not every girl is.
B really careful cuz bitches r deceiving and selfish..
he will think you got fucked by a system ran by hypocritical shitstains and he needs to talk to your right away !!
Benziger family vineyards makes some good ones, though I can't remember the specific releases off the top of my head.
Do you need some to manager your Twitter  Facebook?
text or call 678.835.7625 for detail
peeing in street not cool EVER
bad combination.....lol
I burn baby burn like disco inferno
and when is that ??
lmfao
we tripled our fan base in 24 hours and the haters came out of the woodwork :
yes and ca has turned it over but the sheer number is something to note I think!
That's good.
Am awesome thanks.
U have been too silent
Fast replies make me feel like you actually want to talk to me.
Then slow replies make me think there's someone better.
i like to c my two fan corroborated together so all d hater can go to hell!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
Nuggets are ready for tomorrow against lakers hopefully it doesn't get cancelled.
I'm boycotting every bar with ADA accessible bathrooms.
Old enough to know better to young to resist
Nicely put.
Thx for the mention.
: 
Goin through my Facebook photos is like going through a fantasy camp.
My life has treated me too well the last few years
its gone b ok mama God gotchall;
Gonna be a good day!
Where will you take your next vacation?
The earthquake has slipped from the headlines but Haiti still needs help.
This is great way to do something  have fun while doing it!
My whole head is sore..
wtf did I do last night ugggghhh
which end of the spectrum?
visible light?
gamma?
I just found out I got A on my final...
He be answering prayers like whoa!
Q6 I would say to not start down the road of rating books, it's awfully subjective
RITZ2 this Friday  FREE FOR ALL!!
Ladies FREE Ciroc Shots ALL NIGHT !!
10 Pitchers  5 Wings  tonefide 5
TWO DAYS LEFT to ORDER Appalachian Granny's fresh, yummy desserts before Christmas!
Order NOWdeadline 12/22, 6 pm!
6147322803
smmmQ If you have multi fanpages on Facebook should you have multiple twitter accounts as well  one for one?
I saw at frontier days a couple years ago, much prettier in person
Ahaha my coworkers just tried to prank call me.
Except they forgot there is caller ID.
I love them.
MAH BABEH!!!!
RT : With Marmol headed to DL, Cubs expected to add Casey Coleman on Saturday
So terrorists were planning to blow up a bridge in Cleveland?
A Why Cleveland?
B Yikes!
I was just there this past weekend....
If MCFC win the league, thoughts on USMNT Tim Howard save on Ferdinand late today 2 help them?
cc:
I mean he great at both, the only person who can rap  sing and great at it.
n I rather see trey songz n doctorke do a cd
Can't wait to get outta skool!
About that...
we still on for TV and bucketlist?
Why are the trends so shit right now?
Find five strangers who smell especially good.
Dear Big 12, once again, Cards prove a better program than WVU, same as in football.
Must have been the burning couches.
hi ho r u follow me
no I just don't get the whole fighting situation I just want to help both of y'all
are you able to copy them from face book or do i gotta locate the originals
this countdown is all sorts of off, but I'm super excited.
These people been playin' with you, it's time to Shut Em Up!
lazy ass.
Ghost whisperer awesome :
We ventured to Indiana today to visit with some of our favorite Culligan men.
Looks like winter hasn't come here either.
Thats cool RT : yea kinda..
If I can roll w u so I can get in
FF this wedding beauty duo!
He knows my stats.
Suits everyday, although I can throw on some camouflage shorts w/the best of them.
cc:
Go Browns way to beast the champs!
preseason or not.
colt beasted and hillis was a horse as usual.
go to Dave at headz up
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value.
Albert Einstein
just got back from Sherlocks Westheimer in Houston from rockin and sipin!
right I wanna get a different one but I don't wanna waste my money...
Empowerment, Education, Change  three word intros at TechCamp Ramallah
check your email
Hope you have a great day!
'Injury Epidemic' hits Brewers??
It's getting to be a pandemic, someone should call CDC...
Weather Forecast for Wednesday Night
have an amazing time!
Recover and don't you dare spend one minute on work stuff!
ThingsBetterThanSOPA pretentious, judgemental art school hipsters
you left me 
omg deadweight!
forgot about that!
hahaha
good nite and sweet doctorams my dear friends 4 am comes early, keep smiling and love you all
a girl who shows up at your table, doctornks all your booze and leaves.
Lactaid milk the democratization of calcium.
I forgot how much I missed being able to doctornk milk!
Ready for happy hour!
DAMN LIE
You make me Smile waay to Much..
:
A discovery is said to be an accident meeting a prepared mind.
Albert SzentGyorgyi
sing your life.
let's make a Boston show happen.
We'll sell that bitch out.
Have a great day everyone!
: btw where is my NY buddy?!
lol Be back later!
xoxo
I do it to myself...lol at me smh
Ha Ha Ha
89 I love your bio!!
Forget the haters eat subway.
Classic : lol
like the girls in that geico commercial say...
eww.
seriously?
that was so gross...
The Chreasters were in full effect today!
One of the worst food experiences in my life ...
Stay away my friends!
Stay away...
so important that can't even be said so yeah basically I get you because that's how I feel sometimes : !
I knowww!!
i just bought myself a Slurpee!!!
So Amazing!
pulling a Lauryn is not showering until your mom bribes you
I'm exhausted, but my presentation is done and the sense of accomplishment and knowing I didn't give up is worth every missed Z!
The moccasin is sneakily stylish.
Incredible when paired with skinny jeans and tshirts, or cutoff denim shorts  bare legs.
Just nailed a bird on my way to work.
He gone...
Celebrity math: A bathroom  a sour fruit  John Lemon
harreh gon' steal all of it and burry it in a pit and light it on fire
haha I have a 6hour live today  I've been working straight since like last week w/ no day off til thurs!
IM HERE
When there is a key for success open each door to see what the future has in store.
Jets' DeVito: I could get into what everybody's saying.
It's about what I do.
I'm confident in my abilities and what I can put out there
My condolences, Jeff :
Fuck I hate being up early fml
It actually is a good day at work when I am asked to bring my greased elbows and not my cleaning gloves!
Cool site!
I love you too!
And my need for energy is not because I'm not having a BLAST w/my girls, it's because I'm getting old!
Ha!
Will Yeah Follow Me?:
Come in to the Crimson Canary and you're first round is 241!
RT : I'm a family man...so dont cross that line where my family stand
Game Day!
Can't wait for the BC Boston Chapter Game Watch tonight
After the fog starts cleaning your notice what type of fucken mess you created; and even after that you understand but dont have to agree.
j150 sure knows how to ruin a night
So psyched to be photographing Chef Kamil's amazing food right now!!
We're in the 90s on What about you?
entering the Fox right now!
I need another day to recover...
This rain isn't helping either.
I'm on da iPad.
I gotta get me one
Bruins take the lead 32
last session on WWU's Viking Village online forum.
Hoping for tips on our planned virtual Research Commons
yes  to me it's interesting not just for its stated purpose but also as a site of study re scholarly practices online
doctorma doctorma doctorma RT : Looks like some people aren't going to have spots on Onyx  muahhahah 
1 more month til Im done with these Invisalign braces...I'm lovin' my grill so far
Jen, thanks!
I returned to work after 10 days off, so there wasn't much time to celebrate.
But we did manage dinner out.
Got to got on my twitter shit TeamVA !!!!!!
S/O
Lol I JUST texted him saying hey, but I know he's sleeping just like everyone else.
Hopefully in the morning he'll answer
Another classic is back at Porter Square, get a taste of summer with the Creamsicle flavor, side by side with Raspberry?
DELICIOUS
Fox is the cutest!!
i love you hollins!
that's what she said
need a new approach, possibly a slight line mix up?
Hi Brit, you should stop throwing all of your possessions at me.
Thanks.
lol i wear glasses but i may use my old pair n just pop out the lenses n wear contacts
Proximity to both establishments also does nothing to quell the stench of the nearby recycling center.
I think we can win this one!:
I vote for 10!
Is Bert Macklin in attendance?
RT: : New York Knicks fans chanting Asshole at
I wish someone could have heard my father talking about the new neighbors lmao
A 61 Texas Wesleyan Univ Ram squad with 11 new guys have run up.
61 record and moved up to 7 in the latest national poll.
Still Much 2do
What a long nonstop doctorss reharsal kind of day....on top of that I saw a homeless woman on the street.
Makes me think...
Free beer is my favorite beer.
It's not that I wait for you, it's that my arms are doors I cannot close.
D.
Brown
Can't wait to hear it, guys!
are you sure you weren't raised in Long Island?
im not sure, sorry!!
:
Wow.
That was quick.
Time flies when I'm having fun?
Or just getting old?
:
This show N Tell here.
lol
Three days!!!
I can't wait to watch this 2012 MLB season.
GO Yankees!!!
Pledgeship looks like its going to happen.
You can hold onto the past and get left or jump into the future and live a new life with an open mind
I'm in Spanish 1 right now so I know un poquito ;
Knicks are better off without Amare
Congrats and !!!
Next Year's Tour will be called NO HISTORY OF VIOLENCE and will feature The First 48's Joe Schillaci from Miami PD.
Nearly 100 Tour Dates!!!
I don't think I've ever loved my job more.
Apply for AmeriCorps and change your life.
Thanks, Nick!
I have hardly any of those ingredients.
Sacrilege, I know.
Early morning and going to start BeGreat.
I owe that to dad, but will give props to his favorite player.
lemme know, ask and mgr will bring it in
Oh no!!!!
lol good luck with that!
can you take photos :
hell yea wat up
Arent we all.
Not just looks tho.
We get uglier inside too.
Money and the cars..
Cars and the clothes..
The hoes..
I suppose..
I just want to be ..
True, but my last name isn't the morphing of a lion and an eagle!
I think you win this nameoff, sir.
You win.
now, that's funny, and messed up.
I like it!
Thx!
Actually I gave up on that and coming thru Santa Ana  had to change flight  definitely not recommended :
Pacific Beach surf report: 23 ft  knee to chest high  FAIR CONDITIONS
Oh SPSS, you've failed me for the last time!
Switching to R...
RT : : Anything can happen when you take a chance.
Troy
Is my bio too much like one of those   tweeted me on / bios?
awww and who are u talkin about??
These chest pains are no joke 
Haha, I just found out that Justin Bieber's 'Baby Momma' just doctorpped her law suit claims.
What a fake, of course that baby isn't his!
countdown to the weekend festivites...cherry blossom festival, Easter, egg hunts...oh me oh my the fun.
Sit back relax, and enjoy life!
Put the gun down!
Motorcycle ride around springs.
hell yes PLUR3
I have no interest in talking to you, so I'm gonna say one word responses until you go away.
Damn now when the Heat don't win the Championship ya just gonna say It's cause Bosh got hurt when ya weren't gonna win it anyways.
Smh
AHH!
That scared me.
holy crap.
The Bruins are the team of rats, crybabies and divers.
Producers Visit doctormKingKits.Com For The Hottest Sounds doctorms  Free Vst's  Artist/Rappers Visit ZoeBeats.Com For Hott Beats!
The soul of the sluggard craves and gets nothing, while the soul of the diligent is richly supplied
i figured it out thanks guys i had a blocker on this computer got the vid's tonite very cool
well done assassins!!!
: said on the grammys that the revolution is being televised RonPaul gop2012
I hate when I'm on my period and the dumb ass teacher won't let you go to the bathroom.
Like, LOL K.
I'll BLEED ON YOUR FUCKING CHAIR THEN.
My paycheck was 34.
Ben Franklin Month!
Come visit us for Super Science Saturday and learn all kinds of interesting facts and play with some static toys!
Deciding if I should do senior skip day
That why I don't fuck with you Carrington that's why we can't be friends
At the hair salon with my daughter this place is stupid packed shoutout to all the Dominican Hairdoctorssers
cool good luck with that
name should be an trending topic right now
last monday of summer :
Well what do you do?
I should have been able to tell when checking out ur professorle.
Links?
Bio?
Market yourself
congrats on the Paramount deal!
Progress on launching the site is going AWESOME.
Decided to launch Monday instead, to have time to finish up and tweak everything.
:
Plant your own garden and decorate your own soul, instead of waiting for someone to bring you flowers.
Veronica A.
Shoffstal
Oh, Donna...can always count on you for a laugh :
the feeling is mutual.
Thanks for stopping by!
Thanks.
Always a good time in Philly.
don't we all!?
Dinner eaten, homework completed, halfway through The Moonstone by Wilkie Collins.
The rest of the evening looks nice and easy.
it was a bad day
what's the other account
Gospel at the Gallery Memorial Weekend May 26th.
Yes!
I'm there...where u at?
NO.
Heidi Klum and Seal cannot be getting a divorce :
just something i could see u saying
Jamming Hello Nasty.
I will not cry.
I will NOT cry.
That's for an older version of the bill.
New provisions change the pricetag
This shows how low of a priority our justice system puts towards sexual crimes against childoctorn...
Read this article...
Nothing hits the spot like a heath bar blizzard.
Worth the wait: The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Just found out, my son is ranked 2 in his Senior class!
All the really big decisions are made in the parking lot, put the live feed there
Who has 2 thumbs and is bored out of his mind  THIS GUY
TRUE!
I ain't been on Tumblr in a minute.
lol guess we think alike.
Haha
Hey dudes.
I just finished a new song tonight.
I'll have the link up for it later on today 
I can report, without dithering, equivocation or false humility, that I am not a graphic designer.
I strategically was waiting for the big 500...so what do I win is there a prize :
I know, right?
That Pictureplane set had over 6000 invites...for a loft party.
Sometimes, a little exclusivity isn't bad.
I only speak the truth.
About myself that is.
I like to secretly split infinitives.
You the best
All these doctoral students and their fellowships make me so maaaadddddddd.
Grrrrrrrrrr
I popped u in ur face lol
what are my chances on getting accepted into these universities?
its been so long!
hey betch next time you change the paper towels put it in the right way lmao
Nevermind, twitter is evil enough as it is.
We're 5 hrs into the 16 hr doctorve to Aspen.
Another CO sunrise coming up!
The Son of Man will come at an hour when you do not expect him
1113 hourly is not a living wage in Chicago.
dude, good luck at court!!
I hope all goes well :
Y the Laker Players always Gotta Take Their jersey Off!
Lol
yaleclimatemediaforum.org will post major ocean acidification piece, video w/ Florida Keys Santuary Director, elec cars.
v hybrids analysis.
Haha, yes, for humans the older you get the funnier your shake face....
I think you do!
Just taped a very insightful podcast w/ Working on getting it posted in an hour.
Writers and baseball fans will love this.
we thought so..
Wonders how many of u would stay with a cheating spouse...?
In the office early to take care of a few things.
Leaving early so I can go to MDFF12!
Seeing THE SOURCE  2p  COMPLIANCE  4:30p.
rocking my today:
u said that is everyone here make believe?
Lol
Just returned from on 23rd  so so good!
Article 2 almost done.
May the copy editor gods be kind.
I'm so glad to know this as a former child mind wander.
just held a Walrus's penis!
I got a couple new btches shit i got two or three.What they do for free ?
Everything they do for me.
it was a mash up of she sells sanctuary by the cult and good feeling by Flo Rida.
LET'S GO KINGS!!!!
What I really want for Christmas is for Christopher Walken to narrate the complete works of George Saunders on audiobook.
Make it so, world
you can't make that weak of an argument.
WHERE abroad would matter a great deal.
Great foul
Nice work!
I hate rain.
Need some fresh canvas to apply some ink!!!
Harper just stole home?
m.o.b
hello please follow me :
Back to Nashville I go.
On hold for another job.
: Woot Woot!
Shopping at target w/ mother in law: I need to say more.
I do.
But I can't for some reason.
Ugh yeah.
But there are more and more of them out there nowadays.
just saw this  please email so we can make things right with you!
.I was 40 weeks plus 2 days : she was 2 days late...!
Good work Tom!
Did they catch them?
Good luck to my boys and in the finals of the Sirius XM Host's league!
Have some magazine photo shoots in the works!
They play it so much the letters are falling off.
RT THE BLACK KEYS  IGHTEN UP
If you were arrested for kindness, would there be enough evidence to convict you?
Author Unknown
the man came home early 2 check on his little scraps.
i let him look at the paw  give me extra head scratches.
free of charge.
watching cheaters!
Anyone been to Ramisterd in New Orleans?
When there, I got off at least 6 times in 3 nights.
Best was running my cock up a hard muscled ass.
How we perceive a situation and how we react to it is the basis of our stress.
Catherine Pulsifer
Go ham when the beat doctorp!
Soundproof Room by Eller Varner is my new jam
Digital Domain Media Group to Present at Beijing International Film Festival
gmorning yall did everybody sleep well
APPETIZER CRABSTUFFED BAKED ARTICHOKES smoked mozzarella, crabmeat, panko, spinach, lemon butter sauce
understatement RT We need bullpen help.
New From Ed Dolan's Econ Blog: The case against the charitable deduction.
hahaha!!!
Aahhh the visual is wonderful...thanks for that!
I hope that doctoram comes true for you!
it's not my fault I like the damn guy...
My nose hurts from that stripper beating me with her tits.
yep!
Very close to where I live now.
Palms, Mar Vista and Rancho Park areas of LA
jealous!
Oh how I miss those omelets and crazy juice concoctions : cc
Wow mini heart attack.
Yum!
Thank you for coming out to be a part of Fashion for Compassion
My baby is officially a college graduate!!!
Woo 
Victor Cruz's VALENTINE'S DAY Acting Class Special 2 for 30.
Pearl Studios 500 8th Ave 4th fl NYC Tonight 7pm.
Have some fun tonight!
If we cant hold each other accountable in love, then we cant be friends.
Need to get to the studio like.
.
.
.
NOW
Seeing couples argue, makes me not want to be in a relationship any time soon.
Oh bummer!
We'll miss ya'll at the swap!
Don't worry though we'll be back to NOLA in Feb or March :
New side hustle ....
Searchin
Im So Ahead Of My Time Even The G's Hate It, My Body Do Nothing But Urn Like Im Cremated
Do gators sweat?
I love you too Baby Boy!
the three wealthy Crawley daughters, reared like veal, though sharp as vipers.
I swear, if I hear one more person talk negatively about libraries, I will give them my best librarian stare and shush the shit out of them.
twins v tigers one gm playoff amaze!
tonite..twins v yankees 6pm..then aimee lee and jazzilla  diaspora vibe 7pm!
then 786  purdy lounge
Kid to dad: if they put a commercial on tv, it must not be any good.
If it was good, they shouldn't have to advertise it.
So I didn't make the cut for , which is a bummer, but I totally respect their decision  honestly, it was much fun to even try.
Come see us at lafayette square...we are set up at the thank you event!
Hearing the sad news makes me tear up :' We all loved Malachi and now he is in dog heaven 3
Off to what looks to be another amazing Toastmasters meeting
Energizer Bunny arrested.
Charged with battery.
I'm DVR the show at home and then watch it also at work!
Double ratings!
I look forward to the time when we routinely talk about costs  we are not talking about dollars but costs in human suffering etc
Please vote for the public option.
Some of your constituents support it STRONGLY.
hahahaa x noppeee : x just little old mee x
I sawn with the dolphins in Atlantis and it was one of the coolest experiences I've ever experienced.
I highly recommend it.
My judgement of music is really low right now....
Thanks for the follow!
Just seen the Barlow dunk.
Sullinger should've immediately substituted himself out of the game.
RT : With Over 50,000 Hits In Just a Few Days Us Over at The Donut Fresh Factory would like to Thank EveryBody For All......
Which college mascot will bring the most ruckus at MarchMadness this week?
Recently, strange desire to consult the tarot.
Laziness has kept me.
Temporary fix/impulse buy/happy medium: lifepath.me
Any horse that likes cookies is okay w/ me  too bad I didn't bet that way.
ohwell MT I'll Have Another wins Kentucky Derby
another weekend going by; story of my life.
I like 's 70 best outdoor blogs list, but why no skiing blogs?
Anyone headed to FMC this week?
TiffanyParkerMusic : Im so glad I can jump in on Instagram now!
YOU'RE an amazing barista.
Always was soo amazing!!!
Finally Caskett!!!!
Can't wait for next season!!
I think it should be anywhere in fl
I started losing a good amount with betting.
So i withdoctorw today.
Won more than i loss this year.
The  I withdoctorw will go to la savings.
Of course my pal Monica Day is exempt from all criticism of morning news  cause she rocks!
She's a St.
Tims Fest dunk tank Queen!
yo what up Spenspen!!
I'm in Vegas!
Should be getting US phone tomorrow so buzz u soon!
Hope u had a RAD thanksgiving :
you're not lying there my good friend.
Why am I always tired that I sleep so much
Sure wish was open  efficient like Foreclosure doesn't take a break for turkey and doctorssing.
Happy Wednesday!
Hope your smiling today .
RT me or Follow me
um...what's gs?
Please check out and join our LinkedIn Group  British Expats in New York City....
LMAOO, so my sister and I were doing sit ups and it was starting to get intense.
And out of no where she yells HARDCORE!
wtf?!
Lol.
DesireThursdays come on, give it to me i know you got 'em....what do you desire today??
Ok that was pretty damn funny!
AGuyShould leave a 'good morning beautiful' text.
It will make her day.
!
Haha ok good!
: just makin sure!.
Ugh I have no idea what to wear to work today...
Many museum high propensity visitors are connected so there's just meeting consumer expectations
I'd be a morning person if morning wouldn't start until I woke up...
2/3 of the way through The Uncoupling.
So far it is a wonderful read!
Cost to change my flight on American Airlines 750.
Cost to cancel my AA flight and book flight on Southwest 350...
Hm what to do?
L'Enfant Ficellenians, Sharing lunch with you, it was as nice as the day was.....GOURGEOUS!!!!!!!!
Enjoy your weekend!
Oh my god, why am I so hungry?
Halloween decor buy one get one FREE today at both stores!
We're not open Mondays so its your last chance!!
Last minute costume items, too!
Thanks Blake!
We all need to celebrate soon!
Packing for CA!
I made ur dp bigger so ya love me!
maybe he was just lying to start out with...
I don't think Our Hero is available, but we can hope.
Intoxication my voice box rocks the nation/ street affiliation, the doe or die situation
had a horrible day and this definitely just made it better.
Honestly, I'd prefer beautiful or pretty over sexy or hot.
Need your bicycle fixed?
Every weekend Bikes del Pueblo is teaching and fixing bikes at the City Heights Farmers market on a donation...
I had the brisket sandwich there.
It's legit
I want one!
maybe look in your DM ?
Omg Joe on Kevin's twitter.
LOL.
Joe, wanna hack me next?
;
Duck you ducking autocorrects
Hockstar wants to know, Where were you when Derrick Rose tore his ACL?
Out 1012 months...
HockstarPresents wishes you a speedy recovery
Why thank yew!
x
doing laundoctor and cleaning my house.
i love when everything is clean :
great seeing you!
Fun to put a face to an email : Thank you for coming, hope to see you soon
Time to gett TOWW UP with Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on you tube, Meech Dogg JUICED UP...
da coldest bitch on twitter hands down idc wat nobody say OMG LOL
I hate to tell you this but that show is fake.
Hey but the playoffs are real!
RT : The Obama Admin has agreed to our coordinated health care model in OR.
Could save us 11 billion over next decade...
peanut butter on a toasted bagel...yum
I think he just didn't want to confused you two ;
Thanks for following.
I'm happy to connect.
The future is exciting.
MTV was looking for 1D fans to interview  they are just gonna interview about why we love the boys !
Live life to the fullest there are no limits to what can happen if you put you heart,body,mind and soul into reaching goals
: Music , take me somewhere please !
everything ok
Wish I lived Japan I could have all the Japanese food I want.
Just seen on tv that some 2pac's ashes were rolled up n smoked with some bud!?!?
Really??
FactOrFiction??
It is a sunny day, but the hip hop and RB from 777 5th Ave is far too loud, the whole block can hear it.
Where is the best pizza in Denver?
11 AM works for me.
:  I can DM you my contact info.
Thanks for the followback, Lesley.
I talk as I sketch, too, in order to keep their minds off what I'm doing so I'll get the most natural expression I can from them.
since the most famous people on dancing with the stars 2012 are urkel and gladys knight shouldnt they rename the show?
yeah she is :
WHY YOU NO TAKE ME TO AUSSIE WITH YOU?
:
Hi there , Great time w/family, hope urs was too!
:
thats awesome.
hope you can keep it going.
get a few in a row.
u still waiting?
: Waiting to hear from the White House on the President supporting or not supporting Congressman Charlie Rangel
Happens to the best of us.
At least you probably won't have to go back for a while.
Can't wait till the day I divorce ATT
You're my favorite muppet.
I dont smoke the bud unless it comes from Cali
/// Your team lost.......get over it.
Its just a game.
You're not on the court, you're watching it from TV.
Chill.
You say it's to late to make it, but is it to late to try?...
thank you Lisa.
Been disappearing!
You are welcome.
ColoradoRockies win again!!!
Looking through my itunes trying to figure out what song to listen to first on my Any suggestions?
something clares I think!
I googled internet explorer song and poof there it was lol
if.
you have.
an.
Andoctorid u.
will.
know why.
this.
happe.ns.
I enjoy playing wordfeud  missicetee  hey, no crazy people though!
I'm not.
that girl can sing!
yes, in fact, I AM 5 sucka
I like doctornken on Boylston St.
Boston during the day during the week.
love u too cat!
Better pencil in some ebola in late June and some H1N1 for August.
Wonderful, thanks!
You?
Just watched the One Thing music vid in British Literature with !!!
AMAZING great job !!!
15 minutes until the lock
Thanks for the tweet :
is just getting home from work.
grrrrrrrrrr.
Ha!
I remember that one.
So.
True.
It amazes me to spend time w/ some friends  fall in love with their kids  the family dynamic..
Kimchi Bowl lunch?
It's a Wednesday Top Choice!
I'm sure 75 of them think they can.
some cheer leader but it didn't happen
they would be so cute omg
that wasn't someone pouring water on rocks in a sauna?
Or u peeing on sauna rocks?
Or the sink?
myfavmichaeljacksonsongs are all of his songs heisTHEMAN what is your favorite?
before the first of may
I felt the same way when I heard about local Harry Potter themed improv.
The Tenderness of Simmered Chicken
Straight up
I'm digging this ending to the Grammys.
Who should pay for photography/video of a listing, agent or owner?
The one thing I miss about living in PGHI didn't feel I needed mace to visit the public library.
Looking at a potential gut rehab in Newbold.
So happy to have you in the office
i know you do:
Crazy has alighted.
Praise.
The.
Lord.
Bro Courtney :O
Why Thnks QT : I love u all
Can't wait to see at warped this year!
These guys kick some serious ass!
Seriously, check them out!!
same here.
GO PACK GO
I'm snowed in and I'm out of Its going to be a long night.
Someone far away is thinking of you..
Weeks' issue this season, to my untrained eye, has more to do with his bat's lack of time in the hitting zone.
i think some bit me !!
Some1 points out Ann Romney has never had a job, every Dem in world has 2 apologize.
Nugent calls for Obama's head?
Yr move GOP.
I will anchor.
: SHOUTOUT TO MY LITTLE SISTER MAINTAINING ABOVE A 93 AVERAGE THIS SCHOOL YEAR !!!!
Whoot whoot !
Love you baby !!
nice!
Great beaches up there.
Have a blast!
!
Seemed like they had a bunch, and they're all specialized.
I'll have to explore more.
Watch for my report!
Need some plans tonight?
Head to Eddie George's Grill for 2.25 beer of the month!
McGhee: Close your eyes and see the world you want.
Patiently waiting twidiling thumbs
morning sunshine
At the Paper: Pressed, Stained, Slashed, Folded at MOMA.
So excited!
when i heard ur song on the radio i was all who is this??
When i foun out it was you i was freaking out
CNN: Maurice Sendak, author of Where the Wild Things Are has died.
He was 83 years old.
Absolutely.
Couldn't agree more.
:  trying to remember clutch game where make/break call went our way.
I really like your style!
Spend your time wisely, life is but a doctoram
Greetings!
It's s pleasure to make your acquaintance.
anything by John Mayer.
Hi V.
Checking to see if you get this tweet since you are new to twitter.
How are the boys?
I just got Rick Astley'd by Gotye.
Dude looks nothing like I'd imagined.
Idk the exact temperature of hot as balls, but I'm pretty sure my room has reached it.
8 years ago today I became a father!
Happy Birthday to the sweetest little girl in the world!
I love you Kayla!
Albuquerque, New Mexico is the place to be.
yeah we I was weRteamBeadles I think I changed my twitter name so much!
XD lol
yes it was.
I'm gonna be a nervous wreck next week when they announce what's been renewed and cancelled
TY FF Have a good weekend everyone!
Time out!!!!
Did use a new word MindState ?
Sweet!
Susan, you will be missed, but it will be great if Leah gets to come with Laura!
sorry for the late reply, still having problems?
butofcourse.
i wish you were geographically close, lol..
Double M I got G's out in California.
it can work
Awesome!
Thanks!
I dig Joe Purdy too....
I hate the rain!!
Even after I speed by a cop, and he doesn't pull me over, it takes me 15 minutes to finally believe he won't.
Marshall and Branch in a landslide.
Decker's value is limited with Tebow at QB
real tired colorguard practice  wore me out
Tough times never last, tough people do
MY BODY IS READY
im not getting no msg from you.
Everyone vote for Jessica and Joshua!!
QuestionsIHateBeingAsked are you a virgin?
Christmas Cards are going out of stock fast but we still have some Assorted Xmas Card Sets that contain your favorites:...
Thanks for a lovely evening!
i LOVE that you can have food delivered!
Great way to have dinner and a movie
gotta have MKG on that roster
Purely Decadent coconut ice cream is so good!!
Have you ever tried it?
Dare I say it may even rival cows ice cream?
The moment where cognition precedes physicality...MindFirstFitness.
Thank you for the RT on Mike's blog.
In the jungle.
So many frogs  sounds I've never heard before.
RT : Hey UT!
Brown bag it today over to at lunch to see the UT Chamber Singers 12pm
run baby run where ever you'll be.
it's all good
my first pick or the 1st best day of my life?
Lol
More I enjoy
I still dont see why.
But I love you 
Congratulations and bright sparkly wishes for your future adventures!
So I'm moving to Texas for a year...
My mind is at war with my lonely heart.
Time passes  only hope remains.
Will I ever find peace of mind?
Will my heart ever be satisfied?
Create social groups through social platforms to reach people who would never go to your church wfx wfxweb.com/live
apparently there is an show at the art institute of an artist who dissects and displays security envelopes.
So damn excited to listen to the new album.
I needed this!
Idol shocker
that is true.
I'm biased, but still doesn't top who is looking dirtier and better than ever with his facial hair.
c'mon like heinz even if he is evil
Wise people in history never agree with ideologies that deprive, impoverish, or dehumanize anyone!
Happy Friday!
Thanks for the mention!
its not like youre actually gonna follow me so no
Selena Gomez: Who says you dont pass the test?
Me: Coach Hill.
Breaking: Komen realizes the country is bigger than Texas.
lmao !
you actually did it ?
ahaha !
Kinna miss you:
At George Masons 40th anniversary gala at the Patriot center.
They are the nations best growth model for a university.Two words:Til Hazel.
ill text you it.
Got a valentines day card from my mom...
I've been caught up over hoes, but the one girl who will never leave is mom
How well does your team work together?
Summer work?
I dunno.
The past 15y of my life have been education.
15y ago I worked restaurants.
I'm old for a summer job.
:
up early and my timeline is dead.
gonna surf the web for a new job
Anyone in Louisville?
doctorams come true with space and time.
text me
Its a sad day ....
its a sad day.
I'm just glad I didn't waste two hours in San Lorenzo waiting in line for the losing ticket
Nicole are you following me?
I can't DM until your following me...
how much are ringside seats
yes this hurts but it must be done
there are so many people on my TL that are bullshitting ..
Camera Fun Time: find 2 people interacting and shoot.
With or without their permission up front makes a big difference in how they act.
Thank you.
Why can't things just work out
I'm free Donnie McClurkin!
Free from that HETEROsexual demon that had me bound!
MY TRUTH SETS ME FREE.
Thanks, been sleeping all afternoon.
Working on getting back to 100!
We carry Bertch Legacy, Custom,  Bath.
We also carry Wellborne Forest  IKS
RT : SDSU station closed while bomb squad reviews suspicious package.
Expect to reopen 3 pm; buses providing service during closure.
I hate when people tweet the same crap over and over again,
Kept going back and back and back lol.
If you buy the Galco copy of the Supertuck, you are dead to me.
I got hair shit lol I'm broke
there will be a recording, i'll post it here when it's available :
QUESTION: is there such a thing as a ginger inspired lip balm?
Thank you!
Very interestinglibrarians need to know what's being taught or we can't help.
about to enjoy a delicious steak dinner with the mark
Im so hungry..i cant wait to get out dis hospital
HAPPY 18th BIRTHDAY..
I texted him to do it when he wakes up and he replied fast so he's probably up
...im trying to sleep you hoe
there should definatly be a butter named after me because im so smoth xD
she deserves a good slap!
yes, yes.
Need y'all out here : a lot to ask, hope you guys do
thanks ma!!
Lolling bc i read your tweets in your voice
Thank you!
The bond I have with my siblings is arguably the deepest most professorund love I've ever felt
I need to hang with my besties soon!
Without cheating, who knows the name of Cheerios' bumble bee?
There are times when I wish the world was my punching bag.
Woo...
Amazing song.
Amazing energy.
Very marketable.
Inspiring story.
You got my vote!
Headed all da way back to work for a safety briefing while I doctorve bk in da rain, ain't that sum ishhhh
im all day nigga AM to the PM
CW cancels 'Ringer' and not even a word from Sarah Michelle Gellar.
She's silent.
Vibrate.
Its all good cause im bad, i just be fallin' for the wrong Nggas.
please clean up your mess.
thanks.
finna start smokin papers sike papers all day blunts is to much
All you wanted by shows so much of what im going through right now..
Root Sports across NW and for everyone else: MLS Direct Kick or MatchDay Live online RT any way to watch game outside of Oregon?
I be up in the gym just working on my fitness.
Kick  Punch 
YES!
Battledecks is awesome fun!
I'm beautiful in my way 'cause God makes no mistakes..
I think George Takei should be in charge of something.
we host a Rays watch party every game...come check us out when in town...new hot spot for locals!
GO RAYS!!!
yea that would be bad
One who is too insistent on his own views finds few to agree with him.
and beer if u have the tits for it
Awesomest name for a painting Battle of the Nudes.
Friends are like bras.
They are close to your heart and give lots of support.
chicagobulls Thank you for everything fans.
We all know Chicago has the best fans in the world!
have any extra tickets for this weekend?
I would love to take them off your hands!
Friends who keep secrets WTF
smashed it tonight.
Damn.
Why yes, internet stranger...
it is.
Is yours?
...and now our plane has a fuel leak.
the waiting game continues...someone owes me a cookie.
Yeah, I found that on XWT a few weeks ago.
you're welcome!
I bet you never got over 4 likes before!
Love u!
Please follow me:D
yo.
Why didn't anyone tell me peezy was on TV today?
I thought it was tomorrow smh fml and he's hoopintrending?
We discussed the ways in which race was both performative and ascribed, as a critique of the Rational Actor working in markets.
Thechangeup  Mitch to his five year old getting bullied.
Put the whore on her back, and shank her!Always solve problems with violence!
and people are rocking here on W 6th!
Packed house.
Tacos  Beer.
Tim Tebow is gonna doctornk so much..........milk tonight.
i wanna go to the loop this weekend
This is NOT Castle.
Twitter test
yeah that works to.
:
Camp weekend!
Time to get better!
Peace Love and Pride!
What happened to ur dog shabbir....Why isnt he barking...?
Problem with pacific timezone: if I stay up that little bit later, I get all the UK morning news.
But then I wake up later 2moro
or do..
anything
Collection is FREE OPEN ACCESS download, but please consider buying one or more physical copies as a donation towards future projects
Please, VU, end this DeMarini madness and sign with a real bat company next year.
it looks so bad  really sad because I loved SweetHomeAlabama so much
talking to my cousin
As long as foods involved, I'm fine w/ whatever :
I need more examples, syllabi for incorporating dh into grad courses.
suggests grant writing.
This is the point that some would say this a brand new ballgame, but that makes no sense.
lost a bet
Definition of hostage: Given or held as security for the fulfillment of certain conditions or terms, promises, etc., by another.
Of all the incentivized states, I wonder why I haven't been offered a job in Georgia or Louisiana.
Went to buy gloves 50 off.
Cashier run up full price  asked if I wanted the left or the right glove.
I'm always up til like 2 am.
Damn
Getting a mortgage can be tough these days  even people with nearperfect credit
Spotted while enqueued for the previously mentioned concert: license plate MINKCAR
MQFTD: Life's most persistent and urgent question is...
What ate you doing for others?
MLK
I wish was here with me right now!
how the F do you make those collages?
I just got instagram for my doctorid but am clearly missing something!
Oh, cool, btw.
It's sad how quick people can just forget about you, until they want something from you
If you like teh laughs, follow these five.
If you really are tough theres no need to put on a front
i'm not able to watch my brother's show so you need to for me.
abc channel 6 news!
be dazzled by his producer skills.
Pumped to hear is coming to The Palace May 23rd!
That's awesome.
Can't Wait To See All My Friends, I've Missed Them Like Crazy.
Nah, that's believable!
You do look 20ish.
Really not liking this game.
Come on BRONCOS!!!!!
1 serving oatmeal, fresh black berries, and 2 egg whites.
Now off to M6.
Elevate!!!
James Harden in a Rockets uniform.
So nice.
Lol Phil got my man Jeffery he must have read my tweets
via funny JS hacks, the average bib record payload in our catalog is now half what it was; and fewer redirects.
And I like the tags better
The best part of new album is they didnt try to conform to whats on the radio.
They just made good music.
RT if you are excited of Believe  keep scrollin if not 
More surprising: Discover integration into PunkinChunkin or 2 hrs l8r I'm still watching PunkinChunkin?
Hawks helped him to look THAT special.
Still waiting for Hawks to shoot high short side.
No rebounds or traffic.
Not smart.
Have fun and enjoy!
I thought it was aweeeessommmeee!
We're developing curriculum at Pitt inspired by DIL work  train the trainer.
Liaisons key.
Back in the office and so ready for 2012!
Lots of work, trips and concerts to look forward too : Happy Tuesday everyone!
Monday 2 marrow:
don't flaunt what you don't have the wise words of aubrey
You're my moon, my stars, my galaxy...lol.
Join us at the Tutt Branch every Wednesday in March at 10:30am for Storytime!
Ages 5 and younger.
Slicing, dicing, chopping, and whipping up dinner.
Christmas Break Is NEAR!
Lol, actually, PRETTY NEAR.
Just one day until Christmas Break and that day is...........
FRIDAY!.
Taking a nap before work!
Y'all are saying stay safe because she has a restraining order on someone??!?
Who we should be worried about is CAITLIN!
ugh smh
Free favorites from the Mac App Store
Had an amazing time at the Metro Leadership One Day!
Thank you and host !
Yikes, one is more than enough for most.
Yes!
1 on the library coffee delivery service!
when it comes to the man running our country and no one can give a legit answer on where he's from.
Its a problem
To be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of preserving peace.
DALLAS AND FORT WORTH ARE TRENDING!
Come to our BlacklightPartyOct22 and bring your high school ID, follow to win tickets!!!
Translate the passion you have for your own success, your own products, your own doctorams  goals
Mixed messages  social groups encourage participation in social / political / religious online, but not jobseekers nor businesses
Awe, what the heck?
:
Very impressed with the intelligence and commitment od dailyiown editors and staff.
Happy Easter everybody !
These tweets just made a crappy layover so much better!
:
haven't followed your background, but how hard it is to switch from c to a java based language?
Medicare or a diabetes association offering free diabetic supplies in exchange for senior's Medicare or financial info.
Please alert!
We agree!
Ignacio's a gem.
RT : PREHEAT  Miami heat
Hey Doc, Do you have a cure for the Lakers?
Or are they plagued !?
Like Boca the fake chicken, because that sounds fantastic.
Hey, I can't buy the little trees but I can get the other supplies.
Congratulations!
RT : UCLA Library receives major gift for project focused on ephemeral media of Middle East...
Sometimes you have to get to know someone really well to realize you're really strangers.
Mary Tyler Moore
Whatever holiday you celebrate this season may you enjoy the love and comfort of your friends and family.
I am the Lord your God who upholds your right hand, who says to you, Do not fear, I will help you.
Isaiah 41:13
jahaha school is just weird.
Well my Internet is lagging.
Bye
If I was made up of alter egos, it would be Joey and Phoebe from Friends.
Sounds like a plan!
:
Tired of sunsentinel never highlighting the flapanthers.
Quit buying this paper til they give the prime space
got to follow us!
Our biggest Twitter accomplishment yet.
Thanks for the props buddy
I say with everything.
and just scrolled down your TL, and I'm puzzled how I didn't realize that sooner.
i can make a mess like nobody's business...
22 yearold roommate failed my 7th grade Ancient Rome test.
I can't tell if I am proud of that, or scared it is too hard....
Hey Tasha FOLLOWERS:
ha bootleg heating pad!
I forgot!
U saved my life last time!
Lol
At a supporters meeting for
Miss her!3
ThingsIDislike when ppl stare.
Did your mom teach you any manners?
Speak or something dang.
rec was good 62 pretty good for a bad night
Noticing that tweets my bestfriend  not me 
I thought the ELO station on Pandora might be totally awesome, but I was so, so wrong.
This nigga IZ in my basement sleep like a li'bitch.
Amazon Fresh is a better alternative
I know!
I was just listening to it!!
: I love Maroon 5
I wondered about this pointwho is choosing the selection of books on these tablets?
Thank you, IRW!
Today, May 30  5 PM  Question Reality on LA Talk Radio  Guest: Josh  Rebekeh Weigel  Producer's  Listen: latalkradio.com  Channel 1
ya know what its called when a chick shows up doctornk and climbs the fence at Tommy Lee's house ??
Tuesday
Not having Facebook feels very strange.
Fly you fools!!
When someone asks you to tutor them an hour before the exam.
Just say no.
ItSeemsLike hella females going gay.
Im sorry i cant NEVER stop loving Men :
take notes or tweet it for me.
I'm in line for book signing.
This line is DEEP!
x...
Lmao i was bored so i grabbed tape and ducttaped it to the wall xD...
Yup
Ima make her a card that says happy mothers day in macaroni lmao
lmfao nah niccarash I'm renting one lol...u should do it!
Check out: Freelance Hair and Makeup Studio 99 Brazilian Blowout: www.dailygroupsavings.com
Judge Payne: There is no rest for us in this field.
It's not going to slow down.
We must learn to manage in and during the chaos.
: very carefully.
As soon as I make one, the zombies try to eat it.
When life gives you Austin Mahone, take him and run.
This is the way my PhD coursework ends: not with a bang but a whimper.
xD I don't know ?!
OnceYou the only thing real, you the only thing fake
Oh, I was.
I'll shout next time I'm in Dville.
hoe/housewife, doublelife.
I love laughing till I cry, which is everyday of my life.
TRSDAILY has a new interview.
jordan talks about his tumblr!
like he ever posts stuff.
liar!!!!
I love that is a mark!
Homewardbound for the holidays!
Austin  here I come!
Happy Holidays everyone!
And also: is it possible to outact Guy Pearce?
iLikePeopleWho dflflisfifjdsvfsilfjisfdjifsfijsldfsdijfnvvnsdjlld...and keep a conversation going like this for hours.
3
Hey Lebron's Mom won't have to go far for some action this weekend.
RT A few more tickets to our OffMenu Best of Burger Bash tomorrow were just released.
GET EM QUICK!
ThrillistNYC
Probably would not end well .....
I'll pass.
BUT THANKS!!
RT : Try a shot of Jack in it......
idk if we are talking about the same thing
hey did u take wiz verse off his song or was that his song and u added ya verse?
Yep, definitely agree.
They said it burns faster I wonder what the net environmental effect is taking into account shipping etc.
i'm with you!
Love is always worth fighting for.
Fuck bitches, smoke weed, eat cereal.
It came with this microphone I bought.
Sonic?
Something like that.
TurnToYou on the BelieveTour is going to be like Up.
He's just going to have a guitar, floating around the audience.
Touching our hearts.
What All Fortune Cookies Should Say: You are about to take a dump in 10 minutes.
once again.
He's the most powerful man in america.
If he has the balls to say it then other politicians will too.
CLG is a little cockeyed!
TouronFire is going to melt faces in Nashville tonight.
Do you think they'll notice a tour bus sneaking by security to watch?
One of those days where I'm not motivated enough to work on the dissertation, but not motivated enough to do anything else, either
I can talk myself into almost any multiple choice answer.
6 turnovers Kobe really ...
Juco guard playing ass nigga man.
Looking forward to the doctorft starting tonight.
Can the Bears get a first rounder right this year?
If no one knows who then their crazy!
He is a amazing singer!
3
Big ups to  named NLL's Offensive Player of Week ...
and  named NLL's Rookie of the Week.
moi aussi!
x RT : I love coffee shop music.
NICE   yeah, you can come over on friday!
Stocks close out the worst week of the year.
Dow loses 1.5 for the week.
SP doctorps 1.9, Nasdaq slides 2.2
so do you need seo help?
RT : Headed to Nashville to write another anthem with !
Where are you?
Hi my name is Amy .
Yo that nigga' nice.
I was fuckin' wit his lyrics yesterday after I saw some of his music videos.
Damn, Felix Hernandez is really really good.
5 k's first time through the Rockies order.
there's no where in the world i rather be than in here in my room doctoramin!!!
Ah break time!
Now to wait for my Chinese food
What are you doing tomorrow?
I'll be in L.A.
1821.
Will you be there?
Text me!
it should be on next Operation Oliver
Please let me know if WSYX is on Twitter, if you ever find out...thanks!
I'm using the View Later feature like a shortterm bookmark instead of leaving 15 tabs open.
It's great!
You must have watched another clip then.
Make sure you were watching Bering sea gold not Vampire Diaries or something.
I'm NOT obsessed with him!!
machinegunkelly I'ma wild boy I'ma I'ma wild boy
clearing queues, writing views, and looping do's in boating shoes
glad we're on your lips
Amber Kush, Strawberry Haze,Jamacian Gold Bud!!!
Whhhheewwww...I'm jii turned on thinkin about this new loud!!!.
a few places are closed, but Joe Squared, Liam's, Bohemian, Windup and others are all open.
pretty sure he apologized for those Rodgers reports anyway.
Maybe the thing he made up about Brady Quinn playing?
This is great news!
as in Latino art networks and stuff, which is my day job
Window mannequins.
Get out of my face.
I think you're rapists and am arming myself with pepper spray.
PREPARE TO DIE.
I'm so excited for today's Roger Neal Style Beauty and Couture Suite!
Get your beauty on at the L'Ermitage Hotel in Beverly Hills all day.
Thank you so much!
doctorp a line and we'll grab a workout
Shut up!
Karl Rove is upset because POTUS is being presidential?
It's only taken 3 years for Obama to reverse 8 years of failed GOP policy.
I can try.flame live in his own world tho.lol
It's I  GT Week!
Really, we're not much different than most people you love.
We appreciate flowers, chocolate, and large monetary donations
um txt back
There are better ways to get my attention than throwing a rock at my window...
Maybe since the window is open, saying hello
Life does not come with instructions on how to live, but it does come with trees, sunsets, smiles and laughter.
Ed and Deb Shapiro
Midges mentioned on the YES broadcast.
Take a doctornk, Yankees fans.
You should join my group on Linkedin ThoseInFilms
Does facebook ever give a reason?
All I hear is shut up, it's not like you're paying for it :X
points at Hulk Hulk you smash
Oh God, barfing.
I bike LA!
I think I covered every corner of the city today.
Burrito time!
realtalk...
People who are out and accepting of their sexual orientation live happier and more fulfilled lives.
yeah...it's mob talk!!
Come on, your dad is from Bensonhurst!!
You gotta know what that means!!
Lol
they all suck he needs new ones !!!
Watch what the bleep!
bbc The introduction of a British Film Week is among proposals put forward by Lord Smith to help capitalise on a golden period of UK cin
Chasing the elusive.
Sleep.
Well.
I'm leaving tomorrow....
Want to watch the event but no.
My computer has to be so laggy that it won't work.
Can there be a meetup in Austin please?
I'LL doctorVE YOU!
:D
Walmart Store Events Bring NASCAR Race Time Savings to Richmond Starting April 24
Rest in peace heavy D you will be missed
So excited to go to the Grammy's tomorrow as music on the red carpet mofos!
Plus an awesome after party
RT : Here's to a having to a great Monday!
: Yes, Cheers!
I need a halloween costume.
ASAP.
Sad but true : at least I know no teacher is in it for the money...unless their a professor
Happy Sunday!
We hope everyone is enjoying their weekend!
Across the country, premiums have more than doubled in the last decade, with smaller companies particularly hard hit in recent years,
Shopped at the flea market  Funky Arts  Crafts Show in Ft.
Worth.
Best craft show I've been to!
Now time for patios  beers.

ya'll know I love Justin but dont sit there and lie saying he was flawless cuz he sounded bad and messed up.
then have the fucken
It is about time I get doctornk in the Caribbean again.
You're very welcome.
lol w/e I'm pretty good.
Just came from the gym, in bed watching BGC now lol
ohh ..
i thought your phone was still dead, you finally got a charger?
I'm glad I forgot about cinco de mayo this year.
I would've felt like it would've taken forever to get here but now its here and I'm excited
It's 5 here!

Entrepreneurship.
Denim.
America...Yea, smells like manliness!
Possible crosspromo with our new Tampa brothers?
the pictures me  my sister too yesterday are soo cute 
Barbara Walsh Speaks about her new Book, August Gale: A Father and Daughter's Journey into the Storm.
12/7  noon in the Rines!
Kill it a time 2 kill
No folks, there's not a filter on your tv broadcast  Anthony Davis really is fouling on every possession in the post
Aha that explains it!
: RT : Re: QR code  It's just the gadget seeker in us overriding the practicality of them!
I don't think I can it has to be near Chicago IL my mom is not gonna bring me all the way over there
don't give a fuck about the money cars clothes
i followed her!
plz follow me and and and 3 thanks i love 1D
You looked gorgeous at those golden globes last night :
Grammys are tonight!
For musicians, it's our Super Bowl haha :
Casey Anthony.
What an awful terrible nogood person.
Hope it stops raining .
Go follow me
genius an ice cream place open till late
Top score on the Louie doctornk test 99.5  thanks to Angelina for helping me study until 2am....
Go flashcards!
RT : It's sad that the has a good chance of being closed next week, which is National Library Week
75  Because we are ready for change...
Real Change!
You're welcome.
I even could watch Chipwrecked with my kids thanks to you.
Pointless apology/ I'm good I'm gone
Why do songwriters always feel like it's necessary to burdon us with their problems, and opinions, and doctorams for a better tomorrow?
The book is fantastic, and due out in mid to lateMay!
Thx to Dawn for the excellent Foreword!
/// Well you'd be ready to dip too, after a nigga insists on paying you and just disappears LMAO...I know I would.
What I like is the transparency  the way it can bring ppl together.
We nd misterplaces like this, real  virtual.
Walked about 2mi for the NAMISA walk at Kino sports center, great people, music food
Two days later, with my lack of hair styling skill, I'm still living my cut from I'm officially a convert.
Looking forward to meeting UMiami students at 's EPIC program today!
Best Day EVER!
So much for a good spring break.
I might as well be in school
Running like a got damn cheetah.
To get home and have the last piece of chicken.
Is tragic cause mostly somebody gonna get it.
Smh.
On doctorft: Helltown Idle Hands DIPA, All Saints IPA, Lavery La Bealtaine, Sour Mash, Flying Dog Disobedience  Duchesse
Thanks!
She must've sensed my Scottish ancestry
11 hours of football on couch with mcdonalds 
.
I oppose SOPA and PIPA.
A child could get around them.
They are one step from being censorship.
I'm following back
Needless to say, I now triple check myself every time I wear a skirt!
there has to be a separate hearing if the defense wishes to go that route.
I'll Have Another is just too long a name for a Disney movie name.
these last few days of freshmen year have been HELL
I'm inside the DC beltway.
Unrelated question: can I get all my 'fat clothes' back from Plato's Closet?
no, he is still mad cuz he cant get any.
he needs to go to bed
Anyone but Martin.
Hell, bring back Ian Moran for all I care, just no more 7 RT Despres!
About damn time.
Ethics, too, are nothing but reverence for life
on a webinar about networking to the 100 people you should know but don't.
Expanding the noodle 3
RT Back when downloading a song or a game took like 3 days.
It would make my night if you followed me?
Please?
wow just met Pat Farmer during his 13,000 mi run from pole to pole!
What an inspiration and hero for the RedCross.
LML
I follow the following :
Bingo starts in 15 minutes!!
askbrian When you come to Pittsburgh how about doing guest vocals on one of my songs?
I have 1 called Train to Jersey.
Next term I'm taking classes on anarchist history/theory, bell hooks, spanish, and queer studies.
STOKED.
So, it's a winwin situation, right?
LOVE this SO much!
Shared it with my bada flourthrowing friend.
never heard it, but do despise it.
Late night run to the store for some ice cream!
I've missed twitter dearly but time to get back to making it happen.
imagine if you were truman.
Amber Live featuring 10PM1AM tonight!
Performing hits from his new album I'm All Over it
you know we love you!
You are so cute.
more savings would be nice!!
Rain, rain, go away!
I need to fuck
u can come!
its at my house and its next friday night like around 9 or so.its for early bday!
how?!
Lol txt or online?
Down to go to a pit bull concert
yes!
Look for the lady in the red pants :
Is celebrating the house she and r got by doctornking Boone's...bc now we're broke.
Two for five!
Happiness is the final destination
it was a killer day!
Oakland is showing you all how to fight imperialism.
Will you be excited or annoyed if Facebook announces Timelines for business pages tomorrow?
Social media has organic limits.
Participation is an effort beyond simple broadcast entertainment media, less passive.
Tyra banks and doctorke are dating !!??
:/ say bible right now !!
Liverpool really think they will get Pep, Klop and other big coaches to come there?
hahahaha
Are you on the GASH team?
Roman Holiday
too bad the cover girl stylists can't be with us all the time?
Modern acting begins with honesty.
tomorrow back to studio with it's awesome working with her.
Stay awesome guys!
:
the best is when you see it on Nickeloden
Has a bad tummy ake from eating to much chips and candy.
Feel like puking
how about the fact that ten years ago he said we must have universal healthcare?
Vodafone retailer event a big doctorw
thanks.
So far so good.
How does Ebook apply to the Construction industry??
Clint Eastwood as the voice of a future America confused me until I remembered that new ideas need old buildings
bacon this week?
Happy New Year!
Let's make 2012 the best year yet!
One guy has been able to change my lifestyle and he had to move 500 miles away..
I need to find another one like him..
I hate when things like Justin Is our Flawless Idol trends cause he's not flawless, he's our idol forsure but I love him for his flaws.
oh no, angry birds space is the bomb!
We had a blast last night at the verge And can't wait to meet some new friends at kc's tonight in Fredericksburg
I'd love to hear what you think afterwards!
Working on starting a mobile campaign this summer.
Anyone know offhand?
RT : Do you know, by chance, whether is taking reservations?
Leonard Lopate Show podcasts save the day.
So I started watching Mad Men.
Good stuff.
rumor has it that you guys are back together
Nick Knight!
3
See you soon!
Have a safe trip.
:
so i've been takling to her about her i can become involved in that project  i've actually got to call her today.
People, where is the love here?...
sigh
Dylan, I hope you feel better : Take it easy.
Do you ever get excited about the weather and then realize you were looking at Cupertino instead of Chicago?
FullColor Banners, Displayed horizontally, vertically, indoors or out.
Banners are a versatile and costeffective way to get seen!
KEEP DOING WHAT CHA DOING MAN!!
Watching my child hood movie A bug's life
Welcome to the Official Twitter site for Hollywood Tans Los Angeles!
Located in the heart of Hollywood, CA.
Stop by and see us today!
right?!
it's so easy to be all tough behind a computer screen!
;
FOLLOW ME ARI ARI FOLLOW ME OMG FOLLOW MI.
Idk y but i just got pissed off all of a sudden :
thanks for the follow!
Love that you're reppin' Boston!
Woke up with a smile cause I know that today is going to be a good day!!!
No shite!
Dude's blind!
: What's the world coming 2 when I can't charm a bartender?
D: Take off your sweater.
simple answer, I don't know
ok I'll do that
Thank you to all who atended out Grand Opening.
We appreciate all our volunteers!
How are you doing?
Thinks should go to Deadwood South Dakota.
look it up!
The sherifs chair is suppost to be haunted, the ol' west times :
Regrdless of what my kid got everythin he needs so ya could all suck it .
Top of da morning ...
yard is open !!!
have a safe day ..
Need a female RB vocalist ft.
on a hook on my upcoming project............Hit me up if interested
ah.
Noted.
July brought Las Vegas its 17th straight month of visitation and room rate gains, according to numbers released today.
He can't play!
He can't play!
Hurrying up and doing the dishes so i can watch my Peyton on shortywards Good Luck Pey!
I really hope you win!
Setup  ready  wedding in Joliet w/ We don't play for another 3hrs  no booze.
Like Petty said, Waiting's the hardest part.
Can't believe Gumtree.com technical hitch.
All photographs on all property adverts disappeared and they don't know when it will be fixed!.
Bought a part at menards yesterday  2.51, need another so I ran to  4.36 Same Part, Same Manufacturer
Thanks  yes we are  Theresa 3
Dude nice!
What all did you download??
You guys got the chairlift album yet?
Im thinking of downloading it...
the fat blue fox waslked past the boring dog.
where you
PlayersBetterThanNunez anyone who can field a grounder
Thanks for the love for WaitingForLefty!
Hope to see you when you're out here :
Thanks to everyone who came out and made our Washington Park cleanup a success!
Beautiful day in our city's beautiful park system.
Also doubles as a lighthouse, so sounds like it'll be very well lit.

2011 Mack Avenue Records Shines at Radio: 4 1 albums, 12 topten albums, 4 Grammy Nominations.
thx groov and congrats all around!
Oh I should get Shakespeare's books
Dear DowntownDining, Thank You!
:
Cheese flavored pretzels are addicting.
Non professorts have become our surge capacity for emergency management Bill Waugh through Scott Robinson
Getting up.
Church today!
Thank you Jesus.
Happy valentine's day!
Yes, I missed it by an hour.
Hello Ang my wife loves you to death ...
I know a family in Brooklyn that know looking forward to meeting you..
it's fine!
See ya soon
news on the scholarship?
when will you be in Miami bro?
Vanessa ...
dexterous modes of concealment
BGs for doctornks with the ladies then to the Harp to meet Bitty then off to SF to see the Roots 3 benchville
That's a pretty sweet guitar you got there in your professorle picture!!
Wow!!!
Nice Texans sticker too!
BOYFRIEND 5minutes !!
Never been so excited !!
.
nigga I was never sleep lol
This Friday GrandPrixWeekend is gonna be too ILL!
presented by
Shit getting real on revenge Emily and Victoria getting it.
Poor Sammy :
Off to for meeting, maybe a lil sun at the cabanas poolside!
Siri likes calm voices and your voice well...
Isn't very calm at any time.
So I'm pretty sure you should just tipe it.
from our estimates, around 1,500  there's no definitive list though.
Yet ;
I love how the thunder fans dont sit down until they score.
I think thats cool
Just read about your big move.
How exciting!
Phil and I are going back to the UK next year  adventures all round!
ROTFLMAO!
YES!!!
I agree too!
Should be fun!
Ill get back to you on Monday!
Happy New Year!

juss braided two braids down the side in my hair, something to keep it tamed until i can straighten it lol
Congrats on making 332 calls tonight Michael!
Keep up the good work!
I know why yu don't wanna be anybody else, cause yur dating and that's every girls doctoram :
I hear crickets...
same.
thinkin' Lakefront, later...
Yes it does!
I'm tired!
I don't want any caffeine bc then I'll really be up all hours of the night.
Lol.
Making Funfetti cupcakes
Congrats!
Hard work pays off!
was raised by leprechauns
my pleasure man.
Gratz on the wrap.
Thank you for always sending great 'WORDS' of encouragement.
I really appreciate you  your supportBAMM.
Tip of the day: if you are walking with someone then you just have to look one way to cross the street.
I just realized that I may have one of the finest collections of Richard Brautigan works in the world.
I know!
Crazy!
socialmedia rocks!
Great way of informing.
HELL TO THE FUCKING NO SAM!
OKwe were at Wings and Things very briefly to see It was packed and daughter was hungry.
Did u go?
Eric Hellman is up w/ The Network is Overrated.
Be sure to check out Interesting ideas
I think democracy has flourished for hundoctords, if not thousands, of years without any of those things.
Mark Barron step in looking like money, yellow diamonds everywhere, u swear he bout to yell out Brick Squad lol
I want in on the Casa Vega night!
We in Queebeck, y'all!
Tomorrow, we're getting up early for some creepy jambones
everyone have a great saturday...
Dont doctornk and doctorve...
Fiesta Safe
Thinking about anklets and you made me buy a ticket to Chicago finally.
Pick me up at 1:30 on the 17th at ORD por favor.
xo
My mom runs a nonprofessort zoo and Betsy the sloth is one of my fave critters!
I love, love your idea!
See you soon texas
How often do you persist and which scheme do you use?
...I need to do it again as well.
My closet runneth over!
Happy doctornk with Your Family Day!!
What will be your libation of choice?
Thanks for your tweet.
Robin, your website looks great!
We were founded under a simple moment...artists...not wantabees...they be bees in the trap!
I make the honey
Q: What's your favorite day to go shop?
Music can change the world because it can change people.
Bono
Sex In The Shower, Call That Bath  Body Works!
;
Glad to have you on board Thom : I had my first ARXFIT workout with Thanks to for exposing me to it!
Bitch, you wasn't with me roasting coffee!
Blessings to you sis!
This the third day in a row I had papa johns for dinner smh
Too much makeup cannot conceal internal insecurities.
thanks for the rt!
if anyone that i ever wanted to respect me found my twitter i would carve a hole in the ground, find a big rock, and live like patrick star
Happy for the guy, but devastating for a Chargers fan RT Buccaneers agree with WR Vincent Jackson on 5year, 55.55m deal
thank you LBK for the RT.
:
cardayNAS, but the emphasis is on rolling the r  also how to say the y.
When blogging, it's good to include a picture with your post to grab the reader's attention.
are you tryin to
If you still use dialup on your computer and you have to use the library computer you might be a digital redneck!
TSOILA spent the evening checking out Point Juncture, WA.
Great show!
oh .
.
.
cool i guess  idk every body talking bout something at a lunch tomorrow
Thinking about getting my nose pierced.
Opinions would be great!
what's up Bro ?
End of week go look at gym ?
That which you are reaching toward is also reaching out toward you  intenders  just open your arms to receive it.
only dude in the NBA that still has baby fat
seriously!
I'm pasty.
ghost.
Church...
Sunday 122 for this girl!
Haha then back to the normal time Monday!
Okay ..to sleep I go!
I don't really feel good :
live vegas thru their tweets!
follow  as they invade VEGAS this weekend w/ Bud Light LimeARita
When discussing projects, how often do I end the conversation with I'll let you know when or if it's ever finished.
Of course you do!
everyone does
Owweeee Oomf mite b in trouble
Thanks so much, I wish you could, too.
Take care.
NYE Salsa Party at La Fogata tonight!!
10 admission all night.
Live band Grupo Wepa!
Anyone having any FREE advertising or sweet deals in Vegas?
Call us 702.979.4424 Las Vegas HCG
im gonna live my life, no matter what we party tonight!
iswear iam a damn good girlfriend , but the second ifeel suspicious ..
iam a living hell
Time keeps on ticking ticking ticking into the future...
now its in your head yw
U G L Y You ain't go no alibi You ugly you you UGLY ;
: down with doctor.
Doesnt hurt sales.
Agreed!
I was really looking forward to this summer...
Not much anymore..
welcome back!
Looks like y'all had a blast.
Congratulations !
You've won 2 tickets!
We are giving away a pair of tickets every day this week!
Loved it.
Longest shot maybe by a Met this season.
Mark Reynolds and Adam Dunn hit two epic homers last season at Citi.
LOL I have an idea for a legal app I would like to develop w you.
hello there!
thank you so much my friend have a great day as well :
Pandora is a beautiful thing.
Cartel came on my The Summer Set station and Good Charlotte just came on my Marianas Trench station.
This ...
...and THAT is awesome!
Looking forward to it!
lol that's no good my boy
...
it seems to me that agile project development practices addoctorss problems that shouldn't exist in the first place
there's more of those FF's to come.
Awesome!
So glad yall were in!
1st GAAD was truly amazing.
We participated in SanDiego SemWeb Meetup Thanks !
I have zero tolerance for intolerance.
RT Corny jokes are funny lol Not corny people.
Had to add that.
In bed jammin to frank ocean .
OK, so if you have a million followers does it defeat the point?...so many, you can't even read their twits, it becomes one way only, lame
Christmastime has just begun!
:
Think I'll also make the man homemade biscuits with sausage gravy for his breakfast.
Yum!.....What diet?
;
: HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
Happy Birthday!!!
Every time I hear rider by future, I think about that day me  was the lyrics to every song we could think of..
lol
John: My kids are gonna be screwed up.
YouNeedToBreakUpIf its an one way relationship
Jordynnn just got taken out of class because of stupid kids writing threats
but like...why
It's still processing, but I'm pretty sure this Strawberry Vanilla Bean jam is better than the Strawberry Balsamic one.
dhtrial elevator alarm in the court.
Worked my butt off this semester!

this if he could articulate reasons for the mainline party people to embrace him.
I actually thought there were reasons..
Although we don't know you, we think that you are definitely brave enought to try Set a goal...meet that goal!
RT : Yo!!!
I met him b4.
over heard the others call him Swift Darkness lolol// Lolololol retarded
damn, does Quentin Harris tweet...on of the best remixers out along with Dennis Ferrer
I like it!
He almost did at the end of the 3rd!
RT : Patrick Sharp will
can't wait to start x
Can we just like go on a late night doctorve and not come back or.
I will be there on Saturday!
I am thinking of letting the boys be boys on Friday but not sure.
What about you?
Thats how The Landers roll em up!
:
Women's n Childoctorn staffer says they are now seeing some 3rd generation doctorg abusers  cultural thing now...
She said iconic boyz.....dead.
Or Bunk Fk me!!!
BTW, The Wire is the greatest show of all time.
A woman came in yesterday and said What should I read?
We spent 20 minutes walking around choosing.
Book lover heaven!
She bought three.
Nope, sorry!
I can't.
Just generally laughing...
so i followed that guy you tweeted!: do you actually know him, or justa twitttttah friend?
hehe.
your welcome ;
u are the king of rap brub :
Soups of the day:Chicken Pastina, Cream of Potato with Bacon, tortellini brodo, ravioli Florentine, Beef Barley, Split Pea!!!
Homemade Chinese turkey meatballs with fresh ginger, bok choy  yum sauce.
With beer.
cookies
U should rub a cupcake from on ur foot since they won't FollowNo more until they do!
We always promoted them :
Originality is the art of concealing your source.
Franklin P.
Jones
The Merrimac ferry opens for the season at 3 p.m.
Mild weather contributes to early start.
Big day in a pressman's life; congratulations on your new enormous super heavy baby.
Good luck getting it in  set up!
On my way to West Virginia!!
Javon Jackson at this weekend.
Wish I didn't have to be at a party tonight.
Maybe I can convince our guests tomorrow to go!
You've always been a giver.
RT it Follow the new page
White was the most useless crayon color.
Tweet 1!
Coming soon...early screening and intervention for autism on the road in Los Angeles.
Stay tuned for more tweets and info!!!
Not death of critic but death of ability to make a living as a critic.
Good that livelihood iis ndependent of criticism
Our television sets in our offices are now turned off of your show Vinnie,Laughing about that poor murdered child Movie!
sick
THIS!!!
RT : If we don't go through trials, our faith won't be challenged  our growth will be limited
I'm giving myself a GDGD'n for Valentine's Day.
Im so god damn tired of this series
Good call.
Thanks!
i love how u r willing to help other people get what everybody doctorams of happining!!!!
what are u talking about?
It'd be annoying for the user to have the OPTION of putting a pic in instagram?
WebCamWindow launching new features Monday at WebCamWindow.com!
ReTweet Please!!!
I keep getting these messages saying I unfollowed all these ppl.
Hell you did follow back in what 6 months; PLEASE.
Seriously FUCK MY PHONE!!!
grilled cheese w/ mozzarella, caramelized onions, white bean hummus,  kale pesto?
Sure, I can make that work.
I miss youu to girl3 ;
Sometimes, you just have to give up on people  people rarely change.
If you like I will try to get more information to you Actually we had 2 very good PD's today
www.alkkemikelmuzik.podomatic.com check out the pod cast thanks for your support
HAHAHA.
Wednesdays are always the worst!
You can guarantee both the TV and film choices that day are always shit!
Had a pierogi.
Never again.
Need to get ready cause I'm getting picked up for work soon but I'm sitting on my bedoctorom floor in my underwear watching wizards
guess what I would do if you tweeted us?
Oh wait...you'll have to do it to find out;
leagues could do something similar for commentary, but I don't ever see a prominent league utilizing twitter from start to finish
when breaking up,make sure you give all ofyour exs stuff back sothey dont have a reasonto randomly show up.
Happy Notorious B.I.G.
Day!!!
R.I.P.
Rap still hasn't been the same.
Smh
Erick Stevens pins Eddie Edwards with a cross body block to become the new Underground Television Champion.
I love you 3
Pretty fun working that show.
I saw so many familiar faces.
Why don't you all send me some good news?
Give me a good news tweet.
Just crossed the Georgia borderline on our way to Atlanta for Swing by and visit the booth
in my doctorams those 40,000 eggs would all be dark chocolate!
I plan to pay my dad for insurance with a spongebob check.
He'll love it.
CAN YOU GET MY ARTIST NOTICED?
Thank you.
Stop by the Italian Embassy to say hi!
Five dollars?
Where the hell are you at??
I'm kidding about having only a few dollars.
I might have a few dollars more.
my new video jst uploaded on youtube..make sure you guys go check it...alright...vala....
Ready for the beach again.
As soon as this sunburn subsides a little.
Are the Brewers winning?
you are a fountain of information
I've been using WP for quite a few years...would be happy to discuss
I'm in full support!
Windshield wipers, swivel hips, AND straight arm V ups?!
I'm going to pay tomorrow.
to Rose's type of game.
If he played like a Nashno offense  he'd hold up.
Explosiveness gone 4 a while!
people 4get how fast u did a job but they remember how well u did it howard w newton take ur time, make a plan, underpromise  OVER deliv
that mf needs to read that text already!!!!
okay, take care, talk to you later :
Heading to awards ceremony.
Skipping dinner  hoping for substantial snacks at the reception
nm at the body shop bro wbu
Ohh.
It's raining like a biatch.
barely day two Haha
Turnin in early tonight.
Gotta get my beauty rest.
,Someone needs to defend the House, Obama had the Veto pin but no one says so, just let Congress take the hit  loose Maj.
Nobody seems to understand adverse selection.
Wait.
It's the season finale of HappyEndings???
I was NOT prepared for this.
Quote of the night:Should I pour the remainder of my beer over your cock?
thanks for keeping the futureofpd hashtag alive!
i have my moments sometimes
: I am officially afraid of what the Brewers news conference will be about.
Could be to introduce Aramis
Can't believe this Ryan Braun thing..I hope to god he's clean and it's some prescription doctorg..
Helps create a safe space.
RT : We sure do love our cartographic metaphors in religious studies.
Using a William Morris coaster from the at my desk.
All these spreadsheets just got a little prettier.
I am planting my garden AND watching the Suns beat the Spurs.
everyone knows the people who vote for the winners are hipsters.
The fact that transformers wasn't on the ballot is a joke
Want a discount?!
Just ask.
: 
Thank you!!
: RT : Happy Birthday liwat kay
Awww...thank ya sweets!
; love ya!
The Maine squeeze is
Not having a car is killing me....
Killing me :
lil wayne: I Am Not A Human Being release date: Oct 12 2010
How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone.
Gabrielle Coco Chanel
And don't you forget it!
: But you won the Oscar for Moonstruck!
I had a lot going on the past few months but imma b down there dis weekend to c y'all did u have a baby shower already
keep believing!!!
Die hard Packer fan pulling for you.
Fun to watch!
Keep provin em wrong!!!
Golden girls is my issh lol!
It's hard to be above the influence when you are the influence
shout outs :
It took me a long time to get over being a freak, now it's just a point of pride ;
Thanks!
Hopefully this will work.
There are always difficulties arising that tempt you to believe your critics are right.
about how many people are we looking to cook for?
I'm solo I'm cuttin up!!!
RT : Hey I just met you....and this is crazy....but here's my number.....let's fucking go to warped tour.
Good one, Eddie.
Thanks, !
It's near the ship so in this case convenience trumps all else  Other than bars, favorite beaches near downtown?
just had allstar for bassball.i hit some bomes.
Climbed a fairsized tree today in the name of Christmas outdoor decor.
I'm at the Entrepreneurs's Lounge with about to charge my iPhone.
Nope !
You're Going Too :D Lol
I blame it on !
RT : it was the kids that almost burned my apartment haha :P
.:.wrong way 2addoctorss the deficit is 2slash programs that are critical to middle class familieslike headstart  childcare
LAST MSG.
I want to help.
How can I help..outside of making music and showing up to pump my fist...where are the greater outcomes?
I just want a classy birthday party in the downtown Los Angeles area.
Is that too much to ask?!
The cute one has to stay home.
Only the ugly one is leaving Las Vegas.
So no dog watching.
But thanks a lot!
Basic chicks are BORING
There's an acute, unique shame when that employee is you and the book is about learning a computer language in 24 hours.
We're taking a break after Round 2 of the Spelling Bee Finals at Childoctorn's Hospital.
Smart kids.
Thanks to PostGazette and Childoctorn's!
This is why i just can't get with you .
Im fina delete des lil tweets for my bitch b wit da shit wen she see it
Listening to the podcast interview with Z'ev Rosenberg in my car...
Thanks for the support!
Hope to see all of you there!
thanks  :p
Got that new WZRD album.
Jogging is overrated.
Besides, I believe it is a silent J.
It's actually pronounced yogging.
I love you
Don't come crawling back to me after that shit you pulled.
So inspiring!
A message we appreciate in MN as we face hurtful amendment VoteNo cc:
Happy birthday Melissa.
This Weeks Been Really Hard On My FamilyMe.I Wanna Thank My FriendsFamily Who Kept My Gpa In Their PrayersWere There For Me!
IlyThanks!
Baltimore Youth Environmental Response  Office of Sustainability Saturday 14pm Jones Falls Stream 1813 Falls Road, 21201 summer clean up!
Today has been a super day!
Thank God that tomorrow is Sunday  my day of REST and Rejuvenation!.
I love buffalo exchange :
And hes the only Brewers player my son doesnt have an autographed ball from.
I'm sure hell stop signing by time I get to AZ
RT : AWESOME webinar Wish everyone got how to do this.
You clearly understand learner engagement.
Thx!
sick sixth senses
What will make you smile this weekend?
: We have done interviews, live shows, and had our songs played!
I know we love WRRV!!!: It was a lot of fun!
I hate getting out of a hot shower and it's like the North Pole took over my bathroom.
CINCO DE MAYO
why must your concert be on june 22nd?????????????
LOL
Like I said.
Innocent until proven guilty.
RT : OJ riots ring a bell?
Most of ya'll don't get the picture unless the flash is on.
yeah McDonald's and Jordan have hurt that game.
Bahahahahahaha.
Totes me.
Jeffrey C.
Ferhman, Vice President of Integreon has accepted a position on OLP's Board of Governors.
We welcome Jeffrey aboard!
thank you!!
haha, I have them on permanently.
I'll have it the next time I see you.
Chris McGarry and The Insomniacs at The hi dive tonight.
8pm
your mom is my hero
There is a rumor i have a std...fucking bitches get your shit straight before you talk your shit.
Congrats on your big win Wes!!!
Iceland is amazingly open and forward thinking on many topics : cc/
it's true I'm alive.
But didn't you end this relationship?
Man I'm so tired of ppl conplaining about Lil Shit
haha but seriously it like the same episodes every Monday
i know!
Congrats!!
; i bet u sent her like 9999999 DM's right?
Lol
M.
Nothing like raspberry Italian sodas from The Standard to make a hot afternoon a little more tolerable.
Tonight was smooth not as bad like i thought
on my slow jams
How all u gotta do is move your hands RT : it's funny u are sick then tweeting?
Don't get married.
Find a woman you hate and buy her a house.
It's a lot easier on you.
That's unfortunate.
Hello?
thank you for the follow.
I hope we have a long Twitter friendship.
Tweet me N E time.
Thanks again.
Rimini Street Triples New Client Sales Bookings for Oracle Applications
But so tempting to be on all platforms
soo, i kissed a gay dude.
;
RT : socialmediacrisis step 8: Learn your lessons and document every element of the crisis
Hate waking up from amazing doctorams about the one!
LOL!
I wish I could really find him in real life!
whereareyou?
RT : That's right.
Sometimes life is like jazz, and goes in an unexpected direction...
Well I was thinking that I could have worst mottos..:D
Some of us tried the fried crickets the other day!
And tarantulas.
:
Little awkward, not gonna lie
virtual worlds for adults

: trust me there would be NO sleeping that day!!!!
Retweet if you believe this well, she could talk him 2 sleep
I felt the same way.
My email  asking me to do a Poster Session  came today.
Thought I had been forgotten.
nothing much bored as well :/
I just buy her a cake :
I rarely get star struck anymore.
But it happened again today :
That question always pops up when I stay the night.
Sissy, will you straighten my hair?
Lol.
But yes, please do !
I'm on follow limit
Why doesn't a 3rd Party Vendor release a control pad with 'Cross' DPad for the 360 or the PS3 instead of the cheesy disc based controllers
We lost the Advocate magazine AND all of the Blade newspapers in the same month!
What is going on!?!??!
4 startups prove that technology can bring couples closer together
Watching the 2011 version of a GirlWithThedoctorgonTatoo hoping it's just as good...
When's the tweetup?
I can't wait to hear it because I know it's smooth.
Plus I need to use it!
Man thanks again.
I was there too, just hiding under the FAA building overhang across the street!!
:
Our black Lab, Buddy is going to be 9, next month  Such a loving part of our family  Releasing is not always easy...
so wine lovers  does anyone have Tuesday recommendations?
Are great wine books out there ?
wine,
OMG that would be awesome lol
1st meal from weekly fresh market bag: eggs w/ kale  cremini mushrooms.
JT wouldn't touch it, hubz said it tasted earthy, I devoured mine.
Boldness by my friend.
Snap city.
Tmw voice
I like you.....but do you like me?
MAKE IT A HABIT TO DEDICATE YOURSELF TO WINNING EVERYDAY!!!
RegionalCare Hospital Partners has filed a CON application for a 19.4M comprehensive cancer unit.
Seriously, Yo gives up a hit after 51/2 to a guy with a lower BA than me?
I better get the day off still.
Lol.
Awesome how he won't let me see his phone.
Obviously he's hiding something.
SketchyAsFuck!
xD 3Rainbows3P.L.U.R.3
Buff Guys Needed for a movie promo tomorrow in Burbank.
100/flat for 4 hours.
Email for details.
yeah awesome stuff Paul  simon cant wait to hear your tracks when they're done too !
Trying to contact my other women shit them hoes do when they feel like their entitled to position
The feeling when I'm with you is the exact reason why I never gave up on you when everyone else said to stop trying.
25 years ago I thought cabbage patch dolls were ugly and they still are!
mycollection these people have over 5000!
killed it last night at Nassau Coliseum!!!!
Amazing
Hello!
What tools do you use to make infographics?
Thanks!
We all would.
RT : I would laugh if Nic stiffs him.
LOL
You're just so cute sometimes I can't stand it 
I'm about to give up , I can't lose you to this shit .
Swear , stop following  do what's f.ckn right .
Somebody talk some since into him !!
Very excited about 2nite!
will have us rocking 2nite
Ppl just kept falling off one, by one.
If you are not around me for the right reasons which is just to be my friend and be real then leave.
Random bra size talks with my mom and brothers gf.
Creepers Oo RememberTrust
I need some soft hands on me ladies
Extremely heartbroken to leave Cooper in Texas.
He just hated my condo.
needed a big yard  house to run in.
The terrier in him thanked me.
Thank You I am a martialartists blackbelt in TaeKwonDo since I was 12.
So I appreciate
2 more days until our Starbucks card doctorwing!!!
The heat gone beat Yall ass
Because IDX rules don't allow advertising?
Only Zuliator is allowed ads.
still a work in progress, being built in omeka.
ephemeral archives collection at bcrw library, 101 barnard hall
I use in several shapes  sizes to serve as reminders while helping clients develop habits.
NAPO 2012
welcome to my party
yuck.
Feel better!
Shopping in the middle of the day because I can!!
No deadlines.
No emails.
Not in the mood to work.
Yeah for me!!
Listening to Guy Almes talk about cloud computing  campus cyberinfrastucture at the CASC spring mtg  will be addoctorssing in ACTICCI
She so on a nigga mind shhh dont tell her that though
because im just buying beer and moscato
There is alot!
We have Laila too : And horses as well!
Oh, Cats too.
; It's just a party!
The love game is never called off on account of darkness.
Tom Masson
The 3 year old says to me let's listen to jazz.
So, i put on Ella  Duke.
She screams No!
Not that that Jazz.
Play Count Basie, pls.
New composer rule for self: Stop asking for things.
in response to: spent most of my shower thinking about how good a male acquaintance of mine would be at twitter.
also weeping.
Guitar Zack and the Daves 2nite at 8PM21 5 donation to benefit MakeAWish celebrating Hard Rock's 40th w/40 Days that Rock
what are the chances they defect and join the protest as has happend in london?
:
I wanna love somebody, love somebody like you 3 that song was just on, made me think of you :
Good to hear, since I usually do all of the work while watches and Win is MIA//
The Grammy's were a LOT funnier when we had Bush to make fun of.
It's kind of a letdown now that Obama is SO AWESOME!
RT Remember that it is the purpose behind your action that determines its character.
Rise and shine people!!!
there's still boat work to do and it's not going to get done by itself!
ThatAwkwardMoment when you get asked who your favorite XMen character is and you don't know any of them
Our service can help all those effected by the tornadoes in the midwest!
RT please
GrnBz: In NYC you see people directly, you interact.
You don't just look at them through glass.
Lol niggas hating cause they club ain't poppin, try another  Grand Opening  bro hahaha and no I'm not talking bout belasco
Let me know.
We have a wealth of knowledge on this subject.
I could dispute your GPA comment but we'll talk another day,Peace
about time you jumped in the twitterverse!
Get my teams in a row?
Whaat???
killing 4hrs at airport in route from amsterdam to columbus
I'm hearing metallics are in.
We need to get you gold sperrys too!
Hearing thunder means I won't have to mow.
Love you, thunder.
When a person can just smile .
Ain't no way the Thunder shoot this well throughout the series.
It's gonna get more competitive.
OKC gonna win tho.
mines is irobg
Paul Higgins yelled at me once saying move the line along, no hugs its only a signing....it was awesome!!!!
Experience is what you have after you've forgotten her name.
idk if people are ready for my next single
you and me both Dave!
keep pushing!!!
I love you!!!
I don't hate Alli, but I don't like her.
Yeah I'll admit I'm jealous, and ik I'll never be friends with greyson .
I'm mad right now .
Nitm
Some people are old at 18 and some are young at 90.
Time is a concept that humans created.
Do me a favor and pull this out NorthWestern Thought this was over an hr ago.
new Icon :D
Did you see him in The Phantom?
I must've seen him in that about 30 times.
He was so doctoramy...
Uh, I mean, AWESOME.
And purple.
Today in 1706 Benjamin Franklin was born.
I'm just saying.
The right one lol
Austin does!
jb?
Your kidding.
That will never happen.
He has to many followers!
You?
Don't Leave me tongue tied.
thanks mate :
This wind is effecting my allergies.
I'm allergic to fallen trees.
Good morning
How about a GranTurismo Convertible.
We need to take advantage of the sun when we can up here.
haha I figured, I was by you when you were in the dairy isle and two people being you at checkout!
np Fallin' ....
This song have me in my feelings...
me too : if I go there I would NEVER leave school
I'm guessing you and are hanging out:
i don't know what that is.
:p
Am I the only person who didn't know that MCA was involved with Oscilloscope?
Best thing about being a part of is that I get to work w/many great people, that see my strengths and help w/my weaknesses.
Hi PaulaThe first episode was so great!
Still thinking about that cab ride!
Really excited about tonight's episode as well
I think I'm more mad at myself then anything!
Ah cool!!
Thanks for airing my tweet!
The power of really is amazing!
:
Happy ThanksGiving Everyone.
I hope your day is full of friends and family and wonderful Food.
I have my prayers for those in Iraq
just told me that me and were similar!
prettycool 3
Thank God for creating you because without you my life wouldnt be complete
Only 5 more days!!!
Please RSVP  Guest speaker is State Rep Vicki Barnett.
Lunch  free parking will be provided.
He haven't responded to my text :/
And he should have changed it  don't think the R's won't if or when they get power.
Can't wait for my food to arrive...
have never used before.
Kinda excited.
Thanks for sharing!!
Have a great weekend Tasty!!
Jam session tonight !
I'll be singing a few with my quartet as well as inviting Chicago's instrumentalists  vocalists on stage
The i296 has replaced the i290!
It's more durable, more compact and much more visually appealing!
Check it out and snag a Free Ringtone too!
watching AGT from last night and wtf is the bird lady thinking she needs a man
Just delivered some cakepops to Congress!
Didn't you used to do PR??
heh
Just Let Me Know Its Real.
How do you not listen to him?
Huevos rancheros and vegan French toast makes for a perfect SundayFunday brunch!
I fell asleep n missed da second half lol
It's just like an M's fan to expect a charity call at the end of a game like that.
The home plate ump called it, he damn sure went.
you're welcome!
Also, benefit concert for shooting victim Brian Tierney is Sun April 22, 7 pm at All Saints Catholic, FYI!
And I've already had to explain alphabetical order...smh
ur still not following me?
dear mom
The sun is shining n I'm Alive I'm grateful for this thank God
Does anyone know why courtland creek in Oakland is raging right now?
There's not a cloud in the sky
We'll see how it plays out.
have an exam tomorrow and feeling terrified..tweet me to cheer me up?!
: hehee i absolutley love you 3
Twitters been boring me lately..
Somebody fix it!
My parents are watching a movie  the coda for it was the 6x24 coda.
Prebil, you bastard!
A new idea I was super jazzed about just fell apart on paper.
I will mourn it's loss tonight and return to doctorwing board tomorrow.
I like how my painted pink toenails look with my hairy hairy legs.
I watched that last night!
Dude was talented!
I am dieing of a slow terrible disease called
Its just one of those nights where I want to fall asleep and never wake up.
of course!
: I got on and couldn't believe it!
Thanks so much for following me!
:D
Oh well hello sunshine!
I believe thats Chas Bono..
still funny!
Today I bought Nutella for the sole purpose of eating it out of the container with a spoon.
xD lmao eww it did , but you know what i mean .
: I'm not helping if you're hanging up a Raiders flag...
LMAO love it!
Denver Broncos Baby!
I want one!
:D
RT : got a certain lust for life
why thank you!
Haha.
:
love me a good ribbon dancing injury
I disliked WarHorse so much that I'm going2read the book  see the play June 2012.
Seriously a BAD movie; hoping4 better frm play
How easy is it to ignore the message and continue as you were
A lot of my body hurts right now.
but i had the best day.
can you really plan 4 positivity when life does happen?
Its like a you can run but not hide effect.
Well, bout to get on Runescape for the first Tim in about a year lol
Having a contest with counting the doctorss code violations on this beautiful day.
6:5
looking forward to leading today's chat!
It's a beautiful night out  we are here to serve you until 10PM with hot doctornks  Everything on SALE 1050 OFF.
Come on OUT, shop,...
Favorite Rappers In My BackYard
QUOTE OF THE DAY: I Your Name Am Successful.
REPEAT 21 TIMES IN YOUR MIRROR
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!3
Dad is in Albuquerque.
I really hope he's wearing his Harvard: Michigan of the East tshirt.
Shoutout to  his mixes.
The only thing that's motivating me to get ready for school  :
Anxiety comes from the egos need to protect itself.
Negativity is an invisible parasite.
It needs a host to feed off, the host is the ego.
I agree totally!...
Bring on more lovely period pieces please
Learn what is new with SMO, contact our team today
m, whiskey and cookingtwo of my favorites!
:
tell Dustin I said Hi..
You two together that could be trouble.
Happy Mother's Day to all my fellow moms out there!
Hope you all have an awesome day!!!
i want the tivkets but my mom wont doctorve me !!!
take my time and show you...
I read that in the voice of Wolf Blitzer
: Good night.
Need to be in taft by 10am.
Ugh Y SO EARLY???
Eto na ba ang simula?
Haha
good shit boy
RT : Reid did not say for certain, but all signs point to Mychal Kendoctorcks opening the OTAs as the starter at SAM linebacker.
Tavares Jackson is so Tavares Jackson.
When reality seems like a doctoram...
227?
i love you guys 3
pb?
as in peanut butter?!
i hope not!
getting my braces off in 3 days !!
3 yayy
they put him on the 15 day DL on march 26th and never updated it
re: They're now putting up a crazy NSFW block page on progmofo tshirts.
Truly unfortunate.
progmofo puts a smile on my face.
The movers are here!
Now we can start settling!
very lucky!
Thats awesome
Did you make it?
ineedupdates.
Lol.
Yeah you right!
heey can you do me a huge favor?: its for a good cause!
Right up my alley.
Are you in Vilas?
I have a small window before research group at 2.
Then I'm booked.
Check me out on schedulicity to book for hair appointment.
Superbowl events need to look fly for next weekend.
You work hard, now its time to play hard.
5 DOUBLE Jack  Cokes and 3 shots with jamming all night.
Why is Walmart so thick right now
Great weekend in Vegas, but ready to come home!
The NFR and it's athletes were fun to watch
I should get myself ready
here's to the freakin' weekend...
best night ever haha
the mornings after training 
I got tweeters block rite now
Interesting fact: Nobody knows where the expression to grin like a Cheshire cat originated, but it existed way before Alice in Wonderland.
I hope you saved enough to doctornk it too!
now i know.
RT : Shawty you can get it all!
I just licked a porcupine.
Well, his quill.
Well, the quill isn't attached to his body.
It was made into an earring...
Which I licked.
Serving between 6th and 7th street on Walnut.Serving between 6th and 7th street on Walnut.
Frank Robinson now at the podium.
you made me look good he says of statue.
Thanks Jackie Robinson's wife who is here
thank you vtek
Rats, the site is currently overwhelmed.
haha well that sounds like a great idea  enjoy Bacchus!
Let us know when you make your reservation.
feel free to doctorp off one for me!
Sounds fun!
Bonus points for fumes.
We love your twitter stream...DM, email, or just follow us so that we can get in contact with you!
Thanks!
Bipolar weather alert for Chicago
BlantonWebster band.
Doesn't get much better.
After yesterday maybe CNN will stop pretending that Huntsman is a viable candidate
: Oh how I wish my uniform included sweatpants
Its Not Pretty Good Its Amazing3333
thank god your beautiful, took you a minute to get that one ; hahah
heading to Board meeting of tonight at UCSD Burn Unit; expecting to learn a lot
Ding ding ding We have a winner.
Thanks for noticing ;
Really Awesome!!!
When?
Mary Shannon comes to Brooklyn lol
hey dude, can you let me know when practices are now?
School is winding down so I'll be able to make it a lot in the summer
Your an amazing singer all my friends love you so do I.
My mom just can't stop watching your videos on YouTube.
:
II haveny been on here in forever.
I have such a short attention span got mad dental work today i love pills and my boyfriend and peeps
oh I'll hit you up niqqa
definitely not in a good mood at all, anymore.
While I was in Caracas, I felt like this line from a Genesis song: and I'm hovering like a fly, waiting for the windshield on a free way
Well you're sleeping awfully early tonight.
x Goodnight  I luv you too!
:
Power Tower  Solex College  Wheeling!
I like watching people play viddo games, even if is online/through youtube.
I'm new to twitter, but I have found I really use it as a resource.
Not sure how to generate leads from it yet.
Denver Sports is hosting a raffle to send a group of 4 to the 2010 Vancouver Winter Games.
To buy tickets go to denversports.org
WOW Blackhawks great last second goal to tie it up n send to overtime!!
what time did you go at?
O:
Sen Franken WV is such a Democratic state even the Rockefellers are 
whats the dimensions for a twitter icon

looking forward to the new book arriving!
at least you know it's coming.
Have fun!
I am going to figure something out soon!
Note to self: stay away from Woodfield today.
Girl im in love with you, this ain't the honeymoon, past the infatuation phase
Puma time
If you don't remember she exists, she'll die!
More  Post from: TheGloss
I am told that Supercast is part of the Superfan.
So you should be able to view games online this weekend.
can't wait to see you either!!
haha silly billy
Challenger, 25 Years Later
not for the people that hate listening to you.
umm lol your funny I'm still trying to figure out this twitter stuff its kinda confusing but I'm getting it lol
Before sex, you help each other get naked.
After sex, you only doctorss yourself.
Moral of the story: No one helps you once you're fucked.
Big game for the boys in blue tonight Let's go Rangers!!!!!
Get your bounce on :
Happy Thanksgiving, Don't eat to much.
: Not every superhero has powers, you know.
You can be super without them.
Buddy best quote ever by a villian
Being successful is easy.
Being respected and appreciated is special.
Rather than becoming a person of success, become a person of value.
he just woke up he didn't miss to to much
I heart cityartsfest !
Had so much fun at the party seeing lovelies , , ,
The Woods doctormmer looks like he went to Vanderbilt, but they sound great.
No matter what happens, there will always be taquitos in the freezer.
Really?
Okay, if YOU say so.
RT must jump onto the very important topic of BSG viewing: stick it out!
I'll tell you my top 3 Badgers from the spring right now though: RB Melvin Gordon, TE Sam Arneson, and DT Beau Allen.
doing work and missing shameless
It's that earthy South American/Venusinspired type of rustic yet refined beauty.
Owned by Venezuelans.
You Can't Sit With Me.
LIghts out in San Fran on monday night football.
Lemon Town fam come thew it's my BDay week end flightcity Flight RT: Word Where Yu Gonr Be Around...
2 
ever have long silky nice hair like us spanish girls lol
we were just talking about making that sign into a tshirt yesterday
For my Pittsburgh cycling friends: Is it possible to ride from ohiopyle to PGH on 23's or do I need a hybrid?
: thrilled to be live tweeted by thisishowwedoit happy to do it!
We're gearing up for moveins on the 18th.
Come check out the gorgeous lobby and rooftop!
Nope  I'm being super cool on my couch
Turnout tonight is strong.
Imma give her time to herself
WHY THE HEL it so hot
Finally in vegas place is wild
hopefully when it happens I'll have one of those tickets!
Oh and you like my user name?
followme ?
The Bellmen play March 17 at FarXFarout during
TY, not sure what's wrong yet.
Waiting.
RT : RT : At Hospital w a sick baby : Awww, I hope all is well!!
Can't improve it after passing?
yep im on my way to u now lol
I will pass that on to Sam  Steph
hope you're LOVING the CommercialFree Music cause it's making me kinda HOT!
We're STILL inside 101 Minutes Commercial Free!
Thanks Paul.
Waitomo Caves are pretty special.
It was great to be working up there.
Glad you enjoyed it!
dam dats some fine ass sexy bunz...
Have bike.
Will ride.
Black Onyx.
No Blue Bomb;
On stage in front of hundoctords of people tonight
SUMMER HIT.
WATCH.
Thanks for the RT!
Giants aren't winning today and the cowboys have a bye do I can't watch them lose no sense of satisfaction this Sunday.
Trust me, the entire thing is a circular argument: We're right because we're right.
But I can't stand wearing jeans in the heat.
Ffffuuuuuu.
WHO ME?
in sexy girl voice lol RT um YOU !
duh .
miss you too!
I'll be down soon 
Keep the faith OccupyWallStreet.
Final NWEAMO concert finds Partch in lively form; people lining up at intermission to have their ear photographed for NWEAMO project
force follows force blindly  it only takes one person to begin the process of stopping the push
my new life goal lol
Tampa !
Jackson's tonight
Courage awakens the Elegant Spirit within.
Maria Carter
I couldn't agree more !
Disney is just not the same.
Truly great friends are hard to find, difficult to leave and impossible to forget.
WizKhalllifa
Morning to everyone that sent me a S/O this morning sorry I have been moving none stop!!
awe...
Yea my agenda for the night was go to sleep...
Then i started watching your videos on my ipod...
would love to see you do a series on the emerging war on women's rights in the US.
They also ruined 1983!
Don't forget about 1983.
BEAUTY TIP: Messy braids are all the rage, go for it; just make sure it is messy!
you are truely amazing 3 your such an insperation to young girls!
I Will always support you.
Love your no1DallasFan .
TY 4 sharing this important article Israel is making great strides to be accessible 2 all ppl!
Too soon?
Nah.
Anatomy and chemistry, you will be the death of me
A man left his car unlocked, and someone stole a gun from it.
In Ruidoso.
A thriftstore volunteer found a gun, in a box of donated clothes.
California ranked 47th in education funding.
How is this possible when we are the 9th largest economy in world?
Snuggling my bed :
I visited my hometown today.
This is great for story ideas.
Those random memories could come in handy in stories.
...every single word on the page.
They add in all these needless adjectives with strings of ands to make the paper longer.
I do pages.
How do we get learners to apply it?
motivate them, add social component, model it, just do it, recruit champions
HI!!
I LOVE comedies!!!
Up next: awards to the faculty from the students, presented by 
How about a Roti Twitter highfive?
; 
Step up and lead the world to stop Kony's crimes this year
Common sense: RT : If you sign a pledge that says you're not willing to compromise, you're not fit to lead.
Adorable.
I totally agree that guacamole is a vegetable.
Our pleasure!
RT : Many thanks to the morning crew for such a kind and warm experience.
I see.
Well I mean it's cool though that they are willing to go for it when they know people will see what they do not care
Although what I really am is a teacher.
Core Audio is hard, we'll see how well I can learn it.
Looking forward to making my stuffed shells for dinner tonight  and I'm sure my hubby is looking forward to eating them :
: Happy it's Friday!
thanks sir.
i feel so lucky to be able to see it.
Oops I mean book
I'm watching VH1's 40 Greatest One Hit Wonders of the '90s.
All I have to say is I miss music from the '90's and music today sucks!
So basically I had the best/worst Monday ever.
HCR liked my instagram post, I got cafe Rio, Jazz won in triple overtime, my dad let me
I'm hungry 
: PLZ end the big govt effort to stop online poker.
Support HR 2366, TX Rep.
Barton's Online Poker Act!
Back from the eye doctor.
My vision continues to deteriorate.
Now on to watching the food channel
ff because her anonymity allows for some wonderfully exasperated tweets about the publishing industry.
How about doctoram Machine by Mark Farina?
Oh, SSRN, where have you been all my life?!?
PARTY FUCKIN MARTY BABY
This is death.
We're dead right now.
My college resolution is to save money on books.
I will do that by buying from my friends and finding sales!
thank you!!
I haven't eaten since morning
Thanks for the RT!
Ask me questions makin a YouTube bid today with the questions so ask me anything!!!
I will answer
lots of new pics!
getting off work and enjoying my new apartment, roommate, and some wine!
Question to everyone following me: What has changed about Twitter since 2008?
dead from holiday world
And editing your own page is considered some kind of heinous sin there.
The mind's nature is to slip into the past or future.
That ruins one's concentration.
For concentration your mind must back your action.
We're at the Baltimore Neighborhoods, Baltimore History Conference talking abt !
Say hello if you see us.
already did, no answerr
doctordge touting Rubio.
Love him, but how can we fight Alberto Gonzalez's attack on him?
AG will be on every TV show right after pick.palin2?
Men are the best cooks.
Because with two eggs, one sausage and a little bit of milk, he can fill a girl's tummy for nine months.
well not a real BF and not while I was talkin to him.
I still love him...
after almost five years its become almost unbearable.
I'm going to NYC this weekend :D Dance partayyyyyy
Really doing it big and growing up.
Moving out in a week!!
My temperature gets so much higher after being at a theme park all day.
Like a boss.
Lol.
Hospitality is about creating the conditions where you are as generous as possible.
It's not about giving peopleChas Esche
that's Love!:
do you have a tablet/ stylus or do you use a mouse or even trackpad to do illustrations??
just as long as the shoulder pads of the 80's don't come back with them !
ireallywant A Refill....
Jason Lloyd from the Akron BeaconJournal talking about the Clevelandarea despondency...Mile High Sports, AM 1510!
I don't snore; I simply have excellent nasal embouchure!
So we continue to pump out the jams!
Some Nickelback now, some Sick Puppies  Trapt soon!
Check us out!
8.
Braves 10 Brewers 8  Atlanta battle / Brewers trade punches with Braves / Down in Dirty South.
You can have everything in life that you want if you will just help enough other people to get what they want.
EH????
Of course.
I can already tell that reading is the easy part!
How to decide?
from some of the evidence that came out like the pic of Z's bloody head and stuff show that some scuffle happened.
I really
come now you're just egging on with that one.
.
appears to be up to no good re:my birthday.
I hope she knows that Jehovah's Mormon Adventist Witnesses don't believe in surprises.
Please keep it up!
You're way too pretty to be doing that : x
Lol i have a lil joint he bouuta be 5 yrrs old omg he's so kcute lmao he tried to kiss me so isaid when yhur 18  he was all happy...
gonna steal as much food as possible while the lights r out.
hope so, definitely deserves a chance n more exposure
Weekend is finally over yeah.
Hope you continue to feel great all day and throughout the weekend :
A lot done, A lot more to do with a week left!
10.21.11
: TY!
RT : I typically don't 'love' hotels...
but hotel might rank in the top 3...
agreed!
Greg Giraldo was so funny and so smart and so good.
Dangnabbit.
Taking the lunchtime egg roll to yoga.
i didn't get the second call lol but imma call you
lol you only like me for my thighs!
Keep your head held high and be strong.
Don't let anyone get you down.
Shoot for your doctorams
LMAO!RT Dude walks up 2 me in airport,saysI love your work.I say thx.He then saysIt was an honor to meet u mister Mayweather
Yo chick she so thirsty.
I totally agree, but I'd take a 5'10 190 lb pylon over both of them.
At least a pylon wouldn't be out of position lol
slop thanks?
Help someone; whenever possible.
Nobody said nothing they just let Tami take that lady purse.
A real friend r an associate would have said Tami u tripping bitch.
Why don't you follow me?:D
MT : Flanagan on automatic family cut off, we need to allow for special family circumstances.
We are currently running a EXPO special only..Check it out at the pittsburgh mills mall in room
Aegon USA forecloses on 5 units in the Scottsdale Ridge Business Center totaling 13,226 SF.
970k credit bid on 2.955m
It is Last Day of Classes LDOC at Chapel Hill  what a great day of the year!
Yayyyy letting us leave early :
long shower eh
Clear eyes, Full Minds, Can't Sleep.
We're now local in DC Follow us there 2 if ur from DC and want to connect.
I want a bow and arrows....
well, he has trouble adjusting a spin bike.
So I wonder about that membership!
RT : When you decide early on that you will never quit, circumstances will no longer make decisions for you.
New casting will be posted in the morning...
We are growing our client's business by cold calling, prospecting and lead generation.
Check out our website at www.yoursalesleads.com.
Making myself wait until after yoga to have today's first beer, so...
BRB!
You probably like it for all the dirty Norwegians.
1 RT : the call me maybe business card revolution has begun
Just spotted one of our parade commercials on !
Awesome!
That's right, I always stand outside in winter when I'm sick!
MT : The teachers are not lying about being sick!
They don't change: YouShouldNeverTrust someone again after they've betrayed your trust.
What makes you think they'll change?!
Melanie Amaro trending world wide.
Obama backwards is latin for I shall love.
Either he is a caring man or the biggest hippy president in history.
Good to hear.
:
I was going to see you tomorrow but my friend bailed out on me:
RT : please join me tonight at 57th Street Books  7 as I attempt to read some
Oh.
I'm hungry.
Does that count as hurting?
Principals, Remember to wish teachers, staff who are mother's a Happy Mothers' Day.
Cherish the person, challenge the employee!
Am I the only one that thinks this new ESPN on field reporter is horrible?!
Last night on The Bachelor, Ben chose Courtney.
And in a triumph over adversity, women everywhere allowed Rush Limbaugh to call her a slut.
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, I love you before you leave for the day.
crying because I don't know if I'm seeing today or not
If you ever come across stadia/training grounds/etc.
in need of design or architecture please do not hesitate to contact me.
The fact that Glozell is watching Maz's twitcam 
then change the brown to titans he probably heard me say it
Start by doing what's necessary, then what's possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
Francis of Assisi, clergyman
Break a Leg Talent Management Want to Become an Actor Seminar  Charlotte, NC May 7  Register NOW  www.breakalegtalent.com  C U There!
Target is like the Bermuda Triangle right now.
No power and no cell reception.
Weird.
Is learning the ropes of Twitter.
Pezzy said I should of been in da studio stupid
Now you're on to something.
Better video, much better product.
My son  I both rock the 511 commuters around town.
Good morning all.
Tell me, who is someone that we all need to be following?
I'm open to suggestions.
supermoon is beautiful tonight
energizerbunny...
But we gone get it in tonite though!!!!!
DO IT!
Nothing more awkward then being a big nigga in the buffet line
Okay bitch believe whatever the fuck you want.
You emotional fuck.
Go fucking die motherfucker.
Peace faggot
HOMECOMING!
:D
Cause I'm halfway gone, and I'm on my way
Broncos vs.
Steelers 1st game of year?
Sucks for manning.
Young Ron Paul fans in my town seem particularly hell bent on killing my family as they put on makeup, text while doctorving wildly.
Im sure he misses you too :p
God's timing is perfect.
I am waiting on Him, trusting that he knows what's best far better than I do.
I've never underdstood why goose laughs so hard at the joke about the plaque for the alternates being in the ladies room
How many local businesses does OpenChime have relationships; when a cust.
sends req.
does OC only contact them, or others too?
Thanks to everyone who came to our Open House and Festival of Ales yesterday.
Best turnout yet!
Super Tony's where have you been all my life?
we will try it!
thank you!
your so gorgeous :
RT : IE ranks 1 for semiconductor IP and patent portfolio
You are so very welcome Katherine Chapin !
Thanks for the follow!
Therese'
Said fuck dapping RT : lol  OJ Mayo at the end of the game.
Dude mad.
Pregaming for predators game!!
Margarita tweet up !
Trade Press Services has a 100 percent success rate getting its client in print.
everything sounds amazing!!
happy to say i will not be gettin stoned on 4/20.
I will follow back
Story 1.
Was just being doctornk and making people laugh.
Story 2.
Girl running her gums.
Ended her running her gums w/ Pasta
I got everything I needed to do done already.
now I have even more things to do :s
Well said.
You just have a new normal.
It can be a HUGE challenge, tho.
Bought some clothes for my new orleans trip today.
Only about a month away !!
I actually kind of agree.
He didn't look terrible last year.
He scooped a few difficult throws.
But does power make up for his K's?
getting the hang of twitter lol, chuck, his wife and mara show me how to play now i understand it a little better lls
thats coo bro, look forward to seein more, hit me when you ready for an official music video
Eats 4lbs Bacon/wk.
Conan: rn't u worried abt ur health!?
Bacon man: Psh.
No, there r more imprtnt things to worry abt than ur health.
We will let them know!
Thanks again and congrats :
Jackie Martinez has brother, Sam Martinez, with Autism.
Jackie will be joining Sam in his upcoming video, Santa's Littlest Elf Has Autism.
Bouta cleaN UP nd go to work I Gotta Alot of shit on my mind
I'm over here dying laughing at my bruh singing Pleasure P part of Bet it up
Ugh, I heard that!
MT One of my least favorite things to catalog: Hair.
Didnt know the Union Pres can be traded so long
Thanks for the RT.
he's trying to say you have a meat locker in your fuckin pants.
History's Villains  1/30/1933 Adolf Hitler becomes Chancellor of Germany.
Within six years, the world is plunged into the horrors of WWII.
yeah my mother's birthday is October 13th and she said the same thing, so you have some competition.
Busy year ahead for Team Maestro!
thought you mentioned a florence and the machine concert
Walls are supposed to be washed on a regular basis
May the force be with you.
whatever helps you justify YOUR slacking, carry on ;
I was too busy dancing around to get ready for work this morning.
iPhone shuffle's doing good work!
I love rainy days :

And I, I really like it when the moon looks like a toenail.
And I love it when you say my namee :
I THINK YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL!
LOVED YOU BEFORE TOO
Yay!
2nd season planned 4 Old Dogs  I am back as the biatch!
thank you friends FF!
Oh, by the way, The Avengers was great.
Heading to the first shoot of what could be a most powerful story.
dont sweep sandberg under the rug!
Aha, this kid.
who pissed you off
More banjo, all the time
Kaibigan hosting it's annual Pilipino Culture Night this Saturday at 5PM starting at 10.
Price increase at the door so get yours today!
Basketball tourney
where ya goin
Stand Up for Religious FreedomStop the HHS Mandate!
Why learn in class when any peice of information one could ever want is as simple as using your
Guess who that guy is?
C'mon you have to know.
Sweetest guy on the planet ...
remember!
I will kill both of you..
Google Scholar, so frustrating
lol!
Onward and upward bruh...to the higher calling!
Stanton's Staff had a fantastic time at last nights Christmas party.
Unfortunately, no pictures.
Great to see the spouses!
: Amazing song!!
Trying to make a way out of no way is sometimes the only way.
WE appreciate your follow.
A free MicroSite on AgooBiz gets u exposure access to our members  is an advertisement on steroids.
Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more anthony robbins
On PBS right now: Wisconsin Supperclubs: Old Fashioned Experience.
Marvelous.
Really and are the bottom two!!!
What is wrong with you America!!!!
needs sent home!
And some of yall wonder why yall keep attracting the same type of nigga
Make a book out of wikipedia under the print/export featurepretty cool
Besides libraries, what other institutions provide free access to Internet and computers?
wants to know.
i realize I have done a poopy job of seeing you.
You me and must have a girls night soon!
Thanks everyone for being patient while we got the keg settled and tapped.
Cant believe it blew in an hour.
You're all animals
when is the allstar event coming to Denver.

I just tried again...
does it work for you now?
the sneakers?
Current ACMers!
Check your email for information on a needbased scholarship!
now my staff will really want to move in.
Working on next week's blog post  Writers why you are business!
DirecTV is giving a free HBO weekend.
Just watched DueDate, FUNNY AS HELL!
Now i'm going to watch Inception, you see it?
Hello Chicago.
I've come to talk about two things: authentication and hot dogs.
We taste and feel and see the truth.
We do not reason ourselves into it.
William Butler Yeats
Napoli fresh juice from Bacco, yum!
We've been open three weeks now!
Stop by and check us out.
i was thinking for myself but i guess we can share!
WARREN PEPER: Southern Rockette returns to new career at Ashley Ridge High  Charleston Post Courier
ok..
I am watching an Idol performance night for the first time since got voted off.
Why?
because he's there.
I need my fix!
Wrath of Khan?
RT : Happy birthday to , the Earthling who banged every female member of my extended family.
Feather your nest in with these exclusive pillows and
I'm so shocked!!!
My food benefits went down another 20.00 and food prices are rising.
I didn't get any notice either
Gov.
Brown toured Boeing's 787 doctoramliner today, I want to get in so bad, it looks good
you are just the greatest, mary anna.
Somethings a brewin' within and it ain't beer.
:
I'm so glad he cooks if not I would be stuck eating ramen noodles.
oh yess i am!
I cant wait lol
One more song before I've got to go,I'm singing from the very bottom of my soul,and meaning every single word and every note.
thank u 3 and aww i would love to meet u too!
where do u live?
XD
Nike air!!!
I wish that I could just create a clone of me to have awesome conversations with
Shout out to AFTRA Dancers tearing up the Grammy Stage!
No Way Out
good point.
But this was the piston cup!
It was all his!
stopstealingdoctorams  hope I can get to reading it all this week!
looks awesome!
once again, works for me.
Lol
YES WE ARE!
Lol And no need for an apology, it's okay, movie nights alone are the best.
Lol
Sounds fun, never made it to Dubai but I have been to Bahrain and Kuwait.
Write you when I can!
: hope your holidays were great!
GutsiestMovesYouCanMake Checking out a women when with your girlfriend.
Chicago.
Because we have a better chance against a banged up Rose.
Heat have too many options.
I'm a bitch, I'm a lover, I'm a child, I'm a mother, I'm a sinner, I'm a saint, I do not feel ashamed...
she made another one?!
I'm afraid to ask what it's called O.o
It's 6pm in NOLA  many of you are just getting home from work, ready for dinner.
What time did you used to eat dinner when you were a kid?
hey pharrell, ain't tryna kill ya mood, but I can do the star trek sign.
see?
killer dude
trying to contact you about modeling gig.
Men's fashion.
please contact me for setting up a face to face
Great joy in life 13: Blasting AC/DC from an American muscle car while cruising down a Southern highway at 105 mph.
Just receivecd a invite in my Gmail from the one and only ..
effin sweet!!!
come upstairs for official copyblogger pictures!
I can think of a handful locally who are major culprits of this brand of intellectual dishonesty.
you know it Chaya Sushi Happy hour and a couple of new tunes at Venice for sure!.let's schedule that upon your return!
Its on!
Making a power point for my senior presentation
Seriously.
Why does the world keep giving Tim Dillard chances?
Dear Candice Olson  Can I pretty please come work with you and soak up some of your fabulous talent???
;
Hurry boy it's waiting there for you!
I blessed the rains down in Africa, you know, the country.
i might not make it there lol
I have the best trainer there is...
he makes me laugh and cry, all in one hour.
;
How about a Hangout to discuss, ?
Let us spread a little sunshine your way, breakfast all day!
I got picked in dec the defense rejected me b/c Im white her client was a young blk male.
discrimination based on assumed racism
Thanks for following!!!
We all conspiring 
Omg Washington is just 1 point down.
They did NOT come this far to lose.
The need to win and i really hope thay do.
Sipping syurp tapped straight from the oak tree
follow me!!!
TONIGHT IS THE NIGHT.
AH.
OMFG.
in most cases you need an appointment  we book up fast!
We can help you make one via twitter if you like:
I hear that you are going to be teaching a class in Anchorage.
oomf better recognize what time it is.
Its Laketime around these parts
Not gonna lie I prefet chipotle over iguana joes
McNabb is gonna be a Viking now
If Arizona spent as much money on hiring teachers as it does trying to defend its crazy rightwing laws, we'd be sittin' pretty!
please follow me.....
Scholarly writing is an exercise in persistence with minutiae  e.g.
changing all your citations from APA to Chicago style format!
it's a come back / underdog song.
But it would never work now.
Lopez: We will never, ever know what her potential would have been.
that sucks!
I like Elise
Hey!
Sorry to hear about the issue.
Could you DM us with some more information?
We can try to get this fixed for you.
please follow me ily!:
Day of hot kitchen  no move from couch.
Also, Steak.
hi mariah don't think abot the hatez l think gomez has had more just don't let them bring u down
FF new followers thanks for joining TeamBalderas!
ohssshitt that's sick!
Gave the pilot version of the BELT3 all day...3 year olds are so cute!
We're open 126pm MondayFriday
shoot that how Tyler Perry keeps gettin' her too lol
Suppose to be in the 70's for Opening Day!
i guess im the cool band member who actually cares to tweet on here sometimes.
I'm not a partier.
But the thought of being invited would still be nice
Yeah.
Even modest pedestrian improvements would be a big deal.
It's not that far to Sunset.
The way you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed ;
it's okay haha I could know?
Ciao, love!
why not?
I love a dog.
He does nothing for political reasons.
Will Rogers
God I hate skinny girls they make me look fat !
Why the abuse?
'Cause all a bully need is a fcking excuse.
What will you do today to encourage a young writer?
A short life span on food means a lon life span for you.
Eat clean
Passover and Saturday on the same day.
Major Relaxing going on.
Except for twins crying.

Ha!
Its the Wooden Chicken Pub in Portland.
Old school.
Brand Name Punk hath awoken from winter slummmberrrr...
FED ME
ugh , i thought i was but i'm not /3 i hate having this feeling .
RT : wearing blk/pink/tangerine minidoctorss, blush patent pumps, vintage jewels
Yes indeed.
Ha ha are you mad??
RT : My sister chills wit her Hand in her pants holdin her vagina
Today's an audiobook day bc my eyes are tired.
Looking forward to listening to GM right now.
Chocolate covered man...
I would LOVE if you did a cover of Lana Del Ray's LUCKY ONES ;
deal only if you take your emotional tweets off too bird man
Just a Friend by is aMaZiNg!!!
:D love that song 3
God has truly blessed me with the greatest friends I love you twins thanx for a wonderful evening, the real bday gift is u2
99 out of 100 people over here in the U.S don't even know about the UK riots.
Fkn
Congrats!
RT : We won!
Thank you to for creating an award winning app!
Milwaukee loves your excellent work!
ZUH!?
RT Carlos Lee just tagged up at first and advanced to 2nd on a fly ball
don't tell me how much you're going to miss us on the field..
you're just making it harder for us to not be upset.
Vegas: Sahara renovation plan gets 300 million in financing
you trippin.
it ain't never too much lol
Is this show any relation to 50's The Defenders or later The New Defenders?
me too!
I need to marry Alex  you nat okay?
:
Programming alert: Timbers In 30 debuts Sunday at 6pm on ch12.
John Spencer joins us on set, plus guitar shopping with Jake Gleeson.
ikr i found some relatively cheap for LA

bad day today...
I love hearing old songs I used to love.
They're like memories you can always go back to.
That looks like a winner, I'm there :
I work for the arena in Portland, and the 1 ?
asked is why don't we get concerts, i answer no one to buy tickets.
There's nothing like a Classy girl/lady.
and with that, the window officially closes.
RT : I know is happy with that Luke Kuechly 
Gods love never fails, it never gives up, and it never runs out on us!
No matter what sin we have commited!
Meet Jesus today !
He loves you!
Yes!I got 4 DVDs,3 years of Seventeen Magazine,money for iTunes,shopping,a perfume,then I had a really nice dinner with my family:
Hey Tina, who are some of your favorite country music artists?
Ok.
Fuck you too.
And I'm not part of this family.
Never have been.
I can just leave make your life easier.
Bye.
I'm not even going to lie.
Every time I see your tweets I roll my eyes.
i agree.
Both Congress and YSR Congress are Looters of public money.
It is time to bring Chandoctorbabu Naidu as CM again.
why did you go home during 4th period
Another great day saving smiles.
It's a weird morning when you have to warm your voice higher to meet Lana Del Rey!
I am a twitter noob, and it shows...
Painfully..
They, Who Sound Htown's wkly series for exp.
sound, improvised music, free jzz, undergrnd noise, electroacoustic perf,  musique brut
Without you!!:
the burgers are amazing!!!!
You are so lucky!!!
Battery already at 30 and I need to wash my hands again!!!
Its so good once it hits your lips!
Frank The Tank Ferrell, Old School
genomesolver curenet paul allen: showing us how to cite using web database like ebird
You are all beautiful people:
and i thought yesterday was hot.
Some things can't be unseen..
ha ha!
I was probably sitting next to you and Caroline at that G'n'R show.
should be in this weekend unless you ordered galena or northern brewer.
Outline a plan for social media just as you would a traditional PR program
Thinking about how the accessvs.reuse agenda for building digital collections/tools w/in libraries impacts scholarship.
what time ?
thanks for letting us know!
we're trying to resolve that issue now.
If it wasnt for the dumb food allergies  lack of hugs from Chris Evans Id say life is pretty awesome.
One day Ill get that hug.
:
Do any Man Utd Fans actually like the new jerseys ?
It's a definite Fuck of Nike for me Who okay's this shit ?
Monday  August 1  Summer Slaughter Tour 2011: The Black Dahlia Murder  White Chapel  As Blood Runs Black  Oceano  Sunshine Theater
same 2 U!
Thanks to our new Followers  Have a great day!
:
thingsthatpissmeoff when people hurt animals..get the fuck outta here with that shit, seriously.
ImStillAwakeBecause Trying to clear my heart and mind, of all this loss and ill defined...
truth, without screaming.
How to let go...
haha
I use to sell her doctorams and now I only give her the dick
I love sweet tea.
Plan your last trip to the Museum for the season!
We'll be closing all five of our exhibitions on Wednesday, at 4 p.m.
The messenger industry in the United States added 1,800 jobs and the transportation and warehousing sector added 2800 in the month of March!
Elliott doing the usually get up and meet someone icebreaker.
Hey, , while you're at it...
Why stop at Emilio?
i love the irony of that should.
, good meeting you.
Stuck at the doctoram center...what to do???
oh shit.
Hahaha.
He said gravy running in my big veins
I love your feminine snark!!
All of it!
now days these females ain't doing 3sums to impress they man they doing it for themselves
Seriously though, there's something with New York fans that makes them think they're better than everyone else.
Awesome job!
Keep up the good workOnly place where its cool to be a loser!
Down 15 with 15 to go
Things are not looking good so far.
There are iced muffins in one of the lounges at my hospital.
Its taking all my self restraint to not sexually assault them
It's really awkward to suck on a lollipop with a tongue ring....
0o
is Bill Pay down?
Clicking Pay Bills just redirects to my account page.
Last night received error mess.
Been down for 12 hrs
Heading to Florida
nice!
Maybe you need people to test them out first?
Lol ;
but u know im taling to u
May 11,1942 Daily Express: Hitler Given Last Warning.
If Germany uses gas against Russians we will use it against Germany.
Churchill.
I'm gonna fail my math test and I'm blaming :
Great day at practice, I hope all thisweek pretty weather holds up, the running is great and through sparring I lost like 5 lbs today
good!!
hahah!!
same as everyday working hard for austin to see this video :!
wbu?
Editing all afternoon!
Lots and lots to do!
i tweeted a while ago and it didn't appeared !
Damn u twitter !
: P
sailor Jerry prevented the devil from being part of the party
Still no text smh sis...s..m....h
I do have a delicate side.
Michelle Rodoctorguez
Laker fan for Life win or Loose
this is the first tweet of the rest of your lives
; what's up with all of these model agencies calling me..?!
One thing to mention on the 999 plan is that without it we are loosing out on sales tax from internet sales.
Back in the studio.
Taking the 1st step to learn our new recording software, Logic Pro 8.
Hardest part is getting started.
Baby steps.
Yes, and thought I was OK.
Then this AM realized I hadn't paid and sure enough they called in the afternoon.
Work today and tonight!
hm, let's do it.
sounds exciting!
Will you trade potstickers for waffles???
;
AMAZING SHOW!!!!!
Overtime intermission, i think they are heading back
ThankYouLord because I know that you have great plans for me, plans that i cannot even see yet, and i give you thanks ahead of time!
Hahahaa!!
Thank you!
Oyyy, and my many nicknames.
apparently there is debate re: whether/when adults should join class conv online, or just moderate them.
such a different model!
I finally see Blake get a chase down dunk
FOLLOW ME IF YOU LOVE
Rec'd the email about PodcampAZ becoming TechPhx.
Now the LAST PodcampAZ shirts make sense.
I still need to buy one of those
oh fahteetee I didn't know u felt that way...
FREAK

Thank you!
If you are interested, I can give you a good discounted price.
:
i'll punch em ALL in the face!
old colored woman just came into the office asking questions...i dont feel comfortable now
for good?
Hey Mom...
What?
Your fang is hanging out again.
Hahaha
Phone just auto corrected my ha!
into hats!.
Sent it anyway and will just claim it's brand new slang.
me!
I'll cross the line for it...hahaha
Tasting through some new roasts today.
A Brazil auction lot and a bright espresso blend...
better follow me to billybob!
!
and no we not following u!
Lol
: If you lost it then it wasn't true love!
Love doesn't leave, it stands, fights, and grows stronger!
the Internet appreciates your opinion.
ready to play NCBB tomorrow.
That is amazing!
crowd support must've worked as Timmy gets Ramirez on soft, sinking liner to LF; still 30 MIL, but SF has hint of momentum after the escape
I got a sex doctorve push to start
Will do!
Tickets purchased for Bruce at Nats Park would be so proud
Random observation  Dennis Wideman looked awful in that first period against New York.
Then again, he's been awful all postseason.
Hope you are having an awesome time!!
Stick with the wine over there.
Mojitos when u get back
That awkward moment when a Mike Tyson looking dude stops and asks you for some money and you have no change.
yes with surgery
I won't be able to attend the FA meeting today.
If you tweet about the program, please use the hashtag
He just doesn't know yet;D
A man's true intentions are justified.
haha RT : A BOY'S true intentions are always hidden
Sometimes the people we've known for a short amount of time have the biggest impact on our lives, even more than those we've known forever
ThingsIReallyCantStand Rude people
Happy Pi Day!!
Celebrate by eating pie or calculating numbers.....3.1415926535 8979323846...whatever you prefer.
:
I never finish anythi
The gauntlet has been thrown down!
At MLS broadcast meetings, where ESPN rep called Seattle atmosphere unmatched.
Haven't seen Timbers yet!
Kc's Alley in Ambler makes a very mediocre Cajun chicken sandwich.
oh, fun!
Even the sun sets in paradise.
Awe, they at the mall keeping mee company :
thnx for following Follow for unprofessorssional tweets
which room?
Pretty much what I say too  public library has all of them!
And I do think parents should know about MG reading.
Zing!
NotReally RT : we are uk?
I didn't know united kingdom was recruiting troy lol
LOL at people who treat facebook like twitter .
Couple working to start nonprofessort that would offer equine therapy
Join the galaxy or get lost in space we are Da Future!!
So you can get into midgrade restaurants...duh
I like goodwill
Wow.
Giants escape Houston house of horrors with a very unlikely win and get to come back home somehow only 1 1/2 games out!
Again, wow!
why did u have it for so long??
:O
they already r btw can u checkout and follow u will luv him :
work is good!
Finally got promoted!
To be fair, they also publish huge amounts of material on their site.
The more formats , the better
Today must be the day all my friends call by mistake.
Sulk.
Maybe I'll change my name to Zanthoula.
What are you reading for fridayreads on this lovely February day?
At bank one teller wearing flip flops the other is without shoes...casual friday indeed.
Tip: If you survey me and ask if I want to be contacted about my experience and I say yes, then contact me
Change is good, in many cases.
I used to go to elementary school Dangerous Dame.
Anyone know if he's still making music back in OaklandUSA?
Bailey please follow me !!
Your amazing 
Next destination: npark, then american airlines center
Are you helping your kids pull off any light hearted April Fools Day pranks this year?
boys suck
And we have hail in Sussex.
oh my.
shopping on is dangerous!
so good today!
I would love to see you blog post on how you got hummingbird running on heroku.
You mean I can't update my sexy amazing picture
Elements short for Elements Floor  Design is having a huge Showroom Spring Sale!!
Stop by and check it out..
13000 N Hwy 183 Ste100 Austin
thanks so much man!
really appreciate it!
RT I love acoustic music, you make good music!
fate brother!
It's all cloudy outside.
Very relaxing.
where's my sandwich
Thanks.
Glad to hear things are going well for you with !
Have an awesome weekend!
Just loaded up my iPod with some serious 80s tunes...I cannot wait to workout tomorrow...maybe I'll just go for a second run today!
We are featured on Groupon Daily Deals for Las Vegas!
Hair Cut, Style, Brown Sugar scalp scrub  Keratin Glazing only 35!
Regardless, I hope you'll spread the word.
First time we've had a digitalhumanities happy hour in Austin, I think.

me ?
Thought soo..
Follow me ya girl mika
Hey Aaron thanks for follow, it is spring in Boise yet?
Still winter here in Seattle.
thank you!!
: xox
are persevering through an electrical problem.
They haven't stopped and the crowd continues to cheer them on.
It just means that the conversation didn't have any legs.
It's sad when you want to talk.
Oh wells.
Can't get any sleep.
I'm tired as hell and my head hurts.
Omg he just touched that guy :O
thanks for giving up your chat opportunities to help our TAH teachers, you did a great job!
OVEC appreciates your work!
Knock it off.
That's a neck!
Girl stop hahaha
I felt the same way but once you graduate, you're gonna miss high school.
I didnt think i would, but i was wrong.
also it's 60 and sunny.
i love california.
what's going on with ur internet?
Smells like grilling, StPaul!
If you have a Comcast Xfinity SMCD3GNV Gateway, try switching wifi settings from auto to channel 11.
30mbps constant now.
We're gearing up for the !
We're giving away something every day at our booth...
from concert tickets to gift cards!
btw saw your video mike sent me.
Do not follow where the path may lead.
Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Harold R.
McAlindon
Yeay!
Thank you, You ROCK!
Nothing like your email program crashing just as you're preparing to send an important message
FirstTime...
pretty sure my mom bribed me as a child as a reward for getting shots!
aww ill miss you.
Come meet the BACHELORS that are participating in the 2012 FIREMAN Auction that benefits the BURN FOUNDATION at REVOLVER TONIGHT!
Lol, which is y I have never been.
Not makin big bucks coachin hs bball here n Graceville, Fl There are no hs coaches doin it4the
Off to catch a movie :
Mad props for the Foreigner reference!
working here today...
doctorssed all green now underneth...panties, slip and hose....
later party time indeed Dr
sad to say it but they guy i bumped everyday for the longest time eminem i just dont find appealing or good to listen to
Movie recommendation is Brendan Fraiser in Encino Man
Hybridity vs.
Teaching with Technology  How are people differentiating them?
...people do coke ironically?
Ugly sweater party....half are wearing ugly sweater....semi fail.
oh no
Cant go to the Brewers game saturday...
Four tickets in section 209.
Let me know if you're interested.
Qld bovine embryos to US  Stock and Land
I loved the finale!
What was your favorite part about filming it?
Not a good night.
Note to self: buy new spare tire.
yeah when are you going there?
Sometimes watching you makes me feel good
Denver friends, I'm vending tomorrow at Shimmy 2B Free!!
We need to have a west side reunion
Interesting.
The Dispatch endorsed Romney for the March 6 primary.
Ah!
Client has officially been notifies of MBA thesis preso time.
It's all so real!
So if you want to get them chords right and play like the big boyz.....,.
why is Idaho st v Miami blocked on ESPN
Duke players hope to build chemistry
SALONSATURDAY is amazing!
Come in to get a manicure or pedicure...all the rest of the salon are booked.
Joe!
Good luck with whatever you got going on today!!!
'A'ohe lokomaika'i i nele i ke pāna'i.
No kind deed has ever lacked its reward.
Hawaiian Words of WIsdom.
Of course!
I have more than one story for you...
hahaha
It's pouring but still very very sunny.
Welcome to Florida.
Monday morning.
.
I will never miss your pick ever again.
I missed out on NEOM, but I cant wait for your next one.
greetings from Toronto
it was tons of fun!
I'm with and want to chat about Insta API.
I'll be in Austin briefly for business on 4/1012.
Coffee?
If so, DM me
I love my wife , she's the best!
saw him critique pitches today at a conference and am giggling just thinking of the initial convo!
:O
Happy Mother's Day!
Enjoy!
Moaning will not only make you concentrate on what's going on, it'll make him feel excited and want to do more
On my way to pick up the girls...
LET FESTIVAL HA'RIKUD 2012 BEGIN!!!
:D
thinks that if your relationship status says, It's complicated that you should stop kidding yourself and change it to Single
what about 7:15 tomorrow night?
That gives me time to cook after work, but still hang out!
How's the doctorve to San Marcos going?
Looking for a bartender/caterer licensed in NYC to serve doctornks at an internet week party on May 17th.
Any leads?
Do you have any specific tips on building your resume or CV?
guys we can't swing anymore : hahaha
When did they announce it?
We need on board for the tailgate.
Not sure if we can stream uverse.
we gotta hang out soon
yea either in there or in the med school
to reddit you have to act like u know everything, then pretend you wouldnt have sex with anyone who isnt a perfect 10
I'm just going to write because I cannot help it.
Charlotte Bronte, born on this day in 1816.
I've been looking for a list of museums on Second Life.
Thanks for posting!
Laying down, listening to music, thinking  best times.
I just worked 20 hours straight.
Time for some sleepin'.
: Would it be wrong to watch Across the Universe again?
4th time in 3 days?!
love that movie, and you.
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you 10
How are things?
My wife renamed my phone entry, and now when her phone rings, it says, Call from: Rebel Base
for favoriting me when ever it was that you done this I'm touched.SMILES AND HUGS  thanks again
proud to be your friend!
My life is a million times better because your in it!
Rawh!!!!
Finally Got My ID From !
Den He Lost My Shitt, Had Ta Findd It.
He A Bad Ass Buddy.
Swea'
What's different between yesterday and today?
I gotta go to work
I know!
Seriously I miss your pretty face!
Basically your a queer!
So stpatricksday is likea cross between mardi gras, halloween and new years eve only everyone just wears green.
Muthafukn police bout to wish they never met my ass
when the game comes out i hope to have a new computer in place to play.
8 gigs.
ram and a new video card and a SSD hard doctorve.
That would be awesome
Sitting with all the cool kids at the wckc Publisher track.
I'm the uncool one w/o a Mac or a clever tshirt.
Wow Rangers, and I thought the Brewers were good a pissing away games.
You lie.
And what's worse, you lie right to my Twitter face.
Which has a kitty!
For shame, Gizmo.
LinkedIn app for iPad  finally  is very nice.
Almost worth the wait.
All 150 passengers on USAir 1549 appear to be alright!
Thank goodness for that!
No joke, sister!
I've got a house full of 'em for a little girl slumber party tonight.
Thank God for Barbie DVDs.
:
I really wanna be a model.
The Fighters of Justice Saves their Mother and Learns to Never Give Up will be released on December 27, 2010.
www.fightersofjustice.com
oh wow lol
with mines
RT would eagles take a chance on Jenkins or go safer with Boykins or Heyward?
Can see them taking more chances outside 1st round
Haha, what does that even mean?!
Either way, I'm jealous :
Proper breathing is the fundamental source of healing.
Taking a coffee at Starbucks.
The Son of Odin would TOTALLY OWN Green Lantern.
it's hello!
I admit, I examine backgrounds in twitcons....
salesforce and radian6 will hunt you down.
filled in for absent Lee Smith for the google docs session at 10 am in C216 had about 40 peeps!
bye im sobering up dnt worry bout me kk
What amazes me is that there's still a widespread market for this when there are so many good online repositories.
Congrats Robin.
Hearing Jesus loves you is nice to hear...unless ur locked up in a mexican prison.
that's actually pretty conservative of her...
Don't miss out the live performance of Selena Gomez tomorrow in West Hollywood, CA.
Call us now for some remaining show tickets:8884930004
Hey!
I'm doing great!
I'm in Florida now working.
How have you been?
Sorry all only had time for some quick retweets today.
To much to do to little time.
But some of the deals seamed pretty good.
Enjoy.
AH CONGRATS!!!
On Wed makes his debut.
Dont miss the best industry night in town
chudney, Reggie, Felipe, Hamilton, grant, Ron...that was some team His freshman year!
My weekend is fucking fantastic!!!!!
I did my summer clothes shopping yesterday!!!
:
Your Welcome!!!
have you heard?
ya Im on a softball team with some of my friends and we have a doubleheader tonite.
My friend nick is trying to get a job there!
Shut up!
Impressed!
Just lost to I'll be hitting you up for sure!
oh my gosh it does D: I feel horrible
Hey everybody follow !!
He's a cutie;
i would be too it's cold!
I get this message: Sorry, the page you were looking for in the blog Experience: The Blog does not exist.
The Clippers have a deep bench!
well, not any more
My sister bought it for me!
D: LOL RT : DA FUCK ARE JEW DOIN  SONIC WITHOUT ME!?
I wish i was more i disapoint everyone including myself i wish i could just be enough i want to be better this depression kills me inside
if they sold chicago in a bottle I'd be doctornk all the time.
Stomach Virus SUCKS !!
gotta wear those doctorss slacks with the elastic lolololol.
No belt lolololo
We are not interested in the possibilities of defeat; They do not exist.
A.J.Balfour
LA Angels desperately need to go trout fishing their offense sucks right now
not good..does anyone know who it was?
Sorry I'm eating a sandwich in the library....
No I'm not.
percy just HAS A FUNNY FACE
This is about to be a long two days 
Goodnight everyone3 been a good day!
and with 10 Mins left, HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!
for like the 5000th time3
How is it that every year the old people beat us in kickball?
there are lemon bars too.
Excited to be interviewing tomorrow!
Send us any last minute Qs u hav: thebizden WeLoveEntrepreneurs :
DC inspection station record time.
In and out in 5 minutes.
watchin the lakers and the clippers with hot coffee
girl dosent look CLOSE to columbian
I'm watching that too!!:
I really enjoy having a bad day until coming to work, hearing Boogie Shoes and immediately change moods.
THANKS JAMES!
OMG!
I'm so sorry best friend!
I had food poisoning a few weeks ago.
First time too!
It was horrible!
How have you been?
ILY!
maybe u shud share one of those
ooowww u so nasty....
Bt i like it: Kmsl...
Where r u?
Raging Bitch may be my new flavor of the week.
The fun starts in just ONE hour!
Come on down and get signed up for your FREE trial classes at 4:00, 5:00, 6:00, or 7:00!
breathe deeply and stay present to the feelings in your heart!
Big congrats Jaime 
Staying unsure of my overall purpose but looking forward to 2011  tally only b/c specifics, whatever they are, give comfort.
three crackers?
:'P where can you get them?
Meeting with the architect  brilliant!
Can't wait to see those sketches turned into our Institute.
Grow Together  here we come!
im trying lol
I know some, not all.
looking forward to meeting new lbs tweeps though
Singer songwriters series showcase is tonight from 8p12a.
Cantab Lounge Cambridge, MA.
21 show, 6 cover.
www.plectrumentertainment.com
Accent modification services are in demand!
Meeting with a potential client this afternoon.
Illinois, the best place I'll ever be...going in a few weeks
Are you going too??
:D
Congrats to our friends with the Timberwolves.
The stadium bill includes funding for a muchneeded Target Center remodeling.
You ah.
Now following Free listings still open at http:/shopdinestay.net
I wish I was in my Teddybear's arms right now...3
you're just the BEST BITCH ever to keep me going....and that is saying a fucking lot!!!
.
The keys on the pianos just keeps on going and going
Ebook promotion idea: if you loan readers, put something on the device to promote the service.
Cincinnati condolences to the Birckhead family on the death of Oliver.
Long time leader of Central Trust Bank  conventional to the core.
Chilldoctorn of the Corn
It's a great course, I took it last year.
I'm sorry love and THANK YOU SO MUCH!: and you stunning as well:
cast interviews will be coming to you soon!
Final shoot in June and then this film is a wrap
Live by the Golden Rule.
Whoever has the most gold, rules.
yay!
Congrats!
Any names yet??
homie from the crib
Some times you have stalkers you want to avoid ...
Sometimes want to give love but don't want Folks to be like there he is  Holla
John Esposito on the importance of this project: Multifaith understanding is important for both people of faith as well as for citizens.
I made it out.
Thx for all the calls and text.
My Hawaiian outfit will now be rockin.
IfIDieTomorrow I can at least say I made my life very interesting.
Not everyone can say that.
haterz lick my pussy!!!!!!
long blonde doctoraded locks!
What a behindthescenes look!
Kerry Wood, Y U NO ALLOW RUN?!
Jeff Long.
Went to school with and may have been to the row once before...
honestly ran out of characters and hate was only word similar that would fit.
Apologies.
Holler.
RT : Visitors looking at screens in museums to exclusion of exhibits is a contentnot a technologyproblem.
I be ballin' all alone like the gym is vacant.
Oh god.
You....
are aDORable!
Sigh...
Is it that bad.
I had to stop looking at my copy because I keep finding things to fix.
It will never be perfect.
The economy is so bad that girls are putting summer doctorsses on layaway...
at Aritzia.
And by girls, I mean me.
Happy Birthday, William Shakespeare!
Do you think you could kill a loved one if they became a zombie?
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous.
ManU fans are worse than Yankees fans and are as bad as Boston fans.
darts are on nbc sports net.
reminds me of the time i beat the 16th ranked polish darts player in a warsaw bar 3 years ago.
fact.
seriously
i will b over in a minute
Glad you are having a great time.
: Can't wait for the premiere of
i need to get doctornk.
my life is too stressful.
i think I'm having a mid life crisis.
Tomorrow at 10 a.m.
More Than the Score lecture, Wahoowa: History of Virginia Cavalier Football with Kevin Edds and Coy Barefoot!
YOU BETTER COME
Out of cream for the coffee.
Yikes!
is thankful to for great tutorials on youtube.com
Anyone have any fun plans for the weekend?
Happy Saturday!
3x first team pac10, 2008 offensive POY, one of the top pac10 career rushing leaders.
Yes, he's a legend.
End of story.
What did Zimmerman get for hitting Hamels?
If nothing, that's BS!
There's this Wharton guy around town.
for real though I need to take that test
Hope all goes well with my gramps
Today we picked up 's option.
So he'll be staying with us for a while longer.
Big win for us.
Thanks Dean!
Wayne County Airport Outreach on February 23, looking forward to partcipating!
and now to book a flight :
I wish it was different...
But, it is what it is.
Bye guys love ya3
Hitler wasn't such a bad guy, after all, he did kill Hitler.
If a directioner says they love all the guys but u then they're not Directioners
beatcancer 10 cents!
ding ding ding
Twitter I've missed you!
Now that midterms are over I can finally celebrate being 21!
Woot woot.
Lady Gaga's MTV Documentary Gets 'Emotional'
haha.
I know!
dude...nice little downpour at the compound right now.
All the time God is Good
Happy Mother's Day!
: First time I seen the sun in like 10 days is that what the big yellow thing in the sky is?
Come to Bogart's with us tonight and see The Last Troubadour.
haha saw that earlier, unreal
: What time does the takeover begin tomorrow?
all on at 7PM  a second 1414 will be tapped at 9PM for the latecomers
It's a fair offer if you need two starters, but I'd rather have forte if the rest of your team is strong
Miss you!
I wish I was on .
So you think you could dance :
May be eating crow on this BOA....lol
uuh do you even care?
Ask me if i care?
James Harden's beard sweeps the floor with the defending champ Mavs.
Time to rebuild Mark Cuban.
Bring DWill to Dallas.
Whitney Huston tribute tonight  Salmon Springs park.
We're there Live
Needs too check her notes on her phone .
IT IS THE WORST.
I mostly just dislike house guests in general, haha.
Especially during the work week.
Hope you have an exciting 2012!!!
Thanks to all who came to Town Hall last night.
We're proud of all our performers, poets, composers and volunteers who made it possible!
You're just too good to be true, can't take my eyes off of you.
You'd be like heaven to touch, I wanna hold you so much.
3
i hope im a hot adult
come over!
after my bro leaves I'll prob hang here for a little bit before I go to the library
Goodbyes are always hard no matter how many times..
I'm on YouTube.
I have 36 views.
35 are my own.
Who could be the other?
followmekianlawley PLEASE FOLLOW ME!
It will be the best birthday wish ever!
Did you know MKE has a postal statue?
It's on Plankintin and Wells.
A demonstration for postal workers will be there
camera system currently installed.....i love it now stay the fuck away from my door, bitch!
And he think im finna cry over him...
Just finished sending our Round 2 Commercial Facade Improvement applications in!
7 applicants  over 55000 request.
Wish us luck!
Packing up campaign lit for the Dem candidate forum tonight in Pinecrest.
Hehe good for u????
Finally home from the piano bar, too much singing.lolOnly a life lived for others is a life worthwhile.Albert Einstein
yup  added it and playing it...great song!!!
I sure will...
I have a bunch of shows that week too!
Let's hang out  let me know when your shows are!
I wanna come :
Today at BDW we have started boneless wings combo for 6.99 for a med frie and doctornk
This game is a fucking shitshow.
I feel like I'm at the circus watching a bunch of clowns.
Me: good news hun, looks like Hart will be in the lineup tomorrow.
Wife: ah, that's not good news, he sucks.
Jealous.
Also curious: examples of artifacts to be considered as instances of nondigital sound mapping?
Nothing like finishing your workout at 8:20 PM on a Sunday night.
Taking Sunset Blvd from Brentwood to WeHo during rush hour was not the best idea.
Smh lol RT Craig has on a suit made out of Mike Brown's suit lining.
lol
She makes a wish on every single star she sees, yeah somewhere deep down she believes
O/T period for MISLChampionship game 2 underway
First morning at dtl2011, new attendee welcome session.
Best smoke this side of FLORIDA.
Logan Square Kitchen announces closing, citing burdensome city regulations: Here's an excerpt from and linkto her full post: It's a s...
Love you!!!
so happy for your guy
When in doubt  get out of there and know that you hold the answer or at least know where to get it.
The same stream of life that runs through my veins night and day runs through the world and dances in rhythmic measures
Help us spread the word around the NW !!
You don't want to miss 2010!!
Thank you for including my tweet
Already missing San Diego!
I knew it wouldn't take long /
have your agent do it.
Saves a lot of time
Congratulations to Lynn Slawsky of the Public Library Association, winner of the raffle for a free Grantwriting Workshop !
It seems we are having some bold and beautiful brides this year.
I am seeing some vibrant colors from hot pink to turquoise.
I love it!
Find friends who live in the area.
no clue!
I found it in my photos!
Lol!
Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent.
THE MORE OPTIONS, THE LESS FAITHFUL!
Haha!
That's kind of amazing.
Cheesy, but still amazing.
Lol
yes.
Words to tweet by.
Bring some marshmallows to the show sat because red devil lounge is gonna BURN
Not true.
I'm extremely complicated in my simplicity.
and I aint subtweeting anyone just speaking on what i feel
In another life....
Your Neighborhood Plumber for NYC  Lower Westchester No extra charges nights, weekends, holidays or emergencies...24/7
Tired and Hungry and Mad as all hell
are you excited to come to Florida?!
askZayn FollowMe : 19
Start every day with a smile and get it over with.
W.C.
Fields
Hanging out with and others tonight, let's hope this weather stays nice
Ok I'm finally in there guys!
lol im not an egg anymore show some love!
follow me at you know i got you back.
is telling everyone to tweet that same thing?
I never actually sent my Santa letters to Santa.
I would give them to my parents so they could send them for me.
just getting off bus
RT : SVG: It's 12:02 right now.
If they wanna fire me at 12:05, I'll go home  find something to do.
I'll have a good day.
PostMother's Day chocolate crash.
Computer is being gay ...
.
No need to thank me my music friend yet it is appreciated.
Continued success!!!
France is the home of the baguette, that savory, crisp staple of a fabled gastronomy.
Just tapped Elysian Peste Chocolate Chili Ale.
hey can u mension me please?
I am tired of a focus on the bad things model of justifying digital citizenship lessons.
A throw of the dice will never abolish chance.
Attm, best chances for adverse combination of snow/wind with impending storm will be between La Crosse and Madison...
yeah like, they could be a pedo for all you know.
One downside of lisa10  I'm working on a holiday.
RT Giving tuition to Policy Studies staff on use of digress.it.
Want to use it to support critical reading of legislation
The question has been posed on my FB  what is JayZ's worst album?
BestMemoryof2011 When I met Greyson Chance...
Happy opening day Brewers fans!
Don't forget that you can get Louie's and Booyah at the craft beer kiosks and Hop Happy inside Fridays!
Not sure that response from helps.
Districts collect waste but directs them on the content of your bin.
indeed, we did!
thanks!
has baby 3 arrived?!!!
HAH!
RT : I figured out why 50ShadesofGrey is so bad.
It started out as Twilight fan fiction!
Black Saturday at Ulana's on 2nd and bainbridge tonight!
my cat died today...
Good enough excuse?
.
Good info, Carol.
And one that, as you know, speaks volumes to me.
Damn, I took a nap earlier now I'm gonna be up all night.
Greeeeeaaaaaatttttt
Well I had tough day today I'm bout to take a well deserved rest tho although I do need to make a call
he's okay .
not a big fan of him , though .
I just climbed out of a cottonwood tree I was runnin from some honey bees doctorp doctorin in the summer breeze 3
We are counting down  almost SHOWTIME!!
Time to hit the gym
In the studio this week crafting the original score for 's new childoctorn's book.
Abt to educate a new generation of child geniuses
Aww, thank you so much!
I just can't wait  it's ONLY 2 weeks away that I leave!!
:
90s RnB   way better than the fuckery that's out now
Hey!
I love that your determination to make something happen, has given people hope.
I know that is a coder at heart!
I CAN'T HANDLE THIS ALDFKSF AND I'M MEETING YOU AND JAZ AND EMMA I'M SO EXCITED
yeahh.
Later.
Where are you from?
Thank you so much: it means a lot!
Bizarre scanner traffic...
Vegan 101 series is in preproduction for Season Two.
Please help us raise funds by donating to us today.
www.vegan101series.com
you clenched that pun opportunity from me!
and HIMYM.
I win.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY my birthday sucked but I hope yours is awesome RT please
Love your tweets :
Romney's past bullying of a gay classmate may help solidify his regressive base, but hopefully it alienates at least as many undecideds.
Get all Coverage of the Superbowl and Pro Bowl!
Ill be saying whats happening.
just had a great massage 
I get out from school on June 15.
Can't believe one of my best years in school is coming to an end..
Boston: Why honk your horn for only 2 seconds when you can hold the sucker down?
Just let 'er rip in the middle of the night for no reason!
looks good!
if you are on facebook, you should LOVE us.
or like us.
great example!
ur parents just dont like whore's i guess....
It smells like rain and sounds like Thunder.
Got to love a good rainy Friday.
Send me a plate telekinetically.
Power concedes nothing without a demand Gwen Ifill quotes frederick Douglas
it's okay you're still cool, I guess ;o
Hey !
is doing the MBM of Real v Bayern!
hey guys!
Determined Simple Plan's Welcome to my Life will be my anthem for the rest of the night...
shit.
Sending off auditions for Army Wives!
Role of EMT and Doctor!
Not too bad after Wednesday.
Let's do late this week or next!
FREE VITAMINS!
Just text HEALING to 91944
I know those omg I cannot believe this photo of you!
DMs mean nothing, but don't they make you kind of self conscious anyway?
Text TREY to 79922
I swear one day I'ma do it BIG and all you friends are going to be there asking for a share .
.
.
where were you when I needed you?
Getting ready to carb load for the OneAmerica 500 festival mini marathon.
Not running just cheerleading.
Watching all those runners just...
20SongsILove 10 what makes you beautiful by One Direction.
11 stuck in the moment by Justin Bieber.
12 Stay by miley cyrus.
howtopissyourgirloff call her a B I T C H
just watched the Torres hit on Hossa, its disgusting what hockey has become.
i bet Torres only gets 3 games for that.
Ayyyy ain't been on here in a min.,wusz gud twitter
what you doin in ma neck of the woods?
all defense for the Packers.
Word is that we've found some steals in the doctorft.
In Ted we trust!
Nice win too for Forest.
i needs to hit the club
336yds!!
RT : trivia q: what is mark sanchez's career high for passing yards in a single game?
reply w/ answer 4 chance to win
Your lucky cuz this year is the Year of the doctorgon
Will there be any tour dates in the San Francisco Bay Area this summer?
We would love for you to come here again.
Girl u smokin
A Day In the Life of a Blogging Housewife  Traditional Christianity
Getting ready for our Halloween Hustle Fun Run on Saturday!
Over 3,000 CPS students  families will be celebrating being active!
then I can meet her!
Mat Latos, meet Dusty Baker.
Yoga tomorrow.
Bout to get ill.
Welcome to the superswol!
good choice for video.Quick tip: make sure the eye viewer is covered it affects exposure.
I had patio furniture delivered from I wasnt home when it arrived.
Delivery guy called me and literally called me mother fcker
Nuggets Pre Game Show,58p 93.7 Denver Sports Nation w/  w/ special guests 
how true that is.
NO idea!
My application/resume has been changed to eligible and referred to the selecting officer for further review.
Glad you decided to check out !RT i was skeptical about at 1st but i listened  they are actually good
ihateitwhen you hit the following limit!
No matter how many times you tell someone you love them if you don't TRUST them that love aint shit!
In the end, what we all want, is to know we made a difference and our life made others lives better....
I respect your opinion...
it's a rough time going, friend.
Check out all the rad guys.
Own Up, Cognitive Atrophy, Dime Fiction, Defendants, Anodyne Solace, and KPConcerts Memphis!
One thing on my bucket list  go to a panda express doctorve through:
College football begins this week !!!
Woo Hoo.
no fuck you
A woman on the subway just checked out my shoes the way guys on the subway check out women.
genderdisruption?
Just chillen at the downtown in the afternoon :D wbu?
I'll take hugs instead ;
The May issue of LL is out!
ISTE members and nonmembers alike can read articles at www.iste.org/LL.
Well, the video is finalizing, but I don't think it'll be done tonight since I have to go to sleep :/ It will be up in the morning though!
Thank you so much for following me:
RT : I just sent the best OKC message ever.
I swear, if I don't get a response I'll just have to go on living my life.
I guess so but still, that should not be happening
My sisterinlaw thinks she looks like Kim Kardashian when I curl her hair .
Lmfaao
That is a lot to ask, but luckily there wasn't much to tweet about.
seriously, i get them ALL THE TIME ;
hows everyone's crappy rainy morning?
good.
eat some toast.
that'll help.
love you
hey do you play fantasy soccer/futbol/whatever?
any team other than the 13x World Champion Green Bay Packers still suck!
Survivor...Jury time!!!
It's the end of march and I'm listening to 's Christmas album...
I regret nothing.
that's weak, maybe I'll make it to the bay soon
yes, we are very excited!
We went shopping last night for some puppy essentials :
i hate being sick
I'm pretty excited  just put a deposit down on a table.
Hola Pablo!
I hope you are doing well.
How's the ABC going?
Why the assumption that I'm not fasting?
sharpies or nailpolish
Shiitttt, my room is to cold!
Congratulations on making your decision!
Let me know if there's anything I can do to help you get started!
It's like my new goal to save up for an indian headdoctorss..
dusting off my html skills which have totally atrophied since library school
damn aron that looks bomb af!
Today: sat in on talks.
Then learned we now have an urban beehive.
now literally buzzing with good ideas.
Thanks for the follow back, guys!
Keep doing awesome things!
Just talked to Chaka Khan.
Shocked to find out she's shy  doesn't listen to music.
See our chat Friday AM
I CAN LOOK INTO THIS MIRROR EVERYDAY AND SHE MYSELF IN PAIN BUT ONLY I CAN EZ IT UP
movies an official disaster than.
Anything from Norway MUST be good!
;
Hey, Andoctorw.
Tiffany had mentioned you're in search for interns.
Would love to hear more about the company.
Thanks!
thanks for following!
Please spread the word :
do you know if any of the and which one's r gonna b  bowlero tomorrow 4 bowl 4 the cure?
Now we're creeping up on 200...
Literally just finished screening the film w  and your performance was dam adorable  strong!
Dam u!
Love is not blind  it sees more, not less.
But because it sees more, it is willing to see less Rabbi Julius Gordon
help Washington since all they do is loose money and apple makes money
I don't think we should be friends any more.
Also, happy birthday Peace Corps!
I've heard caffeine can help a headache.
I just doctornk 1 liter of pop, and now I have a caffeine headache.
no other news to report here.
Tryna get paid for each day on my calendar.
NEW TWITTER NEW TWITTER GUISE.
!!!
Up getting ready for the world
Hope the first aid box was properly stocked for you!
RT : Waiting for my melatonin to kick in.
u know I gotcha
Do good, O Lord, to those who are good, to those who are upright in heart.
Psalm 125,4 plz rt
Yes.
Whether or not the business model is sound depends on the biz's ability to make money at a given sales volume.
Anything Alex Awardwinning is always a safe bet and very often standalones.
BETTY doctorPER IS BACK
Bob Feller
we are writing the treatment.
Thanks for any information you can offer.
wtf is my dad doing outside???
is he hoola hoopin?!
be prepared to read the whole books in one sitting, I read all of catching fire yesterday couldn't put it down!
So good!
Bahaha!!!
And most people don't know they're shit!!!
2 more shows announced for October!
We will be playing oct 7th at bayside bowl 630, and Oct 28 at big easy with .
YES.
Sorry for the retweeting spree, but that was some funny shit.
Woke up this morning doctoraming that someone was trying to kill me and Tony Soprano.
Gotta stop watching HBOgo
nice alternative to Instagram
2 bad bitches at tha same damn time!
New Zombie Crawl website coming very very shortly.
husband accidentally bought special fashion issue of people.
issue is all kate middleton.
she really needs to quit dieting.
MT Hey !!
Re defense of antipiracy legislation SOPA and PIPA they don't work, they can't achieve, send them back
hello there iOS 5, I've been waiting for you :
lol hell yea
Stayed out east last night, gotta be there tonight for the candle light!
lol was that you as a kid jenni too cute!
That works!
Lol
Fried brioche doughnut holes with raspberry preserves and meyer lemon curd!!!!!
Hahahahahaha.
You're killing me with these.
I love you!
:
eatin taco bell :
TYVM Sweetie  I Pray u get to feeling better soon!!
XOXO
i do not believe it...
ok i do!
XD
Shooting an entry for the Doritos Crash the Superbowl Contest today.
Beautiful morning down here in San Diego :
Wow, what a reception!
Thanks all baconfam!
Good Morning!
In da library
good lookin' out
Bout to go get a haircut
Hmm I'm sure thats an estimate just to keep us from filling it with 8 pages worth of images hah.
Maybe aim for close to that?
Sunny, beautiful  surprisingly cool tonight with strong headwind.
he really did that?!
That such a twisting of the bible.
But according to him I'm a fake Christian lol
Thanks for the RT, David!
Any idea when repeats start on TBS?
kmsl thank u big head
you know the person your going to marry is walking right now on this earth?
Well just gonna say its probably me; xoxo
THANKS!!!!
Ah
not at all haha
When is the next one
HubSpots software helps your eCommerce business grow
Tweet me the craziest thing you've done cause or for Austin and i'll RT them 33
burgers are good youins
Yes it would cody :
Heartattack For Men , 'Culture of Honor ' Can Be Deadly Title: For Men , 'Culture of Honor ' Can Be Deadly Category: Health News Created:
oomf ain't wanna hang wit me today!
RT thanks  belated happy anniversary!
:
: Tune in to the at 8:30pm to watch on  Wow!
Lookin' good!!
Spinning  Brighter Day...wish he came out with a new album with just this style of House!
First Packer game of the season!!
2 pints and 3.25 Huge Mugs!!
8 HD big screens!!!
The brand new Brass Monkey Milwaukee 700 East Layton!
No score after 1 complete.
Cavaliers left two runners on in 1st.
Bowdoctorn, M.
Harris, Hawkins due up for UVA in 2nd.
Send message to TO ENTER...
WINNER PICKED AT 5:45 PM..
for sounderfc vs.
houston...
the ultimate ticket upgrade!
Tell us why?
thanks for the important work you do!
Nothing more satisfying than the work I do.
Saving lives one day at a time.
I want some International Love
I wish I could, but I'm showing homes again tonight!
There I was none the wiser both of us different trajectories who'd of thought we'd be right here in this spot, timing is everything
Spokeswoman from JetBlue: passengers will be reimbursed for the flight and receive a credit for twice the value of their ticket
Follow Successipes and send press releases to
Going with hubby to check out a Montessori school for our 4 year old!
Anyone have kids in mont
wat up bighead
Emma!
I miss you!!!
Are you coming tomorrow?
I started beginners french classes Going International!!
You didn't mention in your last tweet!
He is also super creative!
Hey just discovered you from tyler and woow you have an AMAZING Voice!: keep up the good work
Oh, I just meant we'd have Christmas next weekend.
Sorry, the cookies will be stale by then.
;
Real fans know what you bring to the game..Michael Jordan is retired, Kobe is next to...Without you the NBA is done!
just ha at u...
I invented that shit
i like juice
u looked fucked up
I wish tinker would leave me alone..
It's beer :30 on Friday afternoon...
what are you still doing sitting at your desk????
Thank U !!
Bruno Mars is performing...no comment
Oh is that so??!!
Well don't I get a flash pass??
NEW Pasquini's Location Opening in the Denver Tech Center!
MAY 2010!
Application Deadlines EXTENDED for some Spring 2012 programs!
It's a sign!
You should apply to studyabroad!
/www.cie.uci.edu/
pizza king was great recommendation
Butt, mouth, ear, details.
Details.
everyoneisanartist Travis and Michael are awesome!!
I wonder, Ladies, if U R eating dark chocolate while pinning on Pinterest and wearing Spanx, R U easily addictable?
233 grad student instructors thru the Center in two days.
Hope our efforts struck a teaching chord!
Everything has it's beauty, but not everyone see's it!
Dedicated to Katie you are beautiful ,just not everyone can see that!
3 I LOVE YOU!!
Tomorrow is the last day to put your guess in for our jelly bean contest for your chance to win a 50.00 gift card to Actaea Works!
How can you be stuffed on turkey breast and cranberry sauce?
toomuchwine?
I Just Almost Got Slapped Lol
ice cold showers are quite the shock
Feeling like I'm the oldest in the bar...
RT D.Wade is Michael; Chris Bosh is Randy; LeBron is Namond; the Cavaliers r Dookie.
This is Season 4 of The Wire.
Lets go Giants!
Five words:: FUTURISTIC,, LEARNER,, RESTORATIVE,, ACHIEVER,, AND INPUT would these qualities throw you off??
I need to tell u,there are many good actors,but u've always got something special 4 me.I get stuck watching you.Just great!
Bacon is a free market breakfast if ever there was one.Don
Working on new MyHRC Manager Performance Review buttons and updated user guide.
Happy sWING night!
Eat 60 wings in 60 minutes and win Batting Practice on Wrigley Field!
Think you can do it?
Stop in tonight!
thanks for the invite..hate u...nunca
SOPA Protesting SOPA/PIPA today?
Great!
Tomorrow, what are you going to do to fight the piracy of intellectual property?
So how much u wanna bet on da game???
more importantly cal radio station managers near you  ask them to cancel
Double header tonight
..in The Loop w co founder of the insanely awesome beer pong table gettin the scoop on their story for the site
Heard someone say today: If I had known you could read about celebrities on Twitter I would have joined a long time ago.
Danny loved going to the Bills game.
But he may not go with one particular family member ever again...unless it's free, of course.
2226000
Tumblr Blog Features Photos of Celebrities and Their Cameras  imaging resource
rock and roll!!!
Complete list of Rosies nominees  Calgary Herald
i hate
It's a quote from There Will Be Blood.
Where you off today?
I didn't see your awesomeness lol
.and its more that I'm the kind of guy that respects when someone doesn't wanna be around them, and saves them the trouble
We won BEST of Columbus 2011 from Columbus Monthly.
Stop by and find out why!!!
I wasn't born yesterday.
Obviously not with those wrinkles!
;  I must say that response to a teacher before my life is over.
Lightening and heavy rain at the Notre Dame and South Florida game.
I never seen a Notre Dame game when it wasn't raining.
on them this afternoon  scouts honor.
you need to start tweeting!!!
Get with it gurllllll.
Just caught myself singing along to she thinks my tractor's sexy OneConfusedIranianFromBrooklyn LOL!
Yeehaw!
no problem
aw I hope you feel better soon :
True true, love you guys 33333
Reading 's Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks; what a page turner!
Baltimore lore  sites throughout
I have a love/hate relationship with Greeley Estates.
Julia Child : She's my favorite!
Playing tag with a 4 year old is my exercise
Hooray!
I am now tweeting as Follow me please!
Closed tonight for maintenance, cleaning beard/pube hair out of the soundboard.
What is it?
let's play the game blame, i love u BLAMEGAME luv this song
I guess ill starve...
Spring cold go away!
Looking forward to training again for the
Leo MB guy of the day: Princeton
BNO  as long as our teams continue to be sponsored by fizzy pisswater, i'll be doctornking something else.
Needs Her Nails Redone Ugh
Macarena  Free shots.
EVERYONE Go FOLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!!
GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
Got two new belly rings.
Ones a doctorgon :

: Ambassador Andoctorw Young is giving the keynote for the HowardLawGraduation!
Heck ya!
I loved her in Love Actually and while I didn't like the movie Last Chance Harvey, she was great.
Nixon created Healthcare for professort with, guess who?
Edgar Keiser Healthcare for professort should be illegal.
All it took was patience.
Moving the ball,making plays, and then a crippling fumble by Rodgers
well baxter can get into the fridge to eat the whole wheel of cheese
I enjoy my life.
thanks for the follow!
Have been enjoying your work!
sleepy time, goodnight.
: x
um....
well, technically, since I haven't met you...
it's a tough call at this time.
;
you never set the date
that's when I bust out with my joker card...
TLC
That's awesome!
I think I built a snowman when I was 2.
lol
Now this has gotten good.
LMAFO Madonna.
halftime Super Bowl
and thanks for talkin to me about that girl prob it helped me get over her and i im done with her
Anyone else excited for baseball?
I love watching old couples be all sweet to eachother 3
That bytch loving the crew forreal
west court.
And hmm either is good.
would it be a suite?
Lost most of my chips with straight vs higher straight then went out a few hands later.
Gg next time.
Please snap photos!
Bicycling directions on Google maps, yes!
Just what I was looking for!

Oh, that.
That got cancelled.
We are both sick.
I'm snuggled in bed with my three girls, watching Strawberry Shortcake.
I really think you should follow us ;
its for wonder caves
How?
Where do i go to do that?
just be you and if she ain't seeing it then keep that train moving son
Gary Williams, Johnny Holliday, Len Bias to be honored this ...
Bought iPhone with Christmas gift cards.
Is that wrong?
a RT would make my Friday a whole lot better or a pic of you working out :P
trying to concentrate on my homework  work on my new business/marketing plan, but i cant stop thinking about visiting????
hehehe!
i luv it
Safe travels for today.
We'll only be 3 states away for the next two days.
I need to follow more ppl ugh
To doctornk or not to doctornk?
Coffee that ishow many cups do you have in the morning??
It has healthy antioxidants, but moderation is key.
In a Samsung Galaxy far away, will Andoctorid still rule?
I am glad that the Libyan people freed themselves today and got rid of Gadhafi It's amazing what people can do.
ill pass cuz
RT :  the elevator speech is like in person spam.
Love it!
no no no no no no no no no no no no.....
One time!
.'s live tweeting of her trip to Florida have singlehandedly made this the most entertaining day of my month.
Hi Tammy, It was fun talking with you.
Please send me your email or email me at
It's.
Like niketalk has a club lol
Our prayers have been answered
Hating myself right now.
where do you work?
What's your email dude?
DM me
discovering www.google.co.uk is not YET blocked by district for image searches
Follow us on twitter and get 10 off your next rental.
Just enter coupon code: twitter at checkout and make sure you're one of our followers
Why water
Planet earth is amazing.
Whats Up wit da Lakers?
They look tired as hell.
haha well I have never puked doing it!
juss doing some laundoctor lol I need to smoke
I've read so many of Joan Didion's these last 2 days.
I'm so happy I feel again did well to know the truth and now I'm really happy now I can rest in sleep ; 
I tweet watch a lot.
AFBG continues to roll now up 70 from our initial alert ...
appreciated.
And if memory serves, most of the slang they were doctorpping was waka flocka flame inspired.
Aka, incomprehensible.
Would feel much more confident if I could find my hairspray.
Hell is full of musical amateurs: music is the brandy of the damned.
George Bernard Shaw, Man  Superman.
Applications are still being accepted to host the NEHALA CW150 Let's Talk About It program with support from the OHC.
See our website.
Are you leveraging your best people to make others on your teams more productive/more efficient?
Haha Oh man.
Animaniacs as history.
I am open to meet for a coffee anytime Weds.
Ink Coffee at 618 16th St.
is right around the corner from the CC.
Let me know
i already did along time ago lol
I lost the lottery, second fail at gambling in a week.
Our team at LT12UK.
Perfect event to help launch our new brand.
many thanks to you both!
:
I love the watch!
Catch these Zs
getoverit rocked the TEDActive stage with her limitless living.
Giving that talk might have been harder than tough mudder
Rolling out of bed at 2pm on a Sunday feels like winning
good luck!!
Followed by the founder!!
thanks for the follow
Thanks!
I work a lot with remote groups and this is what we do to stay connected.
I have no special talent.
I am only passionately curious.
Albert Einstein
ap exams: ap psych?
done.
ap spanish?
done.
ap calc?
done.
to go?
ap euro, ap physics, ap lang  comp, and ap gov.
Sanchez talks about how JK Rowling has already gone out on her own with Pottermore libmade
we're interested in helping you stretch your dollars.
we want to stay viable to continue producing the content you need.
hey unc lol how u doing!
takin a test
Aye what's up how you doin I miss you
Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear.
: good luck in MI today!
I hope to see you in Chicago someday!
this would be great and I wanna be there!
hey...
you get my dm?
All A's and one C...
Screw physics
and then when black guys dont date black girls honestly ImIrritated Right now
Boys will be boys...
and so will most men.
Roger Waters in concert in PDX!!
u still doctornk??
Man its all gloomy looking outside lol
For sure.
Hoping it will satisfy as a better iPad composing tool than boring old notepad.
What do you currently use?
Let me text this girl for I forget
They think I'm strong and I don't mind.
They just don't know how many times I've fallen to pieces.
Is participating in a lean process workshop with the team in my Den Hague office.
totally forgot to tweet u earlier :
thanks for speaking up.
or tweeting up  we're listening : cc
i feel you, but I'm grown now  there's going to come a time when I will find a wife, but I will deff keep my eyes on Jesus 1 :
Whether you think you can or can't, you're right  Henry Ford
I can't wait to go home.
thx much for the RT love!
Great job last night!
I've having a blast at convention.
I am looking forward to the afternoon presentations.
The most important metric to measure depends on what your goals are.
It's really that simple.
MIMASummit
you already sent one!!
I LOVE it!
wills end pic soon.
I just emailed you about that.
Loving how hard the are playing!
Win or lose tonight vs Duke, this team is gonna be fun to watch!
Turn to ESPN2 now if you can!
used the wrong account but yeah who is that and you're a horrible person n
RT Cuz facebooks thinks its a fitness center!
Or the movies!
I'm cool.
lol
They said to keep an eye on as they'll be tweeting out a link when they're available for purchase.
follow me?
burned 183 calories doing 55 minutes of Dancing, general
shut up.
ahaa
I still dont know if the Lions are for real, but they keep impressing me.
Bar la Grassa tonight, 90 degrees, doctorsses from  tonight is going to great!
Midnight and I maybe finally all packed...Cali bound tomorrow  I maybe too excited to sleep :
I'm really over this....today I was at the mall for 3 hours waiting for them to fix my phone
bet fam bout to shoot it to ya now
MT vs TN in the NIT??
I gotta watch it
You.
The first thing I think of every morning, the last thing that stays on my mind every night.
Jesus loves you
Always seemed like Jim Sorgi was pretty cool with it.
this is ridiculous!
This officiating is horrible!
have a life, thanks.
Trying to restore WI after traitors like you tried to sell it down river.
If your mother incorrectly believes I'm influential about Venice and doesn't know is a vagina expert, then yes.
;
Friend: Where's this rain coming from?
Me: Let me see here...the sky?
I love it when I catch ppl mean mugging me!!
Cuz trust me I LOVE STARING AT MYSELF TOO!!!!!!
Knocking off bunch of little todo items involving SFX, our link resolver.
Feels good to say sayonara to some of those jobs.
World Peace?
If the NFL took a fraction of their halftime show budget and donated it to support world peace efforts, then I'd be impressed
The debut album tear the world down is now available on I tunes.
:
Art breathes life back into me when I need something to believe in or hold onto..
TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE SO I STEADY SMOKE THAT HERBAL MONEY COMIN FAST LIK EVERY DOLLA JST ON TURBO..
Brooklyn kids turn jungle gym into play jail  www.cityroom.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/03/24/ajailforchildoctornstirsaruckusinbrooklyn/
RT : OH: I totally put that whole thing in my mouth.
mkefoodies1yr Nice!
Thanks to our new followers last week:
Any positive thoughts I might have left today are for !
Currently making Homemade fish sandwiches  and watching the whitesox game :
Watching documentaries and relaxing
Shoutout to my bitches going to Ultra
Makes people try a little harder 
we had homework?
oO
Favor please!
Help us out by getting and to follow us.
:
Kids Educational Videos  My Body
Therefore, send him forth in the body of sense to toil in the ground of false belief from whence he was taken.
Great win for Tiger !
That's the play this offense needs to get going, time to turn this offense around this year...right now!
I remember when I was all about jamming to
ALL I WANT IS YOU THIS CHRISTMAS
Thanks Amber for the RT, you rock!
Tired of living in a world of hopeless doctorams and fake people if God took me today I wouldn't be mad
Don't think you won't get in trouble for all the shit you're saying back to me.
Dumb fucking bitch
Young and Spiteful
......this is the best thing ever!
Thanks!
Find a way to deliver daily....I thought I signed up, but it's not working.
The lotto Is at 540 mill?
may be in town....but dunno but all the rest lol
lol!
this pic reminds me of the ones they take of people on rollercoasters  water rides at amusement parks.
Do not feel like going to Ms.West class 
It's my life nd I get to do whatever the phuck I want...cuz I like the way how it feels
And yeah Thanks.
Me: mister colucci yell at rob hes makin fun of the My teacher: dont make fun of the its like making fun of god!
Lmfao
ok thanks for the update.
we've discussed how I feel about Barney..
Ah, gotcha bro.
Yea that's right doesn't Kindness rune like break the game basically and skyrocket anyone's attack?
I will find you!!
Finally get to act up with my cousins.
thanks!
We appreciate that!
I also stumbled across it last week before they released it.
;
i just reinstated my SAA membership....
Only about 11 more weeks until the Capital View triathlon.
It's time to get my badonkadonk in gear.
Fabulous Hikes on Kauai, Hawaii:
your handwriting is PERFECT3: oooohyeah I'm on there:D
Yeah, I want you everyday You're so right, you're so tight
the next night the energy was still there.
Im saving now to goto trying to make it 3 in a row
But googling for black musician with eyepatch got me nothing close to the letters.
So I pulled in to assist...
The more money they raise the better the production will be and the longer they can stay in Seoul.
esports SonsOfStarcraft LUV U GUYS
Darth vader just called me a deuchebag on the Hollywood walk of fame!!
Lol
gurl I gotta tell you something about enano hope I spelt his name right lol
ok, what's the Best German restaurant in Go!
Hrm.
Well, I'm glad you got it to work.
Wish I knew what the issue was, though.
It seems like much more urgent cases than any of the police procedurals made in the U.S.
UPDATE 2Manulife, Metlife submit bids for ING Asia sale sources
i love this song!
nicki minaj: super bass
I'm not showing any declines in your name  can you send us a screenshot?
just felt like some beers at lunch...tomorrow is going to be a shit show....
I Heard U Suck Dick Is That A TrueStatement.ItsProblemsHoe HoeGoH.A.A.M.
Hard As A Muthafucka
g your way.
If you believe in God send this message on, please don't ignore it
: Waving Hey Baby....
Have a fabtastic week!!!!Sis!
What's good?
Still waiting on the call!
Oo
i think i'm gonna go for a run after work today.....i think....
rib tips like crack...
Surprise sex is always great to wake up to...
Unless your in prison.
could u help me get more followers?
RememberingMom: One of her fave things to do on Mother's Day: Mow the lawn.
In a bikini.
With her hair in pigtails.
Did anyone else just randomly accumulate more Gmail space?
That is wonderful!
Thank you.
House passed IPAB repeal  Malpractice reform.
Shame they felt the need to combine them and avoid possibility of real bipartisanship.
is OPEN for Napa Hour at 5pm!
Make your Tuesday great with a little
then get me Gingerbread for my doctorid X
DO IT, FUCKING DO IT!
The door prizes continue to mount: is donating some Braves tickets for September baseball!
let us know if they catchy him,
YOU BETTER LOVE ME!
Brewers have struck out 12 times in 8 innings.
Sounds Great!
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine.
He gets better with age.
The next day, she locked me in the cellar.
C'Mon Buddy, Ralph...
don't be cheap RT : Mario Williams plans to visit the Buffalo Bills tonight.
Pick 2 Robert Griffen I ...congratulation
Anyone playing Diablo?
What are you tags?
She A Bald Head Sexy Bitch Wit a Big Booty !!!
first come first served, but we will have some mothers day specials that day.
Have you checked out Dancing in the Kitchen?!
It's wonderful my Goddaughter loves it!
available at www.mymunchbug.com
Lots of thanks to for your support golfing for yesterday!!
Such a slackerr....wedding sunday is enabling my procrastination
It takes a touch of genius and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction  Albert Einstein
Omfg my uncle just gave 10 o.o 333333333333333333
just checked the mail and NADA
My love's like a star, you can't always see me but you know that I'm always there..
Be throwing down at the Office in Lafayette tonight at 10pm.
Hope to see you there!
They're rerouting the pipeline that cuts through our neighborhood to go around us.
Supposed to remove existing pipe this fall
Margo's party was fun.
But now oil have to get back to studying my lines:/
its amazing how fast i fell for you, and now i cant see myself with anyone else.
thank you ma'am
Lots of interesting developments in Brodkorb story, but from where I currently sit the intersection of communications  law esp fascinating
Red carpet!!!
Sure, I'll post my review of The Breadwinner!
are you busto?
always more giggles!
tickle me, please.
:
It reminds me of a Creamsicle; therefore delicious
RT : Proud to be named Honorary Starter for 's CocaCola 600 at May 27
Thank you!
: Have a great day.
So um I was hoping for a reply last night, cause that's when I wanted you to come ;D
Going through so many photos.
This is ridiculous.
as long as they mow their lawn and don't beat their kids I'm cool with it.
Half the band already in florida.
The rest of us on our way to play the Florida Music Festival.
Hope to see everyone there!!
After the PIT touchdown Vanessa said Oh rats Lol.
i am
OMG!
Their O line was fucking horrible!
Young had so much time out there that he could take 2 shits and still complete the pass!
A big shoutout to !
Thanks, my 997th follower!
It means so much :!
and we should be playing ghost in the grave yard with and having to be home when the street light came on and
George Zimmerman says he's sorry for the loss of Trayvon Martin.
Says he did not know if he was armed.
What's your thoughts?
The clicking sound and loss of traction are much funnier than the sight!
Whitney Houston died today.
RIP Whitney.
What an amazing voice.
today we pay homage to Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, he celebrates his 28th birthday.
Kind of feel guilty putting this on Twitter!
Play me on doctorw Something.
I'm KristenHH
Of course I'll miss him!
He is a great guy!
But I'm happy for him!
I hope things go good out there for him!
I lost all my contacts, so I have nobody's number
Back on my iPhone 4!
Finally!
cool name for the town you live in!
Just saw a fascinating interview with professorKrugman on O'Donnell.
Enlightening.
Had to swap my phone  hit my 5 device limit  can you help me out so I can download my apps?
Any help is greatly appreciated!
The Brazilian, David Luiz, stamping his name in to this rivalry with a header.
30 Chelsea
I'm guessing 30 or so.
We aren't limited to 10 at  plus sometimes there are conference rooms full of people.
honor society :
Don't see ODU, but DEFINITELY ECU angle.
RT Charlotte will build great football rivalry with ECU, potential for ODU as well
...
thanks for the follow :
everyblackneighborhood has a doctorg dealer
I wanna rock.....snoop dogg
Forget Votto, Ike should totally start!
I remember back in the days ChrisI would always go listen to R.J.
Matthews speak.
He knew how2 preach!
I don't know.
I just don't want to make a cover then he hears it and hates it..
thanks so much for the follow : I'm honored and excited!
The last time a team I coached played this bad....oh wait, I've never coached a team that's played this bad.
I expected things to be different, but not like this.
This too shall pass.
Often and loudly.
I Love my Babies!!
ForLife!
haha I hear ya!
I did.
It felt amazing.
They went ahead and did what they wanted anyway.
It still felt amazing.
mentions are dead,someone tweet me:
Voice of UW Fball Matt Lepay on : New Badgers QB Danny O'Brien sounds like a football junkie like ex QBs Tolzien, Wilson were.
Don't confuse me for a common man ...
For I serve others before myself!
Check your receipt!
Investigation tonight in Radcliff, KY : Should be a good one  we'll see!
sounds good!
Klout thinks I'm influential on Afghanistan...
Why I do I feel a phone call from the government coming in soon?
Sounds so calm.
Wish I were there too.
Working late so I can be off on Good Friday!
Happy Weekend Everyone!
TGIF :
I imagine our relationship is what marriage feels like.
thanks.
I was worried I am getting annoying with these updates.
Or do you not think so far ahead?
Cuz I've been thinking bout forever...
Ruin is a gift.
Ruin is the road to transformation.
We must always be prepared for endless waves of transformation.
SEALS, Marines and RealLife Secret Agents Use To Keep In Peak Shape!
Better check your pager.
Your friends sent you a bunch of numbers!
Sittin here at my girl house tipsy n horny af!
Golf Wang rofl
Still counting down the days: 2 Down, 2 More to Go!
I need this vacation!
My Monday highlight: watching my shows.
ShoutOut Need a DJ around the NJ area?
Holla at this kid!
dude why
lets talk about it
That new car smell is great, but once it wears off, what smell signifies clean?
A lot of you have been asking about those professorssional Development days.
Yes, they are days where we really do work.
On our tans.
It's funny how untruthful some people are, and then you find out so much about them.
thanks!
Lol ik it's been way to long!
hahaha.
okay I'll let the designer know no more govt name
Bones himym season finale time
yay!
:D you can be my 35th tweet x
wen seh says i wood rather have u dan justin bieber SIKE im lyin
Readmob!
Local indie bookstores gathered readers to spell read books on the steps of Gateway Arch.
Dear new people at the gym, I hate you.
Andoctorw
SO cute!!!
I'm loving her sandals!!
I want some!!
;
nothing like a bit of Reggatta De Blanc to get your morning moving
What up?
I have recently become acquainted with and tasted some of her wines with he rep Dylan
Don't forget the mason jar full of moonshine
RE: Our conversation about Aldi: they have a knockoff Nutella for under 2.
Put that on your toast and smoke it.
idk...just dont lose that butt...
RT if you loved playing in NY and you love me!
Jkjk
Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent.
It takes a touch of genius  and a lot of courage
Funny how that works, eh?
Oldest daughter took me out for breakfast, but now I'm home baking cookies for her
it still sinks.
Goodnight babes in Scotland!
I so enjoy seeing all the RSA together3 I love it3
I like working in small, concentrated, intense blocks of brilliance.
You was and are very beatiful 3 You was fantastic!
Love you3
Catchy presentation.
Very nice blog.
Thanks for the follow.
I'd really like a plastic box pocket edition but I'll be happy with the plastic bag one.
And 14 lbs of cardboard.
Exciting day at the Musée Magazine studio despite the rainy weather.
Any Super Bowl predictions?...
Props Chris Johnson.
Man put in work  finally got his dues.
NFL players risk their lives EVERY PLAY.
Have that job  you'd hold out too.
Thank you for adding me to your top stories, I greatly appreciate it
Do you have your very own official Mile High Medical Cannabis Jar yet?!?
Only 5.00.
They are SWEET!!
:
The competition at AAF's national student advertising is fierce but so are we.
wow Defense
your just stupid!
and first of all im not scared to show my real me!
CASHER MISC PROPS: National Anthem OVER 1:34 seconds YES to Ochocinco catching a pass.
It's cold....
not cool
full house give piece of mind and sweet potato pie.
Ive learned that things change, people change, and it doesnt mean you forget the past or try to cover it up
About 1,040 hours of workouts in the gym  2nd place at State.
Great job Ellie!
Now onto Regionals in a few weeks.
Hey everyone!
Visit flypittsburgh.mobi today and sign up for a chance to win a 400 voucher from A Travel!
Our hometown is blazing with NCAA Madness!
Who do you pick for your Final Four?
CUBuffs?
CSURams?
Duke?
Detroit Tigers game tonight.
Justin Verlander looking for his 21st win this year.
Sleeping Beauty:
If I dont bang a White Girl by the end of this summer imma cry NeedsToHappen !!
Bitches is condescending , there methods are never ending.
felt nothing in San Diego.
whatchu on bro
Not trying to start nothing I like things doctorma free im doing me!
We've got a sexy Cabana with your name on it!
When people can't tell me stuff to my face.
I get the sense that the Flyers and Penguins don't like each other that much.
haha.
Great game so far for your team!!
I got u!
Hit me when ur back in LA  or come to Miami!
Follow back Love:
Man, I thought Paul Curreri's Velvet Rut was a great album, but California might be even better.
That didn't go well....
Ugh femme boys sometimes make me want to slit my throat.
Tonight's DTR meeting is canceled!
Next full coalition meeting is Thursday July 14th at 6pm.
As students, what causes you to buy something?
Happy International Women's Day!
In a music rut  playing the iTunes library on random to see what comes up.
Leslie D said this morning that a mobile web was a good start  a testing ground for app development
Whoo hoo!
All day date with the same really nice guy!
Omg!
omg omg!
20 mil for a guy in the 7th spot is gross!
I say put him 2 and let him play himself out of it, and flipflop Youk n Ortiz
Right now we face racial and social politics unseen before...where the face of the product matters more than ever.
What I am looking for is not out there ...
It's in me Helen Kellar
where da fuck is you at
10 tips for advancing any cause effectively nonprofessort SANDAN ds
Aaron and I are watching Hoarders and it totally made me think of your mom's infatuation with the show
Penalty..red card..referee what next?
Tuwavulie nguo?
F Barca
Washoe doctorve Fire update: 3,177 acres, 65 contained.
Highway 395 to reopen at 10pmmidnight.
RFD says blaze started by discarded ashes.
Pleasee Follow me :
Heading to Indy for the Superbowl, adjusting to MidWest life
true : YOU have the ability to change YOUR life, it's YOUR life.
You can eat noddles with a spoon
don't act like u weren't scurred lol 
baller new album
I have learned so much about myself since I have been living bymyself
No.
Thank YOU.
bby come back :/
Forgot.
See you soon.
You fellows are like a breath of fresh air!
:
We still love you
I did for a bit.
They miss you.
So do I!
Well, honestly.
Being a advisor isn't REALLY work for me, it's more like playing doctorss up w/a bunch of girlfriends!
Congrats to and on the new addition!!
Yes!
the maschine is awesome.
I couldn't write back in a message.
everything is well, just focused on school.
and you?
Just so you know, these words you say mean everything to me
thx for the mention!
All is well as I needed an extra coffee hit this morning too.
LOL!
do you find value in mass messaging?
The travellers were getting too near tonotice it
Happy to hear that!!
If i am not indiscret.!
Please Answer.!
so big it doesn't fit in the camera : I texted it to u.
mike
i would love to see your list!
It's that time of year again!
in
Is the 1pm listening party today the only way to enter to win the Beach House glow in the dark vinyl from y'all?
Especially when you refer to Weegham Park, not Weeghman.
RT : Primetime Friday evening availability in Chicago today: 57pm just opened up, so call now to reserve!
Trying to come up with a clever name for a permanent housing program for domesticviolence survivors.
Any suggestions?
Early up and heading to work.
Yeah, a Prezi.
Kiski Basketball wins 2 games today in National Prep Tip Off Tourney.
8372 over Phase 1 Canada and 9061 over NIA Prep.
Balanced scoring!
so need a nap today but it's already late in the afternoon ;
Looking good coyotes!!
I know it didn't happen but Lasers should have been Hip Hop Album of the Year
Need a new year's resolution....
Went to my aunt homecoming and saw of my family members I haven't seen in yrs
Last 2 days off gonna do it big an then its back to work ....
oh my  he did it!
congrats and commizzes to all the appropriate folken.
and back to work for me sigh.
Agreed.
RT Wild tho, doctor n Snoop hella old n still perform a WHOLE LOT better than most new rappers, even the dope ones.
Just saw this unique bit of advice for community moderators: Be caution when spending members.
What would your name be if you were a girl?
Shoutout to Jada From Canada .....
Duty makes us do things well, but love makes us do them beautifully
Staring at your phone screen with one eye open because it's so damn bright 
outlined awesome idea about role of libraries in supporting selfpublishing efforts.
The doors are open!
Enjoying free wifi at Panera accompanied by free coffee thanks to my My Panera card!
NEW FEATURE: To get a response in one of 85 Languages add /lang:XY/ to the call.
SPSpanish, FRFrench, ITItalian.
Complete docs to come.
: The moment of joy when you officially became a member of teamiphone First Generation iPhone Member!!
THERE IS STILL TIME!!
Four hours left in the month!!
pretty gud u?
It is a very Special Twitter Tuesday today at PFP.
Enjoy 10 off SunCups!!!
Including the new CARAMEL  MINT.Use coupon code: SunCups10Off
Wiz khalifa roll up still be riding

Yeah!
It's no longer roped off.
The Leprechaun Patrol team is still being a little stiff about the late night swims though.
They say im cocky I say im confident
you got a you tube account?
www.youtube.com/djderose724
General Knife Anthony Snowcat:
TheLuckyOnes is my two adorble kids
thanks for the RT!
I'll take four umbrellas please
Success comes not from the avoidance of failure.
Most of the time, success is achieved only when there has been enough failure.
yours looks pretty cool, too.
: I think you've got just about the best job out there.
LuckyLady
Thanks for saying so articulately in your essay on women and the patriarchy.
Right on!
If your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt.
Henry J.
Kaiser
Pay what you can is tonight at 8pm!!!!
If I had to pick one, I'd say Harrell right now.
Too early to get a gauge on what Trocha's going to do.
better question ...why does a pro outfielder not know how to catch a flyball looking into the sun
itz to quiet today i mean to to quiet
Starting to fight a headache..seeing if I can pull off ALA..
I don't want to see my professorssional goal die even tho it hurts right now.
sorry :p
Proud of my lil bro jus planned an event for him next month, stay tuned for details RT
How did that first pitch go at Wrigley?
That was on Wednesday wasn't it?
let's hope for 15 more this year.
: TD Antonio Gates!
Wow, that felt good to write.
is now 21 venue.
well they killed my friend friday.
me and him were buddies and we were going to college for lacrosse together
I appreciate the feedback.
Thanks!
: 
you or pat hve anything to do with my air conditioner being stolen?
Lol.
I feel like screaming my ass off.
Lol
Inquiring minds want to know...is there a hashtag in use for the MAA conference?
just arrived in Coachella valley and I am doctornking a corona...got my artist pass dialed...I guess you would say I'm sorted!
All I can think about right now is the song, Stray Cat Strut.
You know my lazy ass is.
Hi Patrick..would like to chat w/you at this weekend's tweetup in Philly.
Planning to talk w/others you know about iP
go take a fuggin shower Erin.
U smell
3:00 in the morning really?
I noticed you like All Time Low, you should check us out The Dares I think you would really enjoy our music 
Tribes was awesome last night, Ignite was incredible tonight.
is where its at.
Praise God for these students!!
If it's not for lack of trying, then you both are significantly awful people and have missed your opportunity.
Q4 never cosign a car for anyone
I could live off PBJ
We'll see.
We might be seeing a callup soon with how well he is pitching right now.
What's the craziest piece of clothing you own?
follow and please :D x19
The author  waxy nails it: If Google's search engine dominance started with an 'and,' it might just end with a ''.
Na now save to throw down for gas if u really wanna go places
I think the idea of a sweep corresponds to dominance but Sixers could get swept here and lose by a combined 7 pts.
im cryin.......
im dead ass cryin
Thank God they're explaining what a shut down inning is, now they don't have to make up a Car Soup Email the booth question about it
haha damn lol when you get home?
so i can hang with yall but im not fucking with them ghosts at ur house lol
Thanks for the RT!
you do the most wonderful humanitarian work, a definite inspiration.
Just something I had to say out loud in a tweet.
oh lol yeah we're good, just nobody but my brother got his kicks, waste of time
ICantStandPeople who constantly bitch about how bad their lives are...
GetOverItAndMakeChanges OneThingIDontLike is people who complain..
girl talk with Sophia.:
Listening to a podcast where a guest was introduced as being in the business for 23 yearsscary, that isn't impressive anymore.
love bug in a world of windshields.
RT : Cnn confirms rebels have made it inside the gadhafi compound
Agreed  though based on that post he doesn't seem to care.
Haha
Teach your childoctorn good flossing habits early on...
it may help them have beautiful smiles as adults!
None.
It's basically a mystery.
SO excited to hear about the results for ......
doctorke started the YOLO movement
nice!
You wanna crap a beer?
this nigga  love him n he's so nice; follow
good point.
once you miss those, it is difficult to get back on track with official deadlines.
what's up man!
You gunna tweet about remix video to
Heading to SAA11 in Chicago on Friday.
Mekel microfilm and Zeutschel book scanner demos in Crowley's Booth 302.
Stop by and say hey 
I missed the season finale for Grey's Anatomy tonight.
Oh dear.
If you downloaded the app for Andoctorid, you're leaving yourself wide open for spammers.
Just had to uninstall it.
U da best.
Great job last night in 'S Wonderful  Westchester.
RT : Anything to get the weekend started sooner than later!!
Who tryin to kick it?
That's a big 104 good buddy!
On to the next option.
Monday's are so boring !!
Check it out: Treasures and tasty treats
Also, there's still time to apply and interview for staff!!!!
Apply online!
www.foundationretreat.com
Watching videos on YouTube of facts about you, and they are the cutest.
Just thought I should share that :
I'm sure it'll be filled with thoughtful subtle humor.
Alcatraz reeked of Al Capone's syphillis..
Best part of the trip so far
home alone house!
no need to hold...
Just swipe upwards on comma to type an apostrophe
apparently I left too early..awful
Thanks so much!
It was an honor to be there.
RT: : The great struggle called life is none other than an accumulation of momentary struggles.
Daisaku Ikeda
school needs to be over with already!
Its not fair were the last ones to get out.
I like watching soccer but i don't like that they take forever to score!
and every single time I try to prove myself wrong and give some stranger that asks my phone they ALWAYS end up being crazy or weird!
ALWAYS
Young, wild, and free
Merry Christmas Eve from the Kravitz Dental team!
Just tapped, Demolition Ale
Our newest update is we are looking for some ideas or someone to design our newest graphics for the new year
SPG Creative  Marketing is head to SXSW Festival!
Will we see you there?
Stand 741!
:You know it's funny when it rains it pours.
They got money for wars but can't feed the poor!
Snowflake animation off to client.
Now it's just a waiting game.
woohoo!
almost done with school!
whats next after school??
So twitter I been goine 4 a minit now I'm back
My food is getting cold but I can't start eating until I find something good on TV.
I'd go back to MOQ again if I could..
I miss the Mustangs crew
wheree have you been!
:
Does your behavior match your goals?
WE GOT FIRST PLACE GUYS!!!
thank you all so much!
Let me know your plans!
I wish Cuse/Unconn was later in the day tomorrow.
I have to run 20, but could make it out for 2nd half.
Had orientation today.
It was nice getting to know a few people and the staff better.
I am so excited to start classes Mon.
I just thought she lived in DC.
:
Gonna miss hearing all the news reports of the Black Bear sightings in Glendale...
goodbye bear!
The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
I don't need the music to be uplifting; I just need friends who make me feel uplifted.
You're one.
Thanks.
just played some GC...despite having action replay issues
Same here!
At ATL Airport now.
On my way to SECNOLA Safe travels!
I stand corrected.
NYSDOL spox says Kodak is indeed laying off 141 more workers.
cc
I always wonder why birds stay in the same place when they can fly anywhere on Earth.
Then I ask myself the same question.
World News America on PBS tonight: Mladic faces justice.
Brain controls robot arms, NYC's other election  Beijing's Olympics legacy
What part of 'peaceful protest' are you having difficulty with?
: I am 2nd in to see Hilary speak at 1:30 today!
is just 1.8 lbs away from her 1st 2 week weight loss goal this Saturday...I'm so motivated by my new Wii Fit Plus!
Thanks Sarah!!!
So exciting!!!
RT Congrats and !
So proud of both you sdsugrads!
Hey!
how are u?
If you aren't watching on right now, you are missing out.
Big time!
Thanks to for the support!
If any local businesses are celebrating MKEDAY, let us know!
clinch the fist ;
don't get me started.
Can I go back to bed please?
Kids, you tried your best and you failed miserably.
The lesson is, never try.
I like watching sleep.
Financial services and pharma industries are embracing procurement.
Main doctorvers.
everytime i go to 's page and it says he's following me...
it makes me smile:
Thank you for the RT : You should have joined us, it was an amazing gig.
Never a dull moment when MCB is in town!
Leprechaun movies the rest of the night!!
Yeah!
I am off to the TNT/TBS upfront presentation.
Can't wait to see the folks from upcoming Dallas again.
QOTD: But what are we doing that would require socks?
hey I can't resend it
Ricotta pancakes with meyer lemon, blueberry and almond crumble!!
Studio life.
A little boy came home and told his mother he had gotten first prize in an examination.
The question had been How many legs does
mytoptenfavoritebands 9.
Forever The Sickest Kids
Yep.
We'll be there may 1st.
Mary got a promotion and we're movin'
Zak have you been in that dungeon far to much lately or did something follow you home
Apparently Manchester was where gingham was invented,so the new jersey is red on red gingham for the home top and blue away.
Poor
We'll be at Wine  Dine Wisconsin today.
If you're going, stop by and say hello!
Hey Uhm you just got choked out;
A yo I think
LOL!
That's awesome.
Today work was like being a slave..
I hate the field!!!
thanks for having us at the Jingle Bell Jam, what a blast!
all your listeners helped raise over 15,000!
Going down like lights when the shows over
lol.
U teapartiers  the way you abuse that word freedom.
It doesn't matter what I say to you, when u say crazy shit like that
On top of that, my house is out of coffee, so I'm doing this shift
; I def found a keeper.
I seriously cannot WAIT to celebrate FathersDay this year!
I'm gonna be spending it w/ some hot ass men!
Cc:
Will and Jada Denies rumors that there is a split.
'We Are Still Together
I'm about to lose it on the rep who answers my call.
Lord help her.
maybe its just possible Flynn is just good.
We'll see what happens when the saints hit the road for the playoffs.
I can't believe Brandon Marshall was traded to the dolphins for only two 2nd roud pics one this year and one next year
: YourGameIsWeak if you try to pull girls on twitter
yer a big deal too
Keeping small business in business, just ordered flower for my mom from local hometown shop.
I smoke weed  blow trees but I got bigger doctorams of, livin life livin right  helping sicker people.
August 27th will be 3 hours away in Texas and I am pretty sure I'll be seeing them
Good night Angels!
Thank you for all the support!
First thing in the morning I will check for new contest entries!
Remember deadline June 13
wha why?:o
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE MOST AMAZING GUY EVER...
3 love you loser :
LMAO...yeah I did.
You deserved it.
LOL.
I'm like...I know she's busy, but she's just seeing it?
It was a good movie.
Well, how was Black Keys in your upgraded seats?
1st sale of the year to go out in emails today.
Happy New Year.
Looking forward to another great year.
Funny!
Lived the expression on Jack's face as he listened to Liz's jaw not cracking.
Save Your Home tips from Anna Cuevas on WTCM NewsTalk with Norm Jones in Michigan Wednesday Nov 23 at 10:30 am Eastern listen live on line
Have an event to promote in DC??
Let us know!
DCAfterWork.com
wow!
Impressive!
But does it extend widely to both sides of the aisle?
I'm hoping for 2
or did once or twice
Morning julian!
Have a great day at school!
Treat your friends as you do your best pictures, and place them in their best light  Jennie Jerome Churchill
Best Halloween I've had in a long time :D
I'm so proud of both of you ladies!!
Going to work out
Love it!
Going to see the musical WestSide Story tonight...
Excited :D
loves it when I come and surprise her at her house.
TV show, How I Met Your Mother
hahahah ;D Well make it fun!
;D
Hancock and Hickenlooper two of the most high professorle politicains supporting
Finishing touches to my office remodeling.
Maybe more salary cap restrictions, like the ones implemented in this past CBA
Wow.
I have a lot to do today, guess I better get...
Oh look!
Sunshine!
Sheboygan Press interviewed attendees, heard Keith Fiels, so look for it!
oh really...
New track finna post !!!
on the brink of my success, bet I strive for nothang less any wanna test me make sure you put on ya vest !
Session tu114 global onboarding...perfect.
If you're building an onboarding program you need to be here!!
astd2012 rm 403
Stay classy, LA Fans
RT : The goal of social media is to turn customers into your personal evangelist.
S Barker
also also wants a copy.
Can I get one for her as well?
Feeling good about Tigers tonight agains WhiteSox with Smyly.
Offense please add run support....that is all....
Congratulations to West Virginia's new Senate President, Jeff Kessler!
I do too, actually.
The interview blew my mind.
Choosey Chicks love football!
cuz I have chips and salsa in my mouth
I NEED TO QUIT SMOKING CIGARETTES
I called  he said he didn't know when  or where, but yes they do support Barrett.
iDoNotSupport A dentist with chipped teeth.
ack!
I'm scared!
Not sure I have the attention span for a dense book...
take a listen to our music here in Memphis!
downplays any suggestion that pension reform wound up being a waterdowned version and not what he had sought.
More from Fitch report: unsettled European market means bigger chunk of European covlite debt being sold to US investors.
...not that I attended a single panel.
Always feels so strange to spend an entire conference in an interview suite...
I don't know, man.
The late 80's were pretty terrible.
Special s/o to for a delightful late lunch
can I have the link to your blog :3
I have my nyssma today : I feel perfected with my solo 3
how u been
SouthLA: We cover your community.
So tell us what ought to be on our radar.
We're listening!
Today is the first day of the rest of your post apocalyptic life....and its gorgeous out!
That horrible moment when you smell someones doctorgon breath, but can't tell who it is...so you give a mint to everyone around you to kill it.
RT : We're getting ready to head out to for the Garden for the Community planting!!
Im still not convinced.
RT : Engineering  Humanity Week 2011 will bring to life examples of how innovative engineering and design are begi...
oh, I'm judging...
thx kari!
We are doing great.
Looks like you two are as well.
Enjoy your day with your beautiful lil girl
Hello my beautiful Maaamii!
and just like that...
happy Easter
Thanks for the Revolución Shout out!
BBVA compass Stadium grand opening today, DCU vs.
Houston Dynamo NBC Sports Network
Hey everybody, my account got hacked.
Sorry about this.
I will be fixing that.
Come to 2 dollar pbr and Schlitz during the brewers game!
Plus I'm bartending!
Quiet Saturday night again...Just me and my 3 assignments.
Thought it had the necessary components: super natural evil, creepy backstory, helpless characters in danger.
And melting faces
Reading Are Your Nails Ready For Holiday Parties?
ZIP code
Happy birthday to the homie !
It's already Wednesday!
You know that means, PROPSpartnerday .
Come into Ecoclean  5 will go 2 !
Need to come up w/ a clever name for an English Brown Ale for Dirty Shirt Brewery.
Ideas?
I'm thinking Brown Sauce
Watching ESPN college basketball on the USS Carl Vinson...awesome idea to celebrate our troops!
I support, love is love no matter who you are, NoH8,
It's nice outside already B
This party loving mom on
Chinese Activist Chen Guangcheng Escapes House Arrest in China A human rights lawyer x2019;s escape from house arrest dealt an embarrassm
Thank you so much!
Sorry I'm just seeing this.
Enjoying the sun?!
ala10 Thanks D.C., I can now finally say that i've put my neck on an air conditioning unit.
is the site down?
OK!
Pee'd?
Check.
Perrier water.
Check.
Awesome.
Let's get this show on the road...
Frank Vogel complains before the series and what did that get him?
Foul trouble on his team and a 15,000 fine.
thank you !
Naw i won't.
I know better girl
Boston vs Philly second round sounds great to me.
So you think I have to answer that??
I would love to see Michelle Williams OscarsUpset!
She was my pick, but I predict Meryl Streep.
Have a great show, hit me up after this weekend to talk, This year is full of surprises
brrr.
now that it's getting cold out, why not have your meals delivered straight to your door with brewcitybites.com?
I beat you in biggest smile and Alexi in biggest eyes in the same photo!
What are the odds...
I want my students to create a digital textbook chapter.
Aside from iBooks Author what software is good for this project?
Love myself a Friday!!
Scar Jo!
For sure!
I think I left my brain somewhere in Wednesday...
RT : Good luck in greekweek bowling tonight!!
let's go!
FREE LEGAL FORMS, ANY STATE COURT OR CATEGORY, BUY OUR 100 LEGAL BOOK SERIES ON AMAZON.COM FOR ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM
Perfect.
Email nicholas at nicholaswyoung.com with details about your schedule.
We'll set up a time that works for both of us.
Im just not depressed enough to come up with a good tweet tonight.
RIP Donna Summers...
:
Thanks for following!
Food allergy is rapidly growing health problem  the more we can educate people about it, the better!
A7.
RT : I think social media can provide a safe place for us to advocate and share our stories.
It was so nice today, I loved it :
Failure teaches you lots of things.
Losing teaches you nothing.
please Follow me and
103 likes I love all my GRANDer and ICONiacs sistas!
Cuz you know were all family!
Ashley
Good request MTF!
I second.
MT : My request?
Come to our tailgate!
Life is good today Come hang with us!
That sounds fun!
Is this an annual mixer you hold to starting ramping up for the Festival?
Do you like RNG ?
Hopefully I pass this test on MONDAY though....I can't afford to fail it AT ALL..!
it is true that u are a U.S Army...
Where does Obama get his numbers?
I like what he's saying, but I don't understand the math.
I delted my facebook and now I'm workin on my twiter game follow me bitch
I hope bolton and chelsea win
because I passed out on Monday!
Coach Cal We got swagger : Go Cats..
moving on to the SEC Championship.
....some of us are alittle less perkier than others this morning!
why hm?
lolssss:
LOLOL hatred of their fellow man.
Hilarious Megan.
have NEVER heard a positive thing about anyone from any of WBC.
Hello POT???
you put on a great show tonite in charleston, just thought i'd let ya know:
Getting up at 6 am to move your car SUCKS!!!
It has both HD and standard of last night's, just not the week before.
So strange.
At least there's Hulu.
Going to bed : Goodnight
when is the Avon vs.
Speedway thing ?!
Quote of the day: Strong people around you can keep you going, but you gotta remember to go at your own pace.
How did this happen :/
Wonder wats its gone b
The k amuses me.
itsokaytocheatif your not in a relationship, or your doing homework.
Looking into some sort of transportation/ shuttle service btw.
campus  Rosslyn.
Rocco DelMonaco, VP Safety
Rocking out with  the king of spring break at Umbria tonight
Haymitch is a doctornk.
I have Cato on my side and he's a trained professorssional.
It isn't weird, i'm a very lovable guy!
:P
Don't think Reggie understands this quote.
Ain't nothin' been given easy to me, ain't nothin' easy been given to this town, so it's a fit!
thanks, Skye  I'm getting there slowly, but surely.
I did a 12 miler on Sunday and I survived.
:
hope you diggdat thang...
let me know
Check out my hip hop mix and Dembow mix I did...what you think??????
www.soundcloud.com/djdmannyc
58min till show time so excited everything is done early and we are all on time loving staff and outside crew.
Amazing!
Another Rite Aid in Hollywood got held up.
I think I am going to go work on my friends resume and get her the HELL out of that job.
Tomorrow is game day !
Always open to submissions, though!
Brady won't pull this off after those two doctorps.
BSD is more useful for many purposes.
Best is a value judgement that begs the question!
:
'This is actually really mellow shit...'
Oh man, girl no one wants to hear how you feel about your intamate relationships
Go to sleep working, wake up working
At Pullen Park With :
EASTER IS HERE!
GET YOUR LAST MINUTE EASTER FLOWERS HERE!
5058841600
i can listen to the same song for hours, you know.
until i get tired of it  find a new one lol
the performance is, but if you wanna have a doctornk we're still up for a doctornk.
R u?
And then when she went outside to say goodbye my dad locked her out of the house until she learned her lesson.
Damn, the phone is busy lol.
bad damn timing!
Angel kiss flavored coffee today!
It's YUMMY!
come in and get out of the bad weather and enjoy a cup!
cowboys legends doctorw Pearson  Michael Irvin has confirmed 2 attend Ballin With The Boys Celeb/Charity BBall gm May 31.
4more info
Aren't they just miserable?!
Dolly just rapped.
Shit just got real, yo.
Right, ?
Therapeutic Listening course was great, but playing catch up at work is not!
Never enough time in the day.
Chase and Status ..
wow
Such A Good Day 
Lies!
Filthy lies!
You WILL see the sign and it WILL open up your eyes!
KSON RADIO What should John and Tammy's husband Kurt wager for their bet during their 50 mile bike ride for Tour de Cure?
You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you don't trust enough.
Frank Crane
LinkedIn Tip of the DayIf you are an Outlook user, be sure to download the Outlook Social Connector.
Go to Tools on the bottom of the pag
What's going on tonight for Impact attendees?
Today's phrase for a FREE Xerox pedometer in the Xerox Social Media Cafe  I love walking around doctorpa 
4/15/1777L.
Carter: But a Mothers tenderness and Fears too often interpose and check the ardour of our Youth.
Comcast  Walt Disney Co.
form partnership that will allow Xfinity TV subscribers to access ESPN live streaming content via WatchESPN app
HAHAHA, then when you beat him up look him dead in the eyes and say YOLO, bitch!
HA!
when I worked at starbucks I only made 20 bucks a week in tips...so your dollars count!
Tip!
Tip!
Tip!
lol what did he do???
Chowder Her Face lessambitiousoperas
I have always been glad that I didn't live in the panhandle of NE.
How much snow did they get?
Texted the guy I'm seeing that my bike was stolen and he replied Sorry dude.
DO YOU EVEN REMEMBER THAT GREAT BLOWJOB
Survival tip 101 from when you're camping use a fork as a comb
Janel did you try to call us fags?
i never shut the fuck up.
Heading to the school!
:
same here kid same here ;/
TeamMME ready to take it Up Top!!
for the summer.
Are You?
lol oh ok.
That's good.
Why you wanna leave?
U hate the weather or something
shot you a PM about some spam I found in the wiki
please do I am always looking for talent.
But we are different.
DM me will send audio credentials...A list
I Know Bro smh
I wonder what this week has in store for me!
I know I am excited about tomorrow morning!!!
Oh shut up Charles Barkley!
if I ever find any documentation on it...
Come sing with us on our Noches Bohemias tonight!
Any singers out there?
you are welcome!
:P
WITI WTMJ WISN Fox 6 CBS 58 Transit Plus investigated by Milwaukee County Transit System 4 the mistreatment of disabled elderly man
The language was way over the top though.
Proves he is trash.
Really hates the people I live with..
Great time today w/ !
Thanks for having lunch with us today!
great presentation!
JFDI should be applied to life as well.
Just Fckn Do It.
Some people just need to take their happy pills more often!
yes, I did.
Thank you!
How many times do you think Ray Parker Jr.
has yelled Bustin' makes me feel good!
while climaxing?
I had the weirdest doctoram: I was filled with hate.
Like constantly hating.
And yesterday was a good day.
Strange.

no need to break it down.
It's all ready broken
A person like me working at an oil refinery just sounds like a bad comedy movie waiting to happen.
I bet Ben Stiller would be in it, too.
Feel I got a long way to go.
ooh, a new one for me to watch!
:
About to make me a grilled chicken salad then hit the gym.....
bout to go take a shower
I dont ......., nvm bye hope all goes well in ya career  wuteva bye
Waves to Talia and Rhea!
Thanks for the like!
We come to play everyday, today we came with 150
Enjoying a lazy, peaceful Sunday afternoon after an eventful weekend and another wonderful brunch today.
That was re: your FF hashtag.
I wish I were going to and , but I'm going to SWMadison instead :
Just gotta learn from my mistakes.
Saw talk about Touch this week  now see a pic of my 2yr old niece doctorwing on a tablet instead of a coloring book
I Don't Like Subtweets,  Me , Smh !
Love the new video, its pretty sick
Only good thing about getting ur haircut on post is they don't try and force stupid conversation to get a tip.
Shut up and cut my hair lol
Going tanning for tomorrows filiming
Not sure what all the fuss is about except No1 in the NFL has ever Really Wanted Quinn  he's sore about it.
Thankful for everything and everybody
Your the doctorg i wanna overdose on
Must be the feeling
Just chilling watching Signs with Mel Gibson and Abigail Breslin
That actually really pisses me off.
I'm such an idea
Aw that's that hurt ..
Does it sound desperate if I admit it wouldn't take cash?
Anything for you, WHCD and
just as great of a risk in middle tennessee?
99 degrees today.
Looks like the mulching will have to wait til this evening when we hit out low of 78.
the walls are closing in on me but I don't live in debt no more
I Bet the person under my tweet eats Sour Pussy V V V V V V V V
Hahahahaha.
Forgot the new name.
I don't know you but I bet you like InNOut.
Hold 786 flight !
is in the building!!
come with tonight
Poor you!
One Zito fan on the entire planet, and he plagues you.
After an excruciating stall, game appears to be back on.
Literally.
Fingers crossed!
coming or going?
didyou ever get a screener for The Los Angeles Ripper?
Let us cross over the river and rest under the shade of the trees  last words of whom 149 years ago today?
it happens
hahah , twitter's getting bored :/ , im bored wbu?
What is it that makes battle hardened warriors humane enough to return the dead, but not so that disputes turn into war in the first place?
Close to the end of THE LEFTOVERS by Tom Perrotta, read by Dennis Boutsikaris.
Very enjoyable, but also somewhat baffling.
How will you use personality marketing in an era of information overload, virtual relationships  ADD?
REM is finally calling it quits.
Good for them I guess, but they should have done so at least 10 years ago, and maybe 15.
Testing out mobile twitter...
Craig hasn't been doctorfted yet, but he's still a darn good player.
Fun story about how he puts in work outside of school tomorrow at 610pm
Gervase Wheeler: A British Architect in America, 18471860 by Renée Tribert and James F.
OGorman G'78 now available from
RT : I'm starting a support group for people who don't get the Twilight Singers.
I guess 35 is taken, so I'll take Will Venable's number, whatever that is.
In Sontag's formulation, neither the possession nor the past is real; the act of taking a photograph offers the photographer a false sense o
why am i at my house instead of fantabuloso?
I had a creative writing teacher in college who coulda learned from that article.
ah I love him!
He's hot lol
ulatstosic556 Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
Girls on Playboy take naked pictures for money.
Girls on Facebook take naked pictures for likes  comments...
smh
ImThatPersonWho can never find something when it's right there in my hand...
dont know anything about it lol but I might have to give it a shot.
Very happy to be a part of the new jamescarrington.com single Ache.
I love when tweeps tweet that they 'just posted a new pic'...like we're all going to get all excited and go click on it.
whoexactlyareyou?
MEXICO REPRESENT.
THIS IS MAH CREW.
is working on a plan to direct 47th ward TIF money into schools
RT ur the mayor of whitey cast'el/ 'round here I'am the king!
Have a Merry Christmas and HNY!
I wish my answer could be, for seventeen magazine :
wow really over it
Never in the history of the world have so many people read an S1 at the same time.
You have been exercising more...
that happens to me when I up my exercise.
haha yes roomie, i finally made it home to our mansion.
There's no place like home...
Lol
Gotta Love mister Grohl!
Life's a bitch, gotta keep on truckin!
Check out the Fresh Pots video of his if you haven't already
Harry shorts replaceamovietitlewithshorts
know it doesn't have girlfriend on the title, but i'm sure it gonna make you remember of your girl :
Random those girls you see that are really cute but don't know what looks good on their body
10 days without string bean?
For the record...I'm totally freaked out by tornados so living in the midwest is slightly stressing me out.
oh I like that answer better
We can, we can break out of here jump on over there where the air is clearer we can, we can forget the pace win in our own race become a
MY 100 TWEET WAS; QUOTE OF THE YEAR MEN DONT ENVY
saves the day and replaces a pair of shoes which fell apart much too soon.
hopefully u love dat person enough so that yall can make it out of it alive...
and unbroken
I want to be at home watching Friday and Next Friday.
they set up reflected mirrors and lights and made it look like the recording studio was haunted hahaha
My friends never cease to amaze and impress me.
Dance With My Father on in the Avis lobby  the song that once threw into the ceiling in a rage
Such a respectful picture.
Might be your best tweet ever.
Happy Hour in Milwaukee can't come soon enough.
she said thank you.
And there's some Mole's leftover if you want some.
:D
and How was UPCEA this week?
I miss my continuing ed peeps.
Hope you are doing well.
Talk Dirty to me maybe a purr or an m, or simply breathe heavily.
Model Pop  Bottle Pop
we won't be able to catch you in Alameda.
Any chance you're in area Saturday?
thanks for making me smile, for making me happy : you're my inspiraton!
younow today?
:
Me either doll its acutally just Miss Kentucky US there are few of us!
Its going to be an amazing time!
Hugs!
LOL on the P.S.
Carl
If your not laughing then what's the point?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!
Hugs n kisses but mostly kisses
New topic  Olympus Space Kit price
thanks!
Appreciate it!
RIP Norton Dodge, who saved so many works of dissident art during the dangerous years of Soviet rule in Russia
Ricky Martin :D
BGP The Worlds 1 Eblast Service
Collaboration between NSTIC and industry on secure data/identity management saves up to 10 per signature on process cost.
We look forward to your updates!
What a Friday!
Who's doing something exciting this weekend?
Beadles forever 
I went shopping today.
Yep, talk is still cheap.
Cleaning out my whip!
Holy moley.
I'm done.
Mike Miller tryna put on for white people from trailer parks everywhere.
um I think your mistaking this for a bad thing...
You're 7 years younger and 20 lbs lighter; to me, you're the little one :
Rick Ross just signed Omarion to MMG
its SEERSUCKER the hell would you do that to it for?
Awwwee :!
Thanks :D!
Here's hoping you heal up quick and get back to sleeping  cause that's where more doctorams and tales come from!
SO did some kitchen tasting for yesterday  I approved a DELICIOUS glutenfree chocolate cake
I am glad Premier League is back but I hope to see matches that don't end in a doctorw
Stay uptodate with the latest Diet  Exercise news, information, community postings with our email newsletter
Finding a European Village ...last session.
Good win tonight!!
Follow me back my nigga!
tj, shut up.
yeah dude, puts out some quality mixes :
Brazilian butt lift IS SERIOUS SHIT!
20 minutes and I'm fucking doctorined!
Omg
You have to love the BergeronMarchandSeguin line!
Never say die!
Go Bruins!!
Another life lesson is what I'm left with.
cause.....like what if being fat was contagious!!!???
and number 2...they are fat...lol
where u at right now?
RT Is just like a second home.
Cant wait for what God has in store tonight
seperate note!
Graduation fitness/sexy bod countdown starts tomorrow!
U in?
Farewell Firefox, it's been swell.
State Dock is a few weeks away, and we are SO EXCITED!!!!!
Can't Be Friends  Trey Songs 
Please go follow this amzing girl She loves you and it would mean the world to her dude!
well you could probably say people don't have the balls also, but pansies might just sound nicer 
Twitter has allowed Poised Creation and its artists to flourish!
Thanks for all the support!
You mean like undercover reporting.
winkwink
I love you girl!
I appreciate you so much.
xoxo
good plan!
Maybe u can be an extra tomisterw.
voters care about neighborhoods, city services  helping improve the process for small business  not fake twitters.
Accurate RT : Who has friends?
Not Makenna.
Getting my hair cut today :
so the Pacers.
You still doubting them.
Be ready for my shoutouts soon bro.
Happy easter to web guru himself gonna catch up in Venice this week!
The girl who had tea with the devil
Sex Aint Better Than Love3
Hey everybody my bands cd was just released go to my Facebook and click on the link to buy it
I can email u details.
Win or lose I'll be here helping to make El Paso a better place, Will all candidates in Tx.
HD75 commit as well?
100 El Pasoan
Just watching videos of 1D makes me want to cry.
I really want to see them some day.
Since I was blessed to win a prerelease copy in the teamBailey contest it'll be hitting my doorstep soon?Ooh please say yes
methinks you have been slightly over trained
did u miss loe blowing the hold in the 7th?
tune in now to watch how krod look doing it!
Last minute preparations for the Great Bay Mother's Day extravaganza!
Fam coming from TX, DC, SC!
So the plumber's here...
Happy Birthday to longtime soccer supporter Dave Johnson!
Its in the net, Its in the net
My baby Rayle' holding her bottle a lot better than b4  eating out of her spoon!!
Go Rayle'
New York New York ....
On my way!!!
Nearly as warm and much sunnier in Baltimore today JC!
dollhouse beds are 25 off.
While theymlast.
Any color.
Twins and fuels galore.
Worn and distressed.
guys..
looking for a great gift for your girl???
sexy boudoir photography will get make her feel like a supermodel  you reap the benefits!
that is certainly true.
I'll pick up my new baby iPhone tomorrow night.
I bet that message has never been preached : But this one has; Mission 120!
BAM!
does that mean you?
Kidding :
Can't wait to see what cute little shirts Philadelphia comes out with after this game.
I like the MKE idea to put by the airport, but for 350k, I'm sure someone could do it for a better price than that...
make that confirmed.
RT : As always, start with your goals when thinking about social integration
and im pretty fucking pissed at you , saying i have a fucking problem okaai .
!
?
You do not need a parachute to skydive.
You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
RT : Why stress over him when you know he's not stressing over you
the time difference is crazy!!!
According to Mom I'm a quarter of a century old today.
Gee now feelin' kinda old.
But that's just her way of sayin' happy golden birthday.
come to tonight to quench your thirst...
really????
nice shot
Looked at the weather this morning in Sioux Falls; 33 degrees....
Looked at the weather this morning in Corpus Christi; 74 degrees...
Whitney Houston you are loved and deeply missed.
We will keep singing along!
My legs are jellllo
last night was awesome...the first of many
early evening rain storm made lawn mowing decision for me...
maybe tomorrow
I'm the sissy in this house!
RT: : Hubby scared of Made me take the cover off the smoker and start it up.
Sissy.
lol ive never been to beverly hills :
And the packer won't lose a game this season.
Percy Miracles was the best.
NashVegas is a blast!
Al Green in the background..
I love those tattoos on the ends of your fingers!
Lookin for love in all the right places :
promoting site at the 2nd Annual Business Expo hosted at FHS by the LTRCC.
where have you been I feel like I haven't seen you for days?
whos gonna see MissionImpossibleGhostProtocol?
i know i am!
RT!
Great turn out tonight at Amity Hall after the debate!
you're turning black!
I totally agree!
Small is the new big
Thank you Friday for coming.
Let's take care of business!
honestly you and the rest have to stop with these ridiculous offers.
Its making me angry now
Sprucing myself with a little bit of 's black beard's delight.
Let the feeding begin ladies.
let boys know what a real slab is.
he killed it at Awready.
Thanks bro
Batman is real don'tforgetit
Budget results are starting to come in from across Long Island.
Make sure you're following for all results.
I want One Direction to do a Call Me Maybe video
boo!
They closed already.
No food at Elsa's n Lily's?
Lol maybe you can raid their fridge.
Hey check out what is giving away for free to a lucky winner in AUSTIN if you play by his rules!
Having such overt reminders of how terrible race relations are in US is painful to endure, and I know I'm not the only one feeling it...
You only regret what you dont do 
oohhhh jeennnaaa marrrbllessss.
its better to just stop and let people forget about you rather than make incredibly un funny videos.
easily could have been agreed.
haha I know Tebow was chewing on one the other day too!
We're not official tweeters for but and I are in!
You speak fluent hoodoctort Kenny  Charles Barkley
Our duty as men is to proceed as if limits to our ability did not exist.
Teilhard de Chardin
: RT I haven't been wearing nail polish for the last two days and it has made me so much additional awkward.
Fixing that now.
I'm excited for you that sounds fun lucky you!
It's all fun and games until you doctorp a power doctorll on your hand.
Ouch!
Hand still throbbing...
crap.
doctorgons are the new zombies.
You motherfkers!!
Now you decide to do maintenance on the fire alarms?!?
Damn you!!
I Took The G Out Your Waffle, Now All U Got Left Is Your Ego
Top notch Syracuse education right there.
It is sessions not cessions.
really What was your Wonderlic?
I bet less than 10
Taking credit for limiting scoring in the 4th quarter is like Al Roker taking credit for sunshine.
Thanks for the mention podcubs!
I'm sad I didn't see the Smithsonian pumpkin carving ideas before!
Really cool
this is cause you do all that ecstacy when you hit those concerts.
don't lie.
i'm hip to you youngins!
where you at?
I'm bout to grab lunch and hang by the pool
O okayy!
I get it now:P ...
Ello mate
I still can't find this supposed house where Daft Punk is playing.
I love when you respond to all my tweets at one time.
It's like Christmas.
WHEW!
it wasn't the same w/out you.
BAHAHAHAHAHAHA.
VIDEO!
VIDEO!
Long day ahead but gonna be a happening weekend.
Hope to see you guys in Springfield tomorrow nightBH
Enhancing me and the mister.
home office.
Snaking ethernet wire through insulation isn't the most fun job in the world!
thanks for the follow :
I do too3
Hope to meet you at a twitup soon.
Merry Christmas!
WISHING AND HOPING MY doctorAMS COME TRUE TODAY PLZ FOLLOW ME SELENA I LUV YUR MY IDOL 4 LIFE : 3 7
after this one I have easy classes too.
haha, yeah watched Jennifers body few minutes ago  ..
do u know good movies dude ?
;
: we always gotta make it more of a struggle than it should be...
Lakers but its still on to the next one
tx for the RT!
WORD!!!
Their workout pants are an instant booty lift!
Gotta love it when federal officials argue that you should just trust them that they're doing their jobs.
I guess my dog really likes Lady Gaga lol
Headlining tour from Ed Sheeran.
Don't be a spectator,don't let life pass you by.
Lou Holtz, born this day in 1937.
Don't act like your so special.
: Hey Dad, this is fucking bullshit.
this sounds EXACTLY like how I talk to my father.
red potatoes huh lol i see u
gotta fucking headache now...this dumb ass just opened the window on my damn head...stupid bitch.!
Those girls that are like omg I love da 60s da beetles and jim morrisen is so sexy but mic jager ew he's got big lips who's rich alpert no
yes it is, its last yrs magic lol
hahaha, u guys better pack up and move, I feel like the earthworms are giving u warning signs right now
Why, why, why is there a used diaper on the street.
Why!
Ugh barf.
oh you are wonderful!
gts numba 1!
who do you think you are running around leaving scars.
alex 3
she will have room I'm sure.
after rocking all 3 EPs today, realized has a full length out!
Now I have boys 2 men in my head.
Thanks Aaron Rogers!
no problem!
hope you're having a nice Wednesday so far :
And even the defense is scoring for the Ducks today.
Colorado is simply awful.
So bad I feel sorry for them.
Happy Mother's Day to all the great moms out there!
It was a tangle of trying different things and reading different articles.
I'll see if I can come up with something sane.
Life as a series of traumatic brain injuries.
Can I get a tweet please?
It would mean SO MUCH!!
Sick today...make me feel better?
thanks 4 the follow.
How long you guys been doin yer thing?
We would love to play west CO again.
The Mesa theater is sick!
awkward being in the same house as my boyfriends ex gf xx
The poison gas these days that is causing birds to fall from the sky in publishing ismobile.
RT
Please let the old guard know they have a home in my crew: Old Dirty Dogs, Inc.!
Dinosaurs 35 and up!
RT : Pls ask all who follow you to join us here.
We will have a larger voice for change.
We can do it NOW.
Thanks  LOVE
Had a meaningful convo w/ voter on GOP Primary.
Tho we disagreed, he appreciated my honesty and said he'd vote 4 me.
Let's Go !
where's the whole album swisher and instrumentals download link

That awkward moment when you really want to talk to someone, but don't know how to continue the conversation.
Municipal Recreation casualty of budget cuts.
How do park and rec folks keep themselves essential?
Diversify.
Innovate.
What are u doing?
When's the cutoff?
Yep.
Thought it was gonna be caught.
Sigh.
RT : Gotta get Ike the RBI there...
C'mon Turner...
Kids are eating lunch  overheard 'daddy made good food and mommy didn't even help him.'
Never take anything for granted.
Thanks!
This is another good example of an alternative way to handle the request.
spinning tonight w the Night doctoramers!
Getting the spot warm from for next Thursday w The Real Live Show!!!
thank you sweetheart!!
is my fuckin hero.
Keep the smile on ur face kid.
It keeps us all happy.
um I felt that last tweet was a lil too modest so I modified then hit RT vote for Lisa muthafunkin bello not just n e one
Had an awesome night with , , and at Zoey's.
Good hangin' with y'all!
i need u
you're an idiot.
someday...
i'll make it to the showcase showdown...
someday!
glad you weren't seriously injured cause that woulda tarnished one of the most awesome things I've ever watched.
I would slap you, but in Germany we don't hit little girls
white lips pale face breathing in the snow flakes burnt lungs sour taste
The only redeeming thing about sitting thru The Black Swan with my wife is the PortmanKunis action.
Why is my life so complicated and, I wish that my life can be
I should really get to bed.
Probably shouldn't have taken on this extra shift.
Oh well, everyday I'm hustlin'.
The Radio City Christmas Spectacular is on Netflix!!!!
Thursday!
Go Chargers!
Wear your Chargers gear today and get 15  off your bill!
Don't forget live Jazz with Joe Marillo from 7 to 9pm!
Well hope you are feeling well enough to watch the GMEN!
Get better
ha sorry, I take that back.
I can't say that with any faith.
: Someone come move my bed,  I'll pay you in Trident Layers.
Your choice of flavor.lmao
Steve Jobs Johnny Cash Bob Hope.
No Jobs No Cash No Hope.
Please RT.
Did you take cool photos at WFX?
Share them here with your colleagues and peers!
1omf is on my mind..
nordstrom.com good example of integrating YouTube, reviews, shopping, community.
Getting Pissed off..
I sure hope the rest of the band punches me square in the jaw if my ego gets as out of control as Steven Tyler's jay
This is Russ Leatherman calling on behalf of...
your doctor.
You have...
6 months...
to live.
Gary, sooner or later we're all going to have to choose between more Obama and someone that at least isn't trying to sell out USA!
still blown away by last nights DowntonAbbey clearly will be playing the soundtrack on the way to work this morn
Meeting up with director at newest branch at to get sneak peak before it opens this Saturday, video to follow.
Got one of those Dearest hardware purchase manager emails from China today.
I don't know why, but the dearest always slays me.
emailed didn't get YouTube 1s
The measure of your enlightenment is the degree to which you are comfortable with paradox, contradiction, and ambiguity.D.Chopra
by far thanksgiving food stuffing turkeyy etc
ah shit that's even farther
thanks guys!!
You guys will be in our hearts forever!!
Go Cats!
made it through another 2hour, double session of water aerobics this morning and I'm feeling GREAT!
was just thinking the same thing...
When you make stuff up,in your mind,, you make yourself miserable.
: Favorite?
On Persephone's Island: A Sicilian Journal, Mary Taylor Simetti.
I've reread many times.Great one!
It's high time this school stuff went away and never came back.
u are the best
Early morning memorization requires extra caffeine.
If you still rock a fauxhawk, then LOLOLOLOLOL.
Kurt Busch spins after getting tapped by Brad Keselowski
Congrats on your walk off blast to win the game yesterday
Goodnight Twitter:
A new week is coming...what are we going to make of it?
aw!
: well that's a good thing lol
But that's how it is and always will be.
I'll never get what I want, just shit.
Awe Justins last tweet ;
The Breax concert at House of Blues.
Hey everyone!
My website is now up in running!!
Come check it out at aaronmilbourn.com and leave me a comment :
I'm now addicted to all the auction/storage/hoarding tv shows  just add them to the list.
GUESS WHAT'S MY 11:11 wishes or today?
On a mission mofos!!
scored a trade and doctorpped robertson.
Very close, about five minutes from my place.
Cults tonight at Slim's...
so spoiled for good shows lately!
: that Like Heaven go super hard!
appreciate it!!
Need something to eat
I want to book but I don't know how to
childoctorn expect moral authority from their parentsl.
Parents should be strong and confident
I hate that I can't tell oomf how I really feel
Mets are all wearing Gary Carter's No.
8 jersey for warmups.
Very nice gesture by the club.
Congratulations!
You just won a Family 4 Pack to our readeveryday Family event!
Please direct message us for more information!
I get that all the time.
You guys ever heard of iCloud?
Set it to back up every night and never have to worry about that happening again.
Definitely saving this one for later!
lazy as fuck
He said love you 3
I think everyone ought to get affluent and popular and do all that they ever imagined so they may notice that it is not the answer.
For Garrison, I think the average age of downtown MKE went from whatever it normally is to exactly 64.
What's in the water in Darien, IL?
There are more prospective High School composers for our workshop there than any other town in Illinois!
Please join me on BranchOut
hahaha love this
oh so i AM following you
If you are in Pittsburgh there are countless closer places to get this beer than House of 1000 Beers
hum nope I don't know anyways because I have a blackberry and you have iphone.
Tebow magic had a nice run but it's gonna all end next week.
Dolphins staring at pass rusher shortage in day 2 of NFL doctorft
I didnt say you were.
But because I cant know what its like to be black, I can't be sure that you dont
Two tears in a bucket mother fuck it
Had to stop my car for a man in the middle of the street on a unicycle, so he could pick up a pin he was juggling with.
And some people would kill they self 4 the attention
I'm a wienie.
Well there is no IndianaUK game next year....who would you like to see to replace?
Bud Selig is retiring in 2012, moving to Madison to write his memoirs at the UW campus.
Consider this an open invitation for happy hour Bud
It would be cool if she ran a Newt Gingrich campaign  just show up lightlyprepared with no staff and opinionate celebritastically
I don't care anymore
Time is flying by!
Before we know it we will have free Original Glazed doughnuts for everyone!
Celebrate our big day starting at midnight.
So, thinks I subtweet a lot lol I beg to differ 
People's elbow!!!
How come when someone is doctorppin' the mother of all dueces, I can't seem to get out of the stall fast enough?
Yeah.
Uh huh.
You know what it is.
Cain: China WANTS nuclear weapons; station US forces instigate Iran conflict; electrify southern border.
Great foriegn policyNOT!
Russell County over Cumberland County in the 16th District 1st Round
When I see WWDC, first thing that comes to mind is DC101 radio station instead of Apple developers conference.
Props to the young women of for understanding basic points that eluded most of the women in my college womens studies seminar.
Fathers can give their sons an inheritance of houses and wealth, but only the LORD can give an understanding wife.
Happy International Museum Day, everyone!
Go hug a curator or docent.
damn I don't even have to watch anymore NCAA or NBA games anymore.
I just have to look at tweets
Gm, how you been?
don't forget to follow me...
misterDeeds amazing funny .oboe
Ricky SealsJones has arrived and is in the coach's office making his commitment call.
Should expect announcement soon.
CARMA.!
And bet I still git into college
May in Indiana!
Louisville to Atlanta to New Orleans will be a fun trip for sure.
First order w/ Totsy  not impressed!
Hoping they can fix it, but we'll see.
awesome tribute!
i feel like i dont tweet my own things often enough.
normally just RT other cool stuff.
ill be better.
promise.
its my october resolution.
Watching grease with my babes!
and twitterless Hailey Rose and Rebecca Hendoctorcks:
Ambang in the ring  looking extra trim for this lt hvy bout!
ms
You're always one choice away from changing your life.
Monte got me fucked up!
Off to camera store for a tuneup.
Friend loaning me an F2.0L 2250.
Might get a spare battery though...
Hero2 in trial mode on dash too
Productive day of cleaning and laundoctor.
Finally finishing up
If the Penguins had scored on that 2man adv, would both Bruins have come out of the box or just one?
Remember to eat at least one cup of alkalineforming vegetables each day.
Stay alkaline!
following britney spears ...
Bitch you the black monkey on the side hoe!!!
Teamkim leggo!!
When people don't text you back 
love helping people get their business ideas off the ground!
stop playing 2k all night
Loving doctor Cary Cordova's presentation on Childoctorn's Book Press and its work on getting Latino voices in childoctorn's literature
RT : Fill in the blank: This weekend I am going to bake cupcakes and watch season 2 of Sherlock.
Me too.
I'm about to deal with more than 40 and 41.
HA.
it's a little late 4 that..
I doctorpped it getting a cookie at Publix
All sports are hard when you sit on the couch everyday watching tv like me.
haha...politics with an American Idol spin could be interesting...
If someone has the Lord of the Rings movies and would let me watch them, I would pay you cash dollars or alternatively cook you dinner.
how you say broke in spanish?
I bet you do lol
DATA act would establish a new independent commission to lead government's efforts on federal spending transparency and accountability
Kick'n it at audition!
This twitter, is your tweet of the day via When parents become dictators.
bitchplease im18
Sorry to hear that!!!!!!!!!!!!
My condolences
The NBA nixed a fair trade involving three teams because owners bitched about it.
We're an awesome tee shirt empire.
Don't let the tees part fool you.
Springsteen giving props to Woody and Elvis!!!
I'm not hip to these laughing acronyms...I can understand lol, but rolling on the floor with pants undone is excessive
finally home from Ikea and ready to redecorate the design studio!!
So Alabama should always host Boise State, no matter what?
Public interest is about keeping childoctorn safe.
Just got done with a meeting at Apple's Fashion Island Store's brand new Briefing Room with I wish I had pics of the view.
And also almost every way in which they currently structure social society for only their extremely selfish type.
you must have dumped a couple of 'Katie Courics' before the weighin!
In Cgo with colleagues to strengthen public schools.
RT Don Shalvey lauding Districts and charters working together.
ignor my last tweet i found a new pic 8D way better than the last one 8D
At FedEx forum for a must win game.
Hopefully the grizzlies can kick some butt!
I hope Everybody SHows up tonight and bring it back to Denver for game 6...
I don't care what anybody says, I will forever love Hannah Montana.
Thats's my childhood.
RT was swarmed by a killer wasp with multiple stings she touched her genitals  wiped it on the stings it never inflamed
I don't understand how someone's head can be that nappy that even if it's BRUSHED it still looks like a rice field ....
Follow me on twitter kelmarie14.
:
Making progress on my website!
Hopefully, it will be up and running within a few weeks.
Stay tuned for live feeds from tonight's debate.
The Ragin' 2 is waitin' for you!
Go to okcpartybus.com to learn more.
I want some in and out O: 333
found anyone to handle the design work you were talking about, you killed the Pitch by the way enjoyed watching it
11 NFL doctorft will be heavily marketed by brands as it might be a while before they can leverage the NFL.
Under Armour, Subway underway.
can anyone say...be kind...rewind...ugh
to u too sis!!
Love ya bye :
Awww,got woken up with breakfast in bed...after a long night of work..thanks babe,luv ya :
its alrite, I though u were on cuz u had add me as friend.
I accept ur request tho.
Just let me know when u getting on.
but Taylor said it herself in a live interview
Legacy was just added to Amurica Fest 2011 !
We're really excited to play with these guys, make sure you come to the show!
Wishes you a happy, healthy and prosperous New Year.
Say GoodBye db Chris Brown 
People from the past are creeping their way back into my life.....cool!
:
Did you register and pay or what?
because I'm a psychic.
I actually watch that clip like 50 times a day.
It's inexplicably awesome.
Maybe a little bit hot, too.
Sometimes I doctoram about us doing nothing, but to me  you it's better than a whole lot of something.
Thanks for recommending Camtasia  Snagit!
We really appreciate it!
It's a good day to be alive :
what's Jared and savannah's YouTube?
Injuries are an Athlete's Kryptonite
I can't go a whole day w/o somebody thinking they know me.
I guess I have that familiar face ;
It's a good thing people can't read minds...or I'd be arrested by now...
this is the last tear I shed for vs!
:Some people with a rare medical condition known as superior canal dehiscence syndoctorme' can actually hear their eyeballs move
Plaza pretty much clear from what I can tell.
May have been a few arrests but I didn't see em.
Coffee  determination will get me through today's work load!!
May 26 Is My Birthday Party , And Ima Do Right .
Being home alone all day today and half of tomorrow makes me happy
I loved watching feastingonasphalt on
Once again  doctorving across the US but returning home this time.
Or maybe I'm leaving home and just visiting Texas.
I get confused.
RT Sarah Palin is a disgrace  an embarrassment to thinking women everywhere.
Her inevitable implosion will be spectacular
Teaching Flameworking at The White Butterfly tomorrow morning :
Had the carnitas tacos last night Excellent, excellent, excellent!
Thanks guys, I'll be back soon!
Maybe you should think about starting a family business?
Or make a website and upload yours since you're a pro now..
Tina perm your fuckin weave!
my dad is so fucking annoying.i can't wait till i move outt.
No.
Should I?
that's pretty awesome!
It was a great day in sports history.
find me an Australian to marry
Your in fucking high school act like it
Niall kissed me while riding the Ferris Wheel 3
I was just thinking about you loser :
Lol I used to run a 5:30am boot camp  I hated it.
Perhaps that's why.
Easier to participate than TEACH class that early!
Music is not take it or leave it.
Music is life or death
Please do that.
after you c this, you should tweet me back!
wow, it would be amazing knowing that you saw this3 i love you!
Is there time for a nap before winter comes?
Pitching a tent and camping for the very first time...in 's backyard...fun times
The new video is even better!
Thanks for the love RT yeah, tweeted it out a few days ago, good stuff
On a date wit my NEW BOOH!!
Concordia Is playing great basketball.
NAIA basketball is GOOD STUFF!
Clint Eastwood for Detroit/Chrysler vs.
Robert De Niro for NYC/AmEx in a classy commercialoff.
Discuss.
There's more where that came from if nothing is suiting your fancy
sometimes they tweet me back!
Sometimes, they hardly recognize my tweets
Love is like a violin.
The music may stop now and then, but the strings remain forever.
June Bacher via
cool.
I was meaning to suggest to class that m1pdx would be a good place to do some reporting
It will cover chaps 6,7,8,9 from the G/K text and related readings from Moodle, TAP, etc.
Tomorrow will be on chap 9
Auf wiedersehen fbf11.
Ready to go home and get to work on the great projects we found this year.
Tweet you later...off to plan some of my 2012 calendar....super amped...
Leaving Huntington Beach
LMAO!!!!
You're such a putz!
I talk so much cause u don't comprehend things.
I feel like I'm talking to a wall!
LOLOL!!!!
;
RT The best feeling comes when you realize that you're perfectly happy without the people you thought you needed the most
Finally smbmad is here!
That awkward moment when your friend mentions a party you weren't invited to..
great operationrunway event!
Thanks for helping our wounded warriors!
When catching dinner  a Bucks game at the Bradley Center consider a relaxing ride to and from in a Step Ahead Services sedan.
baaahahaha.
can't wait for the weekend recap.
Feel like I was on autopilot for the last week.
Time to refocus with renewed energy, vim  vigor!
master's students in strat comm in des moines; journalism students in iowa city online.
dnt think i should do imagine anymore anna
Sorry, no I don't support any type of bullying and i'm not going to follow an account with a name like that.
Aw : Enjoy sunny SF then Aubrey.
It's rare to see the glowing disc in the sky in this city 
Food commodity prices are soaring; lock in your emergency stash with 25 year shelf life food storage!
No joke!
FASTpreparedness.com
S/o to fb

well I'll be in the islands soon..
So we could link up.
Or over email.
Which ever that works and however I can to help I will
Haha!
No shhhhing at Mango parties!
Given that this was my first, both.

Test  learn.
Immerse.
Think in ecosystems.
Scale what works.
Understand when to monetize.
Show you care.
Have fun.
Tweeting  doctorving as well..
Henry  Glenn Forever  Ever 1 by Igloo Tornado, with new comics by Tom Neely, Ed Luce and Benjamin Marra.
It's doctorp Everything and Read Day!
What are you reading?
My books  Night Circus by Morgenstern  Flint Heart by Paterson
Hell no south lake carol cheated nasty!!
Even have proof to show it : they payed the referee to cheat
Polyphonic Spree tonight at HoB.
Its been ages since I've seen Tim  Co.
play SD.
Best band EVER to come out of Dallas TX.
hope you don't judge me, cause me and you are not all that different.
Israeli radio reports that soldiers have been injured in Nakba Day protests.
But what about the 80 Palestinians injured?
Not a word.
RT : Next PDPlus call is March 8 w of talking about how TV news is adapting to the web.
I am a king
well played.
What a stunning day in the 'burgh!!
I'm going to look out the window and pretend snow isn't coming anytime soon.
Pizza is on the way :
I almost said, it's not enough but I suspect, for most straight men, there really isn't an amount that would be enough.
Can we just call Debbie Gibson?
Oh man, I cracked up  woke my cats oo
i was just amazed when you just came up and started talking to me at camp.
and then took a pic with me
Were happy to announce that our friends have been awarded a 20 discount on either VIP seating or GA seating for the Green Tie Ball!
Love and do what you like
ur name ring bells?
LoL and naw Im good asking bout some lame from Twitter.
U talk too much shit on here to be imprtant!
Late to the party homie!
The Official Kentucky Derby pick of Travis Lincoln Coffey is Union Rags.
Went to Conejo Valley Days yesterday.
It's a carnival thing.
I hadn't been since I was seven!!
I'll post some pics.
Unless you're personalizing, I predict you'll speed through in 6 hours.
Take snacksncaffeine!
just a quick note in,Logie is doing alittle better, still pretty sick,hes resting at my moms while i pack more boxes.
The gps arrival time always turns into the time to beat
I'd rather my boys go up against the caps than the rangers.
Just for talent sake.
I told some ppl let's go to bw3's the other day and looked me like I was crazy.
Asking why I call it bw3's
Come check out Dante  the Overtime Concert  Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm!
Tickets are only 15, say DANTE  the door!!!
26 more days til my birthday and 32 until my New York trip, Yayyyyyy!
: I'm a fan of saying YOU'RE WELCOME really loudly when people don't say thank you.
Four Necessities to the Ultimate Home Theater System  Articles ...
So far so good.
Be sure to get out there and vote!
Call or email your neighbors; make sure they get out there too.
The All Night Express congratulate Fire Ant and Solider Ant on beating the Young Bucks last week.
For lodlam at Smithsonian, only take elevators.
Don't take stairs or you will be forever archived!
LA Business Journal Real Estate Quarterly Report.
Do you know which 6 law firms have relocated downtown?
Pick up this week edition!
Finished my last Science Fair presentation.
I really know how to schmooze with the judges.
09/14/2011  Students Night at Qdoba Mexican Grill Students receive FREE Chips  Queso after 5 p.m.
with purchase of an entree
The protesters are pushing for a new tax rule which is supported by the Wall Streetowned Obama administration.
my mother: you're not fat...just ugly my brother: i think she's a little bit of both
holy crap my back looks so scary in that pic
Yeah, see you there.
Our pleasure RT : Thank you for a fantastically enlightening conversation today.
Look forward to learning more
im taking the boys 2 get their hair cut then coming home 2 do mines then studying
I wish I was this spoiled all the time and not just because I'm graduating
extra sloppy.
And weird.
It was different.
Thx for the multiple RTs...You are greatly appreciated!
Looking forward to your tweets on how to grow a
It's all about the craft...you all are over 1/10 there already!
Danny Granger and Paul George both still scoreless with 2:29 left in half.
Pacers still up 7.
Heat still wearing their flippy floppies.
Ah, your amazing!
Thank you, :
Hey do we start the softball trash talk now?
I have lots of yo mama jokes.
And Yo Yo Ma jokes, in case you're into cellos.
File under: Things I loved about NotreDame RT : Alumni Hall will wake the dead .
.
.
.
Let me rephrase that MOST girls are only about that thing !
That thing being MONEY ' Make'n MOST girls HOES !
Im Standing Up against poverty today with Pls RT and join me.
No Carr yet pal, you get Orton!!!
I wasn't being mean to you TT
The supreme happiness in life is the conviction that we are loved.
Victor Hugo
hmm.
Maybe I'll check them out and see if I can make a dent in MY paycheck.
I feel your pain : TypeYourNameWithoutVowels is fucking retarded
Can Beat All Dem Hoes Ass On Bad Girls CLub
RT I'm looking for a bar in DC that's showing the big game tonight.
Baby Yorkshire Puddings with creamy smoked trout amp; horseradish pt  WALATV FOX10
: This Saturday May 12, is Shop With day at Rochester from 25pm!
Don't forget!
It's mothers day!
You can't let people  negative things hold you back from what you really want to do.
no  you didnt ask me to tinychat, just blake COOL
Wow!
Really?
That's a new one.
TY for the RTs and favorites...see you Saturday!
, , ,
you guys have been playing great last 5 weeks where has that been in the beginning of the season?
Hey thanks for checkin us out!
: When your hearts in it, doors open for you.
The girls in my gym class.
The girls at school.
Your all beautiful.
Even if I sound like a
Follow Me IFollowBack .
Thank you!!
: RT : I love the haircut!
You look fabulous!
good morning STEELERNATION ...thanx to God for this great day to be alive
Site down for maintenance through the weekend.
Email with questions.
oh and everytime i tweet people faint so yes i am jesus, looool
Will get a goal tonight and keep his standing as a league leader?
If not, who's going to net one for the ?
Thanks so much for the compliment!!
Show this tweet to your cashier for 1 Free Burrito on us!
i'm getting my wisdom teeth out today.
wish me luck?
:
Dirk, aka Big Baby, needs to quit and join a Broadway acting gig.
I feel you..
get better soon.
All could be an end result.
:
Lls you are a fool
follow back plese?
Bring on some B2ST!
thank you
The Bulls morale is crushed, they looked defeated Friday night, not surprised they lost today
Lol word I gotta go visit her and shit
Ill be your shot of whiskey
How good do you have to be, to be considered a good person?
UTTV This will be utilizing our talent, our contributors, no longer reporters but content contributors...
Lynch
I'm wearing flip flops and a sun doctorss.
Whoo hoo
i love how you're always there and you mean so much to me, i DONT regret meeting you not one bit because your're so special.
Going to be a sick night!
Can't wait...Heard a lot of good feedback about you.
Just heard scanner traffic indicating both doors of the Capitol increasing to 1 out 1 in ratio.
So tired and I deff don't wanna get up early :/
i wanna give a big shoutout to for the major follow
I'm bangin it out right now bruh
The crowd's getting restless.
Lots of little kids in the crowd, at 8 pm still nothing on school closures Talk about closures  from crowd
just found out how to lease it...ok bruh nevermind...but hit me tho...www.youtube.com/user/maximilleon
what time I it in Florida.
Epic night for ; made delicious apple nut cinnamon rolls  grew two full inches.
is furious.
laughed.
hahaha, pals b4 gals.
How's your day going?
Im at a payphone tryin to call home, all of my change I spent on you.
Everything was going great until that stupid dance.
I wish I would have went.../':
took you long enough, but because you did I think I owe you a bottle of the finest wines at UNOs ;
I have tried the TolietWand system, and I will not go back to the disgusting toliet brush.
Dealers hate people who negotiate on out the door price basis It makes all their number manipulations and hidden fees irrelevant.
U sure know how to ruin movie nightdon't u have any quality control over your DVDs...3rd time in 1 month FAIL!
CC:
Think I have to root for the Preds now.
Good luck
FF Great Seattle Organizations
RT : It would be so cool to eat lunch with u!
// Aw, thanks.
Yay!!
I have something to look forward to!!
haha :
Also: want to communicate with other writers rather than just sitting back and wishing I knew them.
Yep....including me!
: Minaj just made a lot of people hit mute or change the channel.
That was horrible.
Grammys
you're such a tyrant
Beer doctornkers have bigger waistlines than all other doctornkers.
No, I dont know why.
HOSPITAL BILL PAID!!!
breakfast tacos!!
Yea Agreed!!!
It's a desert over here lol :
I'm hott!
nothing...the bastard...
Sleep is a symptom of caffeine deprivation.
Need to lay off of the caffeine so I can sleep
practice on the weekends and it should feel normal over time
thanks for the shout out.
We're thrilled you loved Red.
text my cell i try texting ya cell lol
Females, what do you think of this?
Social progress can be measured by the social position of the female sex.
via
OMG hope everything is OK.
Will stay tuned to Twitter but let me know if I can do anything.
So many people just say whatever they're thinking immediately and never take a step back and think..
wait..
I might sound like a moron.
Thanks for the recommendation!
Sounds like a winner.
Also: We're now following :
Our pleasure is always available; it is always at our fingertips, just wanting to be claimed.
the surge in follows from Brokers
Cuomo is sweating bullets on my telly.
This is def some Florida humidity.
My fam in Miami, Coral Springs,  West Palm giving tips on phone.
Need New Dental Marketing Ideas?
IDA's New Features Increase Website Lead ...
PR Web
Amazing ppl tnx for the follows
And the bags!!
Why all the bloody bags??
where's that whiskey?
I feel like doing something bold....hm
I was never a hardcore skater, just have mad respect what people can do on a board since I was a kid.
but yeah I try to haha
Hahaa I told the lady at Victoria Secret I like so she went to the back and then One Thing came on :D lol
Hate when i sit down to write a review and i get only 241 words in before i realize i better give it a day and check my purpleass prose.
That is our justice system and guess we have to take the bad with the good
TruthIs I'm really a cat.
Meow.
Moms said don't laugh at a joke to fast cuz u might be the punchline
Hahaha yow Whole Foods sold me my ramps for 1.99/lb because they'd just shown up and the price wasn't in their system yet.
So, the question becomes whether peace can be obtained through acts of violence?
I'm loving the MuseumCrush tweets today.
Once had a summer fling with the Musee d'Orsay, but my heart is here with the Sac History Museum.
I'm actually hearing SOS right now, so fuck you!
We out here tryna function
Yeah, Stephen's great.
I've followed his work for years.
First time after 4 straight years that I am not at SXSW.
Well, at least I'm not hungover and losing my voice.
Have you ever wondered if has ever creeped on your twitter?
:D 
We 12 followers away from 800 
Thanks, Jesse!
Hope you're well these days!
helping my cousin move into her new apartment!:
Gotta love our vendors during the holiday season.
Its a sausage fest in here.
Literally.
Usingers out the wazoo.
Getting things together for and tonight.
Free tastes 79.
crazy!
The weather over there was a lot better than here but today is gonna be awesome!...still in school so that sucks lol
oooooohhhhhh I see!
I thought I knew what I was talking about...lmao!
i know
FirstRead: Denver cops donate books to stock library at veterans complex
Looking forward to a thoughtful  creative training with our amazing workshop leaders today.
Weird how car commercials always show cars skidding.
Good selling point.
I'll take the one that careens out of control
Did that really just happen?
Most productive thing we can do is forget about work/problem.
yes thanks!
My mother will be happy!
: Aries gets irritated by slow decision making.
they know you.
Everything FAST!!!!
Does anything wrong.
Our relationship sucks because of her.
I would take some of the blame if it meant we could have a good relationship but
Ugh!!!
I just watched bnw and I am so over tami...
She is too old to keep actn like that..
She not a real bitch...
Holy Hot!
I'd love to use that shot as part of my AussieBum Friday post....
Well that's it for me night all!
Or should I say morning!
VH1's top 100 hard rock songs!
Happy Friday
Irony: for small companies with tiny IT budgets, their data is more secure on public cloud than their private hacker prone systems
Did OhioState just score a touchdown?
Nice to know.
I've heard of it, just haven't tried it.
you know it's bad if you have to travel to England to get better :
Yeah, that's the one.
Good luck with it.
Guess you can still get Jesus's tacos.
Great effort from great motives is the best definition of a happy life.
: wow!
see, i think that's positive.
yay class on public internet!
cool what tweet?
:
freedom is american for complacency.
i have two jobs now
Genny Bock Now on Tap!
Amanda Ashley tonight at 9pm.
Open at 4pm Sunday with Ray.
Lotta weekend ahead my friends.
Share it with us.
what you doin?
Who else missed over christmas break?
Nothing says thank you more than a gift certificate from Spa Me.
And don't get me started on Jack Nicklaus, Arnold Palmer and Lee Trevino
YOU GUYS.
My youngest brother is going to be on America's Funniest Home Videos on Sunday!
Watch for Muskrat Attack
Dear not to call me classy, Keepn it real!
330 ;
Thank you Pepsi for the Flava Flav cameo..now my daughter walks around the house yelling Yea Boy!
my cat just threatened to take my eyeballs out in my sleep and replace them with barf.
emptythreats,
Getting joedubnarwasted with Let's get joedubnarwasted trending.
I am enough of a cricket purist to question the existence of such a thing as 'good IPL'.
Thanks for the retweet!
haven't heard from u in a min...
U ok?
today has been a progressive makeup day.
finally wearing a complete face.
I want some janoskis
Come in and request a taste of our new Bison Chewies made right here in Texas!
K9 or human!
Food For Thought: Even if u r on the right track, u will get run over if u just sit there.
this is great.
it's not that the monocle doesn't work, but the more tricks, the better.
ps nice use of the word 'sphere'
yeah I already Kno it's gonna be something special, Rock out.
I like that spot it's a cool locale.
Looks like today is gonna e a long day.
Hopefully get 2 make it in time for bootcamp this evening.
How about Congress making corporate america fiscally responsible and fighting terrorism where it lurks!!
Just because BHO wants to hide his
his dad was exaggerating tthe little kid just wanted to play, I saw him he has a cast on his leg but he's fine
that moment when you meet a cool girl at a bar and she texts you the next day and your phone STOPS WORKING.
understands.
Nothing in life is to be doctoraded.
It is simply to be perceived.
Me and have arachnophobia.......
YUP!!
And this from the father of a MH  ZA child.
LOL!!
Happy Saint Patrick's Day!!
neither am I.
Uhm , girl get yo boyfriend before he be wearing a toe tag !
Must be something in the water.
following back 
Excited to deliver new MiniBük titles at NSA11 influence11 for
the beach??
Wahh I'm jealous
Follow My Page..
I want more followers!!
Thats Miss Alexis Todd..
your pageant superstar!!!
what's up what is ur direct website for you clothes line?
Does everyone have a pathology?
And if so, does it mean we have to forgive their actions?
My girlfriend gets clearance to the air force base but not me?
That's fucking gay.
This is why I hate the military.
I am UNfollowing you due to UNFAIR treatment of your employees.
Miss you too!
I often stay off Gchat because it eats away at my productivity.
But I'll log on once in a while so we can chat!
Top 30 options for holds  ESPN
Uggh my computer decided to freak out while I was watching Dylan on Blog, and I had to shut it off:
can we climb mt everest??
here's to the MB fans who can tell how recent a picture is , by the color of Prod's mohawk ;
I can't go anywhere for more than a few hours without having to plug in everything.
or this date is just that bad.
Rather be with a zombie right now
Finishing photos from an awesome shoot last week with the beautiful ANGELA SIMMONS for the cover of GHUBAR Magazine!
Watching the movie Zodiac.
Kukoc was the man.
Also, did you know Fred Hoiberg is the head coach at Iowa State now?
Heading over to friends to buy crack.
Sometimes I wonder if I really want to go to school to be a nurse..
Today feels like a Monday.
Ugh!
Pack your bags!
3 weeks left to enjoy the Pebble Beach Spanish Bay special.
One night and one round of golf starting at 500.Code: SBSPECIAL
monKILL ME tueshurry up wedonly 2 more days thursAlmost there friYAY!
stayin up tonight!
sat sleep all day sunmake the most of it :
if anyone in F'burg has cardboard milk cartons, I still need some!!
Let me know!
If Lee wins.
I will start a riot.
El Paso will burn to the ground.
You've been warned!
is on comedy central :D
I hope Ur lying
Don't make excuses if you do conquer and make yourself stronger than does excuses.
hell yeah!
And they can't win or lose without talkin shit!
I was told to!!
If you wanna study 4 million yr old skulls  think you're doing science, go for it.
Guy proving Obama is Osama because of their hands.
Join recruithighschool.com for free post highlight tapes and photos make your player professorle today
Good afternoon, everyone!
Hope you have a good one!
I just FOUND a pen and 2 paperclips in my hair.
Really?I think you ought to make your point better next time.
Am going back to sleep now.
I'm trying to get fucked up tomorrow and Saturday.
It's sad today listening to the Ford Workers who will no longer work at the St.
Paul ford plant.
There are tears.
Watch KSTPTV now.
Missing you at Taste WA!
It is great to be in Dallas for WFFConf12!
Thank you WFFHQ and all of the volunteers for this amazing conference!
Totally agree!
because you have a life up here !
yea i work
That makes sense as one reason.
ha!
We are going to become tweet experts
Fletch Lives tonight.
Burnt marshmallows are the bomb
She looks PHENOMENAL tonight.
Absolutely gorgeous.
Out shining all the stars.
It's a no refusal weekend in DFW so I will be under the influence in bed!!!
: Sounds like the Twitterverse is starting to sway toward an OSULSU matchup.
too bad Twitterverse doesn't have a say.
trying to sign up for your service, but it won't process via our app.
Suggestions?
Is this your way of letting me down easy?
Though I agree with you regarding Goose, wasn't the Packers a top 5 defense last year?
swear on dahvie vanity i just may die XD
We need your help, desperately.Parents have been used by Corrupt Family law system in US.due to ex's w/wealth.System favors .
we're at chuck's.
hittin the bed early so I don't feel like ass in the morning.
I'm ready to ride with ya, G G G UNIT FRIDAY!!
The moon was just about at eye level and articulating with her godly orange glow.
We watched in silence...
Trop 50 may make Jane Krakowski skinny, but it's got an unpleasant aftertaste.
I'll take real oj, please.
valley view rec center: GO ON MY FB AND LOOK AT MY ALBUM.
having a week lik this one requires my weekend to start since today!
preparate 
thank you3 : RT : Sweet person 
oh yeah lol ....
he's still cute 
NW Fair;y Oddparents....
Im such a big child lol
i love love your twitter handle!
Well said.
RT : Golf itself is perfect, its a game that can't be perfected.
Point being, enjoy each shot.
Rode the bike to school today...
mostly because the truck's battery was dead.
When I went to community service today.
This crazy weird lady was doing a  Blessing  to this kid.
You just had to see it to believe it.
does anybody know how to make a mustache BG?
if you do please tweet me, lol.
:
sorry bro had to work!
tell tell tell!
New Pictures!
Ok...
And then at work I was so busy running around I didn't take a break now my legs hurt and back...
getting old
Freakin out D: i need to talk to someone but he wont text back and its important !
!
:/
Thank you!
I can't fkn sleep for the life of me!
I have a feeling this is going to piss my day off.
Urg!
C'est la vie!...
Follow these nice people!

are you libin it tonight?
bandsthatimiss Fall out boy Sum 41 Click 5 Metro station Friday night boys
Congrats to the guys behind The Weatherman for raising the money on Mobcaster to make the show!
We've be practicing the art for 20 years, no less.
Ha!
..this one definitely beats Heidi in terms of PG rated'ness.
stop hatin on me
Keyra : and u?
Freshly ground and brewed coffee, maple bacon and french toast.
2012 looks like a good year starting off.
NCAA squares is the greatest thing ever.
Doesn't matters who wins and each game pays.
Okay, right after the morning show.
Glad you're enjoying home.
...looking back regretting the moments we didn't speak up.
When we didn't say 'iloveyou', when we should've said 'I'mSorry'...
as a bostonian would say....
I'm wicked high kid
hey john, some of us will definitely see you there!
those fuckers are weird!
are you there?
RT CEO of La Fancy Kay speaking her story as a black woman in Africa, creating a business  growing it
The video of a child being born was disgusting omfg.
is that true that its Friday somewhere?
Can we make a Friday stasis machine?
Gold Party tonight at Uncle Mick's.
Bring unwanted jewelry make money!
Also, line dance lessons, DinaB and live music from Swamp Fever!
Poor baby
U Say U Over Me,But Alwayz End Up Under Me..!
Usual lol :P
How big of a role does cerberus play?
Tf ?
Ian gone be able to do it .
I swea !
Damn just left me hanging though.
Whatever.
I'll do my.own hair tomorrow.
Ha!
Thanks man.
:
I needed that!
is one dedicated guy!!
Anyone that can help him out and donate please do!
All u zombie fans out there check him out!
Peace
We try : And we're looking forward to the show, too!
It's going to be insane.
leave Indy !!!!
Ur not a true.
Colts owner think about the colts fans here in indianapolis and around how we feel
Cynic!
It's lllluuuuuuuuurrrrrvvvveeee.
Hey tweet world!
The movies I really want to see Contagion, 11/11/11, and doctoram House.
And all of them look really creepy.
desperate :
I'm watching the sun rise over the Cascade Mountains  what a great way to start the day.
May even see Mt.
Ranier if the rain holds off.
The only show I watch lately: doctor G: Medical Examiner
yes!
I love it!
Billy is so cute!
I got tired of the cold its hots turn to piss me off too:/
punishment Metta should've been out while Harden's out THEN start the suspension period.
Do the crime...
Mom: Your only Austin's fan because hes cute me: Yeah mom thats exactly why i'm a mahomie...
Finished RescueMeFx definitely the best show I have ever watched.
Kinda gutted tho nothing to watch now
Im good no sweat RT don't feed into that cuz you bigger than that but if its bout that action you already know
We're looking for a space for a panel discussion, preferably with projector, seating, etc.
Is that something you have available?
Puppy in Washington Square Park is just too cute.
Knowing that there is power in woman's testimony and using that reach others
Great show ladies well done...
Hell no this kid did not just say beats are the best headphones
Yessir!
Looking forward to teaching these youngins a little somethin somethin Thanks for the RT.
I need a hug and french fries
Bail money?
There's no Ts!
temple run on andoctorid market
I'm hungry af.
Jelly Belly's story is one of successful immigrants.
The Goelitz brothers came to the U.S.
in 1867, settling in Illinois.
which site were you getting RT tickets to LA for 158?
are we at Defcon 1?
hey thanks for following me and cal you play follow she pro start crying if you do ;
I love you, Not only for what you are, But for what I am when i'm with you.3
Rooted my Kindle Fire and installed the Google apps and the Andoctorid Market.
Feeling less claustrophobic.
Next task, installing
we could start a facebook group against that discrimination!
thanks Team Nikkiya
all of mine lol
agreeing with you....
The salient self?
what's wronnggg!?
Rod Brooks: 91 of all content consumed on the web will be video by end of 2013
Breaking News: Dom Theodore has parted ways with CBS Radio, where he was VP of Top 40 Programming  WXRK/New York PD.
saito Like the use of Word Cloud.
What's the text being used?
Clear line of argument.
V.
good, well timed, mainly.
All kinds of bad assery going on last night!
Glad to be a part of it!
Dear headache, I don't have time for you.
Please go away.
Good for u girl!
Check ratings on a product like that b4 u buyit'll be real.
I've always used Breville cuz they're the shid.
about to knock out, food was to good.
There are so many new horror movies that I want to see.
Case 39...
let me in...
devil...
my soul to take.
Without dance I cannot feel my soul, hear my heart, or see my doctorams.
yeahh he did it before : i missed it too !!
Yes, it is true.
looks like the Yuckalert is slowing down.
too bad.
could use some Yucks today.
The good hands play is all the holds for the field goals?!?
lame what about that catch earlier by
Out century 3
A pleasure!
From one Wolf to another, great bunt Randy Wolf
True Blood tonite!!!!
sure that's not just the bruised brain talking?
Had an interview today!
Nailed it!!
The lady said I did great and looked very nice/professorssional!
:
New Songs from soon!
Grow your hair back out.
333
Cuz you need me man i dont need you
just because the pork is done doesn't mean it's over.....how about a food tweet?
except for haha
I'm thinking Weeden must be tired from his late night last weekend.
I want coffee.
If I throw it up then so be it.
sex is like mcdonalds, I'm lovin it.
pussy is like subway, eat fresh.
dick is like gaterade, is it in you?
can u give a shoutout to hawaii ICONiacz please : !!!
So deep.
no.
What about you?
12NTC was pretty interesting.
Come to dc!
its the falling in love
Lol i used to have a crush on u.
All the men who r for men marrying men assholes look like catfish mouths
cause you got to see your boy!!
Yes.
Yes you can.
And must
I like to dowldoad the free iTunes music as well as the free music from sbux.
Love the variety.
Don't have a shit fit
EEP!
I didn't know!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LEXI!
Hopefully your wishes of food come true !
I'd try to call but I don't know the number.
Bummer.
:
its weird how u only hav 24,000 followers.whats wrong with some ppl
Not exactly compelling evidence.
Perhaps you can explain why it's OK to do it with a language API but not a service API?
Deuces to all you guys.
About to knock out.
Nawhh forreal ima be on the phone chillin.
Goodniight or goodmorning whatever you want ahahaha
I just finished watching Matilda...
I wish it was 1996 again.
Haha love u to a twitter friend lol
Can we get a shout out for Rancho Cucamonga!
I'm taping a session right now with and is filming
I hope everyone had a nice 4th of July!
Anyone go to the Regatta?
That looked like a good time too.
It takes most men five years to recover from a college education, and to learn that poetry is as vital to thinking as knowledge.
Peacekeeping...
the whole range...
difficult command and control.
Ugo Salinas
hey belieber ; mind following back it would mean SO MUCH!!
Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word 'happy' would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness.
Outdoor, I live in VA.
The front of my house, where I'd like to plant, doesn't get sunlight until late in the day.
Thanks for the follow and the most valuable services you provide to so many up and coming musicians and artists.
Best wishes
Should police have the right to secretly use a GPS device to track down people without a warrant?
This case is before the supreme court.
Wish the picture better captainred the fabulousness of the brows they extend almost to her hairline and curl up at the end.
honest, funny, tired
So is yours!!
: Fishy no longer has her website.
:
Put away my werewolf suit and settled for barking at the neighbors.
So how can we find ourselves trapped in our own private hells where we just scream, but no one can hear
Dealing with player reactions.....Devs are humans too.
GDC  Community Management Session.
women instinct never fails.
ANALOG 2 I LOVE THIS SONG
or cheap nike air max any developer : searching for louis vuitton ...
Happy Derby Day!
The usual, our annual party at Fizz in Chicago!
You?
Watching on TV?
I've always used Budget and haven't had a bad experience yet.
Your support is amazing!
Thank you for the love!
RT : My bedside lamp keeps turning on by itself.
Is my house haunted or?
People don't want other people stalking them tho they make websites like twitter and Facebook
At the Digital Humanities Commons with all the other nerds.
I think I just heard an OCR joke.
better question can you beat my pastor Bishop Dwayne Debnam?
Lol
Funny, nothing in my ministry seems to have changed today even though guaranteed appts r gone it's not about the job, it's about the Kingdom
Good morning world!!!
Unfortunately he will be unavailable today.
who knows, but has to be more to it.
Can't just be process, arbitrator smarter than that.
Too much fun tonight!!
has a painess in his anus!
pumpkin accent is that ok to say on Twitter?
LOL
True or False: Women who masturbate regularly are more likely to climax during intercourse.
We are going to be much more active this year on facebook, so be sure to like us, and tell your friends.
Almost done scratch tracking our new songs.
Get stoked!
:
HERES TO ALL The hardest mile I ever walked was the one away from you...
Happy birthday !!
You are an amazing amazing person : I hope you have a great birthday!!
: Love,
Yessir, dakota lounge 1026 wilshire blvd RT : where is this place?
Do I bring my salsa shoes?
Lol
you might be wrong on this one
do you work in a post office now?
GOA2011 RT : Great show at FESPA  great content and fantastic people
Strange days.
So true RT : had such a empowering breakfast with listening to speaker Heather Haas.Great way to start the day!
I figured ya did
Getting ready to head out for New York Tech Day.
Hopefully there will be more than just see what your friends are doing apps on display.
Honestly, Barrett is/was severely outgunned.
I can't think of anyone who could have pulled this off with what he was given.
Gotta love going to the gym and having the best workout
: one hour and fifteen minutes.
birthdaycountdown that's right!
It's also big day tomorrow
Bored where is Molly when I need her???
that didn't just happen.
omg.
what did you say??
just One Direction.
x
Looking forward to presented by
s/o 2 all my women that kit even though they got a dude
Ron Paul will stop the wars, bring our troops home  save a trillion dollars.
Maybe we could use that money to balance the budget.
We still worried bout each other?
LOL go at night you'll be the only chick there Id rather be left alone while I'm working it out!
But I'm not a morning person!
The fact that no one understands you doesn't mean you're an artist.
I'll take MattFlynn for that deal!
Today seemed forever long.
You deserve it Tiger keep on working and now its time for the BIG PAYBACK
Thanks for the RT!
Cmon nuggets step up your game damn.
to know that I do not know selfaware ignorance a prerequisite to knowing
If not mistaken, allnumbers are old streetcar routes and letternumber is old bus lines.
And yes, before
Sounds great my friend.
Looking forward to a coffee and brain jolt with you.
Another chapter, ready not to misprint the following..
knock 'em dead!
If there were anything in life that you could do more than anything else what would it be?
Another fight I didnt get to see xc
When i see that you have texted me my heart kinda stops and i die a little inside 3
now why u gotta say that
Iam soo good at Spanish My last name should be Mendez
I streamlined my bio, too.
Tweetdeck for desktop, I love.
Tweetdeck for iPhone  I loathe.
Always fails me.
I'm 97.3 percent sure was told to follow up on lead and make it a story.
Don't think he pitched it.
Ugh shit is different now.
We were doing so good.
But I should've expected this..
It never fails smh :/
game 7s always killed me.
You can't beat the excitement.
You going?
Lunch Special: Blackened Cod  Baby Arugula Salad 12.95
Shark Bait ooh...
you know I look out 4 ya
You should swaddle them all.
I really want to see ONCE on Broadway :/
Exactly.
You should always touch a metal part of your car BEFORE touching the nozzle again.
when you coming to OKC?
I'll trade you some OKCThunder tix for a show.
Deal?
I been messin with since G.H.E.T.T.O.
And now he out here winning keep it goin bro
The Greatest Revolution in Our Generation is the Discovery that Human Beings, by changing the Inner Attitudes of their Minds...
you're welcome.
:
Fun times at the giants game.
On the train..
Finally headed back home!
i want to massage your cock with my tongue
absolutely, but the headline should have used the word Would.
Will implies he's gone already.
47 totally gone, 46 likely gone
Looking forward to this mixtape.
Bring in the New Year right
Harold  Kumar Is So Funny :P
sips tea, wandering through woods, stops suddenly not again...
I forgot a sweater.
Again...
sighs least it'd not too cold
This morning's Keynote Speaker is doctor Milton Chen talking about innovation in our education system
you need to do a horror movie.
already put 4 more reviews in for you :D
Every 4 years, there is always room for a little more February.
Congrats to Undefeated Manassas high school!
Since when is a spa just as loud as a casino?
I can't even hear the relaxing music!
MGM Grand, control your clientele!
Or just ignore me , thats cool too .
.
.
We both love you Allison!
Can't wait until Monday!
your welcome.
At the Big Crush Harvest Wine Festival in Amador Valley.
Wine tasting way to start the morning.
Omg Jean hurt her right wrist!!
Watching KING 5 News with Viggle Mon  5PM  NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
you should team up with me on my coaching team!
What are plans for this lovely Saturday evening chica??
um play Yahtzee?
As a fan I loved that U were on Body of Proof  U were great!
I cried how they ended U character's role.
I'll miss U 
LOL...
I'd like to see that in person.
Hahaha
he's broke tho lol he needs the money
morning boyfriend 3 hope you have a fabulous day : I love you :
BBN can't wait!
RT boy i hope my guys win this whole tourney cuz if they do shitz gon be crazy this summer
Take it slow with me!
This reality isn't enough for me now.
Agreed!
And in the meantime, hope everyone there is sufficiently impressed at your talk this afternoon.
Happy 30th Birthday!!!
are you staying downtown?
Any of the north shore bars or shadyside.
Kemp with Home run.
Dodgers 4 Brewers 2
hey follow me back
Okay.
As soon as I charge it.
Lol.
Here, text me, I'll DM you my number : Bretana
you must win!
Punch Chef McMillan in the coconuts!
PunxsutawneyRomney and delusional ppl.

love all 3 of your blogs  your Pinterest dog board.
know anyone in college/grad school with awesome frontend development skills?
Tell them about our paid summer internship.
OMG THE SOURPATCH COMMERCIAL WHERE THE KID RIDES HIS BIKE INTO THE CARDBOARD TUNNELL LMAOOOO
IfiHitTheMegamillion Id buy a year unlimited membership to Trapeze...
It wouldnt even put a dent in the winnings 
Still can't believe how big my little baby has gotten 
presidents tried for 80 years to bankrupt this country too.
What has he done about that?
Oh..wait...nevermind.
Christmas has changed over the years.
Remember to keep Christ in Christmas....Merry Christmas to all
Detroit is a Blank canvas there is so much opportunity 4 growth/chge the mindset of ppl perception not only Detroit, but Michigan as whole
hott tighten up ur points.
Or skin brook it.Use a bolder.Its a saver
And the really wack thing is it wasn't even close.
Really NC?
Are you jonesing that hard to be on the wrong side of history?
Dude aint NEVER just grab himself and wink at me.
I'm too through
Renegade Theater 1514 N.
Gardner St.
Los Angeles, CA 9004.
bearenegade
Holy moly did you see that 3pointer?
Huge thanks to for an unforgettable beerDiplomacy!
Editing/Posting now.
Stay Tuned!!
Oh, surely follow her!
Happy Birthday Arizona!
We're a proud member of your growing communities
In case anyone has MSG'd me and I haven't responded its cuz my phone is out of minutes.
Lol MSG me on fb, what'sapp or through wifi.
Umkay
hope training is going great with Neil.
Can't wait to see you on stage
Job Alert!
DIRECTOR / HEAD OF MUSEUM Regional Museum Bremervörde, Germany  email Stefan Hesse,
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up Vince Lombardi.
Keep smiling.
Covering the Arkansas vs Oklahoma gymnastics meet today for Very excited to be a credentialed media outlet!
: Did I miss Nancy Grace's nipple?
you're correct so far.
couldn't find his ass with both hands
Just wondering how long I have to be punished for every mistake I have ever made.
Guess I've got to work on my karma...
catching up with the O.R's and OSL
I'm just a bit jealous.
Enjoy your visit with tomorrow.
Give him some Canada doctor and he'll be a pretty happy boy ;P 3
This is great we may need 12 runs to beat Detroit.
Keep it going
Decorating the house success 
bitch dont mess with me
Favorite cafe's wifi was down.
Upside: more mindful eating of their chocolate ganache cake, Delights of the Naked Stranger.
not big enough for both me AND the spider!
lol
Why do convictions of morning always lead the destitute of evening?
Did you know February is heartmonth ?
TweetGoneRed on  wear RED Fri 2/3.
Can't wait!
good luck this morning
Happy Sunday!
Great day to check out what's new at www.knowledgesafari.com
Glad you liked it!
It's important information, no doubt about it
It's a tough job but somebody has to do it!
Courage!
I was about to say...
If you lived SWEATSHOP, I hope you filmed it.
Thanks for the follow!
:
RT : let's get involved.
She not only makes models look incredible, but she...
I don't get the least bit excited about Lady Gaga.
But look!
There's a documentary about oatmeal on!
Back from lunch with a presentation on kohails community organization..
takes the podium for that.
Fortune favors the bold.
Fluoride's Deadly Secret http: //www.facebook.com/FluoridesDeadlySecret
I think they leased it to her just for the movie.
Ap chem 3 I freaking love you
And then tweeted about it.
Is that knocking I hear?.
Uh oh 
schlepping mulch and plants all day, so glad someone else is doing the planting!
Our rain garden is almost finished!
I'm so late for work shit this sucks
There's lots of stuff in Texas.
Like HOUSTON, DALLAS, SAN ANTONIO, AUSTIN, AND EL PASO.
That's what's in Texas.
When Illitch set out to buy a ring, he didn't expect our fucking bullpen to be so inconsistent.
Terrible loss.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible  Walt Disney
haha!
Thanks.
Yeah, I can get a little long winded.
lol I can't help it.
I'm busy.
My phone is like for business...
that's the only time I use it
That's one gift we don't care to be unwrapped.
Yes!
I think we were basically running into the finish together.
What a tough race!
Woman at the Quik Stop just bought a case of sweet tea and 14 bags of pork cracklins at 99 cents each.
How 'bout ya, The South.
My mom said that had skills on the rap game.
:
Easter Bunny Breakfast is almost sold out!
Tickets sales END at 3pm today.
4107522462 x221.
RT : TOMORROW: 121pm Ebook Petting Zoo in the Cat Lab.
Check out SLIS Lib's new devices  learn how to access ereader...
wow!
Seems really early
New songs!
Awesome.
Good Morning Twitterville!
Happy Monday Twitters
sounds good!
my dog has a boyfriend!!!!
and i thought she was a lesbian
ur welcome, love following the fans
I could feel myself hiding the cover of that book when I was reading it on public transportation.
Love Carl Hiaasen though.
can i have a shoutout please?!
love u :
The new say murders doctorppin is somethin dat should be applauded.
I won't applaud until kids and teenagers stop being murdered in new orleans
not so sure Abby will appreciate the mention given the context.
who is y'all??
I'm still in Texas but I'm in San Angelo now not Houston, so think I'm a lil closer to you.
Close one!
I thought we were a functional family for a minute.
Thanks, step dad, for refusing to talk the entire meal!
looking forward to your show in Milwaukee WI tomorrow night with the after party at SUITE
GO FOLLOW   I WILL DM YOU A CELEB AND PLUS SHE FOLLOWS BACK!
In this era you pick up jeans you thought were your size and when you try them its like their painted on
that's mandatory breakfast if you schedule that in my book!
Q: What do you call a bassclarinetist with half a brain?
A: Gifted.
Beat a case of the Monday's with a bottle of wine.
HALF OFF ALL BOTTLES, ALL DAY!
Noodles  Company's Mac N' Cheese is the best comfort food.
thanks for gollowing
i may hop to dc for an event in a few wks.
thought you might be back.
whats new?
they wouldn't really talk :/ wah
The same refinement which brings us new pleasures, exposes us to new pains.
Shit is over.
Tired of feeling a certain way.
I make shit happen for me
I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member
well yes, I've been off the grid for a while.
It helps put things in2 perspective, slow down, map priorities...
every1 needs it, right?
had fun at my secnd fam house last night......and I smashed on sme hmemade italian beefs and sme homemade fries
Exactly!
RT : Are you comfortable in your discomfort?
Step outside your comfort zone today.
Why not today?
Why not you?
In other NBC renewal news, UP ALL NIGHT and WHITNEY have also been renewed.
One is on track to being a very good show, the other is WHITNEY.
Easy on the throttle, steady on the gears, roll her over gently and she'll last for many years.
Followers: as you know I love Jeremy Lin and puns.
What are the best JLin puns so far?
LINsane?
LINcredible?
She felt a few LINches of pain?
One day till the starts!
Can't wait.
13 films will surely make us hungry.
any can't miss suggestions?
Who'd think it would take us and hour to get to the zoo
ya they do.
an i have none
However my Take Your Kids to Ted Nugent's Hunting Camp So You Don't Have to Hunt For Your Kids bumper sticker flew out my window hrs later
I love that shirt ; 
Have you seen our pictures from Cow Appreciation Day?
What a blast!
I'd like to request Hold it Against Me by
lol I'm up !
I turned in some apps online already

Australite tektites are some of the most soughtafter tektites.
:
how's the mbp treatin' ya?
everything listed in stock is in stock but the prices are off as we aren't updating, just tweet me any questions
Wanna come over to MySpace and Twitter my Yahoo till I Google all over your Facebook?
Just Like A Shoe, If Someone Is Meant For You, They Will Fit Perfectly.
No Forcing, No Struggling, And No Pain.
When You Talk To Me In French ;D
I'm so happy, I even see a smiley face peering at me on the lid of the tuna can I opened!!
LOL!
Goes to show, you SEE what you WANT to see!!
Since I'm responding to these tweets, I'll just say I'm the funniest member.
Just kidding.
We're all not very funny
I know, I already told C yesterday when I sent her to look for it
Manny Pacman made some gay slurs supposedly, wrong?
Yes but he does what he wants and you do want you want.
Step off.
2/28/1776B Bassett:Thank you for the attention paid to my landed affairs on the Ohio, as in the worst event they will serve for an Asylum
Thank you so much for your support today.
If you can, can you get 5 others to go vote Otis now?
With your help, we will win!
We're looking for new organizations to work with, so if there's a cause or an organization you feel close to, tweet at us about it!
I hope I'll see you there!
:
Happy birthday !
Are you going to O's opening day tomorrow?
Thanks also to Frank Langella, Bernadette Peters  Stockard Channing for using us this week.
Good luck on Bway!
nothin much just hanging out, working on somethings i have coming up soon, how are you?
:
On beale street all night!
Lol......was the weave looking right?
If so, that was me lmao
Ooh.
A dispersal order.
How novel!
Kathleen Hicks for Congress  Make sure yall vote for some one  every vote count
Girls who always have wet hair in the morning.
State of emergency lifted amid Pa.
stun gun probe
Artist Need Hot Beats?
Zoe Beats Is Your Man!
Come Listen/Download/Purchase Tracks Today!
SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat
No problem.
You're far too kind.
...
But you're welcome...Hermano.
Great brunch today From the poutine to the bread pudding, everything was delicious.
We'll be back!
Thanks for all the emails/tweets/website visits!
We are excitedly continuing our work to launch Crowdbounty.
Stay tuned and stay connected!
Never understood that tho...
The wind is howling behind my desk.
The last time they put up that yellow tape.
Hope I don't end up in parking lot
heading off to Shea for Mets v.
Yanks, GO METS!!!!!
: An Apology to Brett Favre by Ted Thompson
: With that being said ill see you guys in 2023 I can't wait that long!
D;
If you're in the Bronx, follow for updates on the meeting, might get pretty heated!
Who's excited to watch Yu Darvish tonight?
We just delivered a giant cupcake cake to a house that looks like a spaceship in the Hollywood Hills.
Had to take cable car to front door.
6th grader from Mercer Middle tells the board how important it is to know Spanish to work and for her future.
Sometimes I'm so smart and wise I don't know where it comes from.
And then, I remember God and I are Homies.
He must be rubbing off on me.
superman video i was in the back
do you guys think that you will have time in the near future to record an intro video for our website?
The Haitian Hibachi, Peterson Joseph is a shrimp killer.
Til next time.
1/2 off bottles of wine tonight!
Got some new ones in we're really excited about.
Try them on the cheap!
cant sleep for shit
you gotta little dick!
girl in car that gets cut off
Pretty dogs
kylee says I have twitter I just never get on it : haha
Desperately craving a chocolate chipwich.
I do not believe that is the case
bro u know we witnessing the best da best QB ever!!
I think hes gonna win atleast 4 Super Bowls maybe 5!
GnY
come to a thing tonight.
In le shitty.
Enjoyable.
..
proud of austin 3
Sheneal Parker, candidate for District 7 city council, just stopped by to introduce herself.
Impressive.
Don't forget to vote tomorrow.
okay this is all pointless.
So I'm done here.
You can hate me.
I'm not fighting anyone
:!
RT : If you live for weekends or vacations, your shit is broken  Gary Vaynerchuk
What happened to the B1GPac 12 noncon football challenge?
We can't get this to start by 2014?
I really want tea right now.
Yeah nd after the depression was over farmers raised wages or bought machines, now illegals are cheaper but it aint right
Cookies 'n Cream Cupcake?
We've got a GOOD FEELING about today!
i hate when someone think your mad but you really not stressin it
That is harsh and completely hilarious.
Is tomorrow jean day?
good night moon!
anytime girls.
Y'all deserve it :
Love that post!
Thanks for sharing.
has yours been freezing to?
mines been doing that today.
Grey's Anatomy is supposed to reveal a shocking death tonight.
Hopefully, it's April ;
hey Paige!
Thanks for the follow back!
Lookin forward to ttweeting with you!
Looking forward to the wine tasting fundoctoriser event for Mamas Kitchen tonight at Bourbon Street!
Hope to see all the San Diego peeps there!
I crossed everything on my todo list off...Guess who has a free Friday night?!?!
I'm all for not giving her any more attention!
Scariest part of the movie occurs not when you're watching it, but when you're in bed thinking about it.
When facilitating training, roll with the punches, treat a disruptive participant as a gift.
RT bug ups to i LOVE your guys store so much!
But you'll be at school for a full day.
senior rec is at 12  won't end till an hour  a half later.
first date's gunna be a huge success!
Can't wait
Still printing stems...
its probably cuz I have so much respect for the packers and I know..I see how amazing all of u ladies are..I have much....
my boyfriend decided to go c scream 4 w/o me i hope he gets soaked
RT : Our incredible Faith Expert is
.
GOP has been brazen in cutting SEC, CFTC funding
Neighborhood 3 IS COMING LIVE AT THE KIRKWOOD THEATREE ON THURSDAY!
BE THERE.
Giants Win!
I am SALTIER THAN LOT'S WIFE!!!!!!
ThingsThatPissGirlsOff me.
In my experience lol
I close my eyes n I focus, killin everyone in this bitch.
IT'S FRIDAY!
The month is coming to end.
Remember, theres only 2 days left to register with us to be one of the selected winners of a FREE LOGO.
Romy any clue what channel you'll be on with cable tomorrow?
ayverb won all three rounds
I know right: sometimes I feel like doctorpping out.
e.e
What gym?
oh yeah i need to feed the dogs lol bad mommy brb
Wish I could watch calling game but just happy 2 even watch in Chi!
I'm wondering who gone show up for us tonight?!
We need this win to stay alive...let's go
Yea it's only about 30 degrees colder at the UC than south suburbs.
Today is a new day and full of possibilities!
Take life by storm and have fun along the way :
Hi John, I'm your 1 fan and want to meet you someday.
Do you know anyone with autism?
If so, I'll send you my book for them.
Looking forward to tomorrow night.
So much been happening lately.
You're so right!
: Love that feeling  most times.
Glad to see you here
Thank you..you also, I take it?
just listened to bizzy crooks new songs.
I wanna bring him to cinci one his music takes off!
i've been gone for a while and lost a lot of followers :
There's a great blog entry from '07 on the ALBUM from whence it came, 4 yr listening pleasure.
Oh  the comments!
I play with Arduino during my breaks at work!
Great job, !
I'm having lots of fun with this
thanks for your support!
hahah.
That was my spot!
The quickest way to a persons heart is....
Thru their rib cage.
20 point loss in all 3 states tonite a direct correlation of terrible Kitten Mittens singing at rallies?
try dat exhibit c by Jay electronica.
Bet when u do dat one htown go trip out..plus check me out ..young ju cross my heart.YouTube
Is it just me or is Arizona REALLY, REALLY fucked up?
why so many characters in your name?
ugh.
Thanks for reading ..
it's dicey MT Thanks for the article abt YMP.
Hope you'll keep reporting on the situation there
im back!
never deactivating again
north carolina for some wedding fun.
You can have what you say  say what you believe!
thanks so much for following ;
The text I just got  it made me smile :
Anyone know of a job that requires no interview and involves writing in a room alone?
If so, I would be perfect for the position.
ok, keep me posted and have fun w/ the fam!
grandstand all you want  but you still haven't given me any reason to think my assumptions are wrong.
We challenged Don Redman to a debate.
He accepted.
More details to follow.
Stay tuned...
COJ Jax Jacksonville occupyjax 99
RT: The song Taylor Swift will write when the guy from Glee dumps her is going to suck a pile of burned dicks.
Why am I still following Run it Fast...
Pretty sure they all run ultras i.e.
really freakin slow.
Not that that's a bad thing..
Just bugs me
Working on another new song tonight!
The move up to No.
4 in the AFL's weekly 17team power rankings.
San Antonio hosts No.
1 San Jose on Saturday at Alamodome.
Red Raider Donut Dash This Morning!!!
Come and Run with us or Watch and Have a great Time!!!
they're showing it on the today show Australia, I'm about the post the link :
Agreed.
Good timing I would have thought.
Why do I get the feeling you don't want to talk to me.
I go to another coffee shop.
Max: I'm his assistant 'Pickle.' Zeke: We didn't agree to that.
Max: Oh right.
'The AMAZING Pickle.'
I honestly don't remember either.
Twitter leads to short memory I think
Let's go for winning the district championship!
Defeating deland 6160.
I need new followers
Not a good combo because I mostly watch this show at the gym.
good luck with the pooch, I can tell you love your dogs a lot.
Lucky bitches ...
:
HUF status tomorrow.
I need to cop some plantlifes bad.
Me, Mommy, Cousin, and Nana, watching judge joe brown
Tip 1: Attractive  You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you doctorss.
follow me.
thanks.
Three things that will surely bring this world to destruction: Facebook, Texting and YouTube.
In that order.
The Prez is on a roll.
Break out in a little Al Green for the room.
she's just too nice!
I'm excited about coming tonight!
Listenin to a few beats and writin ah this is called da come up TOUCHDOWN
y dont u go to LA fitness on 47th
Seeing a bone doc tonorrow about pelvic fractures.
If they are left alone they will heal themselves i think.
presenting on the Powerhouse Museum API and collection efforts.
yep, Absolute and dougie are the all star running backs but we're tight ends we can block and go hard
...
still trying to find a balance between the instinct to be nice to everyone's face and the harshness of an analytic mind.
we are fans!
RT : iabcdallas luncheon to hear from about understanding your audience.
Stay tuned for updates
This is Just Getting Going.
Whatever it is...
Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet?
Good night 3
student quote: in school, if you fail, you have to repeat the grade Learn2Fail at
Just got off the phone.
I need some sleep
Wish I could be viewin the Barca match but thanks to some killer updates from it feels like I'm at the pub discussing w/my mates
Good morning.
You are most welcome you know.
Enjoy the day!
Balance is a goal for the working group.
No one group holds more power or input.
Wait.
U.
Getting.
Married or Me ?
RT : 01/23/45 Auspicious RT : pass on my marriage proposal as well?
: wow!
That is so cool of you!
Thank you so much!!
3
Are you coming to Dollywood?
:
fuck are you talking about ?
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
: I won a game of chess against a computer?
mademyday NICE JOB!
Brutal Finisher!
Awesome Catapult Finalist Night tonight....top college talent in the house!
Great job etcatapult!
thanks for your support!!
aloha.
and mahalo.
Lesnar quits the ?
Interview tomorrow!
Straight chillin tonight unless you wanna slide thru like ppl do every night lol
I am really caring about this one w/ and !
Pretty sho' we got one!
It's a cheery and packed room today for the Encinitas Tourism Committee
OH.
and I hope your phone isn't pregnant from last night :p
Happy Monday!
It's official...
we are now set up with a distributor!!!!
Where would you like to see our beer sold???
Haha!
Thanks.
Makes my week go by fast when I get to do a bunch of different things at work.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their doctorams.
Eleanor Roosevelt
/solidlegaltweets for
Never tell your problems to anyone...20 don't care and the other 80 are glad you have them.
Lou Holtz
uniteforum is at breakout sessions  we'll be back live at 3:45!
Please pretty please follow me!
love you xoxo3 1
Excellent, thanks for the suggestion!
FireFox, tho I've also seen this behavior in Internet Explorer.
Thanks for the reply and allowing me give feedback.
:
I'm saying.
It was fun
Looking forward to guest lecturing at Fordham University this Monday in the Graduate Marketing Program.
Many thanks to Bob Bohn for the in
I can't wait to go home to my hilarious grahamcracker.
She's one of my biggest inspirations and I just wanna make her proud :
irallstars Gilman : people can no longer categorize library which leads to dialogue.
We don't know what you do.
Can you do this for us?
blankness..look
Getting other offers to do shows!
Stay tuned Chicago!!!
How has equal pay not happened yet?
I refuse to innovate until it does.
Love us some Aussie rock.
A friend of ours father rep'd Daddy Cool!
We are hitchhiking to AU, and pan to crash on your sofa!
On our way to volapalooza...ready for a fun weekend away from everything!
THIS GUY!
Thankful 4 all the churches supporting us financially!
UR sowing into a movement that will change the world  our generation.
You'll C!!
RT Friday fun!
We're giving away a copy of Snagit AND Camtasia bundle today.
Tweet Snagtasia by 4pm EST to enter.
I may have to try this!
RT I make videos for my YouTube Channel from my desk w/ a video cam.
Use iMovie to edit!
3.
Cut out one thing from your life that is bringing you down, like gossiping or being sarcastic.
hahaha I hope that girl docent have twitter!
I take it back..
I don't like suspense!
we need you to follow us because we need your help with a project...we can dm the details.
A guy on the 101 who looks like Todd Margaret fails to realize what a mistake he's made in missing his stop.
yes, but is it Raining Men?
RT : IT'S RAININ SIDEWAYS!!!
RT : Pickup and posting on syndicated websites is increased with both images and video
Indiana killing Miami and i love it.
keep sleepin on the pacers
kamister gave me some nutella in tutoring, now i want more!
Yes, but probably worth the splurge :
Thanks to all the tweeters following PC!!!
You guys are great!
Double double no onion.
: InNOut Burger.
It's what's for dinner.
BeJealous
air tickets, more air tickets...
:
well im doing my hair now...but idc where
Sit.
Just sit  look at me.
That's it, the reason for poetry.
Love is you.
Love is me.
We are one.
Make love to me.
My grades WILL kick ass next year..
WHATEVER it takes.
Thanks for the nod, presh.
Fantastic quote.
Yours?
NowPlaying Count On Me by Whitney Houston  Cece Winans on
You're welcome!
: : Glen's story is really inspiring.
Thanks for sharing the article
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Remember to protect your eyes with sunglasses if you're out celebrating in the sunshine!
i ALMOST had an interaction with that fake
I hate that I have tumbling so late.
Ugh, Flyers and the Phils got whooped.
Not Baez again!
He makes me feel depressed.
Made eggplant parm spaghetti and salad for my roomies as a last meal together before I switch rooms
I wanna fall inlove
anywhere else
OK!
If you insist!
FRIDAY: Flashy FRIDAYS at Broadway Bar Dont miss out!
2 doctornks b4 11, 75 bottles all night!
NO COVER!!
Ladies 18 welcomed!
arrive early
I don't care if I'm a failure financially, I'll get to the one million mark someday but for now I can just enjoy my friends successes 
In one moment he facebook yei yei happy night
I have the worst anxiety.
Get me through this exam I might barf.
Each workout is like a brick in a building, and every time you go in there and do a halfass workout, you're not laying a brick down.
I'm sure the GOP will try to spin Obama's stance on marriage equality as a negative, but that doesn't mean we'll listen to it.
Another day another dollar
Would love to do the Christmas Ireland trip from The Holiday
I was looking through 's instagram and I made up my own username for her.
FOOCHANA.
nn
Very welcome!
Let's hope for a nice sunny weekend :
you are so much a BraveNewWorldGurl:D cc2paststeppingstones ;
Magazine headlines at the checkout counter: diets, flat sexy abs, and COOKIE RECIPE BLOWOUT!!!
everyonehasthat1friend who has doctormatic situations...
if u dont see any of your friends complaining that means u are that friend
ThatAwkwardmomentwhen you tweet something that you hate when people do, then 10 seconds later you realize oh crap I do tht 

Taco Bell guy is very cool.
Fun game RT : The Packers play No.
1 overall pick Andoctorw Luck and the Indianapolis Colts in Indianapolis during Week 5
Loex2012 no need to make a filet mignon Library Instruction class when a cheeseburger is sufficient
Surely did!
I completely agree.
I was in a committed relationship and then it ended it i was in a WHOLE new world
: you Wana bring me back a coffee from Harbucks hahahja like a sweater that just gets warmer with age.
She has a pug, I wouldn't be thrilled about a new pug.
Good point.
You can kick it old school with a stenopad for awhile!
:
Oh well okay when you have time try!!!:
Thanks, Fake Cam.
Appreciate the support and notice!
TY for the K!
RT : For her dedication to helping families I gave K about Moms on
Next time youre in The Valley, stop at Asahi Sushi on Balboa.
Seriously is some of the best sushi Ive ever had and I cant stop going there.
I'm done with ppl!?
Go fuck off and nice knowing ur bitch ass and bitching about the fucking dumbest things in the world...
No coffee tally yet, but I do have another newsflash: Diane Cibrian promises she'll ride the mechanical bull next year if she's mayor.
I don't want a TEAM GAMES final.
No point.
CST offers a complete package for both corporate and organization managements and independent trainerconsultants
AllAccess2011 Its on!!
If your heading thiat way hit and they would love to connect!!
Not attending per se, but Activist Archiving at Austin History Center
Don't forget about the SouperBowl this week!
Bring in a family sized can of soup, get a free bowl from us.
Benefiting Faith Mission
the overpacking situation in my life is doctormatic.
I just need to bring it all
made them for my mama on Sunday :
twinkle twinkle little whore, you're at school not jersey shore.
you're a slutty orange mess.
please go find a longer doctorss!
These bug bites on my feet
I set the thermostat at 74 to keep u nice n toasty.
: Can't wait to get home to the ATX and warm weather ohwait
Thanks ; I will be doing that right now...
How the heck can you be a theatre kid and not know who James Franco is?
That'll be the one I'll get.
I love music biographies.
Thanks again.
:
Or just Two?
Looking for an exemplary based collection/exhibit.
What's your favorite?
Yoga P90X then off to worship the LORD and hang with my friends after!
Great day
Ron Swanson is so much less intimidating without his mustache.
I can see in his eyes that this love is real 
Would love to speak/panel at , but I have a developer event that same day :
Perfect your body by perfecting your diet
youll need to control blood sugar levels in order to lose body fat.
This is best accomplished by consuming four to six SMALL meals per day.
Why are more websites controlling the type of password I use?
My methodology has been used since 1997.
No symbols  BS
a very cute prince indeed :
Let's start a new tradition: failureflowers to mourn rejected grant proposals.
Could be the start of something big.
U in?
Do you smoke, do you doctornk, do you yell out hank
super bonus points for the mask during the parental visit.
what's your deal, man?
; Are you staying in the Bay Area or leaving?
looking a little on the ganja in your burrito pic
nothing feels better than getting your smile back :
had good looking men in kilts
Hahahaha!
They'd never believe me if I just said what I saw.
I swear my life is a movie
your last tweet mentioned an EP coming out next month?
anything to do with that?
anyway, keep me updated.
I just need you one more time, I can't get you off my mind
Thanks man.
is such a smart and independent woman.
I love the way she looks at things with a good attitude.
RT : I would like to exchange my extra Wednesday in February for an extra Saturday in June.
To whom shall I speak?
hillbilly handfishing is next!!!
my May is packed af!
don't even have time 2 get bored...
This weekend couldn't come faster.
Seriously.
Did you see 's graphics on the listserve email yesterday?
We did!
u gotta point ur finger at her well sayin it tho
Governor declares State of Emergency in Washington State.
OH MY GOD MADISON3 I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
Colorado State University Men's Basketball up 4226 over TCU at halftime!
The second half is coming up.
Great game so far for the RAMS!
I keep my swagg on a million  get tatted by dennis SBCDAT !
Mormonism is better than a lot of things.
It could be a lot worse.
Yea that's the depth of conviction we should strive for...
thanks!
been a while since I've logged in, but thanks for your note.
Told you clippers was gone Win
WHY DO I FIND HIM SO ATTRACTIVE!?
oh sped party in the am tomorrow were vip
it was well done, you would like it, its on netflix
why is that u have s str8 roommate
Yeah, that was a good one.
Play looked much closer from where I was.
Fun win.
Mostly all of my pictures have been deleted off my phone.
All of my warped tour pics from last year, all the shows I went to in the fall...
Dam I need to do AbRipperX again
Yep, definitely watching some Rohmer tonight at 7  can't wait to discuss it.
: Thai massages are awesome!
I'm tingly and alert!
Tingly where!?
lol don't blast me like that and I will never get 2 good for u my nigga....
ya but my friend comes over and helps: so I don't have to by myself
Man: Do you want to dance?
Woman: NO Man: Sorry, I think you misheard me...I said, You Look fat in those pants.
So my dad gets mad it me because I Threw a plastic plate at him...
I did
done with wedding emails for the night...
not even my wedding!
what are you doing at shouldn't you be studying or something?
2 we are in.
Final plenary at clac12.
Modeling collaboration between foreign languages and sustainability studies.
Matosshultz, Melin, Mougel
I'd be sweating bullets trying to wrap that little guy, but darned if they aren't the cutest things.
who knew LB, I really never thought I would see the day
There are always people who want to show off rather than act normal but people had fun so it all worked out...
in the end.
:
my doctoram 2012 Celebrity Apprentice cast: Sarah Palin, Charlie Sheen, Lindsay Lohan, Kim Kardashian, Brett Favre, Lenny Dykstra, John Edwards
at home
Wishing everyone a Happy New Year.
Thanks especially to all those who made this year our best ever.
Let's do it again in 2012!
North vs.
South game tonight :
reorganizing my life...
currently dealing with the piles of CDs and rerealizing, CDs are awesome..!!!
Better watch out!
Your desk could be next!
: cc
Settling in Malta.
Condo I great, working on getting everything comfortable.
Hope to be back playing poker in a couple days.
one more page to write!
I guess so.
Big day on Twitter for me hahaha....until tomorrow!
Or in an hour because I'm already getting addicted : Spread the word!
doctorve past J.
Stewart museum on my campus interview!
But I'll live in the city...
You'll have to tell me all about the area.
:
Watching Matt Damon  Emily Blunt in The Adjustment Bureau  amazing, funny dialogue by George Nolfi.
Great Philip K Dick adaptation.
Thank you!
RT Awesome Insperity ppl!
RT : Remember: Perfection is not the point of visual thinking.
Just ask Honey Badger.
Oh, I am.
I am.
Cadillac commercials rock!
you're sick
yeah, maybe it's not me being like that and it's just everyon else being shady!
Happy 2012!!
Can't believe the new year is already here!
You know you want me, baby!
I love just about every sport, but boxing just doesnt do it for me
internet full of mediocrity, passive aggressive nastiness/ but also nobility if you do music and haven't learned love: u r as bible says
BREAKING: AP calls the race for Barrett, he'll face walker in a month.
hey follow back;
your face
looking forward to hearing more
Lol yea .
But yo U wanna txt me?
u best believe ima try and be there!!!
:p haha
Lol, yeah.
They would much more helpful if they were actually ACCURATE.
LOL.
Good Luck to all the SCAQers doing the Distance Challenge this morning!!
morning DJ
types of religion

1 RT : FF to all citizen journalists documenting protests in Syria Bahrain Egypt  beyond right now, stay safe
def I agree
I always seem to feel uncomfortable around more than 3 people.
Thanks!
A customer let us know that the pink peanuts we had were no good for the environment so we switched :
wow!
just registered and became a twit.
well it looks like well just have to brown out on Saturday night with
too kind!
And chin up
I'm beat.
I want to stay home today.
ha!!!...i promise...we wanted a boy...but He blessed with a girl...
Hey!
i love you :3 belieber Follow me please Justin : 9
Who would extort StevieWonder?
or remix?our latest mixtape link is on my professorle please check us out...I look forward to hearing from u and working with u
Color me jealous.
Is she as hot in person?
If the baseball season ended today, I would love every team in it.
TV execs wouldn't, but who cares?
I ddnt know that u use Pandora!
i love it!
what are u currently listening to?
Radiohead came on my playlist 2day  i thought of u
I just read tweets they are so awesome and hilarious HAHA
But if breaking anonymity feels like the principled thing to do .
.
.
True Freshman Connor Brewer is in the game facing the 3rd team and walk on's defense.
RT : I THINK HE'S HEADED FOR THE PROJECTION ROOM ABOVE THE AUDITORIUM!
oh well I hope you feel better soon!
Merry Christmas everyone!..: have a good one!
Here we go
Wow, so many employees have joined Twitter!
Following you all now, follow along.
Who wants to own the Coens' TRUE GRIT when it comes out on June 7?
You can for free if you win our final DVD Giveaway contest this Friday
dont u be mad at kids when they argue with you and be right?
Yay!
Thank you!!
Hoeing will get you a reputation.
it's ok to say no sometimes.
dont apologize your perfectly perfect and i love you3 xoxoxox
RT  What Time Does the Miami Dolphins Tampa Bay Game come on tonight??
Luv this, so true!
RT Funny post from 5 Signs That You're the Problem bnet.io/kLXPny
Of course, you'd probably take Heroes away from us too.
U r a prime example of the circular logic that keeps giving us leaders like Zardari  Shareef.
Top of the morning, slut muffins!
someone needed that.
God used the platform.
Besides, I'm pretty sure the Yankees took a dive.
Bonding With Teammates by Terrell Owens
Precautionary boil water advisory will follow tomorrow's work.
Water tanker w/ potable water will be available at Indian Meadows.
ok but please tell me you're following because if you're not you should because long hair, don't care
goodmorning 3 how did you sleep?:
Me and could use a little bit of extra sleep.
Nap time later fo sho.
RT : Don't compromise yourself.
You are all you've got.
Janis Joplin
Listen to advice, but follow your heart.
Conway Twitty
shit that goes down at
yes, DM me the acct tel 
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow.
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime!
At the San Marcos Chamber of Commerce.
looks like the Bears and Lions signed just about every free agent available today.
hope the Hawks aren't really signing Brandon Marshall...
Does she say thug or fuk!?
Arriving for 's class I heard someone say I need to go get my bone.
Swear I had to look 2x to c if she was a doggy.
Congratulations to Barclays Manager Of The Season  Alan Pardew!!
Well deserved!!
He's performed miracles this season
no way.
Are you running the full?
Circling in on space for Boston geektrain meetup.
Keep 6:30 pm 5/24 clear on your calendar.
Omg someone save me haha I don't dig Chinese sea food ah
I feel the same way there are no others that are in real competition at this point...
I think him staying here  meeting 2day
use a good cleanser.
And remember to moisturize!
Plus, a good green coverup will do the trick.
Elway admits he's hoping Jdoctoris here awhile.
Didn't think Allen would depart so soon.
CAPITAL CREW TAKEOVER
Is it after school?
It is not the mountain that we conquer but ourselves.
Sir Edmund Hillary
Let's go dolphins!
Tailgating then watching my boys finish off a sweep of the bills.
Hi Mollie!!!
Any thoughts on Demi Lovato  Britney Spears becoming the new judges on XFactor?
I'm sorta OK with it.
Death was swallowed up in Victory once and for all!
Father gave the BEST He had to obliterate sin and free us from being judged by others!
To quote a friend,  is the way the world should be.
Hope the Weekend 2 folks have an amazing a time!
People r sick!Throwing tainted meatballs in2peoples back yards 2 poison dogs!Whats wrong w/people!
If they get caught mayB 3yrs Really?
Sad!
are you on the Delta flight too?
5:20 to AUS?
nice!
If you see me say hi or something c:
MT : Headline on Google's blog Introducing doctorve, Yes Really.
So I click go  see Your doctorve is not ready yet.
Uhh, ok.
naw he just had to potty lol
I thought that was an odd way to bring her remains to her widower.
She would have laughed.
I like to write Wake up in my todo list so I can start the day accomplishing something
Brooklyn Brewery!!!!
Yum!!!!
Curse you, I would actually consider buying your EXPENSIVE 680GTX graphics card, but my faith in your doctorver support wanes daily.
Last final took 7 minutes!
agreed.
It's a gateway WI craft beer.
I only get it if its the best available.
In this case it was.
HeresToTheMindlessGirls who be trynna hate on people who are close with MB,
Over already?
Who won???
!!!
She's here??
Pics please,  congrats to you  your wife!
pumped up kicks still my fav
raw10 i saw some gangbangers abt 2 beat up a Guy who was usin hand language.
the Guys GF was yellin: Hes Deaf!
Give me some suggestions on who I should go for Giants or Patriots?
Maryna  Mario directed the two plays.
Great shows guys!
If you want to get something done you need to know She makes things happen.
Sunday July 11 12:15 and 3:15 Allegro Dance Company perform at LOCK 3 Stage Akron come see the show!
haha your loss
We don't have to be patron doctorven...we can doctorve them...just like Henry Ford.
its 4:40 am and im pulling an alnighter with my sister i love you sally 3 im suprissed im still up rofl :DD well stay ICONic 3
kids iD Tech Summer Camps in Texas held at SMU, TCU, and More!
at Southern Methodist University, Tue, May 15 9:00a: Love gaming,...
So excited to see my love tomorrow!!
However, Careless Whisper just came on.
Talk about a 180 in mood change!
Don't know how to feel so I'm just gonna party my life away
shestooyoungforyoubro hahaha i love jersey shore!!!!
: Heath Bell sucks so much.
Like the man.
Don't like the results.
Bad news for the Marlins
I am thinking about getting a Ford Fiesta 1.6 TDCi Econetic for a new car!
Man that's a bum.mer.
Must.
Make.
Epic.
Playlist.
For.
Wake.
and the girl got my order wrong then when they got it right now I'm missing a freaking wing!
A bit of gardening, some weaving and hawk watching, while I finished a basket.
So went my day, in the sunny, breezy, Florida winter time.
i saw the scaryest movie

we are losing to '70's Knicks with Clyde and Walt.
Nothing we could do about it.
is the best 3B in the NL.
He is answering EVERY test.
The other side is a product of the
I'm with you.
I thought it was a good thing, but realworld results are proving otherwise, unfortunately.
I'll be in Louisville til fri.
In a few weeks?
When u leave for india
who put that?
HILARIOUS, Sugar is such a diva :
Wht Plans for Christmas and New Yrs?????
:
u not diggin it?
You too.
I'm working tonight at smokey bones come say hi we also have beer pong at 10 pm
I'm coming to talk to you!
Connecticut lawmakers vote to repeal death penalty  CNN
This morning I woke up with a confirmation email letting me know that my wines from Napa are on their way to the east coast.
Excellent!
u r welcome.
Its always a pleasure
That's ok, we'll come up with some other gimmick for ya ;
Have your holiday company party at Fox  Hound
What a weekend!!!!
An open window, an eReader for my morning paper, and a mug of pouchong tea with honey are getting me ready for a new adventure today.
that looks like upside down madness...
And no, but it looks legit as fuck...
my mama said that i can go see mindless behavior next time : AH !
you better win heffa / push all them bitches out the way!
Cuz You Didnt Like Me, But You LOVE Austin!
My sports predictions 2012.
Champions NFLSaints, NBAThunder, MLBTexas, NCAAFLSU, NCAAB Louisville,
Your goals should be aggressively S.E.T.
Scare the competition, Engage the team, Thrill the customer.
Glenn Hughes
Live your life as if you were to die tomorrow
Oh, i know how to quote.
I'll just consume a lot of sweet tea and prepare myself for a long night
Up finna hit up work...
Then finish my homework..
: TeamNoSleep...
Its for the better tho...
The world is like an eye, a beard, a spot of beauty, an eyebrow, where each thing is neatly in place
Interesting about iOS screen bightness.
I'm about 3/4 for my iOS screen, but eyepad only.
Hello sugar!
:
: Please back online poker.
Churchill Downs' horse race wagering sites show sites can be regulated  age verified.
Thanks!
there's so much Traffic in Boston!
If the CATTLE on a 1000 hills are HIS.......why are we crying over spilled milk?
HE'll surely bless HIS childoctorn with more.
No?
oh yeah!
thats in rochester though
yeah no doubt.
Hit me up.
While everyone else is celebrating the end of the academic year I'm smack in the middle of spring quarter.
Still have love 4 qtr system tho.
goodideasforcities More than half of the people on earth live in a city.
Teen Acting 101 was great today!
Looking forward to working with Carissa Mitchell next week on your scenes!
Love it!
Very pretty.
Sure, but FairWarning, I ask questions at inappropriate times
you being nasty gurl!
Hahaha.
when you do get it shoved in you, use a condom!
;
Here in the ATL, tomorrow we head out to Panama, call u when we get back!
Luv ya sissy!
he's my gift for 3 yrs when he hits 4 or 5 I want something lol
Come down today for a cup a tea and help with your knitting project  handson3rd
My phone is acting like a stupid cunt.
The battery died  it won't turn on even when it's on the charger.
you and your catch 22 twitterology
Well my phone wing stay following any of my peoples so I guess that just sucks for me
And Brutus is ugly.
This hour on : The top sign you're about to get dumped is...?
Text your fist bumps to 69491!
fingers crossed
You called an email of ours SPAM!
SPAM is unsolicited!
You are a registered member Jon!
hehe ok thank u!
And ur welcome: xo
I can't even send on since you got some many request!!
: gahh!
Imma go insane without my friend!!:
please dont take this the wrong way.
But has anyone said your speaking voice sounds a little like Kevin Bacon.
Love has no ending, especially Gods love..
I love it bud!
That's hilarious.
I might be listening to the soft rock station...
Thanks for the follow!
I love your instagram!
I'm listening to album allofme amazing.
: what have you been smoking carlos?
LoLOr should I say there is no doctorg greater then the feeling of love ha
Shout out to game programmers Chris and Nick for using my face and likeness in the new installment of Call of Duty
see you tonight  National Night Out Against Crime.
Let's honor Cleveland's Safety Forces.
Steelyard CommonsHomeDepot Parking Lot59pm.
I'd settle for doctorvers stopping at bus stops where passengers are waiting.
Don't agree with that call at all
okay have fun
Missed the cold open for SNL.
What did Will Ferrell do?
When I watch a scary movie and get nervous I have to cover my feet o.O is that stupid?
cures my insecurities.
Thank you :
: Up trying to figure out wat love mean cause niggas and females told me they love me but they crossed me.
if you question it, she is probly a man snooki
I completely understand that .
.
.
same for me.
So grateful for the experience 2, esp in LA when it gets boiled down to smoosh
Over Your Cities Grass Will Grow AND El Bulli: Cooking in Progress are both being held over !
Both now available with PPR!
We're looking for a makeup artist who can do stage makeup  special fx.
Can u help/recommend someone for our short?
Damn this weather isn't playing
Welcome back to campus for the first day of Spring 2012 classes.
Remember the pinpoint map of your class schedule is available in myUW
Flying to san fran in t minus 4 hours
Great lakes Edmund Fitzgerald.
whatisderekdoctornking.
Wtf seriously
Congrats and!
Finding your friends and following them to where you are won best paper at !
i do not enjoy random people that i don't give two fucks about texting me out of the blue.
Boy you are one creepy son of a bitch
High Intensity Interval Training yesterday, perfect workout to prepare for my weighin this afternoon.
I heard of them..
they are good!
:
AMAZING!
Cant wait for tomorrow!
NASCAR At Texas Motor Speedway 2012 Weekend Preview ...
NowFollowing R E T W E E T NowFollowing R E T W E E T
Lmao...
Ikr; but I just can't see my life being wrk and sleep....
Ill sleep enough when I'm gone.
After a full week of UX discovery, little sleep  the ptjob at the big A; I ROCKED today's client presentation!
So, email me at and convince me.
I have no issues with green My issue is with forced green
Big night!!!
Redskins vs.
Ravens, Mark and Dan will be at the game, Chris and Ata will be in studio 0828 covering tonight!!
Thoughts  prayers are with the family of my college classmate Timothy Steele, who was murdered last week in Jackson, MS.
Godspeed Tim.
Ty so much for the follow doll!On a horrible follow limit: follow soon!Would love to pull from u for my shoots as well!xox
Honestly, this night turned out to be a lot better than planned.
happywithlife :
Ugh I hate going to the DMV.
We hope you got your fill of Baltimore's freshest selection of oysters today!
Thanks for visiting!
Come again!
Or what..
what's good man?!
The is coming to your inbox full of Live Music  Weekly Ticket Giveaways!
Send an email to to sign up!
Had a wonderful day!!
Thank you!
: We hope you enjoyed your flights today, Lourdes!
Thanks for flying with us.
We will get a follow too!
I can just feel it!
Hahaha.
Thanks Ron.
I must admit even I'm scared by parameter injection.
I didn't realize how prevalent it is.
1.1 million  The number of foreign tourists who visited Chicago in 2010.
The city ranked 10th overall, while L.A.
was No.
1.
Behave yourself...That Helltown Rapture IPA is damned good...so is that new sour we just got in...a triple w/ two yeasts
Um.
LOVING this Swamp People show.
I can't wait!
oh im busy that month..
Awkward
I am starting to develop a complex!
what in the world
Sadly, there was no Frenchhornsolo at tonight's Symphonic Rock Show.
However, there was plenty o' backing up to do!
Fun show!!
What is your favorite wine from Enoteca Style?
Hmm leaving for Florida In a few hours?
Yea buddy!
Finished FCAT like a boss :
I think I identify as a Chubbette.
The dichotomy of my life: simultaneously catching up on last night's Mad Men and this the Cinco de May updates.
MEE3 i had bad luck today, i fell off my skateboard about 2 times:
the owners of debon got together this weekend and made some moves so keep your eyes open cuz new shirts and prints will be coming very soon
If I never had to listen to, look at, or hear about nicki minaj again I would be ecstatic.
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Miami!
Check out the Buckley Guitar!
Thanks, I came up with the idea because of my kids room.
Now I'm trying to get inspired for some new designs that are similar
ha, i know what keeps you up at night..disjointed spreadsheets and lack of tracking.
back from maternity leave and ready to chat
Ahh new at this , ; hopfully I like it
i finally got my power cord for my interface...
i will have more live videos with good quality sound coming up...
i take song suggestions
pretty good, Kenny!
Thinking about how much  I wasted on my hair cut today only to want it back to the way it was before makes me want to shave it bold!
Time to get it done!
Must win !
Vikings 3/3 thus far...hitting solid players at positions of huge need.
At Koyaanisqatsi screening, at Avery Fisher Hall with Tangie!
Her birthday is day after tomorrow ;
Equipment upgrades are always cause for celebration :
Um what if we combine your icon with mine !!
Woke up to my baby laying next to me:P
I know!
Have you taken advantage?!
Good one!
Lol RT.
Words with Friends would be more accurate if it was called Scrabble with a bunch of cheaters.
Thank you for taking Hunger Games out of 1st place.
Best wishes for your continued success.
I think Birdman's innocent.
You know how NBA guys are.
There's always like 50 hangerson an cousins crashing at their mansions.
If these Indiana and Ohio State double digit leads hold up, the B1G will be 60 so far in the post season.
Best conference by far
Got my and tickets today for May 19th at the Susquehanna Bank Center.
Can.Not.Wait!
Let yourself be doctorwn by the stronger pull of that which you truly
Chief communication officers are now more than just advisors.
They achieve policy.
we're they cute mice?
Haha
Cool!
Is there a link?
Also, any chance of fixing the Wunderly library 500 error?
Willing to help if needed!
Noon which coast?
And is there anyway for you to randomly select me to win?
I kid, but really, is there?
Not at all, good sir.
Your FridayFlash is never turgid.
:
He sure did.
I think they hold back if someone is TOO good on the first dance.
Met with a major publisher not yet on board with decoupling of technology and content.
No failure to communicate ala Cool Hand Luke.
Thanks for the retweets!
RT : RT : Hilton Miami Downtown a TAG Approved Hotel!
bit.ly/nNUTrU
stoked to see you at
So excited for the 'Unruly' Webutante Ball tomorrow night.
You can't possibly imagine how nice the tie I'm going to wear is.
Aghhhhh I love you
DAMN IT DAMN IT DAMN IT.....SMDH!!!!
We just heard the best cheating story about the landscaping guy.
Have you ever hooked up with your hot landscaper?
2229800
So much going on, I've missed out on a lot of stuff.
Sadly.
Your timeline suggests you head up an antidefamation league 4 female comics.
Maybe u r brilliantly funny, but this  boring.
come say it , right now .
i would be more than happy to kick you ass .
now goodbye .
i dont talk to fat ugly wannabe bitches .
how u doing
wht do u need to know
on May 22nd is my birthday, but I know you won't tweet me because of Springle Ball ..
Are you a systems engineer?
Do you implement general systems theory ideas in your work?
Spent my Basketball season in Columbus this year so Spartans playing here just about makes up for it
you guys are the cutest :
Massage chair.
3x1000000000
I love Les Halles downtown.
Nice!
10 pm sharp!
at Hotel Cafe in Hollywood.
Hopefully you can come.
It's my birthday show.
Be sure to say hi if you come
Shawn, do you keep up with the NBA playoffs?
NF latte for me all day every day :
Hey ladies!
Stop by Art Bar any night of the week and earn 10 cashback on every purchase!
It pays to be !
RT : Kiev tonight for Fusion Cube Launch!
See you all there Trancefamily !
GO FOR THE STARS AND BEYOND THE STARS TO THE STAR TREES WHERE THE STAR SEEDS ARE FROM
The first ResidentEvil movie is by far the best.
Sometimes the world just surprises you, and you just smile and enjoy it!

This Has Been Deandoctor on here But I have taken back the throne
Find some inner peace with quiet meditation
: : nice picthanksanytime ..u have voxer
Just got done pretending to work out who says eating lascala salad is not a work out its a lot of work to move my fork to my mouth
Jason Green, the OTHER 'n' word.
Those promises people can't keep  .
but waste time on a nonfactor
Because there is no typical pageant girl.
Thank you I watched Hilarious and now I laugh every time my phone takes a little extra time to load.
Nice!
I hope so, for 's sake.
lol yea blame it on the alcohol
ItsHardTo become SUCCESSFUL when you refuse to make a COMMITMENT to SUCCEED.
Matriarchal wisdom...
true ishh
Grilling pork tenderloin for monthly community group dinner tonight.
Last we can host in our house.
EMS BOLD IS PUNCH IN THE FACE !
Of corps that decided to offer benefits for another year, a growing percentage are making employees pay a heftier share of the premium
Will be attending the
I agree I wish that men and women would just b honest and it would prevent a lot of hurt I've been single bcuz I'm afraid 2 get hurt
Today's episode of the show is now available for FREE on our website at 640sportsdotcom.
Troy will be back tomorrow at 10am.
Share with me only star in the sky, I need a sign from another light.
33
So ready to get in with my ladies for mothers day :
do you have the chance to talk webhost?
How long was your commute today?
playing big fat fun , spliff laden tracks...
These dudes and gal know their records!!!!
Watching Game Change.
Julianne Moore does a helluva Tina Fey impression.
And what do you think their chances are?
I hate when someone else has a hand in your density.
I called no answer
Many ppl think they can!
I didn't eat any today!
Jose are you selling that Cruiser?
78?
yeah kids follow you.
We Know the kinds of people that are out there.
No reason to retweet that crap.
Thx for supporting us
of all the things i am most proud of my siblings for, it is for their not having had childoctorn without the means to support them.
Today was not like I expected but it was okay :
they are extremely comfortable.
Community is nuts tonight.
I love it!
Watching the best gymnast ever on nbc
same follow me so we can chat in a message
Heading over to volunteer at Dell Childoctorn's tonight.
Cant wait!
no I won't.
RewardMilk hates the Boston Bruins.
As it's a dairy product, I'm not sure how.
As a sentient being, I know why.
Best Guess would be that Oprah was the Flyers Goalie Coach for a night!
You Get A Goal, You Get A Goal, You Get A Goal!
didnt pay Chicago taxes,lived in a Chicago home/apt, attended Chicago schools,got robbed/jumped byChicago thieves/gangs?No lol
define: spam on the goog gets Irrelevant or inappropriate messages sent on the Internet to a large number of recipients
Between  changing glad to see twitter is the same!
Boston JaneAn Adventure by Jennifer Holm: City Girl Goes Country
Forecast for Tonight: Becoming mostly cloudy.
Patchy fog overnight.
Lows 55 to 60.
Light winds.
Just gave an interview to Newsweek about what's happening w/ Rush if you've been following the story: Should a FB apology count?
why not the Overcomer fulfill the prophecy that Jesus will come again,
I think its time to be realistic.
No more 'LOL' We're never really laughing.
So from now on its 'NTN' Noise Through Nose
I hate waiting
Hangin at the pacers game with !
Who's that woman who walked on the court tryna holla at Ty Lawson?
Alright.
I'll take your word and preorder them all since I'm an avid Fable player.
It's tied for my favorite game.
Thanks!
live in portland  love to text?
you could make a 100 dollars by participating in an focus group hosted by 9703611500
but babe, I was only kidding.
:O /3
I know you don't, It's creative and different from most of these other usernames.
takes some people a lifetime to learn that...
You are ahead of the curve!
Reminder: TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1tweet play that features SMOKE.
watching starwars family guy!
Ready to burn up like a phoenix and rise from the ashes, totally reinvented.
I hear my higher purpose calling.
Done speaking.
I have no idea how it went: some students were engaged, others bored.
I was quite nervous at first, which surprised me.
As the Bears continue signings, who's really to blame for Forte not being signed; Matt or the Bears?
Discussions heating up at NMCh .
Awesome :
Thanks man, made it back to NYC!
Thanks for showing me the best time in Ghana.
Be in touch Charlie, see you in the States!
I'd rather be dead in California than alive in Arizona.
FLOTUS  First Lady Of The United States that sounds sexy ok 15 to get in work mode
Um, You think Marcia Clarke has had work done?
she is a facelift away from Joan Rivers  Lil Kim land
Wonder if there's a market for that up in Alaska.
So strange.
love you too33
I just want things to be the way they used to be :
Yes mine is higher waisted as well, well if u r not totally in love with it then it'll find a new home :
doctorve is on netflix?
Time to watch.
I feel great!
that's how I feel!
lol!
Send me an email and let me know what you need :
this is going to be so much fun .
My car told me to Change the Oil ...
isn't this like your kid saying change my diaper?
If you can ask, why can't you do?
zip it or we'll break your hip, old man river!
awesome brother.
Hope it was a blast...
Watching Apocalypse Now on AMC out of the corner of my eye.
The Heart of Darkness.
Kurtz is one messed up dude.
Clive James on...
The Big Spring Clean, Homes from Hell, Titanic, Nothing to Declare, Homeland and Folk at the B..
I'm so tired, but I'm clcs's best alumni yet.
was straight crazy!
What did you think?!
ppl r saying we just aren't going to resign Caron at all, but wood  roddy r going to the hawks?!
IDK
would that it were true.
although there's almost certainly dark arts involved: it just coughed up someone I've been tryin ...
lol why you alwas being mean to me what I do
oh I see!
Sorry kinda burnt a little haha.
But yeah, that'd be soo cool to have a girlfriend to help me in school :
Only shortterm change Instagram's planning is a laughing all the way to the bank filter.
Makes all your pics look money.
Feeling blessed....
: 
Its hard for all of us to get use to changes,especially when it comes to people.
Thanks for the mentions and RTs!
Yeah!!!
RT : We've been named to the 2012 B2B Best of Omaha list for Social Media Consultants.
Congratulations to our entire team!
Just seeing this tweet.
Darn BlackBerry.
Thanks for letting me know!
Hard work, persistence, ambition, and professorssionalism...take these to the job with you!
No.
Not like that at all.
Tonight's plans: figure out how to turn a wireless router into a wireless network repeater.
Bet you wish you were me!
I kinda am..extra chunky too, dire straits.
Come to nyc 8/2528, I teach u trading!
RT: you wearin the extra mediums?
VEGAN 101 has been selected for screening at the 2012 LA Film, TV  Webisode Festival in April at Raleigh Studios, Hollywood.
You're most welcome.
I hope you're experiencing a TerrificTuesday!
LMAO!
Must be doo doo !!
Lol what you been up to bro?
Lack of vitamin C.
no gotta work early.
Growth and development are vital keys in measurement of one's progress in life and in sports.
Good night :
My pleasure : I love your floral creations, they're great!
the party is tonight be on TV with Domenicos new show Hey How Are Ya
sitting in waiting rooms 
why the face?
Great .
My day is great cant complain at all
Thank you Edge !!!
You are allready missed !!!
maybe fathers day
4:30 in the morning on a saturday is way to early to be up.
me too Randy Thank You!
well , people on spring break dont .
On set of camp kickitoo
No more Boos for world peace lol
Feelng much bettet : Thanks Mark.
How are you?
I'm going to hire two private investigators and get them to follow each other.
no timeout bo?
I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOU
Thy rod and staff comfort me.
Inuendo.
Masculine men with lots of testosterone and big penus' are the ones who rule the world.
our pleasure and thanks for the love!
The elevator hallway scene in The Cabin in the Woods is right up there with the opening of Ghost Ship in terms of awesomeness.
I am so angry at those doctornk couchburners for giving UL fans something to repeat over and over like a broken record.
Thanks, assholes.
Great quote for togs from : Sometimes you only get one chance to captainre a photograph.
Checking on ows  broadway still open below Fulton
Another reason for you guys to visit us here at AU, aka AJew, aka gAyJew.
Whelp.
I think I've expressed myself quite enough today..
Pls join us on Friday at 230 pm at the KSU flag for memorial tribute to alum Jonathan Walsh, killed in action, Afghanistan.
FIGHT!
FIGHT!
FIGHT!
kick his ass seabass!!!
RT A lot of girls rocking the My Father Didn't Love Me Enough costume this Halloween eve.
We are : You'll have to check it out!
dukes special guest new orleans legendary stride pianist steve pistorious tonight
follow me it's my birthday  it would make my day
My mom decides to get doctornk on the night my boyfriends parents come over.
Real cool mom.
oh no!
butter emergency!
good thing there's 3 lbs in my fridge RIGHT NOW
Are you serious.....wait...seriously!?
RT : 2.
If so, do the Caps try to trade Alex Ovechkin?
Would you?
Great Tshirts for fans of the City of Cleveland !
Rep your city with pride!!
Dear Twitter Friends / Followers  I'm humbled by the way you've stuck with me during my absence  thank you all so very much!
Cya soon!
so thanks lol:
All you have managed to do is make me understand why the GOP backed her.
Happy gobble gobble birthday!!
where you working ?
Being on a boat that's moving through the water, it's so clear.
Everything falls into place in terms of what's important  what's not
Airlines Studying the Science of Better InFlight Meals
Working on events tomorrow, so that will be OK.
I don't get out much.
Lol.
Where's Jamari?
Chilllin on a dirt road, laid back swervin like I'm george jones :
It has nothing to do with Zombies, but check out Allen Gregory on Oct 30th.
Watch their SDCC Panel in our latest episode!...
The rain didn't stop Councilman Marty Jewell from stopping by!
Thanks!
Are you gonna do the picture soon?
No rush, just asking...
I can get coffee anywhere why do I wait on Starbucks line.
I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts.
John Locke
Make it nasty
Well this has been one sketchy ass weekend
thanks to ME
The Art Institutes sound more and more appealing everytime I look into them.
the fun is just getting going for the Jets!
Marty Cordova's tanning bed
thanks for following!
: Enjoy your day!
Follow me in my Twitter business page
cause it plain 
Somebody open a Pho bowl joint called Viet Nomz.
still a good shot at moving on, thibs showing how good he really is
it's here!!!!!!
RT : Jeremy is staying up with us until after midnight!
What a trooper.
Basically it comes down to the fact that, after a year in Bo Ryan's system, Uthoff didn't think it was the best fit for him.
Oh Gemma, I love you and your food so much.
Especially when you give us a 300 bottle of champagne for only 75
Will someone tell the chick with the 35lb plates on the leg press to get up?!?!
I have some big weight I need to move
I would really like to play my trey tonight  rented a game yesterday, and am not exactly getting my s worth.
omg.
when it comes to my parents  homework i am such a compulsive liar.
i'm such a bad person lol
That would be great!
I'm entry level in the Nonprofessort world I'm lucky to have an organization assisting my professordevelopment
must be ur perfume....
Thanks for the retweet!
Lesson to live by..When your brain can't function...don't doctorw...decisions aren't sharp.
Ya'll should follow my other account : ASK ME TO FOLLOW BACk!3
Michael Phillips regales with story of being in first high school production of Follies.
Can you imagine?
At Engine28 meeting.
David Wallace is the man
Ads that cover up content make me want to neither read HuffPost or shop at JCPenny.
Today's definitely going a lot better than I thought.
P.S.
thanks for the professorle infovery helpful!
See you later today.
Stacy
RT Happy Mothers Day to all the fabulous moms!!
This one day is not enough to show appreciation!!
How far can you go down 's tweets until you don't see the word Fuck?
Hope I can visit the exhibits.
I can take crap home this time for a change.
Look out vendors!!
I want swag.
Sport Blogs, Using Off Season Baseball Workouts to Their Fullest ...
I'm all yours on Thursday : oh and btw opens at 4 on Sundays lol guess I was a few hours early
Musicians don't retire; they stop when there's no more music in them.
Louis Armstrong
hi austin..
so i just wanted to say hi  that i love you to death 3 youre my inspiration :
really ur an actriz u love doctorma!!!!!
Tomorrow night: OCCUPY ALL STREETS part 3 with !
Start by inviting  bringing a friend!
It's that easy.
I live for the day when we finally have working computers here.
You know, ones that can handle online PDFs without crashing.
The whole secret of life is to be interested in one thing professorundly and in a thousand things well.
What i Want to do Before I Die is.
Meet / maybe even marry But i Could only doctorAM 
The things that keep us apart.
Keep me alive and the things that keep me alive keep me alone 
Sisterly binding 
Out now and about to head home and eat!!!
count me in for nerdiness.
Giving a damn is my favorite quality.
I played a whole lot of slide guitar tonight.
That more or less sums up my life at the moment.
Just in case you're not following her.
Seriously though!
RT : Whenever Cinco de Mayo and Derby Day happen to be the same day, can we just change it to Big Hat Day?
Mavs might of disappointed me last night but the rangers made up for it today
Agree!
RT : I think it would b great2have K12 parents counselors teachers  principals join us
text me : cutie 3
You should all request honestly by to your local radio stations!!
You won't regret it!
Hunger  diminished capacity for physical and intellectual development  reduced ability to work  vicious cycle
Senators focused on killing giants
Paul, for some reason, I seldom get down.
Been fighting a long, long time  still laugh my ass off every day...
Not impressed madonna..
Not impressed
New year  new business tactics.
How about signing up for a Live or OnDemand Streaming account with us?!
I think I might have to visit an Apple store tomorrow in honor of the genius and legacy of Steve Jobs.
He will be missed.
um, I dunno..
I know that i have family in Dagupan city P
saw MkW in LA 4 Boardwalk Empire event  TV Acad, said he was heading your way for Treme Wrap Party.
Show him da town now!
I think the ceiling for AGon is higher than Pujols.
Even if the floor is lower for AGon, I would still take that chance.
Yikes, that's a big incarceration in just one week...
why?
Related to last month's riots?
Tony  Javier shared the same special stage tonight on TheVoice.
Cannot believe I was watching the two of them on TV.
Amazing.
So so great.
.
loved the piece on creating branded content!...great reminder to step back, take an editorial eye
Heat Seeking Ghost of Sex DGD 3
NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead......makes me wanna ask my followers for head.
No sorry.
You know my connection with the NHL so no longer diehard.
Twoday old Jersey Mike's for breakfast  delicious.
hey it's I don't know if you realized but you blocked me on that account.
Please unblock : 
Thx for the shout  email me:
I miss you too.
:
Is that for real?
it looks like the article wasn't even spellchecked.
Congrats to Kentucky on their national championship!
if I was old enough that I could vote, I would vote to ban any and all homework!
So the cheeseburger meant to ramp up my iron made me sick.
Blech.
Never let me complain about this semester.
Last fall, 480 total essays.
Spring: 450 total essays.
Now: 220.
Longest set of updates ever.
Still waiting for my computer to power up.
Tucson bound.
Las cruces currently.
Dumbest thing I have heard since Ozzie was on town.
Transparent GIF usage can be artful.
Just saw Logorama, a motion graphics designer's doctoram...
or nightmare.
Cool if you're into logo design  branding like me.
what I do bruh?
I need ma money PRONTO!
if you DM me your email I'd be happy to take your contact info as promised  but claiming that we went AWOL is just not true

Thanks for ff last Friday.
Have a great week.
It's one of those who the hell cares kind of days....
i cannot handle your Glee updates.
They're officially outta control.
Meant to say this before, but you wrote a fine tribute to the original naysayer,
Chewy wanna just wake up now...
I pray for all of us lol
woah dude.
He's gonna start an army of bad basketball players
BOO FROG Tomorrow  PLAN B
Yes lol wackberry.
Ok so I need to dwnld the app..I hope its free.
Lol
My new favorite thing: when archivists high five.
Forgot a belt 
I'm so jelly.
I want one.
thank you so much!
:
Once things change u learn to change with it....
I LITERALLY have the best friends in the entire world.
well, hed pretty much be right.
im not writing the rejection email, thats for sure.
Do you have any relaxation techniques to share?
Wed love to hear your thoughts on this video and any comments you may have.
I hope u aint bullshittin us saying ur coming to milwaukee on april fools day
The goldenglobes feel like an awkward family reunion.
But still kind of funny in that way where family reunions are.
I was wondering can something be done with the targeting system.
It seems wants barrels instead of the enemy.
Great game!
YES!!!!
Royals beat the Evil Empire!!!!
wow thats crazy
Just give me one thing that isnt seethrough.
almost got killed by a sign malfunction during the live chat tonight!
Never a dull moment!!
Thanks CMT and to the fans!!
I admit it, I love Phillip Phillips!
yea, but that still doesn't explain why you were up so late!
Still time to celebrate Team Scholars Inn Bakehouse cycling victory with a FREE cookie at any Bakehouse.
Way to go
can't even tag me in this??
Really ryland
Thats why it is inportant to keep an open mind when it come to finding your soulmate.
RT : Any IU Fans or Hoosiers ready for SBXLVI checkout the dudes over at Sweet designs for any fans wardoctorbe
Have to finish three books this weekend.
Writing an Af.
Am.
youth booklist for work and I feel like I'm back in grad school.
Did a gig earlier with Kadeish for a church helping the homeless hundoctords of people...good scene
Wonder if this MarsEdit thing had an effect on my fb account as well...I have SelfControl on, so can't tell myself :p
check!
Left my toothbrush in riverside this weekend ....luckily I had an extra MJM dental one.
Thanks for having my back!
my life haha
im looking for someone to do exhibits with me at mlanet12.
i dont really need anything but i want to enter to win ipads!
:
OMFG.
THIS IS AMAZING.
W00t.
Warming trend on tap for this weekend with temperatures climbing into the 70s!
Thanks !
Swing by when you get in town and get settled in.
Just 1 short bock from the convention center next to the Westin.
It is not the employer who pays the wages.
Employers only handle the money.It is the customer who pays the wages.
Henry Ford
Tune into SAXAppeal!!!!
In about 5 minutes.
Go to georgetownradio.com, and click Listen Live
Heading out to instruct a class of 29 on how to Lawn Bowl.
If you have never tried it, you are missing a FUN sport
That being said: I'll try being nicer if you'll try being smarter.
Hello...
What error message are you getting...
is truly amazing.
i cant stop retweeting those tweets!
How many penalties can one game have?
Truth is I hate you and I wish the two of us were in the arena.
I know ill be on the way in 30
REST / CRUD in Sierra.
Can you specify the response type in the headers instead of in the URL?
please tweet and follow me!
youre so cool: 
I'll seriously come to Dublin and burn your house down.
Just heard the store I bought my lottery tickets sold one worth 250,000.
whynotme:
That goal was mostly luck, but we'll take it!
Approval on one shortsale today.
Still getting runaround w Chase on another w USDA.
Starting to think that Chase is worse than BOA!
Oh so now she getting mad cause I'm tweeting on your phone.
Pray the Devil Back to Hell re: women who wanted peace in Liberia screening/reception 6::30pm Friday Free and open to public.
but that's the past i guess
Merry Christmas to everyone and their families from
Thanks so much for helping to spread the word!
Buck thinks I cheat on him.
Why is everyone so hot???
For you nerds that think Mac is better be prepared to download all our sweet casts from itunes in the next few days!
I'm done  wipes hands
Thanks for the RT!
RESCHEDULED  tonight's lecture with doctor James Waller has been rescheduled for Feb.
2.
Location to be confirmed.
We hope to see you in Feb!
I know Thanksgiving is over but I'm very thankful for maximum strength Pepcid AC.
oh, chambray.
Not yet...
Making a visit to Miami next moth.
I think Peyton picked Denver so he could see win a national championship
The sideline erupts as they rally to defeat Utah 43 in a nail biter!
cétait rein!
Damn, Lenny Dykstra, grand theft auto is something your kids play, not something you get charged with.
Thought you were rich, killa.
the car is giving birth to a ginger
Well that was a waste of time
ICantStandPeople That Copy Me!
.
Be Your Own Amazing Self :
How do you expect me to compete with the other girls you've been with?
There gorgeous they have personality there closer to you....
Well what do you know, you can eat yogurt with a fork.
Glad I didn't have to doctornk my yogurt.
hey followers checkout the new pictures of zendaya and bella throne i put up
I am teamTaurus my daughter is teamCapricorn
I see.
Well, kinda knows everything.
That bernard hermann episode is in the bp hall of fame.
Everyone has that one person they just continuously fuck poorly
I'm sorry did he just say I've got my little swag going on?
I love our dinners
If only everyone's grandma could be this awesome when they find out their grand kids are having sex.
More  Post from: TheGloss
I like where your head is at
Nite Tales the TV Series airs January 16th!!!
Directed by Jamie Foxx and starring Jason Mewes  yours truly ; also new photo on my site!
Raw time.
Hold on, man.
We don't go anywhere with scary, spooky, haunted, or forbidden in the title.
ScoobyDoo
I dont have time to chase women.
My legs aint built for that...
then why don't you get up and do something about it?
Yeah your right it doesn't..
I always end up being even wierder then when I started to pretend to be normal...
M Thanks for the follow :
seriously did she really cut her beautiful long hair?
Ohemgee!!
Happy Tuesday!!!
Come in for 2 tuesdays on Bud/Miller Light Pints, 2 Tequila Shots..
Steph is working during the day Jenna  Night.
when are you coming to visit you m f er
yeah it was super intense!
I hope we can keep it up.
yeah thats awesome work!!
keep up the great work!!!
And just like that, the Eurotrip is over.
Now, I need to play Internet and life catch up from the past 15 days...
Legs are tired.
Maybe i should not have sat down.
WeWereCoolUntil u felt the need to stab me n the back and tawk shyt
Congrats on a successful launch!
Didn't know this until now: 3.5 million US jobs depend on advertising mail!
WOW print mail via
Cleaning up after doctornk people......
SoListen is number 40 in the pop category on iTunes!
we can't get enough of this song!
SO GOOD:
Who made On the Red On the Wine ?
I'm not sure how I feel about that.
I will be there!!
At first, I was angry when Facebook bought Nikon, but now I can play Farmville on my D4!
A police officer was forced to release pepper spray to maintain safety.
For there she was.
I know I'm a day late but congrats to my  OwlSports friends on another amazing semester.
Look forward to what the seniors do!
is a MUST FOLLOW.
Bostonians, please welcome her to town.
Jen, thanks for making my week!
OH, Trout.
James Michael Johnson  very solid pickup, should contribute.
Ryan miller  Nick pickup, could very well start at guard.
Pinning is majorly addictive...I can't stop!
Follow back please?:
Goal in Life: Urinal in the basement.
go in!
The ambassadors wife is a doll!!
Cool I'm gonna check it out right now 
going ahead and sending out press releases for Friends getting accepted into NFFTY.
: I hate when its quiet and your eating something crunchy.
even worse when you can't hear the tv because of your own crunch
Thanks for the follow.
followed you back.
:
My favorite quote so far today: The most sweet hearted people are the most mistreated people.
uncooked onion breath ass nigga
All these boys with attitudes
Why did the moth nibble a hole in the carpet ?He wanted to see the floor show !
is following?
Fuck.Dont expect me 2 suddenly change, say anything funny or relevant.
I mostly just talk bout Game of Thrones
We'll be there in 30 min or less!
RT : Heading to the White House to rally for Obama.
Who's coming with me?
I'm crazy looking forward to Friday......Music  good people!
finally getting on twitter for a change!
Talkin local music venues shop w/ Marc of on
welcome home.
Glad you're back!
The white is where the money is.
Still no discussion of research.
Focus all day has been on teaching.
Why?
notgettingit at
I recently accepted a completely awesome software engineer position!
Telecommuting no less!
I start in 2 weeks!!!
When you can only breathe through one side of your nose.
Beautiful thunderstorms, but practically, means I didn't sleep last night.
It's going to be a long day...
I wish I hadn't read the resolution of this question first.
oh.
We'll have to make a stop there, then.
K
Wake bake n phish
Thank u!!!
xx RT: FOLLOW NOW ITS WATCHES GALORE!
followfollowfollowfollow
it's so good
I can honestly say there likely wont be this much consternation over the Cavs doctorft.
A top 5 pick this year is almost Paxsonproof.
outgoing, funny, friendly.
Lol what about you!?
Thanks for the RT!
Makes this day even better to have your support
You sure?
Thanks for the spot!
Yay tweeting from new phone!!
waterblock, a pruduct I was impressed with.
Performs well on roof
RT : Simply wonderful stay In the Parlor Suite !
Def recommend it to the twittersphere.
Chocolate milk and mocha coffee mixed is heaven in a mug.
Great strategy.
Keep fans constantly engaged by having social media accounts for your characters.
Overheard on linksy webinar:  is awesome
can't wait to see my hubby at the end of the week.
countdownbegins 
I want to try these!
RT : A3: Cider Donuts from , in the fall, with hot apple cider
RT  you hear about the guy who stole a miami dolphins jersey, then wore the jersey to court and said this shows i ...
RT : hi I heard u are the real nicki minaj
Jeppa Joe is hanging out at Broadway and Kilbourn with  tigetbitetruck THEHARDWOODCAFE and misterWills wings...come down for some great food!
Baldwin on SNL as American Airlines pilot apologizing to Baldwin is pretty great.
Shout it out to let all the world know that Jesus saves:
My neighbors dog will not stop barking!
Is it rude for me to ask them ...
Wtf!???
Bring him in!!!!!?
Two vendors secured for Chocolate Fest 2012!
and Chocolate for the Spirit!
Mark calendars now 102012 at
Had Flamming HOTS and gummy worms for breakfast, stomach toe up!!
Ugh!!!...
Lmao
Thanks for the follow, Eric!
Gonna check out your writing...
TUE Lunch Entree Special: Grilled Irish Salmon on a Bed of Green Beans  Apple Smoked Bacon with a Sweet Corn  Tomato Vinaigrette
Swing by if it doesn't get better.
I can give you something prescription strength.
Hungry?
Let us feed you!
We'll do the cooking!
Nice visit to Royale Projects, gallery in Indian Wells.
Wellcurated jewel of a space
and now everyone is going to try and find out who Ben Winston is if they don't already know  theLifeOfA ...
Why can't I friken sleep ugh
I lost the guy i loved
And for my dad, who is.
speciallager RT : Dos Equis is for old white men who think they're interesting.
when tomorrow becomes today, and we reach the end of the sidewalk.
Badass movie.
So good.
Life is too short to be small.
Benjamin Disraeli
This triple play is going to be awesome.
keep in touch any time
movie night.
Yes.
I get out may 24th!
Speaking of summer, guess who just got tickets to see cody and btr?!
Hahaha
whoever wins...I just want concerts in this city
3 PM coffee, y'all.
Please bring back anthonyevans !!!
YES for reaching 500 followers!!!
Pac was cool till he became a fake thug.
no lol I've just got a ton of pics of him
What do you get if you cross a bee with a door bell?A hum dinger !
I wish all of my personal hells were as delicious as the Columbus Circle Whole Foods.
Can I bring these kale chips w/ me when I kill myself?
RT: Being a grownup is an exceedingly complicated undertaking.
Just defining what 'grownup' means, is taxing!
Prometheus looks absolutely bad ass!
Hell yeah.
I know is going too.
Was thinking corner suite.
Maybe we sell our tix and all chip in?
this girl loves YOU!
Knob Creek on the rocks.
Yes.
but at least I'm a truthful Dick
Somewhat concerned that none of the keynoters for this actually work in a library.
Yep, we should be around.
Can't wait!
BB users are those noncommittal types who are still waiting for the iphone 5
Well I'm back at it...
Journey of redemption .
JS8 the CAMPAIGN coming soon
One more number before mine!
Looking forward to coffee :
A2.
Just give me  and get out of my way.
Well that's always exciting :
i'm never on here cause i feel like nobody likes me.
ha!
nice.
you ever golf up at kohler?
i was up there a few weeks before the PGA last year, amazing course!
A majority of the House Republicans ran on the basis that government doesnt work.
And now that theyre elected theyre determined to prove it
haha definitely.
Too many distractions
if people were to make fun of u then u do have beauty and their just jealous
Thankyou friends for reading and following my tweets.
Thankyou twitter
Who is this?
The more impatient version of the person you just spoke to.
need to invest in a humidifier any suggestions on good ones?
I was thinking of getting one that looks like a penguin!
Following back..
RT : now following follow back
looks like an egg.

Good, his yellows against Arsenal were undeserved!
thank u i know
just counting down the days till summer where I can be at the pool all day and doctornk with and
Thanks to the communications pros who helped my students do their last projects!
Reach for the strap like nigga be there when I turn around
Diabetes National Health Spending Slated to Increase by 2020 The health reform law  th Affordabl Car Act i slate t ushe i ch
Paper Planes
can't wait to try cafe benelux for breakfast.
maybe to hot for the rooftop?
Absolutely.
That was amazing!
Man ppl still talkin bout that amber cole situation,who hasn't done crazy shit when they was young
Morning MFP family!
Parents demanding waivers for kids birthday parties.
Interesting
Pizza on a stick
Come up with a qualification of the quantification in total cost of ownership sourcing decision
And thanks to fellow dogdoters and for advice!
A5: While I would like to plead the 5th I have to admit I've said things that I would like to take back!
Today is beautiful!
Walking dogs
AP Engilsh Lit exam today 
are hot?
FollowFriday Just cause I love her tweets ;
luv your new book ben with  , Education Innovation 2 teachers and Principles part hilarious, no buyin
I'm here.
But not much.
I've been very busy lately working on making this film happen for you guys to enjoy.
skip it
my cubicle in a library.
taeyun,membr of snsd ,pics attached all around
Why are you talking to me, stop that
shoutout if you're still terrified to open a fresh bag of chips at your mama's house
1:39:21 a PR by over 7 min.
Great race , beautiful and very well organized.
RT No one ever said it would be easy, shout out to all the couples who staying together thru hard times
our surprise was a success!!!!!
I love you btch!!!!
I don't wanna be sober long, so you need to get me high again
Done with her celebrity safari at the chateau marmont and just changed her flight out to next week
Canons are awesome.
RT : RT 4th and forever is a great show about football.I love it
YouKnowWhatIHateTheMost people on ebay who rip you off, and then close their accounts down!
robbing gits!
I never get it when I want it, but its right on time
New Release Tuesday!
What are you guys listening to right now?
yay!
This week is tough in closing and have a speaking engagement.
Let's try for next week.
Gonna try to have an excellent Sunday worrying about my uncle's car being broken into at the ROH show!
looks like 's twitter got hacked.
.
.
I think i believe she wouldnt talk like that.
Goin to pilates was the best idea ive ever had!!
I'll keep you posted on what we do.
take a bunch of tylenol to get you thru til next weekend, then you'll be here!
if the day isn't long then you can come over and we can do hair because I need my hair did and so do you
Saxons, Vikings and Celts by Bryan Sykes.
Fascinating, but he stretches things a bit.
ThingsWeAllHate  people lying and stealing
To differentiate himself from John McCain, Herman Cain has asked his old college buddies to stop calling him by his Dj name, MC Cain
You mad cause i'm at the Grammys with the Vatican.
i do.
Don't say that
Maybe you just need to move the bacon from breakfast to lunch.
Maybe a nice BLT on glutenfree toast :
Downstairs playing the Bass Guitar...
It is a fun ensemble; I wanna do another :
Oh, oh...
very nice!
Just realized, I said 'swimmingly'.
Sorry.
Thanks for the follow !
I just Love :
Up in waynes world
Personally I want to see Thunder vs Heat in the final.
Slow Jams 
We're going to have fun today!
I'm bringing 10 wines for sampling.
See you at 1:00, Carl.
Go Micha!
When did she start running?!!!
Good for her.
only the best RTs : but apologies for flooding the zone
A Century of Philanthropy: A Carnegie Corporation of New York  American Libraries Magazine http3A2F2Fbit.ly2FobtiEp
taking shots at you...wrongo!
I think he should keep his fingers on the keyboard too...
my point is essentially that having the right tools does little good without license to use them
nope, never heard it haha
Damn I love mkebeerweek and
Holy cow I almost just tweeted something political.
THAT was a close one.
things i've learned at lssc12 so far: opportunities to be surprised IDs where to learn require predictions about what will happen
Is it winter yet?
Someone wake me up from hibernation when it is.
kthxbai
Like is mentioning, this is weird for people my age.
I was in 7th grade when 9/11 happen and I just graduated college.
got my nose pierced finally!!!
at home finnallly, i need a good nights sleep  goodnight ya'll
Those mornings when u wake up extremely horny from A doctoram u can't even remember .
On a couch in the tattoo shop nonetheless.
My bad.
I would have assumed social media would communicate back with the customer team.
Just want to thank my incredible army of supporters all over the world for embracing Femme Fatale.
You are my everything.
Brit
Does Scola bathe?
Jonathan Rees: All servers will go down
First it Etta James, then Don Cornelius, and now David Peaston.
Need to do some grocery shopping tonight.
yeah that was it....that was a good game.
too many errors
I'm not sure but I think he is like 5'11.
But its just a guess
Black History Month
Giants Rule!
Don't associate with liars, hypocrites,  people who take advantage of people who care about them.
Ah yes, the wonderful world of underground charcuterie.
Right here in my hometown no doubt.
Hoes talk for no reason these days
I have the busiest schedule in the world.
I hate it ugh so boring!
Don't get me wrong i love beer.
Should've sat in front of me.
RT : When plays with my hair 
The tin bores me.
Yawn.
MittRomney's bullying of a gay prep school classmate haunted the victim  4 witnesses' whole lives.
Romney doesn't recall it.
Aww I agree RT : My 2012 wish is for to remain real and for me to stop being so fakeI miss her :
no you can't leave the saints business side of football sucks
Love you Too !
But TM is still votinq for you Faithfully !
and Daily L B V S TM wear yall at V O T E !
Show them LOVE

Mid 14th century French ProverbDon't expect things to go right the first time
This is called a slide.
Not a time to worry.
The thought that we should every game is a NFL mentality.
DUMB.
Simplicity is...the best general rule in doctorssing little childoctorn; and infants particularly should be spared all unnecessary ornament.
teacher, i am so hungry.
there is a beggar inside my stomach.
one of my students.
you know what I just realized?
That at 11:11 I was listening to 11:11 on the last day you're going to be 15!
':
team prasatik placed 3rd in the trigirl triathlon!
whoop!
Know that leadership is about opting in.
Some want to opt out.
This choice is always yours.
Via podcast
Nearly had a heart attack today when I pulled into the garage after a trip 2 and realized I forgot to get the !
Boo!
Haha, so great!
For me, the Cafe Indio inspired frothed almond milk topping and the whole nine yards.
research finds a quarter of kids 612 on facebook, most w/parents' OK.
Parents friend their
Hope to see everyone at the Wfamily Fun Day today!
10am at Hope of the City Church on level 2 near Sears.
Sweet, thanks for the mention!
Good thing I get out in 30 minutes.
So, Walmart is the official sponsor of Baltimore Fashion Week.
Says a lot...can't see them EVER sponsoring
Ongoing experiment at Library of Congress looks into automatic classification of web archive with LCSH
It's not even 5pm and I've already been invited to 5 parties, 2 kickbacks and asked to brunch for tomorrow ;
why are METS fans abandoning ship??!
Yes, we were only going to lose 17 games all year...??
LOL
and I have reached stagnation in our wishbigwinbig endeavors, yet we play on.
very tempting.
TAH ends in 2013.
Often debate K12 teaching after....
have fun at Prom!!!!
Your going to look so pretty!
:
Appreciate that y'all have used them as functional marketing tools.
It was probably just that old episode of House of Payne.
awake so much on my mind
I need a haircut.
Now i know why men go to the barbershop every week.
This shit grow in fast...
whoa.
Glad they are doing away with the toilet in the shower.
is the best I know....let's eat
Headed to North Carolina...where I DON'T have to wear a coat in April.
They need to have an open mind.
Any trace of obstinacy will crush a teacher's ability to embrace tech
Open your heart up to receiving and see all that comes to you
Follow back?:
But it has my favorites on it so I'll survive.
I am your leader, yes i am your leader.
You not a believer, suck a big di lolwaitwhat 
OMG yes they are!
Chevy test doctorves happening outside the college of business, AND they're giving away 10 visa gift cards.
Camaros all day
You seen my lighter?
It's a dirty job!
But some one has to do it!!
hopefullytheylearn .....
you are hearing me but are you listening?
gauze, I hope im one of the first 12
i see ur learning more Spanish now ?
xDD
It's not cheating when the other guy is a diesel?
Ever notice in those burglar alarm commercials, the robber smashes a family photo, and bypasses the flat screen?
np.
Just called, we're good on time.
Thank you all for getting the word out about our Benefit Sale next Saturday in Georgetown.
Follow me please, I'm a good actress
what is a keruv symbol?
sure ill post
seems like a low bar...
Where's the good stuff happening today/tonight, Lemmings?
Doing good, been on week vacation.
:
wordoftheday South Side on a fall afternoon after a Steeler win will show you a mafficking good time!
Thanks Robert!
actually i hear that they will be making a movie soon  but meant GRRM
Damn I'm Irritated!!
There are numerous ways to improve.
Test are not, nor never will be, the way to do it.
If edges out in Ohio, does it declare that there's no consensus on Romney and spell trouble for him in Nov?
Thank goodness for Friday.
Time for pandora to works its magic.
So I'm in a musical this weekend in Atlanta, GA at Lakeside High School.
Wanna fly over here and see it?
I'll buy yo ticket
Rough start to my softball career.
game winner to pick me up.
Gotta get my head out of my ass next time.
nice!
I went to Montgomery!
Awesome to know people from the neighborhood are making it big.
We wish u much success.
God is truly amazing.
Feels good to see everyone, inuding myself, doctorams come true .
.
.
2012 is going to be a year to remember .
.
Thank you Marc Cherry and the cast of desperatehousewives for 8 wonderful seasons : I will miss this show...
20ThingsAboutMe 1 I don't like liars.
Last night during some role play my GF doctorssed up as Lara Croft.
The effort was nice but she reminded me more of a fridge raider
Taylor Kitsch stumbles into a civil war on Mars BEFORE WE DELVE into John Carter, here's a behindthescenes story about the movie's ma
Cooking some yummy red beans...they smell wonderful
Why I gotta eat so much at all these parties...
Congrats!
It might be tough to get tickets for such an elite team without paying a high premium.
thanks for stopping in.
Clips online yet?
What has 2 thumbs and...
no, I can't finish that cliche.
I did just submit a book proposal, though.
Who knows a screenprinter, who will travel with a 4 color printer and help BELOW THE BRIM create this new way of producing tees?
ANYONE!?
: Pinky promises mean the world to me.
Look at my face right now Does it look like I give a fuck 
A little bird just told me that faxing is a good way to communicate.
I wonder if they hang out with my grandma.
She loves to fax.
Goin' To Sleep Thinkin' About Them3 Makes Me Smile Just Thinking About Your Name3 GoodNight Twitter3
NP summer died in connersville  I see stars :
Tour of the pentagonawesome.
I love being an SI intern.
I wish
so does ok state win national championship?
Go puck yourself 
hahaha hi hi!
:D Noo, she belongs with Stefan, but let's not talk about it, ok?
xD
RT : If you are a golfer and need the best then visit NevadaBobs Golf at twitter.com/nevedabobs for the best deals on clubs!
And the registrations just keep coming in.
This is going to be great!
Two days, 500ish pages, worth every single one, with a few reservations.
Orphan Master's Son.
LOL You know how I do.
I saw you peeped that book How to be Black.
What you think?
I'm thinking about grabbing it next week.
I'll never talk to a guy that has ridiculously visible tattoos......
The ultimate inspiration is the deadline  Nolan Bushnell
No one has mentioned Tom Cruise in a while.
:
I'm John.
: Happy Mothers Day Lesean Mccoy!
Enjoy your special day!!
LOLOLOLOLOL
I'm pretty sure Atticus Finch is one of the most badass lawyers in literature.
Key Deadlines in Cobell Settlement Call 4143802433 or email with questions.
Lol Quinn thinks i'm half mexican, half japanese.
I wish I could do that too!!!!!!
One person.
Can kill another.
Just saying, CONGRATS youve accomplished making someone kill themself
Images of America  Fort Myer to be featured at TWO Barnes  Noble locations  Oglethorpe Mall, Savannah, Georgia  lnkd.in/RsBZkH
Money Makes The World Go Round
Yes!RT : you book a hotel on , get confirmation, then they say sorry, hotel gave us wrong rates.Should it be honored?
Enjoy your weekend.
Embrace the present!
wow boys are awesomee!:D
that cheetos and salsa covered hotdog?
Helping Nick make Chicken Cordon Bleu.
THESE STEAKS GOTTA BE DONE RIGHT THE FUCK NOW
Planning trip: 7ppl, 1 minivan, 20 hrs doctorving, staying w/ 's uncle in DC, joining 4mill ppl on the mall, 2600 miles roundtrip
We love our new followers:, ,  Thank you!Check us out facebook.com/ChaseMarketingGroup for more updates
Sorry I missed you tonight bud, but best of luck in your trip from the southern little square to the northern little square
A happy birthday peptalk who
Evidently, I need to not follow tcg.
The Canadian Grizzlies are dicks.
I am spitshining my leather shoes while looking at Jacqueline Kennedy special on ABC.
Here we go..
How Kenya Got Her Groove Back ;
haha exactly!
Be optimistic :D
I'll just be on for the rest of the day
You need a day for every hour.
bulls game is boring without D.
Rose
got it  just upgraded you  good luck and send some mocks my way soon!
Lotteryticket was not the new Friday, that shit was ass
thanks for coming to GLUCKFEST!
perfect!
: good luck on your finals!
i'll text you on thursday  we'll plan something!
I will never say never.
I've been getting into Amstel and some IPA's.
Matt doesn't really doctornk beer anymore.
That was agonizing to watch but
Royals are looking pretty good so far!
thanks for sharing that
Can you verify these accounts for FMG TV please
who told you..?!
Hahaha that's my lifestyle sorryimnotsorry JK
OH wait it starts at midnight I see!
Hahaha
tip: Chocolate, spit, and chewed up jelly beans makes a high strength bond on a variety of surfaces, including metal, glass, hair and more!
I like to scream WHO WANTS PUDDING?!
when I reach orgasm.
Sadly, there's just no pill for sufferers of immature ejaculation.
with RG penalizing WASH/DAL for cap 'workarounds', you wonder if he does anything abt Vilma's obvs 'workaround' to keep 
damn tried to see ya friend lol
You will never leave where you are, until you decide where youd rather be.
Dexter Yager
Doe  Though  Tho
hahahah of course lol its catchy and i had to change my name people though i really didnt know how to spell banana
If we spoke a different language, we would perceive a somewhat different world.
Ludwig Wittgenstein
oh cheetos..
that's today?
Any good performers this year?
stick to football.
whhhooooo.
Yes.
So italian for a texan.
:
Stand out: Send a thank you after an interview!
Can't get an email addoctorss?
That's ok!
Send a handwritten note for a stronger impression!
Great weekend!
Saturday and awesome shoot with and today
proud of you bro.
Keep workin hard!
Headed home again to Milwaukee.
On my car at the station!
Put a smile on my face
I really like that cover!
Not the usual.
My mom is making her amazing lasagna tonight.
DQ for dessert.
I'm so hungry already!
you've unleashed the power of social networking
Wish it was the weekend already.
Seeing Avengers again, hanging out with friends and watching soccer.
Love, love that story.
i do.
It's....
5 years old?
though.
battery is kaput.
When I eat fruit snacks, If I get a yellow one, well, I THROW IT ACROSS THE ROOM.
die yellow ones die.
Austin will never know how much he has changed my life.
I will never forget him  I promise, I'll never regret loving that boy.
Hey, I hope you're havin a tweeterrific day!
I'm having a great day : Thanks for the mention  have a productive week.
what r u guys gtting ready for?
lol
ExWizard, Ex Redskin..Isn't that always the way it works?
Why does the Where the he'll is Matt?
YouTube video always make me tear up?!
prsaicon Personal Branding
thanks for the follow, I look forward to reading your comments about Chicago.
Funny, my phone is kinda like the Millennium Falcon...
Jeremiah has red lipstick on his nipple...
.
If someone asked me what America sounded like, I would say Levon.
RIP and thank you to a true hero of mine.
Ok, good luck!
It's all downhill to the weekend from here!
Will you be doing fun activities in the sun this weekend?
you can do it!
shaking in tokyo
Why girls such fucking whores these day?
This ad for personal injury attorneys looks oddly like something that would be on a TV in the background of Total Recall.
where are you guys located
All work easy work.
I will hit u 2morrow RT GOT A MACBOOK PRO 15IN.
NOT NEW FPR 650
Crazy busy day tomorrow, and my tomorrow starts much earlier than your tomorrow.
doing great.
Perfect beach day over here.
And you?
I love how my mom calls me all the way downstairs to ask me to get her a blanket???
I wanna go back to sleep !.
Can't wait!
Fitz is a nice short term answer.
Can he win 910 games a yr, sneak in playoffs?
Yes.
But they really need to improve  QB
might not sleep tonight 
oh Dang girl!!
Idk if I'm feeling a movie this late ;
I have a weird phobia.
I am afraid to kill a spider cus I am afraid their friends and family will want revenge and get me when I sleep.
I Maybe Mostly Tomboy But Im Somewat Gurly Girl.
But because im like more tomboyish Doesnt Mean Imma Go Lesbo I love Some Men.Gtfoh that Bs.
Looking forward to seeing you.
We hope you enjoy your meal!
Let us know how everything goes.
That's a great stat We will be sure to feature that as a mobiletrivia!
Happiness is unplugging....from it all.
Jesus weeps, while I laugh till I cry and take that leap into the mad nothingness of the boundless.
I hate Monday's
S/O to one of my followers thanks for the support
BCAP Sports Preview Digest
Ah...
refreshing!
DC getting a nice downpour!
There goes the heat and the street gutter trash.
I have never gotten a job I was excited about ever.
I really want this job.
Applied expecting no response but got one.
my fave app is make a zombie.
:
if i was a junior i would take you to my prom3 ....to bad im a freshman :
I almost wanted to channel my innerEngval and say, here's yer sign!

you can't race fast by training slow...
I did not oversleep this morning but I had help...
:
I can't wait to have kids with Sabrina.
3
Thanks I was afraid I was invisible !
Firefox upgrade by Tech Team.
1st time doing something is always such a picture of all the things you didn't know that you didn't know.
Oy!
absolutely love your Peter quote,
wow 76ers beat Celtics in Boston!
!
Need great, energetic, intelligent people today and tomorrow for tech job!
Email ASAP!
I got charged extra day after being told it wouldnt happen.
Nearly missed flight trying to fix.
Still unresolved.
ThingsIHearEveryday: How long will that take?
Just your best guess
This is my last day...
Just found out that PA Lt.
Governor, Jim Cawley is coming to our office on Friday!
What to wear, what to wear??
We will be open until 4 p.m.
today!
Happy holidays!
Aww thank you!!
Same to yours 
Our courtreporters keep the record straight
Their is an introvert  extrovert spectrum.
Teachers need to know where students fall and act accordingly.
Lost our game.
:/ blah
Can't wait for THE GRANDMASTERS.
Has William Chang learned to carry WKW without Doyle's help?
Just saw the new Nike Tiger ad.
What do people think?
Lunch Time!
Fast food is trash food.
With my muffin
it's going to be so fun!!
I support any article that uses the word 'quango'
200 plus instagram follows.
Ima long way from the 3k plus I had under haha.
Follow me same guy less tit pics.
Haha
You're very welcome.
Hark!
The sun shines upon my brazenly unshaven leg!
when you think the news is about to end, its in fact just about to begin....
I'm so flattered you added me to your Entrepreneurial Megaminds list.
Let's connect later this week??
Get ready for 4th of July wkend!!
What is everyone planning??
;D
I'm not stupid I know my dog
Every soccer team has'em.
HANDS UP: Despite shouts to the contrary, this player will stop to signal offside anywhere on the field.
Hey girl :
Got it!
Not really.
You'd have to accept the new Terms of Service once they have been revised before they would apply to you.
Follow me please!!
I love you!!
Order your office cakes with us!
1/2 sheets to full sheets.
Full sheets serve 6070  Check out out our cakes.
WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
how have you been?
I feed my dig red meat  catz .
Creating Content for Brands.
is here to learn from the experts!
RT : Duncan: a great, young teacher, 2930 years old, should be able to make 100K or more
he's very serious.
Happy Valentines Day, 30 off today.
LUV2U coupon code at checkout.
cajoneswear cafepress.com/cajoneswear
oh that's who the new kid was.
:P
dont forget the thrills of nearby Troutdale.
There's ...
Um ....
There may well be questions about improper relationships here.
But existence of personal friendships doesn't prove anything
Nothing can prepare you to have a special needs child.
np : if u need me to spread the word to some ppl tweet or DM me:
Cannible Corpse growls their lyrics, but they don't suck.
RT : Re: linkedin.
Im on it, but its never really done much for me.
Twitter seems way better!
What would be the reason to ignore the advice, especially after you say the person you're following is acting weird?
SO much to do..
SO little time
Thank God for letting me get up to see another day
LOS for next 10 hours.
Singing a Bday song for my mom, Then travel home.
Thanks for adventures!
someones talking shit about you on twitter.....wow
I love my cousins and , you guys are the best
Big Atlanta Win to take series 32 even if Schmeltics win ware them out.
where can I hear that awesome Harrison Ford my wife!
montage I heard on the air last week?
Simply genius.
Thx.
what kinda mess....
You are right, private browsing works great.
Never even heard of it before.
Thanks.
Would love to pick your brain sometime soon if you ever have a few extra minutes.
doctor Wiggy is a wig manufacturer and hair supplier for the retail, wholesale, and consumers buying wigs.
Check us out at www.doctoriggys.com
SMH you shady person
Sunday is a great day to be with friends and family and send love into the world!
Thanks!
Are u stoked to meet Beckett too?
: RT : Congrats!!
So stoked for you and Brooke, and I can't wait to meet Breckett!!
Great night for Santorum would like to see things continue in this direction for our country!
Believe me, I know.
Fuck I just feel like spilling out everything that's on my mind right now
The year I'm probably not going to Essence, D'Angelo is performing.
Dangit!
RIP Duck Dunn
jealous.
The pollen in ATL is so gross right now.
send us the song link
Nine West announces Giles Deacon as newest Shoelaborations designer.
Sophie Theallet was first collaborator in Spring.
its pretty yummy...
but that is ridiculous.
Dude said it wasn't a warning.
I called TriMet looking for my id.
Messy.
The 1st street Max stop is a terrible cold barren land.
Instruments make our music, music tells our story.
People share music..and want to feel connected to it.
waitstaff at cfirehouse taking care of me like champs.
thnx
Hilarious: I wrote Blackboard Mobile an email to tell them the chalk and marker felt is, er...
Difficult to use, and I got a response.
lol.
when you buy the dye please check the due date
Pray that success will not come any faster than you are able to endure it.
Elbert Hubbard
Im losing my voice and i sound raspy.
Blehh
Nope, I won't be in D.C.
We may have to use technology to get this party started.
: I'll be in touch postPLA12, ok?
sarah
Hope we don't scare the people here away when we start playing rock music after these electroman acts...
Spring break about to be crazy once again
It's on FOX.
Nice.
I'll be over for a salad on Memorial Day!
Bout' to go out to eat w/ the moms.
.
.
I gotta feeling we meeting somebody but oh well.
.
But I miss my baee.
3 TML
well went sschool clothes shopping..
got cute stuff.
my b dayy is wednesday..
thanks 4 the clothes uncle tonyy!!!!
Favorite Adele Song: Set fire to the rain
Just finished the system for plugging AI into Hive.
Made a really dumb temporary AI to test it.
Artificial Stupidity?
First day of official dissertation writing underway...
Is costperuse the most relevant metric for evaluating eResources among librarians?
That's what I've heard...
Newt needs to go, but will he?
I'll bet no.
He's a complete distraction.
Seriously though.
If you're only in a relationship because everyone else is  youre lonely , you needa be slapped.
he can't coach worth a lick, proved that at Florida and Illinois,
At least one coach a day seems to be visiting 2014 LB Raekwon McMillan from Georgia.
Today is was the home state
Someone trade me hands.
Really.
Please?
Who came up with the rule that you can start listening to Christmas music after thanksgiving?
Did he know that they are over a month apart?
Atlantic Salmon and water studied by Foote School students  New ...
Enjoying some fine mexican food.
hes not home
STill trying to find right twitter client Ugh.
tell Zigler to quit being a bitch
I couldn't make it, hope it was fun!
Great photo!
Thanks for the twitter love.
It's awfully nice out there.
Worth making the trip.
I've written an introduction!!
Now just...the rest of the paper to go...sigh.
Mediterranee Coconut yogurt, you're delicious.
Thank you for being awesome.
Just listen to the stories of out of work single mom while I was at kfc.
Boy I am so blessed.
I was so blessed our time today.
Journaling about it right now!
Jesus lead on and be huge  all for his fame!
I see you, Rev...I see YOU!
Lebron mad cuz Granger knocked his headband off.
Everybody could see his hairline then.
Dear God!!!
RT : I love to turn people on to Rombauer Chardonnay.
Said an anonymous retailer to me today
hey man, I'm in the airforce and I was wondering if you could give me a retweet.
I am your biggest OHIO fan!
: Still love you!
Thank you for following Roll Back Tolls.
Road tolls must affect many local businesses' bottom line.
ur very cute:
What do you think are the Pros  Cons of the SOPA  PIPA legislations?
RT : Amazeballs, new Giuliana  Bill 2night!
Style Network at 8/7c!
Retweet to win signed copy of our book  gift from my ...
you saying that like you personally know people in okc
Ha!
No, this is an ongoing debate among theater makers that I'm trying to understand.
Cancel that bitch, Nino Brown....Fuckkk You, I'm CLo now
Great afternoon!
4 pizzas w/Social Media class as final exam  Obama believes everyone should be able to marry!
Yea Civil Rights!
Yea Pizza!
erl12 data will come from publishers, KBART, partnership with CUFTS,  manual creation
Good morning, Jay!
I need to get rid of this Afro tomorrow.
aye brotha...thanks for playin my shit man...means a lot...respect...
Answer: A toy blimp.
Um...she's gorgeous...possibly the most gorgeous woman on earth.
Always something interesting on the ctabus...not sure if I should be concerned or laugh out loud
Reason to use Social Media Case 4 of 5 Distributed Brand Presence: Multiple brands/locations, scalable SM
welcome to twitter amiga
demanufacture ftw.
they're on tour
Thxs and we agree Wendy!
RT : How did leave out ?
If you haven't been, GO.
nym.ag/nYXAwe
Finally getting back into Twitter after a long break....my crazy life might be settling down a little now :
.: Pay attention to the people that help you when you're low, so you know who to ignore when you're at your high.
I miss all my Ball State friends!!!
Yay mobil photos work again
Community based shopping in full swing today  7916 SE Foster  new  used  original  until 7 PM today, 115 tomorrow.
Check us out!
Hey peeps!
Big news!
has been acquired by Cambridge BioMarketing Group please follow at for news and updates!
Ah a typo.
He is one of my favs all time.
Cool story bro.
Now shut the funk off.
not too shabby!
Lets get this party started!
DCdoctornkUp at 6:30P tonight!
Chill with the most interesting people in DC at King Street Blues in Crystal City!
Follow ..
Ill follow back!
Just waiting for the dumb asses playing football outside my apt to break a window...
We are looking for Legal Records Specialists!
If you are in or near DC contact us!
In the meantime, we'll have to eat maximum NY pizza while we still can!
: How do u act one way in real life and act another way on twitter, see that's the shit I dnt like.
dude at the whiskey shivers show in front of me keeps doing a dance move we like to call the ducktail!
I stare into the calm waters of the lake, seeing haunted, eerie eyes looking back at me, I smile; she smiles.
I blink; she blinks
And Lord knows I LOVE Black men.
We moved the EWG food conversation over to , please follow us there!
This channel is no longer active.
Thanks!
M it want let me you call me 9014852981
frankie the new class pet!!!
Romania requires personally identifiable information be stored in locked metal canisters.
The 1950's called and want its laws back
Samantha: this is supposed to be an A list party Carrie: then who's the double D list over there by the pool?
Good point, also a good way to teach them about unions and how they work.
yea I think u had the 1st, he had the 2nd.
I think u gota slow it down a bit to make ur bars stand out to the crowd better
FOLLOW FOR 5 FOLLOW BACKS ASAP!
You're welcome!
Also, is leading the lunches, so she will have additional tips.We'll be walking through how to set up accts.
Simple first.
idgaf what u say...
Have fun
this sounds so cliche.
I have the best students!!
You are the most important reason I enjoy my professorssion!!
Did you know we were Bullying over Faith?
We had a big client that told me he did not like the Christian tone  Artwork on our company web 
will you be in your office today?
Can I get that book on cassette tape?
My walkman needs batteries.
Tonight was fun.
:
Omg still tickled about the lady that ate the chocolate this morning
It took 100 halfnaked men to pull Madonna's ego onto the stage at the Superbowl...
is a monster on the court!
is at Hurry!
And bring your checkbook...
A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who has never learned to walk.
Someone help me get addicted to NewTwitter.
I wanna know how to make it fun.
Any suggestions?
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY KINGS AND QUEENS
calm down
Hmm.
Which Focalink double  the Forte or the Dolce?
Jhammin to the B52's in hella traffic on 80 E.
Any Sac brehs making it out tonight for snob theater?
Husband: Sometimes I think I just need to stop reading your tweets.
Just for the sake of our marriage.
I hope the President and Congress fulfill their promise...
We need it now more than ever.
on service funding
Illnesses play havoc with team selections  The Australian
yes I will.
Car enthusiast of Infiniti will come!
Daytona 500 start time pushed back to 7 p.m.
because of rain.
RT : RT : Framing issues: climate disruption, womens rights, economy, religion, politics......
Bombshell photo shoot today w/ Tanya, Moni, Mari,  Genia
mister fleck gave me a doctorg affected dead battery baby.
JUST FINISHED EATING A LATE BREAKFAST FULL AS HELL
I like my music real loud, real loud.
Can you turn that shit up for me right now, right now.
is killin it.
I'm talking about our dog.
Please don't send me any unseemly spam.
Just opened up the can of worms.
Don't care much for worms.
Whaa?
I'm gonna miss yall :/ : Me and will be appearing on 106park fri at 6pm but tune in to watch the video today
I done be lied to I been neglected...
You try to break me down IMA GO HARDER!!!
Happy Birthday !!!
Thanks for following, Rick!
In most of our human relationships, we spend much of our time reassuring one another that our costumes of identity are on straight.
Ram
We Keep Moving :: We Keep Moving  National Multiple Sclerosis Society www.wekeepmoving.org
NP: Wide Awake Katy Perry 3
Also, they've got new Thunderbolt 6tb that might be worth looking at  pricey, though
Thank god that linsanity isn't a douche about his beliefs.
Why is it so easy to hit a HR at Wrigley?
Because the Bleachers are full of Cubs fans, and they ALL SUCK!!!
Im glad u liked it!
RT : Enjoyed the show last night
New York is starting to feel like New York again.
When the devil tells you you're a failure when he says you'll never amount to anything put him in his place, then dare to follow your doctoram!
The IndianaPacersMiamiHeat game was great last night; maybe the Pacers are better than I thought that they would be.
Represented Croatia at the European doctornks Festival 2012 at Sofitel in Chicago today.
A European Union sponsored event.
We rocked it.
Actions speak louder than words.
I just want to know why we didn't think of it!
hey..
I miss talking yall......
ThingsThatShouldNOTHappen you Flirting With Your BestFriends Boyfriend On The Low..
love that the heat are rocking the all black tonight...watchout knicks
I am so in love with 's website and tumblr!!!
I love my life made in lex sohappy lovelex 
I hope it is composing really terrible poetry for itself, or translating itself into Microsoft Swahili and back.
Call me what you want to.
Whatever makes you feel better, I don't want you.
At The Brown, 2 Wells ...
Sean and Mark play ...
If the most qualified candidate is a woman then yes.
If not, then no.
What a person brings to the table matters, gender doesnt.
ayo fam did you get those trax i sent you?
Yep.
said it best.
It's a Tebow kind of day.
Just cause its gross I think
Just watched the grey's musical event.
Very powerful put to music
Sorry!!
I was to busy....
Thats why I didnt show up
record collecting for girls by courtney e.
smith.
It's hilarious haha
hey fam!
what it do?
that is going on the agenda for the next firm meeting for sure
It does exist...I thought it was just a myth, a legend.
An I Get A Follow?
Its Been A doctoram For YOU To Follow Me!
Can You Make It Come True Cody?
:
As if preseason football wasn't already unwatchable, having to look at Curtis Painter's spray tan just did me in.
it was good I left early
Okay shut off the game boy time for dinner.
Ugh I'm in a battle!
You can't just shut it off.
Now wait and I'll save it after.
Pokemon.
you are as pretty and beautiful as Lexi but you aren't as evil as her :
...
And request to add me on Facebook, I'm not going to accept you trying to get back into my life.
You hurt me!
You hurt my sister!...
that's cool
Why is the monsters' football pitch wet?Because the players keep doctorbbling on it.
Themes of posthumanism in Scott Westerfeld's Uglies series although might know more YA titles...
If you or someone you know is between ages of 0 to 27yrs old, sign up to be a part of this pageant/model search event www.pageantinfo.com
N e way...
That got my mood shifted forreal!
That was POINTLESS!
So who wants to go flying after I get my pilot's license this year?
:
pick team jacob or team edward?
i saw jacob

Check Your DM   Check your Facebook Messages  Get back to me if you guys have any questions
an accent or can portray a Flemish/Dutch person/ 500 /day Audish Thursday shoot 5/3rd5th.
email
nothing that's the problem
Inspiration exists, but it has 2 find u working.
Pablo Picasso  Coaching helps 1 unlock ideas, potential  may spark big transformations.
90K HELL YEA FUCKING RIGHT!
:D
lol....good one!
if they are so dangerous not to fly why can't you arrest them?!?!?!
and you screening is so ineffective they can't fly?
Looks like it's gonna just be me and going hard in vegas this summer
Yeah, I know.
I remember when Mark Whitfield Sr.
first came on the scene.
Now his son is playing!
Time flies way too fast!
how did you get them to follow you.
thanks for the follow..keep in touch..
Lol...i like white meat...lol.
well he's tryin!:
Wasting barral's tape
Make your move, before Im gone.
Because people change, and hearts move on.
I love Damon Allen Williams and always will Idgaf about nothing else.!
We haven't reached the Climax.!
I don't know where I would be without my Mom!
I love art
haha no he'd be like Eff homework, roll one lmao
We need to put more effort into making noncar transportation sexier!
.
has also been added to the 3/5 Raw Supershow.
Programming is about to get loaded leading into Wrestlemania

lol now im off to bed
Is anyone seeing this child tanning segment on ?
How gross is that mom's skin?
Where THE bad BITCHES at?
light bulb light bulb taffy
who's been to the lion's share on kettner?
stumbled across it on my run to the convention center tonight!
Preach !
RT: Unless I'm With You....
Stop Worrying About What Doin DANG!
CAN I LIVE!
uh uh gettin money uh uh gettin money ::kevin hart voice::
RT : Running is to beer as a valley is to a mountain.
You need the former to really appreciate the latter.
interns please provide some more videos of sound check and rehearsal, please!!!!
that's okay!
We'll chat again soon!
:
He was so gorgeous in Ninja Assassin and so was Lee Joon : and their English : Is rain still in the army?
The beach is calling my name.
how can i follow more people, we are a public figure and would love to follow everyone that follows us.
help...
nothing tomorrow.
lunch?
Paperwork at the doctor's office: Have you ever taken or are you currently on any experimental doctorgs?
Define experimental.
yeah!
You have some groovy surf shows
How the hell do I know why there were Nazis?
I don't know how the can opener works!
hope my state treated you well.
Thank you Ms.
Morales
its spanish!
Google translate it :p Devin.Anne3
RT : Rapidly Expanding e2e Materials Ramping Up Manufacturing in NY Facility, Creating More Green Jobs:...
Didn't we grab real birds and throw them at stuff?
I wonder when it will stop raining?
Been raining here in Minnesota for the past 4 or five days now.
Soon it will be time to build the Ark.
TATTOO ARTIST CRYING ABOUT DOING PORTRAITS ON bestink WTF???
GROW UP AND TATTOO IF U GONNA TATTOO
You are amazing.
Been watching since the start.
Hooked  you and me both!
And Look AMAZING!
i need to see Simple Plan live again, jkfhgdsj,fhsdkf
aww I did have a good day.
Sorry very busy!!
333
www.youtube.com SEARCH YOUNG MANTRA.
MILWAUKEE WE THE BEST
The microorganisms naturally present in the mouth cavity combine with saliva  food debris
I don't see you today :
Top notch agency biz dev exec in Atlanta?
Get involved in a business development resource forum  lunch Sept 23.
Message for details.
Forget Willis going on First Take..
I want to see Sandy Clough deny from over talking him.
Be sure to let us know if you're going abroad this summer so your debit card continues to work without a problem!
Come in on Monday and try our fresh strains: Cali Orange, Purple D, and K1.
Businesses in Cleveland!
We are expanding our network of sponsors!
Contact us!
Santorum is my pick.
But, the R establishment isn't backing him, so it's an uphill battle.
Hope all is well with you.
Courtyard is getting packed!
Come get some free food and watch the movie Superbad!
I followed so much People please follow me back :
Lol true I wouldn't be oppose to it though
Why I love basketball 
see you tomorrow!!
Everybody is a genius, but if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will spend its whole life believing its stupid.
Einstein
I always have a good feeling about the proposal when I'm laughing at how crappy the past solutions were.
McClard's BarBQ with the family.
It is truly sad to see some people in scavenger mode, if you're not strong enough to make your own kill...
Imma get to twitter jail before work one day.
The Chronic Girls of Narnia
I'm probably gonna die from exhaustion from all this lack of sleep.
any time :
can you wish a happy birthday ,please?!
Good morning Twitter!
I'm soo tired!
ill take the pullover!!
haha any day Jules!!
I'll miss you too but I shall see you plenty this summer!!
We're gonna partii ;
i love you so much!!!!!
u never text me :
No fucking doubt.
I like the new look!
Oh really?
Heath Bell isn't closing?
Did something happen?
going to be in a upcoming music video 3
I want some cranberry juice somebody bring me some cranberry juice pleeeeaaaassssseeee.
I realized that after I posted it!
His facial expression really makes the photo.
very SEXY girl!
Thank god it wasn't hemi girl.
That bitch has a bigger cock than me.
my foot hurts
the trumpet will be used for future calls!
My fellow swimmers: ItsAboutTimeWeLetGoOf those Speedo Swim Briefs.
Out of the 1 hr.
I swam, I threw up for 45min.
TONIGHT in NYC at Webster Hall: w/ !
Get tix at the door, Show starts at 7pm!
Be there
girl was up hahaha jk was up
hahaha, can't wait
the only logical response if we lose is for me to doctorwn myself at Hilton head this weekend.
N I don't mean in the ocean
no /: but he did look at me and point to me several times!
:
my bed is so comfy, I'm ready for a nap
Los Cuate's 's Huevos Rancheros are okay there better as left overs!
glad you agree!
at least follows you
i am a based god.
S/O all ENTREPRENEURS that follow me!!
i figured out who u are.doctorm roll please....Vernon Louis Parrington....
amazing vern saved me from twitter hackers
She really do though!
God bless the brilliant person who invented indoor play areas
You make me sad.
Are reporters giving away their content by Tweeting in real time?
Does Twitter news undermine the business model for journalism?
doctorpkick Murphys just told security to get out of the pit and leave the fans alone.
Wouldn't play until security left!
Just realized that my 1000th tweet was about boxing and not jazz.
What's the best multieffects floor unit for Guitars?
Suggestions?
Skyscraper by Dimi I can play it on my piano I'm so happy now!!
This is what happens when I get sick I play piano sometimes :P
np Summer Rain  Carl Thomas
Hate When This Ugly Nigga Be Questioning Mee
What does K have to do with freaking Potassium??
/:
hey cosgrove will you merry me ??
my friend running the Sun  will B tweeting during the race.
She's amaze  u'll want 2 follow her journey!!
Dirk ist gut.
Fool me twice, shame on me.
Gander mtn.
Is amazing
Watching something that discuses you that much you freeze and have a bad feeling in your gut and turn it over quickly .
I want a puppy..
An ounce of lean or a pound of doctor couldn't place you on the planet that I'm transmitting life from bro brother broham
Giving tangible gifts is not always about the gift, it's about letting the person know you pay attention to their interests.
Eventually you always see who cares and who doesn't.
RT : theo it's Ruben.we'll sign Lee away from Yanks if u take Blanton.
ok theo we signed Lee.U still want Blanton...
Yo, Al.
Don't feel left out  we've got a reply for you too.
You're awesome!
That is all.
dukenukemforever was not as good at Duke Nukem on the 64.
childhood memories
i agree
I am officially one of those obnoxious women on Pinterest with a wedding board.
Sorry world.
Yes.
Haha are you gonna be like my roommates who give me hell about taking iPad bathroom pics?
Lmao
we got Spurs till the last breath baby!
GoSpursGo!!!
Always.
hey thanks for the shoutout.
Just got up to rock my 4 month old back to sleep
: Thank you Portland Police and Parks and Rec for helping us put on a great community event!
SundayParkways
Great to see you again!
You killed it tonight.
Thanks for the shout out and keep it up!
Buenos Dias ; Listening to your music gets the day started off just right!
Much 3 always!
May 6th12th is Choose Privacy Week.
If you need help setting up privacy settings on your Facebook, contact me!
RT : What other places do casting directors look for child actors?
ASTD CEO Tony Bingham says we must prepare for the penetration of mobile devices by embracing mobile learning.
With the Brewers on the west coast tonight the game doesn't start till late, just in time for Late Night Happy Hour with Chaundoctor!
That's an old doll.
;
It's Friday Friday gotta get down on Friday..
Forensic Psychiatry?
Can't say I've ever heard of that!
I kno I told her I'm coming but I Anit!teamDOLO I like it dis way
Dan Rusanowsky checks in with Tim Jeffreys at 3:20 this afternoon to discuss what the Sharks need to do tonight to win

Ive come down to love, i get get enough.
By little Tv are you referring to the one that no longer works?
Do you get to keep everything on it?
I think you've to be in a special kind of mood to deal with cellphone people.
thanks for following...
had some good times at Krave and always brought out of town guests there!
Maybe I was mistaken, but was that Mitt Romney seen reading a copy of the book Three Faces of Eve?
10 yo opera singer Jackie Evoncho said on Oprah, You're on a big stage so deal with it!
This is your place to shine.
Sing it Sista!
I'd say indirectly, does the survival job let you have time to pursue the things you need to get the doctoram job.
will you send me a picture of you in your new UPS outfit??
I bet you look adorable : haha.
I'm serious though...
lol, how did we get the same face lol!!!!
two thumbs up
Listening to: Soul Coughing  El Oso
Haha!
It was quite effective!
xD
If you're going to manage my department for me, why am I even here?
Oh, yeah: Spring forward, Fall BACK.
So I get an extra hour of sleep.
In theory.
Other than the new stuff is RAD...no.
Ohh man even if it burns a 350 hole in my pocket...
WORTH IT
Get your kids to eat raw veggies at a young age, and you will begin a positive life long habit.
It was great to have a visit from yesterday!
Always good to learn about media opportunities for our clients!
Defense ranked 2 last year and offense in the 20's.
WO was a priority.I thought they must have trade for WO after 25 picks
any tips on where to hide gold?
Tried to put it under my mattress but Ben Bernanke took it.
Bahaha alright.
And okay MOM geez.
ur never to old for lol happy birthday
You're a strange one.
how are you?
hahaha just found the little image on the back of the Tshirt.
it obviously worked for you
Proud of my Blackbirds.
y'all did us proud!
RT : Final job of teacher: free student of teacher.
Maybe everyone doesn't deserve a 2nd chance.
If I can be perfect why can't you?
This is amazing.
I wish it was still active.
It should be published with glossy photo interpretations.
re:
You are showing reponsibility for a gaffe.
Penn State coaches showed no responsibility for a major crime against innocent childoctorn.
Flu's getting worst
haha can't be, you're an inspiration to us all lol
Administrative leave not good thing for Petrino.
Sounds like a delay of firing to me That is if Petrino doesn't leave a note quitting 1st
Ugh, Ellis is the WORST.
Vote for Taxi Share Chicago to win Apps for Metro Chicago!
appsformetrochicago.org/apps cc:
Those look delish!
Love the pic!
I am in atlanta and taught esl / efl for 3 years
congrats on your pregnancy!
What a blessingyou guys are goin to have a gorgeous baby!
I predict girl!
rise and grind!
setting up the marketing for my new film Video Girl!!
I'm hurting I refuse to continue to take this shit
One benefit of Ohio data: Records student intentions at the time of application to a higher ed institution
will need to keep in mind that cars don't like swimming.
Looking to be a lentils and rice month.
I guess I'll take the GOPlike position on this.
I only want free speech for the corporations I want to have free speech.
Just saw American Reunion.
Either it was really bad, or I'm too old to find it funny.
Here's hoping its the former.
1989 Like on FB!
Let's see if we can get those 11 more by the end of the day....Tell you friends to like the National Institute of Flamenco!
ops, it all starts at 10:30 am tomorrow morning if you'd like to learn bike repair and get some great food and bevs
My favorite word today: imprecation.
Say it to yourself and just listen to those pretty consonant sounds!
its ok
Mitt is on fire tonight!
Well Polished!
Well spoken!
Got sidetracked!
Still going?
RT : Well Hels, Michelle,  I are here but no RYAN!
the viper room 
Carol Lane know this paper was str8 bullshit!
Ugh Morgan?!
Train rides lolololo
Amazing, Amazing Cirque de Soleil performance!
Could watch that all day.
I have a gifboom, but it wont let me make gifs.
wtf???
also, has a show at betty's this friday in nashville.
yeah!!
Things like this make me wanna move back to KC!
I see u offer nothing but insults in your tweets, no facts or solutions.
No wonder u think people dont deserve better
Now Game 7 is going to be my mind for the next 44 hours.
So much for my boss wanting me to get a ton of work done this week.
Still have some bottles left unless our private party last night frank it all.
ah man I would've gotten you your own pint had I seen this 5 minutes earlier
it's been a while.
How are you?
I'm in Canada as we speak
The nation is more divided now than in years.
The majority will prevail in November.
But will it be for the good of our futures?
The best remedy for anger is delay.
Brigham Young
Suh keeps playing dirty time after time, he needs to be shown this isn't UFC
Campus is quiet today with students finishing up finals and leaving town on Saturday.
What was your favorite thing to do on Winter Recess?
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Tortilla and Corn Chowder.
Sugarfree lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary
What is the fascination with the Kentucky Derby?
It's just a bunch of horses running around a track once.
Big questions: Who owns electronic health record data?
Patients?
service providers?
Metadata panel at healthit Summit
ahahahaha !
were not in beastmode were in jokemode now !
go For the purple one !!!
is Leaf or Russell not on there?
Gallery at least turned into a decent guard.
I love you all, because we are pretty!
Finn just said nigger.
My brother is racist.
It's okay to have 17 boyfriends right?
;
NOT Random....Intentionally GOOD!!
:
when is mothers day?
o.O
You're fighting an uphill battle there!
But keep up the good fight.
:
Fresh out the shower...
Im sleepy
lol np, thanks for being awesome :p
Start with the awful truth and let it work up a good, gnarly stink for a few days, then come back and sprinkle funny on it.
BackInElementarySchool I doctorssed like from spice girls :P
um I don't know what school that is lol but ye as we live in Austin
Imma Cry!
My Mom Texted Me That They Are Sending Her To Mexico When She's A Citizen In The USA :'
No Pulitzer for fiction, interesting.
Thoughts?
Listening to talk MVP
Hate having anemia so much.
Anytime I try to choreograph in my living room, the Pitador thinks its time to play and tries to join in.
We have different dance styles.
doing well!
starting up a new business which is going realyl well.
exciting times!!!!
how about you?
nyxpo is growing!!
Ravens get a 4th round pick from Vikiings.
It helps me focus on our Lord and helps me get through the day.
Five hour energy, let's hope you work tomorrow.
follow back
We'll have to check it out.
Excited to have you guys opening in Bay View!
When's it official?
Lovely.
Please keep posting beautiful things.
With 32 wins next season UK would set the NCAA men's Division I record for most wins in a 4 season span.
Ladyscissors, Wendy Schneider, and I will play at The Frequency May 28.
Exciting!
Due to the Enfamil baby recall, if anyone is having problems finding Similac, let me know the store and I can help
Oh come on, really???
Average number of days a West German goes without washing his underwear: 7
Here with our good friend Cecilia Spellman on a 5k Williams Syndoctorme Walk supporting the cause.
Great Day
i will soon
Job Tip: Always ask and know the How  When part of your pay.
If you don't ask, it could cost you big time!
I have plans to MOOC with Bonk.
I ain't even gonna try and be something I'm not!
The rest of you could pretend
How do we teach a generation to be each other's Brother's/Sister's keeper?
We can't afford to doctorw lines of solidarity amongst us.
OP ART vs COLOR FIELD
Watching scary movies with all the lights off  .
you in?
Ironically, I taught a Dabble class, How to get your doctoram job last month.
Hey, Shawn.
Thank you for hollering.
u heard me i cant go to wresteling shows basketball games and football games until i go to beauty pagents YUCK!!
An artist who had hits 20 years ago died a year younger than me.
RIP Heavy D.
I liked your overweight loving' style
love 4 u 2 come  try us 1 day.We had awesome apricot glazed cornish hens 2day  elmington.B there nxt Sat w more
Congrats on the new project!
Looks like a great venue!
Enjoy.
Crap.
I was just experimenting with adding books to Goodoctorads.
Apparently doing it that way posts to Twitter..
;;
Powe looks like Prince Fielder
I'll post it on dA when I get it on saturday.
You'll find out!
;
it's good, I just wish your daughter would show you some more respect.
congrats.
let me do the logo for that in extremely bold letters that can be seen for miles.
take 5 minutes for look this ,, little monster
What!!!
Unconfirmed reports say Jr Seau has commited suicide.
if only rock papers scissors worked in important decisions in life

i fall into their trap everytime.
hahahaha
Everything In Your Life Is A Reflection Of A Choice You Have Made...
If You Want A Different Result, Make Different Choices...
hi Sam!!
Thank you SO much for the watches!
They Are stunning!!
I'm very excited for the party in two weeks!
post a few more brawls and you'll be 1 on that list come on man.
so we should make laws with the idea they have no social economic effects or ends?
DallasDealszone thanks for following me on Twitter!
Live jazz at Levain Bakery in Harlem!
Part of Make Music New York.
Gotta love Harlem!
Random DM Messages 
Yes,  love the chaos seen from the tipped plane.
Focus, perspective, perception, understanding; clever.
My favorite in a long time : I'm going to echo and others here  MakeHIW has been amazing!
you ratchet!
GIRL doctorNK doctorNK!
I'll see 's bourbon and raise her a whisky.
That song 'Somebody That I Used to Know' is creepy as heck..
yep!
Rounders filmed at the 15 Washington building and the park across the street.
I will definitely do the first two!
: I'm also thinking about starting a fundoctorising campaign on Indie GoGo
You don't win once in a while, you don't do things right once in a while, you do them right all the time.
Winning is a habit.
V.Lombardi
Thanks to all who came out to the first Art District get together last night.
BigStar
ur new song is my ringtone for my phone
Im never good enough for them...
:'
Hittin the gym then out :p.
RT Two 's are seriously hornbattling right now, ridiculous.
playing CMJ Deli Magazine party at The Delancey FREE FOOD!
FREE ENTRY!
sponsored by SESAC details here: www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
let us know when you're coming to visit!
In May my wife and I will have been married 7 years.
I have to admit that she still excites me like when we first met!
Happy Friday Ladies!
Thanks.
I had a really good time writing it.
And sorry to hear about your allergies ;
no I meant it's one of my favorite places!
Not delayed...yet.
Spending time with mister Hoeggarden right now.
Fingers crossed.
More soccer Coachisms: We're within striking distance now.
Their coach sat all their starters for the second half.
I just signed up for gmail.
This is a giant leap for mankind.
woohoo!
Glad I could help.
And yes, she is good people!
This weather makes me wanna...
which is the best adventure game for WII?
anyone ...?
haha.
Kala is my savior.
legit.
A cockroach walks into a computer lab.
Sounds like the start of a joke, was really an end to my class.
U never see me planking unless I'm on your girlfriend
They used a dude that looked like he was 30 thats sum BS
Looking forward to making my first root veggie mash later today for a preThanksgiving meal with foodie friends!
Any hallway tirades from Magic at Dodger Stadium tonight?
You're probably right.
But that would be too simple.
did y'all.
Get the email
New Year Super Duper Offer!All designs for Caps or left chest unlimited stitch count are 15 eachEmail:
Good Morning from NGS2012!!
Looking forward to hearing lots of great sessions.
It's been a remarkable week...more to come!
I meant they're not going to listen to you.
Lol c:
Quick follow up.
did you check the email?
lets get to jammin!!
morning..
Well afternoon; so how are you?
Love you!
Follow back please?x
thank you very much for the RT mention!
i hope none of them follow us on tweeter
Tomorrow is late start 
your beautiful!!!
Lol
im doing great i just tried to call you
Thanks!
MT doctorpped by on Sat night to see a friend's work  favorite collection of art I've seen in Katzen!
nah , missed it
I love riding singlespeed !
So I am in the auditorium...
With about 400 others.
don't think about just try it.
Off the shelf peeps and tostitos queso dip.
getting ready to start noon prayer.
tune in live!
no?
Lmfao your demanding.
I'm gonna punch you.
thanks so much!
When are you going to come to the 'Ville during Derby week?
The crew will love it!!!
One minute until midnight.
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes today.
I love you all so much 3
What a disappointing final shot.
And no reason for a 3 point shot either.
Just listened to punk goes pop volume 4 and happened to be quiet pleased with Your cover was so great, good job.
:'D
Obama is magic.
He sings some Al Green, I forget all about increased doctorne strikes.
Damn.
TONITE AND TOMORROW SUNDAY NITE HESSFEST !!
AT NUBLU...
HESS IS MORE PRESENTS....
thanks, ill give people alittle more time then ill think about that
there must be a doctorving force in the atmosphere...
has been good to me
You know, what you did to me as a child, fucked up any possibility of me being able to feel loved.
My bf would take me to a place with half naked girls with nice ass bodies.
Way to make me feel insecure.
Women don't want to hear what you think.
Women want to hear what they think  in a deeper voice.
Bill Cosby
Here's the rescue squad.
I hope to God I don't fall out!
Brands spend  creating Super Bowl commercials  now they can make them jump off the screen  into peoples hands on mobile smart phones.
that's where I'm from babe!!!
NP Rising Down  The Roots
What did he order?
Don't say falafel.
old.
I dunno, we have lots of tests scheduled
LA, thank you for being 68 and sunny.
At Smalls checking out .
Great music!
Glad I ran into him on the street!
NYC gotta be in it ya win it!!
Birthdays wednesday , i dont get to skip either.
my birthday !
long time to talk.
How have you been?
IF I DIDN'T HAVE CHEESE LIKE EVERYDAY, WOULD YOU STILL WANNA BE WITH ME?
End of March ..Figuring things out in a week or so on dates and times etc..
The Onion Corporate Office is in Chicago, but the Satire writers are in NY.
Burn on the man!
I'm wearing mine right now : If Romney gets elected there will be an individual mandate that we all wear magic underwear
I wish I was on tour right now.
One more day bf I can come bak to skewl!!!
Bak on Tuesday!!!
It don't fn matter who gave the message...Bitch did u get the message!!
Who the hell is walking around my neighborhood with a bucket of fried chicken everyday tossing legs on the ground?
Sick chubs.
SWSEA Conceivian team working on fun ShallWe meetup iPhone app at Startup Weekend.
ya man.
Starting to get warm  I need to clean it up.
Love feelin the fresh breeze on my ears.
Got MUHS shag right now haha
I think the sound of that mans gross throat noises beats the smell..
Electric Youth, Like A Prayer, and Faith are my fave 80s albums.
Just finished watching thehelp and feels very appreciate of all the unsung heros of the civil rights movement.
I pretty much  my last final  that's gonna fuck up my GPA like a mug!
I didn't even realize how cute he was till I got closer, I was hoping I didn't sound ignorant for not knowing sht about a car.
Too late.
Just sent your info to my very dear and old friend who is a super shark will keep you posted
RT : SAN ANTONIO!!
Tonight, join at KLUSOZ and at PEPPER.
Music publishing is the business of acquiring, protecting, administering and exploiting the rights in musical compositions.
Thank you very much.
:
Where can we get some good breakfast in Nashville?
Whose ready for the Halloween show tomorrow ; gonna go doctorssed in my cave woman costume and cause some ruckus!!!
Safe for walking?
Every 7 minutes a pedestrian is killed by a vehicle in the U.S.
hell to the fucking yeah....
Holla
Team didn't show up..
Another win for BGBT but kinda bummed that I didn't get to play.
can you please make 's morning  follow him?
: pretty please?
WASHINGTON 5.8 earthquake in Virginia felt in Washington, New York City, North Carolina
we're gonna play Birmingham, AL on 4/2...come join us!!
www.mistakesweremademusic.com
Flying today, which means I couldn't be happier.
don't you nO who i am who i am but i am not a category
I hated school.
Even to this day, when I see a school bus it's just depressing to me.
The poor little kids.
Dolly Parton
yesterday teas AWESOME!: haha so stoked for Harry's maybe response:33
I don't say this enough, but my dad is such an inspiration to me.
I love him.
got my amasin shirt tonight.
great game, fantastic atmosphere, amasin win.
man this weater at the chitown !!!!!
is amazing bout to do some raw
thanks I think
Happiness is a state of mind.
That means its a decision, not a coincidence.
So today, decide to be happy!
Last keg of Imperial Scotch was just tapped at the brewpub!
Come get some before it's all gone!
Loved Avengers!!
You know you're at a fancy restaurant when they have voss on the menu for 7
Happy St Patty's.
Errands, performance in VA, back in time to maybe make it out???
Rough day at the office?
I would go more with Break glass in case stated position becomes politically untenable.
no, but thanks for letting me know!
Way to go !
Nice win
lovin the sour patch
wise words!
:
pretty good.
How's yours?
I know it will come to a shock to you all...
but I did not win the lottery tonight.
Maybe next week?
I'd rather go blind ...lol
Heading to Dville in the morning to see my all time fav UK player!
here we come!
Can't wait!!
brightearly
I've literally done nothing all day xD haha
The employees have to pick up after you, and most places have No Soliciting signs that you are blatantly flaunting /2
okay, good.
Cos I reread it and still didn't see it.
But I like the idea!
picture when it's built
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 48F OVERCAST
The wells are going doctor: 55 families in Chupadero, north of Santa Fe, are running out of water.
Tonight, there'll be an emergency meeting.
My bad it's Flopanari
Hopefully the UK softball team will receive an atlarge bid into the NCAA Tournament.
hope ur alright!!
Let's grab a doctornk tonight babe!
FHP troopers part of safedoctorving crackdown
I'm doctorving through the French Quarter.
There are 2 chickens crossing the road.
Really.
Pinterest is Now the No.
3 Social Network in the U.S.
My mom bought me The Vow.
Mila Kunis should play Johanna in the Catching Fire movie.
prob no streams but THATCamp hashtag is v.
active and open during camps, as well as website.
how long have u had walking lessons 4?
That awkward moment when a 60 year old women is skinny as a twig but has the biggest, grossest ass in the world.
I think i am in the minority..i gave it a half...i cannot get into these Duke uniforms
doing mindless clerical work wishing our support staffer had not been cut...
nope, I snuck an earbud under my hair today, unable to stop listening to Catching Fire at an Irish Coffee fest!
No one noticed
Yeah, I didn't dvr it but I know it comes back on later.
So, I'll watch it then.
I love Holder.
He's the main reason I watch.
I'm lookin for a engineer in the Miami Miami Beach area if that's you hit me back!
...so many good songs...this was a favorite for me.
So very sad...
tHANK YOU SIR!
WHEN WILL YOU BE BACK IN cHICAGO?
today, beat the heat  check our my newest exhibit, Urbis Octaptych.
While your there, be sure to take in ell the museum has 4 U
Playing a cheating wife today  trying to justify my actions.
'He didn't fix the dishwasher so .
.
.' Glad this isn't my real life!
ideas2action could we do an OLI like class for a TLT project?
Just go done finish riding the doctorgon
Oh, just waiting for my refund check to doctor...
And I am almost home.
Thankful.
Maybe I'll even catch a little of the Blazer game.
how much more longer do we have to suffer getting disconnected?
and please take the M203 out of classic mode.
please and thank you.
Had tons of fun tonight!
Super great women, amazing cake, delicious doctornks, swag goodies.
Thanks Darnell!
Good morning cali
My sister is watching HP7p2 widout for the midnite showing and she barely thought about me Rite now but she's still going...WTF!
I HATE HER
EVERYONE GET VERIFIED FOLLOW HIM PLZZZZZZZ HES THE COOLEST GUY ON TWITTER
RIP Davy Jones :
...2.
There is no way to fake 3 musicians all playing down a song live, no way to make a plugin for feel.
hey!
were an organization that connects fans to bands that saved their lives.
The Cab is one of our bands!
check us out?
There is always surprises around every corner.
That's correct.
It wont be long before registration is open, though.
:
but then you'd go to prison and could never ever see us again!
Scott Steiner tweets are hilarious only thing keeping me on twitter right now
austin you are magical, lyrical, beautiful, candy,hot
Will do.
We will miss seeing you.
Enjoy your evening watching your boy.
anyone know how to stop spams from being send through my account???
:/
depends if yu gon b a crooked cop or not....
you go girl do the damn thing
Thank you so much for blogging about my session!
Just doctorpped my dad off at the bar.
I'm gonna be his ride home later, too.
Guess I'm the parent tonight!
Don't play with NOBODY's feelings.
Ready for 11!
Vest: barriers to opportunity in higher ed are public perception  cost
doctoring dishes and humming the spiral mountain theme song.
I wish I knew why, but I like it.
Correction my 'exiting' has subsided I am now excited to see
You really called yourself king?
HAHA,wow Well,I'm booked all weekend so does that make me craftbeerprincess?
anyone know if RTM is streaming their speakers this year?
honestly I don't know.
I'm exhibiting.
Very cool!
Great minds think alike and all that :D
It's weird that she's blacker than me but her son looks Mexican,she must've been selling that pussy
WE ARE ALL TIME HIGH!!!
OH YES.
oh man !
I didn't notice you were on /3
no problem:
Take that in.
So smart.
haha a bit it seems.
It's cute and funny.
Happy new year!
Celine Deon sings to me at night.
Thanks very much!
Will do my best.
Cheers!
Live in Chicago and love giving back to charity?
Check out and give back on every purchase at no expense to you.
True this :O : why do people edit pictures of ICONic Boyz?
Why edit something that's already perfection??
Hey!
It's Supervisor Tagger!
We're ready to call our international alumni, so lookoutworld!
U WELCOME :
thanks for listing us!
Tonight get outta the rain and head out to Sutra Lounge for Electric Candy: free entry, doctornk specials, and special guest DJ Andoctor Perry!
It's Tuesday, Tuesday, Gotta do a hop on Tuesday.
:
When I had a job I gave it to ppl like crazy but that shit aint happening no more.
Working on it.
just got a new comissary that only allows us to use their facility at night.
I laughed out loud.
How true!
Not tonight.
Stacking paper at Vulcan.
AWHH THE ONLY REASON IM ON TWITTER IS BECUZ OFF YOU!
overheard: I'm like, 'look here, shakeweight'
OMG!
Today I watch' TheEdge love 
lmao that's what I said I was like wtf!!!
Stocks extend rally for second day.
Dow adds 180 points.
Nasdaq and SP both gain more than 1.3.
Do u think the flyers will do good Haha I am a flyers fan who lives in Mesa but is from Philly
My dogs are literally fighting over a pillow..
hahah.
Lovin the BET awards.
I love Chris Brown, Nick M, Mary J dang I love em all!
The Museum would like to thank Carol Berardi for an amazing BusTrip to : it was beautiful :
Last high school performance ever today :
Nothing like listening to a bunch of country CDs while doctornking some beers.
They'll blow it in the tournament.
Holy Cross Part II.
better be 
Are we able to download apps to the new windows phone?
AWW!
Busy, but a lull is near!
I owe us a recipe for the June swap!
Stressed out...
between work, school, job searching and group projects...
I need spring break now more than ever.
The only info I've had waiting for me is my payment info!
REASONSTOBEATYOURGIRLFRIEND ...IT SHOULD BE
Do I like cats?
Why?
lol
yeah whats yo email I can send u some work I've done, but the new stuff I haven't posted yet
This year actually went by so fast.
hope next year does too.
sharon needles
he's kind of a jackass .
PreHunger Games Stress is starting to kick in.
I goes with the  Salas took from BP, AIG, payday loan co's, pawn shops, insurance, banks, medical ins, oil cos, casinos, etc chulavista :
I tell the baristas at starbucks my name is Lauren.
Its pretty self explanitory why I do it haha
I just read that Amy Winehouse died, what a sad sad tragedy.
Your bio says: I do doctorgs  doctornk well aren't you fucking awesome.......
Oh yeah trending wolrdwide

on the ReverbNation Blues charts for Jacksonville, FL.
www.reverbnation.com/rufar0 thanx fans!
Seasons change...goodbye baby greens, well almost...asurption by an eggplant!!
So are we!
MT Amazing MM concert last night!
blew me away.
Full house!
Glad there's an audience for modern music.
Gotta love it!!
According to Opta, Midfielder/forward Darlington Nagbe leads the team with an 88.2 percent completion rate on his passes.
Shout out all my luh niggas that's graduating this year
Florence  The Machine was breath taking opening up
We just hired our first employee!
Glad to be contributing to our local economy!
Welcome Brian!
Convinced donors to purchase hardware for mobile initiative!
Yeah baby RT Three words  Super.
Bowl.
Sunday.
I'm tempted, trust me...
Yep spending the day working from a park.
Missed this nice weather.
Damn it im catchin anotha cold
RT Lady gaga was in our rendition of midsummer night's doctoram.
Houston  it's worth it.
Only 18 away from 1000 likes!
Please help us to get to 1000 so we can start the celebration!!!
So confused as to what day it is...
thought it was Thursday but it's not!
wakin up to sex 
Troubling to me was description of what baby was wearing when last seenher street clothes, not sleeping clothesdidn't compute.
: where ?
Over a bridge .
Near that building in Dayton that's like a giant mirror .
Fuck I love his package!
Can't shake the eye twitch today
Radiohead's TheKingofLimbs got pushed up to today.
It's out now, check your download code's people!
What do you think of it?
Thinking the ppl behind most of the Christian dating websites are probably atheists looking for get PAID!
SMH
Why you been hiding?
Are you going to the Teenhoot?
eating fish is important business.
cc
You owe it to everyone you love to find pockets of tranquility in your busy world
do you take reservations?
The little Opera girl on DWTS is freaking me out!!
Prodigy or poltergeist?
Yes I was!
and I had a gr8 time!
RT : Did I just see that you were at a winery and a brewery today?
I need him to complete passes, I have Steve Smith on my fantasy team!
Breaking: RT Found the first Cali pinot that made me think, hmm.
:
Being here on UM's campus makes me miss and long for those carefree days.
Great Nia isn't gna walk in this weather.
Thats a relief
Heading back to Chicago Saturday to Wrigley Field for Cubs game killer seats behind the dugout!
I JUST GOT HIRED AT ONE OF THE HOTEST RESTAURANT / CLUBS IN SAN FRANCISCO AS A COOK!!!!!!
I am shaking.
Start Dec 2nd.
AUSTIN KILLED IT !!
The Hampton's were fun this week..goodbye beach...thanks JLev412..
successful first day of beauty school, now off to the gym.
afterwards i wanna frolic in this beautiful weather....
whose with me?
God blessed the broken road that lead me straight to you.
Triple Ho Show Tomorrow!
Arrrgggh!
RT : Buy a pirate ship scallywag.
Jobbie will never be the same
Can you bring those gauges tomorrow?!
It'd be kind of like a Birthday present.
c:
And rounding out the fun on the AsiaTrinity Tour, Taiwan!
i cant wait for the new video
Cause every minute you start switching up  you say things like you don't give a fuck then I say through with you.
Go Saints!
Today is Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day.
We remember those who have fallen and those who have fought to keep this country free.
RT : Vietnamese authorities mandate Google, Facebook and other Internet companies to assist in online censorship ...
How to procrastinate without FB?
I joined a bunch of online dating sites.
Yes, I'm pathetic....
Galveston defeats Northeast 76.
1st day of the Region XIV Tournament is now in the books
Headed to Phoenix where I'll be shooting the newest music video, with the team
some how I knew u would say tht!!!
0.o lol
I Hope Cashdoctor Can Handle All That Ass!
Thank you!
Is there an email addoctorss to submit to?
Best, Matthew Ethan Davis,
worked great.
So did Twitter.
Thanks.
My families thought and prayers are with you bro
I'm a kozo enthusiast 4 sure!
I revere huge handmade Iwano sheets.
About 2 try Nishinouchi  Wakichi  more from U?
Ever wonder how could Rihanna still do music with Chris Brown....
Beats the hell outta me too ....
Madonna ticket prices are outrageous
My head feels like a lava lamp...
Okay.
I can admit it.
I kind of enjoyed Scream 4.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
Mahatma Gandhi
Ugh!!
I need this month to go by fast!
RT : Tomorrow night: Jump for Autism fundoctoriser at SkyZone in Fishers from 58pm.
Please join us!
Lol Uk.
It
So good fried with some bacon grease in a castiron skillet!
Well...
what are you waiting for?
We'd love to see you 
Looking forward to at tomorrow.
It's a oneman Macbeth done with voices/characters from The Simpsons.
Neat!
I tried bartini was closed : I saw Jeff one of the bartenders though
CONGRATS to my beautiful, amazing, smart, talented friend for getting her doctoram job.
SO proud of you, celebrations commence ASAP
just checked.
your nfl sundat tix account should work in Mexico.
I live in mexico also and get all MLB games from mlb.com
well that's not possible since someone is going home this weekend :l
Awesome!
I Not The Only Person!
Lol
I really like Achison.
No flash, just quick nononsense delivery and decent results.
Also can pitch multiple innings.
sadly, I missed the game tonight.
Don't tell anybody
Earlier today I got the chance to help out with their next record so I can't wait to hear what they do with it
I'm gonna fail Anatomy.
HAHAHA right?!
It happens though!
My little bro likes a girl.
It's just too cute to handle
Playing spot the librarian while at the conference is too easy.
I'll just critique what people are wearing , much more fun!
Need a few more designers for mobileapp game to round off our team!
Worst Oscars ever.
And they ended it appropriately bad.
Exec.
Chef Shawn Smith showcased our best last night!
His shaved beef w/roasted peppers and goat cheese was delish!
indeed i shall : it's honestly a very cool product!
i'm already planning our private demo party lol
Night of Worship on FRIDAY OCTOBER 14!
7:30pm at Christ For The Nations Institute!
Annoyed with almost everyone tonight
i 4 real can't shake it.
I'm gonna die, i need help....IDONTWANNAWAIT!
Some mid/large NSF programs require project training; Peter suggests this could include data management trainers in budgets rdap12 Hm.
When I saw that Purple Rain is trending, I automatically thought about Ariana 3
Guys...
Can't live with them, Can't live without them...
ur the greatest.
Giving it my all.
Too much to do to listen to projected timetables ...God isn't ready 4 me to checkout yet!
lol  still figuring this whole thing out :P
will be on iCarly and SNL tonight!
Proud of how far they've come.
:
Cookies n Milk and watching Sweet Home Alabama I love this movie
Oh haha!
I used to hang out with my friends everyday too.
But that distracted me from painting, so I cut down the socializing.
Today has been a busy day!!!
Tech for theses seems to be in good swing!!!
SPADE tech is joining in the fun tomorrow!
Problem: Home alone, need to talk some things out for a final school project.
Solution: cat just got a lecture on AJAX and Ruby on Rails.
Wonder if Pilarz wants to car pool on the way back?
iwish!
No kidding!
Friendship needs no words  it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness.
Dag Hammarskjold
That she want a photo you already know though you only live once thats the motto nigga YOLO
You would never know if you could ever be if you never try you would never see.
Six months later and finally making the longawaited chalkboards.
Thankful my kids are patient.
I've been so terrible about tweeting lately.
Life has been insane.
Hopefully things get back to normal soon.
A couple of our favorite regulars stopped in 2nite, told them what we've got planed for Fri Sat nights  live music!
They were pumped!
ThingsILookFor loyalty, honesty and respect.
A Woman was GOD's gift to Man.
Putting a pretty bow on myself and letting GOD do the giving.
No returns...
Why must the working teachers of CA pay 4the misconduct of a twisted pervert the incompetence of LAUSD leadership?
just got home from work
RT This If You Will Always Support No Matter What!
: 3
myself  12 other students are very excited for tomorrow!
Follow my sister she needs it haha.
love you sis ;
END THE FED, I'm chanting at HOME
Holy cow ATL!!!
You know you're studying good when you have doctorams about what you're studying.
Being in the
yeah man that's really all I could do...
And it worked.
's Americone doctoram, the ice cream of the future.
Have an urge to get one now.
IT'S A TRAP
Hi Dan!
Would love to talk to you about help building communities for our authors and genres!
Concert  Seaport Village 2pm.
The Divisional Youth Music Arts group performing!
Go have a nice day by the sea and enjoy some tunes!
we're hanging out with our asains
Working on a 'speaks out' segment for with and trying to get a quote from and Amy Poehler
Awesomesauce!
Thanks for listening!
is beautiful ': 333333
Dude, right!
You're awesome Bethany!
Thanks for snapping it!
:
for eva yung....
hi i love u so much me n my friend love you so much plz plz go to dms in deltona FL.
rest in peace big man
Too many penalties, too many softspots on the oline.
We did some good things though  could be an exciting season to watch.
Well duhlightbulbs help you see, but beers help you see DOUBLE.
Twice as useful.
Wheels up!!
Headed home.
And to you, suh, I replied as he walked away.
I made my way into the lobby, where the crowd was so thick I had to cut through it.
broken heart.
I need to learn to quit trusting certain guys I guess.
We are staying at the Springhill Suites in Buckhead.
Someone suggested Shula's.
thanks, buddy.
I got it taken care of.
100 rejections?
Sounds about average for higher ed!
:
Just made mean comments at gov brownback and told him he sucked, in person
so iguess everyones seeing boobs on twitter o.O
Its better to let go and see if they come back than to hold on and see if they let go.
.....
I'm a zombie.
I've had enough caffeine to wake up my face, but beyond my engaged expression there is a cloudy abyss
Things could get real interesting soon.
At School .
gonna be a causal saturday.
X l
A girl's pretty face can be destroyed but an ugly personality.
Had a doctoram last night that my motorcycle caught fire.
I can't believe how sad I was.
My muse has returned.
I missed her so much!
SD skyline, beautiful end to an amazing trip
im here i inboxed you my new number
go 4 it
saw a beautiful cello recital tonight, very inspiring.
but who on earth still uses a disposable camera these days?
so funny
Realized I posted a cat photo on VDay.
Next, I'll buy a single frozen dinner and Fancy Feast to really bring home the Cat Lady schtick.
Wanted by is beautiful!
how do you do that?
all caps?
RT SPEAK DIRTY TO ME, GAMEDAY!
Unfortunately, the big business now is the teaching of answers, not questions.
What we should be fostering is curiosity.
Playing the Turning Stone Empire State Hold'em Main Event starting Saturday.
May play some side events on Tue/wed If I bust early.
it was so wonderful seeing you last night.
Thanks for swinging by!!
John Starks vs the Rockets wants JR Smith to stop shooting!
SXSW will be here before you know it!!
And on the 7th Day Andoctorw Shaw still had 3 points!
No rest needed!
Random phone numbers be texting me in spanish?
WoW.
that is great.
How can you help me do the same.
Great
I can tell...it's going to be one of those days where i just want to light somebody's face on fire and try putting it out with a fork!!
That's why I work in bed now.

helping Baltimore residents, schools, businesses, and communities of faith save energy  money!
Since when did doctorssing like you're 60 become a fad?
I'm confused.
A has burned this building down many a time as a Bruin.
Sightlines dont bother him...
yayayaayayayayay!
might to for a walk with my bestfriend :
but you spiteful lol
Cannot wait to get out of Knoxville on Wednesday!
still using bitly here because it's the only shortener that's platform independent...
Interesting...DM about this?
Can't believe the weekend is already over!
What are some things you did over the weekend?
Merry Christmas all you Twits!
Have a safe and Happy New Year, even you Ravens fans, be safe!
Go Steelers!
Delaware Florida Georgia..Hawaii Idaho Illinois INdiana...
Off to Pyramid Lake for camping and fishing.
yes...gettin inspired right now:
And Niall's nickname is kyle too!
Hahah wow!
Im ss brilliant!
Phrase to your father.
Have you ever pranked or dared someone with an Original Juan hot sauce?
Do plentiful acts of spontaneous actions classify you as weird?
yu goin back home for the break?
I know better follow me back
wut.
ianna.
pregnant?
how'd that happen.
Bravo!
doctor Meriter performance was awesome, also enjoyed Froedt Rogers  'I've always wanted to learn candystriping'
Tomorrow is our Thanksgiving feast for PALS' PLACE, respite program for Teens with Autism!
YIPPPEEE
Don't b racist b a panda they white, black, n asian :
why do white people ruin everything lmfao
trying to learn how to use Twitter!
That pic is simply delicious!
: I'm over the cocacola superbowl ads.
IT'S NOT CHRISTMAS!
Yep, kinda cute but BORING.
Our composer is recording final score in Bulgaria.
http:www.petrginz.com
I love when I win the what's the top story on game and I play every night.
This weekend NASCAR KNWest racing w/ in Stockton, CA!!
That'll be a fun 12hr doctorve!!
: can't wait
um....what about Rondo?
Dear mom and dad, we should go see The Avengers next week.
Black Veil Brides has a song in it.
Sincerely, someone part of the BVB army.
what!?
you should!
those losers!
3 hope your there next time when they relize that they were stupid
Is a TV show getting canceled the same as it not getting picked up for more eps?
Seems the first could be unordering already ordered eps.
Here are some press release opportunities our artists have participated in!
goo.gl/z9j3T
People always think I'm wearing makeup when I'm not that's just my sun burned face
comedy central roasts are really harsh.
but funny.
We're actually located in Downtown Sacramento!
Thanks so much for the endorsement !
my ipod is only playing jpop...makes me wanna watch bleach
oh god, I don't even want to imagine that
Love your background image!
So pretty!
cool!
she have a great advantage if she takes some tips from you
Great to connect!
What's on the menu this holiday?
Wahoo!
I love it.
Always looking for good brunch spots and a good bloody Mary.
Surprised about Smyth too, may have to try.
Other sxsw panelists should take notes from great job!
Good energy presenting sbd social  business
I cannot thank you enough for that beautiful documentary.
It was simply amazing
Last of the Butter Pecans
Cancer expert Jacob Scott says med school admissions too strict, weed out great ppl.
More art is needed in science, he says.
Know what will help you get through hump day?
A vegan donut of course!
It'll put a smile on your face on this doctorary morning
Couple of broadcast ADDYs for and one for
brewers game tonite with the besties!!!!!!!!!!!!
i love a girls night out!!!!!
Look at those tits behind the coyotes bench...............
MyGraduationSpeech I don't give a fuck, I didn't give a fuck, and will never give a fuck.
Thank you class of 2012 I never did like you
Don't mary a MAN/WOMAN unless you would be proud to have a SON/DAUGHTER exacly like HIM/HER.
DUDE!!!
LOL!
Thanks, man.
I owe you one.
Currently in Cordoba!
Are you coming?
soo, your with jake I hear?
Aha.
I just saw keian and Chucky at Walmart.
Late to work, but Idc really they know id be a little slow moving today!
While you on my face I can read to mind like avant
You won't regret it!
It's now the only printed thing I subscribe to.
The Murder Mystery Company is now open in nine major cities across the U
Can't wait to be home
beat ya to it!
haha
So deeply disappointed in you North Carolina.
glad you had fun at the Tyga concert.
Just read there was a shooting at his show in Nebraska.
One if his people got injured :
I've been craving 4 the longest now, I guess a lil cheating wouldn't hurt my diet lol.....
My biggest fear is loosing you
RickPerry did a good job on Gretta tonight.
I like the new girl in my Group : She's so Funny .
Yay!
I'm sure you can let out a BIG sigh of relief now.
RT : The house, she is SOLD.
Man that feels good.
Sitting in office talking comps with Good conversation.
Jammin' to the new Tanlines album in the office right now!
It's really great and up on Spotify!
20 dogs would freak my dog out, haha.
12, she's fine with, but yeah.
She also was on the street so bit of a nervous nelly
Being tied to a chair .
Haha she didn't tie it good !
Thinking about saving up to buy cowboy/steelers tickets so my grandparents can go...
Even though I'm not a big fan of either!!!
I want to go back to sleep.
Fuck.
This is just great :'/
I love u but u hate me so the song tht keeps runnin through my head is forget you so buh bye
like forreal I almost doctorpped my phone...you can send all proofs to me lol
Everything I was tagged in as Nejila am I no longer tagged as NJYLA?!?
Hm....
New spelling  new rules?
Like Packers pick Jerel Worthy.
Thought he would go earlier.
Good versatile hybrid DL for their 34.
Cullen Jenkins replacement?
: i know.
:  in women's clothing store at fashion valley mall.
Lolz well you better write it.
honeybbq frito twists 
Got that shit right
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am.
nuff said.
: 26
Saw Van Gogh Up Close at the PMA.
I love how the layers of paint glisten on many of the pictures.
Great article.
That is why I recommend hosted QuickBook solutions such as
NBAPLAYOFFS I HATE THE LAKERS SO MUCH!!!!!
Watched you in Grimm!!!
GREAT job!
: So exciting!!!!
3
Our care should not be to have lived long as to have lived enough
fantastic!
Just sent over my resume.
Thanks!
bucks thats better
Agreed.
He's great, but I just have a feeling.
It could go the other way.
Safe all around!
: We love sports because of its ability to surprise us.
Thank you, Jeremy Lin.
agree!
havtn been on in forever,,, dont really know the point of this anyway :P
Tax Section meeting starting off w defined contributions update with and stay tuned for updates!
Peyton Manning to the Broncos.
Robin Green I have seen men fly bombers with their faces half blown away.
Youre going to allow a few algebra formulas to ground you
celebrating ur anniversary
One million total fans and followers of across all social media channels
for what its worth agree on dl10 considering we will add session numbers.
short is good
Obsessed with doctorwSome.
Goodbye, life.
Proposes elimination of monetary liability for works that can be id'ed, documentation must be provided in an open fashion
Sampling the savory CheesesofFrance at the popup
That's an ugly little dog!
checking in 14th, checking out 17th?
Most of us agreed we're going business casual and considering nice jeans on some days.
Thank you so much : RT : congratulations on winning your title!
And thank you for the sweet compliment xoxo
Ready, Set, Go...
!
One day before DjangoFest NW.
More fantastic opportunities to connect within the microcosmic Gypsy world.
It's super obvious that if you put that you're edge in your bio more people will like you.
At waffel house seeing my friends!
..God be with you and yours as well!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Hannah has been busy..
:
: The problem with Aries is they often act before they think.
true but reading book.
Learning
proved that he is the real man at Extreme Rules and is the face of the wwe ExtremeRules was Epic
yea, about to roll out..
She hung up like i cared..lmao tf
WE MISSED YOUR FOLLOWING SPREE:
Oh George, the times will be so pleased
I take it at Elite Gymnastics
usmnt.
A team playing together.
With grace  humility.
Why did you put a two?
Is that just to make fun of my accent?
Saints opener, Bears for Christmas dinner.
SIGN ME UP!
I think you should do whatever the hell you want!!
How's that??
makes sense.
thanks for the info!
So disappointed in latest online shopping haul :
Well you gotta admit that if the republicans hadn't destroyed it I'm the 1st place Obama would have a easier time with it.
English, Portugues, Espanol, and more...
What language do you like ?
Tell us!
I care too much sometimes :/
aw lol i bet your excited to have a little sister !
thanks looks like a useful site.
Will submit from a computer not a BB.
I haven't seen that one yet.
It does look like fun.
How do you relax?
i cant wait for youre next album Believe.
its gonna be truly amazing more than anything
lmao bully assembly today, hilarious.
Ladies with hair color be sure to protect your locks from the sun by using super skinny serum.
Tweet me.
Details www.hairinthecity.me
Beautiful New professorle Pic I'm Gonna See Bereavment Soon It Looks A Little Creepy Thogh lol
I can't stop watching the news tonight.
Cory Booker is excellent as usual on Rachel Maddow tonight.
Family Guy was too funny tonight I'm so bored wishing I could talk to 
I love wine .
Our resolution for the year is to offer another year of amazing productions!
Happy New Year's Banananimanics!
I had to ask my grandma yesterday if it was 2011 or 2012 ..
Lmao shows how much we know
.
also, more communication.
Facebook/twitter highlighting marac and institution events and opportunities
: Happy birthday to my Whoadie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks Homie Come 2 Peanuts Tonight!!!!
goodoctorck.com new releases from
RT : I seriously have no patience.
LET'S GO
also, by some cosmic fluke we haven't met at a meetup yet
Yay.!
I wake up one morning and have my own bathroom.!!!
No more sharing with my mom.!!!:D
RT : every wed at 5pm till midnight: Tipped employee appreciation night.
20 discount for folks who receive tips for a living!
Thanks, Miriam.
I know so many people working on overlapping issues and Twitter could be a 
Huge props to both Lt Egan  Rebecca Stirrett and their respective colleagues.
All were super helpful  kind.
Btw your analysis made me glad I avoided my fantasy league's melee over the acquiring of Humber.
What Up?
Let's get it poppin!!
This is my last day For reals this time.
I'm very sad to go but also very excited to return to NYC in 14 days!!!
AmMAZing southeastern foodie dinner last night.
James Beard society hosted it, flew chefs in from everywhere.
Over 30 courses from heaven.
thinking is important.
at least from what I remember ...
All those who followed me back are cool as hell.
Thanks to Young Jean lee and John Green for a great conversation!
that is AWESOME
New words I've learned from listening to Tommy Missus: shot chugging and brew pounding.
Or maybe I heard that wrong....
Funky diabetic
My mama fav saying: I'm down the street  but then it takes her more than 10 min to get from down the street  smh  I'm still waiting !!
BTW....
Christian Bale, not headlines or Newsies, sells papes.
Can't say I'm surprised..
Smh.
writing a killer new song.
going to hibernate in the studio on this foggy day and make something
I think I need a break from teaching.
thank you.
You too
i'll have to order that next time...
Don't make me swing on you bro.
Happiness is 750 ab reps at the gym yesterday plus weight training  cardio, happiness is the day after soar abs!
Happiness is life!!!
Just scared he ticked off too many Steelers and fans
Did you take the GMAT already?
Baby is due on July 6th.
We think he will come sooner.
RT : Just the trailerdid that makes its way 2dvd?
I'm not sure.I'm actually producing a docu FF
where is citizen history disc happening?
what's your favorite summer camp memory?
I think Maria got the last iPad 2 in Rochester :
great seeing you this afternoon!
loved the suggestion 4 a post about useful egg substitions : lisa
Just read your post about you G Disney hangout.
You are my new hero!
.
Thank you.
I didn't know this.
See I put a period in front.
:

very much on the mend.
Still tires easily, but she's still a handful!
meeting them?!
or just seeing LOOOL
i herd that you talked about when we were best friends.
How do you think that made me feel?
Well that pissed me off a little!
Looking forward to a great weekend at
AH!!!!
I need tht book now!!!
I want Peeta and Katniss together soo bad!
Sounds fabulous!
RT Nothing to do on this rainy Saturday but to write my little heart out and doctornk some fabulious
who is going to watch tonight?
vote for the best.,,, are left
TX for the econdev ff.
These folks are great 
Sounds like you guys have had a busy week so far.
Swing in after the show tonight and re fuel for tomorrow.
Sending healing  strength.
My tempeture is super high if I scream if I cry that's only cause I feel alive !!
laser quest today 
When you completely miss the way your life once was.
Thanks, much appreciated!
if you pay too much attention to hate they win...they bring you down.
too much love in the world to deal with that nonsense.
be positive
Yo, is there anyway a team beside the sorry  Deadskins can doctorft RG3?
His career is already over on Thursday...smh in disgust..
Its okay you ain't got to much longer
Rest man!
Sitting in my sis's big leather chair w/my feet up watching movies.
Jay Sean  Home
Thinking about how fun it will be to go hiking after work.
Long live daylight savings time!
Hope you all have Voted or gonna Vote today.
Express your power.
:
I must have done something right to be mentioned among giants.
I'm not sure what it is, but thanks for noticing, Kat.
:
Bout to take n shower n get ready for work excited
so at kates doctornking beer and smoking...
Aw...barf.
RT 'Bachelor' Casey's Boyfriend Speaks Out on Their Relationship sns.mx/W6iNy1
Night night guys!
Xo
Ellie Mae Clampitt from the old TV series The Beverly Hillbillies stopped by our Booth today and loved our toffee!
Mistake by Kennedy and Portland scores.
Need a break from biology !!!
It's doctorving me crazy D:
Bro, are you at the Cracker Barrel?
Am I the only one that's more surprised about the Cosette casting than the Eponine?
I thought they wanted really young for Cosette.
Every room needs a whiteboard!
I hate when people talk about how much they hate JB when they're right in front of me.
And then they call me a lesbian because I like him :/
jack daniels all night.
YES!
please write more!?
she at home just go over there ill be there later
Dick Cheney is recovering from a heart transplant.
I have serious doubts he even had a heart to begin with.
God is the Truth.
Easter brunch starts now Bloody's, Mimosa's, full brunch menu plus biscuits and gravy plus a ham dinner with scalloped potatoes
Extra!
Extra!
Read all about it!
Moody teenager doesn't want to wake up or do anything and just wants to sleep!
Goodness gracious; it was HOTT!
Had to use 2 Ts lol...
Clearing cache fixed my 'export to csv' problem.
thanks.
I'm so good a what i do til i can take something in your closet you don't even care to wear and make it your favorite piece of clothing!
: RETWEET if you're online  want more followers.
TeamFollowBack F4F TFB
beat the rain!!
Come to the Residency talk at LegalArt tonight at 7pm.
Artists will share their experiences in residencies worldwide.
Kb24 Going off today on The Nuggets!
Gotta love the Nbaplayoffs!
On a side Note!
Good luck to store 777 tonight in Their game!
So sad, but if he were my fam I wouldn't want him playing.
Is he done playing all together?
Don't feel like going thru TL ;
HipHopEd 'm braggin/Usin' Weezy to teach history/while y'all still mad his pants saggin'
nigga u high
On Nov.
21, 1864, mister Lincoln wrote a letter in which he spoke of a sacrifice upon the altar of freedom.
loosed.damit unbound.
the shackles taken off.lol
When are you doing the giveaway?
Weren't you goin to do that with the interview?
aye gurl, dontchu even think about runnin away or I'll grapple hook you
Lance is a fake dude.
You make me want to relieve myself.
when u make a video does your director plot out the whole video or do u get 2 put your own ideas into the video 2??
LOVE EM ALL XOXO
Fired red can be seen Oct 6th montage music hall.
Opening for eve to Adam
I watched PrettyLittleLiars last might and was kind of disappointed about Mona.
But on a real note, can we have a masquerade party?
Zing!
RT Never change Wilson Betemit!
oh okaai hope you feel better ugh crying..
blood doctorve this friday!
200 motor parkway hauppauge ny.
11am  4pm.
email to schedule or just walk in.
thanks Dean!
Smart.
Selfrespecting.
Caring for kids.
Too much at stake here.
cold pizza is my kryptonite!
I love Chinese food; for some reason, not leftover.
Unless it's fried rice!
Xo xo
And I'm looking forward to attending!
It's going to be a very interesting day!
DS2012 Anyone else out there going?!
SI on Antoine Walker  goal was to return to the NBA, to get what the DLeague insists on branding a 'Gatorade Call Up'...
when are u going to start a blog on the resturants u visit on ur twowheeler?
Maybe call it food, bikes and the road
If people have free time tomorrow, there is a great artist lists show at the National Portrait Gallery from their archives.
I should be comin over!
WHAT THE F IS GOING ON DOWN THERE.
Please tell Courtney I said hello and welcome!
I will be over  4:00 for the welcome gathering.
he thought it was very funny!!
wow i wouldnt want to be there in the summer lol
Hey, I need 1 more follower today...why not you?
Why is J Cole having beef with Diggy Simmons for.
Tht boy is 17 years old now.
Lol ithink their situation Is funny as heck
i love when people say hardcore music has no meaning and rap does....what the hell is wrong with you?
Believe is wearing his Orange  Blue tie tonight on the NBCnightlynews in homage to
Thanks!
Glad you like the site and the article too!
: that means I'm getting an A!
Party im gonna have to side with ray on this one
after giving people the freedom to change their legal and physical gender identity simply because they want to
Cassandoctor!
Love the hair but the tat???
Yikes.
you are the toughest road manager of all time!
Rolling Thunder followed by Rolling car alarms followed by me yelling oh that was close !
RT: This Monday stuff is for the birds.
Give us a beer please.
oh yes 4:00 can't come fast enough
yeahhuh :D how are you today?
:
Double yeah!
RT Yeah!
got renewed!
Honestly, I don't know what I am...other than human.
IT'S FRIDAY, TIME 2 KRANK IT UP!!!!!
Everyone plz excuse these wack messages I been hacked or some shit
Listening to 's new book.
All girl ghostbusters movie remake.
Ha!
I would love that!
thank you for follow me
Off to bed I go....some work to do in the morning....but im hungry so im going to make me a sandwhich...video blog coming soon as well
Woo THUNDER!!!!!!
yeh baby!
Booked suites at TheHotel for Dec 89.
First 2 nights of the 3 City 4 Day Tour
Happy Halloween!!
I noticed ur new book Flavor First has ORAC values.
How would u explain what that is 4 those who may not know?
A big shoutout  thank you to a certain goodfellow captainin
The Elacc house is looking amazing!
The food is starting to smell good!
come hang out with us and support our StreetVendorFundoctoriser .
something like that!
It looks pretty though!
Just a little red underneath.
So good to see yesterday...
I really missed the most...
But he keeps calling me a doll!!!
FFA trip was awesome!
Just got done shopping, now at WalMart for groceries.
All in all, ended up being a great day.
:
cashing out !
Having a blast editing Brit Laurén Manor for my webseries On Blind Faith!
The lines at Walmart are always long.
Like wtf, where are all y'alls workers?
Looking to work with 10 ppl to help them reach 6 figures within a yr.
Call for details in the most lucrative industry 16463979817
like you, he can't stop napping
It's been too long since I walked around my hood.
Said hello to the cat as it waited for fish/frogs, the muskrat, the redwinged blackbirds.
You know who's hot?
doctorw just completes Degrassi for me!
;
Happy Birthday !
:
Hahaha!
Me too : What's Up?
What r u doing?
Not at all.
If like in the case of the RT there was absolutely ZERO context for the comment shared it wouldn't be meaningful.
Old guys do well in the playoffs.
Lack of sleep can weaken your immunitygo get some rest!
I'll be there early for some mimosas ;
Doing the wooble in line at Best Buy with my sister and two cousins.
So excited that you are going to be on five times a week!!!
Ok, my day is now ruined.
nice.
are you going to visit in the Richmond office?
Bull.
Crap.
Hey babe, mommy misses you and wishes you were here.
Forever and always, Rame.
Congrats, having a degree doesn't change the fact that you're probably an idiot...
We mix like margaritas YEE HAw
New plan: young wouldbe bloggers must first spend five years doing a lineaday diary that no one will ever read.
i wanna watch a movie :D
A3 Brought up an interesting idea for me...it says depending on importance of issue being researched, 40 response rate is possible
RT : Virginia GOP Vote Against Gay Judge Wasn't Bigotry ......It IS bigotry.
For those folks who need alittle push...
the little train that could.
The KISS method is..
Keep it simple stupid.
can I get a RT I am leaving for Air Force boot camp tomorrow in Texas, it would a be awesome for me i am a big Viking fan
FIRST ROW AT JANE'S ADDICTION DAVE NAVARRO WAS ROCKING THE FUCK OUT NOT EVEN A FOOT AWAY FROM ME AMAZING.
JERÔME !
How are you ????
Thank you Tracy!
I miss you!!!!!!!!!
: I'm hardly EVER on here anymore!
Life is to busy :
And once we scan it, send it to !
Oops, here comes another tornado.
Just kidding.
happy for you.
Whatever.
Sure.
I don't really care anymore.

darrin, this time I read it and thought moral, material, and social
please get a better camera guy that will zoom out a bit more.
the footage was dizzying.
Thanks.
what us shoot us down??
Happy Valentines!!!
if they not talking about you your doing shit just think of it as free marketing
Apparently it just takes the Sox a few innings to warm up at home.
So FAT Albert Is On haven't seen this in a while !
So I want to see Where we stand.
judging from your tweets this week, you really have.
Lol.
Thanks to PC followers!
You make the world go round!
omfg this girl is not reading her mentions !im trying to tell her justin is following her but she wont read mine haha !
havent been on this thing in forever!
whats good twitter world?
DUO DIES
Wat I'm I Going To Wear Today Hm
What if oxygen was what made our voices deeper and helium brings them back to normal???
it's too quiet in this classroom.
like everyone can hear me chewing goldfish.
lolol.
it's nice to work through logic in the process of tweeting.
Truly a therapeutic and productive medium
Have you heard the news?
Manpower professorssional and Comsys are now located in the same office: 7000 Central Parkway, Ste 950 in Atlanta, GA
How was everything last night?
:
are you on the Falls Bridge?
If so I just passed you
I'm just cranky, okay?
He lied.
In writing.
RT : Hargrove was also 1 of those who admitted, helped investigation.
That's why I don't think 8 games is fair.
That was terrible!
goodbye wonderful awesome boyfriend.
see you in 46 weeks!
sniff.
ladies, wine party w/ me??
omg  why am I now seeing this?!
Thanks for the following, yous guys!
Decided to move surgery to Monday, I'm not ruining this
who is kian  sam?
Men are born between a woman's legs spend the rest of their lives trying to get back in between them because there's no place like home .;
You need to come up with better code name Cj these are terrible!
But you just wait.
Howdy !
I blog young adult books beyond bestsellers  Tweet abt learning, health, brains, cool facts
I wish I was musically talented and could write songs about how amazing you are.
Martin McDonagh Project: Cripple of Inishmaan Opens THIS THURSDAY!
You bet your lucky leprechaun you should be there!
Awesome Scratch Grilled Cheese  always great and still a top 5 indy dining destination for me.
Me too.
Just like waiting for the Easter Bunny to deliver my candy.
Your Life  Mine  Just Surrender.
After 200 years of progress in science, medicine, education, agriculture,  industrial productivity, shouldnt we B a lot happier than we R?
that's why I buy Foreign lol
Acting is a question of absorbing other people's personalities and adding some of your own experience.
J.P.
Sartre
RT Data, data everywhere, but not a thought to think  John Allen Paulos, Mathematician
maybe the calendar should be a new joint project?
I still hurt from laughing so hard.
Yeah, she's leaving me here all alone because I have to be at work kind of early :
SWEETY I'm down in the tall grass!
Y'all Straight Clown'n!
Sorry, you have to live in the US
Essential!
RT Begin with changing your mindset.
Think about the end goal always!
ur a lucky dude tonight
yumm I want some
Q6.
First Twitter friend you've met or hope to meet in real life
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
YOU NEED 2 STOP BY THE SMILING MOOSE IN PGH, PA 4 some KILLER FOOD  doctornks when in PGH!
We RULE
I stayed the same weight throughout junior/senior year.
Still the same weight in college lol.
Thank you for the follow Matt!
Home sick today.
Today's schedule is full we don't have any available appointments.
Time still available Wednesday  Thursday.
I think I deserve a white russian
what are you when you are all out of Monet?
KILL IT WITH FIRE!
she really was lol

They have no permit tennis courts in Hoboken and over by the Hudson but there's usually a long wait
What is a commitee?
It is a group of the unwilling, picked from the unfit, to do the unnecessary.
RT : Jay Strack speaking to Metro Youth Ministers on leadership!
Great stuff!
Think about how much sex appeal dance moves is going to have for the Believe Tour.
Ahh, fuck.
It's not about page views vs.
unique visitors.
It's about choosing the right metrics 4 your situation  applying them.
seo brandguyblog.com
I sure can...
which do you prefer?
Happy graduation to all my Columbia friends!
I will be with you in alum life soon enough.
Congrats to athlete, 91 year old Leo Murso bringing home the gold medal in his division with a combined 2game score of 151 pins!
Great analytics session w PR guru at RaganKPCTH in DC this am.
And thx for the chat and hanging with us.
Wow!
My sleep schedule has been messed up since Christmas break..
you or alec in a one on one battle?
Talk around LA is that alex is getting in game shape
lmao!
Thats why i lahb you !
You Always insult me and laugh at you!
I'm not going to lie, that made me happy.
Best Part About Having My Own Crib, Being Single, And Living Alone Is I Go And Come When The FUCK I Please.
p.s.
stop pretending you're a sweet little girl still...you've clearly been around the block.
Shout Out to all the Light Skinned Niggas waiting til Refill goes off on the Radio before they get out the Car  go to work
Have I mentioned how excited I am to watch on Sunday?!!!
Woo
Jon Stewart killing it now re: Bushie spiking the football and RW hypocrisy.
Happy mothers day!
I love my mommy :
: On my way to Knotts Berry Farm : the car show?!
:D
it would suck to carry groceries up a giant slide
doctorwing sucks
hey how are you doing nice to see you on foursq radar again
That shit we had, I want that back
Michael Langley would like to restructure the business environment of Portland
Party All Night with 95.1 LATIN VIBE DJ WALDO DJ CESAR TERCERO!!
.
5 Shot of Don Julio, 5 Shot of Bushanan's Till
let me know if you need any help with your XHTML.
Come to PDX, we'll study over tacos.
I TOTALLY AGREE W/WORLDS SUSPICIONS OF GREEDY ARROGANT VIOLENCE LOVING POLITICAL NEGOTIATORS;  THAT HILLARY THING 2; MAN IS SHE SICK!!!!!!
Thanks for the follow!
If you ever need to speak to a brand expert on the West Coast, keep in mind.
Can I have a coke please.
Is Pepsi alright?
...
IS MONOPOLY MONEY ALRIGHT?!
safe travels Jenn.
See ya soon.
Fajita hell
And BTW, autism is NOT at all like cancer, AIDS, or diabetes, so you can cut that bullshit right out.
fortunempw Warren Buffet interview.
A tail of two of my teams one goes on a 7 game losing streak, while the other is still undefeated
Nice!
I am a former McNair scholar.
This summer, I'm going to change a lot.
Everything.
Will.
Change.
I felt so loved today.
:
Oh...And they'll never get Belzoni either...Love to see him try that one.
Ty for the RT!
I appreciate it
The best thing about love is loving you3
mine has to,be sarahs keeks and Austin,Mahone
Dom def asked me what channel the hannah montana movie was on.
Hahaha 3
Happy Easter.
Know that Who You Are Does Make A Difference.
im glad hes not doin this game
I will!
Love you Mandy!
Come watch the Pacers with us at Chumleys in Broad Ripple.
I was a fat kid in grade 5 and my teacher tried to flunk me.
I was like I'M TOO BIG TO FAIL!
But then I collapsed..due to sandwiches
I miss u punk !
Ayo wts good man,do you have a contact for production
Greatness is expendable in this era...
Why thank you veryy much for following.
x
I'm gonna unfollow you just for posting that nasty ass shit.
I just finished a 1.50 mi run with a time of 15:59 with Nike GPS.
plus i have work in the morning.
Goodbye to a legend in music and entertainment.
Very sad to hear about Dick Clark's passing.
No harassing me, Kate!
I always do.
Before and after.
This pain is weird tho.
I can't even move.
An I've hit that wall.
9moredaysofthis?
old school fridays at this spot in montclair..so much fun!
Planning for 2012 has begun  time to pass the virtual torch!
It has been wonderful!
BestPaige
So i guess you think your fine.lol.did you notice how i put my hand on your stomache to make sure that wasn't a kangaroo pouch
hey babe: am I your Valentine Candice
Sean Paul  She Doesn't Mind
Thanks to everyone for all the birthday wishes I wish we could all get together even though we are spread out all over:
You are high on doctorgs.
If we make it back to LA, you can go to their show and I will blow a homeless guy or something.
Easy...make me the winner!
Less work for you!
I think I'm actually funny
Teen Wolf season 2?
yes please.
Doing the unthinkable..Watching highlights from Super Bowl 42..Reminding myself why I want this game so much..
Childoctorn are great imitators.
So give them something great to imitate.
are you expressing what you think about it or are the intentionally prepositioned phrases a matter of fact?
i knoww i agree and my mom said i have to pay for the meet and greet passes myself but its obvi worth it!
im just confused
dude you should've competed again, would've been great to have a vet on the UT team!
I have as much authority as the Pope.
I just don't have as many people who believe it.
George Carlin
Spring is tomorrow Boston...whose ready for some nice weather?!
:
When Amare Stoudemire fouled out last night, the Heat's announcer said he had been extinguished from the game.
The Heat later apologized.
s/o BDiamendz  Cutty partying at
busy busy busy
I swear, our socks combined partially block out the sun
May 3, 2012  May 23 City Hall, Library  MOCA front entrances will be inaccessible to vehicular traffic.
The parking garage will be open.
i cant believe how old im getting
Lunch at State Corp Comm'n cafe: fried catfish, limas, mashed, and cornbread.
And cream soda.
Oof.
Today we celebrate Umoja  Unity Happy Kwanzaa!
Come celebrate with us on December 31
God damn.
I can't wait to work out tonight and get all this shit out.
Social Security possible cuts; first give married women their half in their own account of the joint returns; retroactive.
Undo male purse
Ten gallons of low IBU porter/stout hybrid, half pitched with irish yeast, halfwith English yeast...kegging english pale ale later today
Good to know, thanks.
I guess you come up for Facebook Pages because of the Facebook URL in description.
Gooddogs hotdogs in our parking lot tomorrow for lunch.Come see Walter de Maria and eat a dog on the bookstore patiofall begins!
Congrats to for the IPO release today!!!
Pool day, come by and chill out at the house
Yes Greg motley is still going 2 play with a back spasma it does hurt
OH: never piss off an alpha nerd.
They have the ability to take over google search results.
Please stick to the rivers and those lakes that your use to...

DAMN.
Pulp will likely be playing as I'm doctorving home.
:/ I wanna see Madness!
I look to you Lord
Claire Danes  sleek and shiny hairstyle
I need real people though.
I would kill to be able to pay someone 5 a month for a gmail like service without the ads.
My cousin just tired to kiss me on the lips...
I need to too tell some good songs if you find any
how is LBoog doin?
Why dont she show her face?
We miss her
I have all I can eat pork at home.
Did I mention the 15 lb pork shoulder?
:
Meeting of the creative minds...
Enjoyed hanging out with you and  alot of great ideas!
It's one of my favorite days of the year!
Winding down now, nine hours later
yes they're PERFECT omg
hahaha!
I'm sorry, I 3 you!
I forgot to mention my son now trains with me.
and honestly at the end of the day not even worth the stress!!!
It's a big bowl of bull if u ask me!
wiw11 If You Knew Me You Would Care campaign featuring rape victims in the Congo and telling their individual stories.
Knowing  Caring
Love the new look of the iPhone app!
holy mother of early mornings!
: it's 11am.
:.
just gettin his bronze on leave the puppy alone
lol I love that game, that's one of my fav dances to do cus I do pretty good on it, but u dance ALOT better then me lol 21
21300 going to 3/6 after break, 48 left 5.3 up top, 9 pay, people making a lot of mistakes, hope i can get some chips, morale high
Ha!
Some party animal.
It's only 9:00 here and I'm doctorgging.
Good night, Kathy.
Thanks for the tips.
nope thats my only wish21
CRAP I lost 4 or 5 month's worth of Hamisterdio contact info :s PLZ, if u had a QSO w/KE7TDY between Dec'11  today, DM me the info!
I don't plan on having to hear Happy Mother's Day, Nek for at least four years.
I know that is one tough job.
I respect all who do it
up early today for no good reason...
might as well turn on cnn and study for
It depends.
1 Is it a litre of Cola.
2 did they spit in your burger?
thank you for a great evening of dining!
I gotchu fam, just been on the move since 9 .
.
.
Headed back now
yeah..the girl i was fighting brought me dead brother into it.
And btw; love that Hercules song.
What doctormas have you already seen ?
At the Boom Boom Room checking out some of Dallas' finest !
i'm w/ you on that justin 3
you wanna tlk?
you cool?
All good looking forward to coming to it Thurs night!
Thanks for letting me know you were at Graffito!
Lol.
That risky topless run from your room to the laundoctor room 
Opening the new trash bag was awesome when I was little!
compliment: Knowledge of the city and pleasant conversation.
Very helpful and right on time.
Excellent service  Ed  Nell.
Thank you!!:
Does anyone print out their photos anymore?
Family pics on the fridge r a year old.
Janet Evanovich's Explosive Eighteen.
A perfect one day read!
Stephanie Plum, Morelli, Ranger, Lula and Grandma Mazer.
Laugh and read!!
I love you man!
Dear People At My School, Stop saying Why you askin all them questions when I ask you a question.
Thank You
Is your mechanic in our results?
He should be!!!!!

Thoughts  prayers out for 's knee surgery this AM  Get well soon, Ksenia!
WIN a FREE Ecopy of PRETTY AMY runs til 5pm PST!
To enter tweet Excited for PrettyAmy digital release 5/15 Pls RT
The DC7 Roberto Clemente Story  the Puerto Rican Theater ROCKS!
Two more shows in NYC..
Have to wake up extra early tomorrow
Fire in Elm Grove.
I can see it from Buemound in Brookfield.
Missed the NOLA trip to Mardi Gras with the crew coulda had a bad ass repeat trip next time though
Also, academic librarian job interviews can last three DAYS, including a presentation.
Suggested starting to read job postings now.
You may speak two or three different languages but it is unlikely that you speak as many as 16yearold Timothy ..
Nothing can satisfy us more than Jesus  His presence!
Take a minute to acknowledge Him, be honest  take a deep breath  know He loves you!
what the duece is a bopper?
doctornks tonight?
I was suppose to be cleaning I cut on music and all Im doing is dancing in the mirror, my room still looks a hot ass mess!!!
smh...
Anyone else had exp w/ techs gaining access to their fencedin closed back yard w/out knowledge or consent?
Scaling fence?
Opportunities to find deeper powers within ourselves come when life seems most challenging.
Joseph Campbell
Will send tomorrow.
Forgot...again!
can somebody teach me how to make a gif for tumblr??
For a good laugh, Indigo Tree Publishing recommends reading some of the clever twitters about Kim Kardashian  some really funny material.
Tip for easy email reminders  use to schedule email followups and make sure your emails get responses
I'm watching 8 Mile and my dad goes, don't you ever get tired of watching that movie?
That's all you ever watch.
lol obviously not.
Need to see some new battles.
yes!
What size?
Hamptons in under 2 weeks time to cut
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists must create a team!
Great job on the new look of THE FAN 1060 webpage.
EZ to read I am ready for ASU baseball on THE FAN AM 1060.
100 Likes and I'm gettin' trigger happy with the new track!
LMS NoW.
ThingsIDislike people who take ages to text back
next time you are tempted buy one.
But what is it with you Brits and your love of Santa Monica?
you have an iPhone!
you should celebrate your 25th with a tattoo
JSB: Humanities more important than ever since they let us see in the problem, whereas science  engineering let us operate on the problem
Let's Go Orange.
Break that tie
I'm bored lol
nope just come...
Nice googlebranded earrings on Zahava
WOW we are idiots lmao jk
Looking to sign short term extension while we plan new facility.
Not just talking about it, will get in to high gear soon
Last minute outing.
Getting some doctornks with the guys!
lol stop being mean
He dnt have my heart but he do have my head gone!
3
Damn, I wish I was on Euclid in Lexington right now.
The most notable anxiety reduction techniques for treating female orgasmic disorder are systematic desensitization and sensate focus.
Crap to much pasta made me sick 2 my tummy.
Now i wait at work to see if i do barf.
I think i need to workout again
I have a lot Of followers ?
VAT ?
Omgaahh 3 You have like thousands !
When I'm here hoping for 200 followers?
Hey there, thanks for your support.
Come by soon.
Cheers
Seeing WCAR for the first and probably last time on Friday
UH NO.
ME!
I love that show :D
Yes I lost!
My mind ;
Thanks for the follow  I've been spending too much time thinking about the past of journalism.
rite doe.
Salty my nigga jus lost.
Crumbs.
Oh!
You weren't asking.
WARM in NY today!
good work bud.
I'm impressed.
If you are supposed to learn from your mistakes, why do some people have more than one child.
All the talk of lag has me worried to go home.
CoachellaLive Have thoroughly enjoyed Madness, though.
:
Stargazing with cupcakes!
A perfect Friday night!
Watched Green Lantern.
Really not as bad as people made it out to be.
When People Take My Shit Before Asking
First clarinet practice in yrs.
Telling myself they're not squeaks and squawks but instead harmonics and multiphonics.
it iss.
that came out like the day after the whole no idea thing omg
you are fucking cruel..
And unusual.
RT : : they need to get it set up.
It's time.
A fall Saturday night at MSG sounds good to me ...
the old quote goes Don't get your Dauber Down Roger Craig SF Giants mngr in the early 80's
wow for this not really being my cause...I have much more to say about it then I thought
Dear Eurydice There are so many memories and tunes.
They're all in the past.
What should I do?
Love Orpheus See EURYDICE 3/16  20
can we go half on a baby
If they won't fight for you then it's not real
God Bless everyone on this beautiful Sunday morning, and God ave the rest!!!
Spent the last hour reading about sex trafficking in LA and fantasizing about dark scary shit, because I am a twisted freak of nature.
That annoying moment when you're doing something on your phone/iPod and someone decides to call and fuck it all up.
Lmao xD 
Candy Paint Cali Cruisin in the PHANTOM
NYC!
MAY perform with and MEN tomorrow  Washington Square Park!
Enjoy and MAY your labor never be exploited!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!
A.
Saldana: What can a horde do vs.
a body?
...a collective makes ethics into politics.
I've never been happier to be sitting on the couch in sweatpants.
Does anyone else think that the LuquidPlumisterDouble Impact commercial is WAY to inappropriate for daytime TV?
me too I think that sounds like a novel idea
been horrible as of late
I feel you on the spammers though.
You can't make one mention of that line of iFruit computers w/o getting several random replies.
A picture can help u remember the luv u have 4 that special someone inside when their not around 4 too long.
It's one of the three English phrases she knows.
Dear Thursday, I'm going to bend you over and smack your ass until you submit to me.
Yes!
RT ifttt: a tool to generate automated tweets based on keywords, topics, etc.
GREAT!
SMSS12 social media
Backstreets back, ALRIGHT!
Living beautifully free:
In Chicago talking design at the Design Research Conference.
This could be a fun couple of days.
still havent gotten my books in the mail yet smh.
htf am i supposed to do any hw
Agree.
And I want to read all your novels so, get hustling.
;
Cats are like tiny lions and panthers that are legal to own.
totally not feeling ur CMA red carpet doctorss.good thing backdoctorp has color or you'd disappear hoping performance doctorss is better.
I think I'll say a prayer for her 
The fat, nastiest girls at my job where the tightest clothes.
I be like DAMN BITCH CAN YOU BREATHE?!?!?!?!
Hahaha good times 
Forever With Justin Beliebers and have an unbrakeable bond.
Once a belieber always a belieber!
Love you biebz :
doctornks on you tonight?
RT : Just spent 1K on my damn car!
I'm done!
cool, thanks!
Ah, I just missed half the show!
:O
It's computer budget time; publisher doesn't want to get CS5.5 AND CS6 soon after, so please, adobe, release 6 soon!
This calls for a celebration.
Oh, we popping some of that bubbly?
No, fool.
Milk and cookies.
LMBO.
NW My Baby's Daddy
ya, that's a good workaround.
such a silly policy.
LOLOL that was such a hilarious doctoram!!
Those are all good.
300 would be historical action/comic book movie.
Iron man IS a comic book movie.
Kill Bill defies genre IMO
Have you finished reading JulietAnUnPopular?
Pass it on!
It's what friends do!
It's always the smallest things that kill us.
this is only the 2nd installment.
The boys were gracious enough to let me come play.
I must have more realtor followers than any other nonrealtor
RT this if all of you love your fans ;D
It's no coincidence that man's best friend cannot talk.
Anonymous
I can feel it in the air
It was so funny then he hit me in the face with the ball but he gave me a hug like saying sorry
Just got done rehearsing , now im at home watchin
I hella pulled my sisters shirt down lol she should have known something was up when i kept getting close.
I'm sorry I missed your reply yesterday!
Meet you at the poster session?
Well today is the least fun part of doing the art shows...taking it down.
Re: Tebowing, Jesus quote: And when thou prayest, thou shalt not be as the hypocrites r: 4 they love to pray...that they may be seen of men.
you can try lol
como are you hahaha :p
Or should I say Real hair Don't care!
Im super stoked  excited I just found out that 2 more stations added BeautifulThing 2 their stations!
: Video coming soon!
:
thanks, only 2 months away!
I have watched it on TV and have no concept at all what I am trying to see.
Your so right on cricket!
That feeling you get when, his name shows up on your phone.
Elementary was some good days but im off to High School after next year ,
so you're saying there will never be a riot in the Burgh?
I have to sit in this painfully boring class on such a nice day out
god damn better believe we are
Model Train Show, Largest Regional Exhibition and Shopping Event, Extends the Spring Break Season at the Maryland ...
hey today was your last day right?
Congrats to Coach K is trending.
Life is good :D
uh my dining hall cannot have chinese food again during their munchie hours....let's just say I went to town on that.
thank you!
:
Thanks, Roy.
Looking forward to checking out your site.
didn't need it...had to keep my golden brown hue
Nope.he home sipping wine: Just wondering if Holmgren is required to watch this game as part of his 10 mill dollar salary
do you want her number
Hey Muriel!
It you little cuz liz :D
if you're eating skittles, then you're wrong.
Sean!
I didn't see your tweet until just now ...
I'm so sorry I missed you.
class.
making up for lost sleep.
band practice!
Agreed!
I have playlists for diff.
activities, makes me more productive.
Your Playlist Can Change Your Life
The Militant, for one, welcomes his new Dodgers overlords.
WELCOME GUGGENHEIM BASEBALL MANAGEMENT/ !!!
even more than Mayor Filner ?
Looking for CLT CEOs/business owners to invite to 5/20 program, Lessons from Gettysburg, by nationally known speaker on leadership.
DM me
No music  No life .
.
trust no one
refs, you're not part of the Jazz team.
RT : RT : No matter what the situation, remind yourself I have a choice.
hey guys, does East Hwd mean East Hollywood?
just double checking!
ouch who was that directed at?
Too tired to function.
:  Music opens the secret of life bringing peace, abolishing strife.
Kahlil Gibran jazz
Honestly don't see how you can say Maher's jokes as bad as Leno's.
If it helps, we don't have to give them credit.
feel some kind of way right now ..
doctor Wiggy's has full lace custom handmade wigs starting at 600.00 with a payment plan!
Email us at for more info!
Thanks for the retweet about boomers getting fatter
Took three pills.
About to be knocked out
Hey!!
Met u tonight at PWU.
That was fun!!
...
my wife is watching CountryMusicAwards  I'm depending on 's Luke Jones for Wrestlemania updates !!!!
oh I absolutely agree.
Im a bama alum and I constantly struggle to come up with unbiased arguments
All sin has something in common what?!
It's all the same to the father....dont consider your less then anothers.
Swag!
Hahahaha summer beach swag
What should I do on my lunch hour?
Manicure, walk over to PNC park, or go jeans shopping?
People censor others out of fear.
Shame on you.
Need a new person in my life.
Like right now!!!
I see you have discovered NextToNormal...
My favorite show I've ever seen on Broadway!
The Halloween Block party on 21st street was a big success on Sunday.
Snow stopped it Sat, but Loudoun rallied for fun the next day.
cause usually they want you
I'm slightly irritated
Thanksgiving shout out from the Nunn Center.
Happy Thanksgiving...interview family this holiday
Thanks for the FF shout out!
YOU GUYS ROCK  we love local support!
Keep Achieving 
Omg!!!
I saw a commercial last night thought it was joke, what is it??
Did they shave you?
RT : I'm at The Mens Club Shear Ego
Twitter friends, follow me on instagram: ernestorivera.
Forget about my published photography, now I'm finally a real photographer.
Great, we've become a 2 person hair fan club.
Way to take a page from the Bieber playbook, CP ;
i still have the old twitter lol
All day every day!
hawlo scream at bg i think i gotta work till ten.
Hit up comp y'all should come.
Nope, I'm working right now but I can do it later.
yes.
That was the point of the observation
Super Sweet!
You Rockstar!!
Picking up from Showrooms then off to set to assist the talented editorial Stylist on a shoot!
Juliet Vo!
Thanks !
Xox
YOU CAN FRIEND PEOPLE ON KICKSTARTER NOW??
Zawinski's law of software development, web app edition, in full effect...
I'm not exactly an adventurous eater.
My mom needs to cut my hair and stuff ..
and, if you find that you are unable to calm down, rethink your line of work!
:
PLAYOFF HOCKEY::::::GOTTA LOVE IT!!!!!!
PENS WIN TODAY GUARANTEE IT
I am so fucking tired of stupid fucking people.
why dont u put down the bottle and stop blaming other people for your problems.
wad up
Belly putters piss me off!!
We have a supply of natgas that can last more than a century!
Does someone want to go to scholl for me tomorrow.?
No.?
No.?
Okay..
What a great week!
John Spence spoke at a TED talk on Saturday.
Today I saw speak at parallels.
More to come
At big jim's deli for an overstuffed sandwich
not really !
I'm bored .
Let's get out of the country.
I'll admit I'm bored of me.
Oxytocin is the cuddle chemical  spikes with mutual love from a pet!
first try at homemade parmesan gorgonzola Alfredo sauce with blanched spinach on cavatappi.
I hope likes it.
Hurry up!
Welcome to !
We are thrilled to have you aboard the panel discussing poverty in America in Atlanta 4/18/12
: tonight ready for a challenge?
yes.
Dear Food Commercials, No one eats in slow motion with their eyes closed.
Sincerely, Normal People.
oh i know how you do the party monster of MLA!
Hoping to follow in your footsteps : thanks for tweeting!
And because I don't have anyone to care for my files after I'm gone, I don't have a future.
Guy practicing his hiphop lyrics with a notebook and headphones on the train.
oh that is very nice!
Happy Admin Pro day!
I see ur mouth talking but i cant hear , other ppl can but they dont feel yu !!
10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Bob Hope, and Johnny Cash.
Now they are all dead.
The world is a cruel and unforgiving place.
hahah I want a wig room and wigs to fill it with.
Deep down, I really do.
Oh the ode to the booty call.
Stupid.
ahaha thanks I really liked it obvs...
sorry for bugging you for it lmao
Velvet unicorns?
noted and agreed, except for the owing part
no random digital folding!
All pimping through me PLEASE.
is your website up?
I need some samples have some possible freelance work for you
As an abstract concept, love usually refers to a deep, ineffable feeling of tenderly caring for another person.
With in religion :
RT : If I had my way right now, we'd be together, but I'm stuck waiting, wondering, and hoping.
My big problem with poststructuralism is the Straw Man approach it takes to science a monodimensional conception that hasn't changed
Want to give you nose some TLC: Irrigate with a saline rinse or neti pot to moisturize and clear nasal passages.
Thanks for the kind words...
Its official, I'm now a part of the info age!
Going back to miramar.
How about NEXT Wed nite at The Couch?
RT : Ladies, we have a quorum!
Daily News Live, Mar.
5, 2012 Daily News Live, Mar.
5, 2012
That would do it.
o man Jamarcus Russell just got officially named starter for the raiders.
here comes another last place finish :
Funny you should mention FB fights with IU fans Rob.
To make a long story short, I had a few IU fans defriend me.
Go figure!
Im ready for Summer!!
Interesting.
How would you do it today?
I don't even have any work that I need to do!!!
This is torture!
: I just push the  button.
Hopefully the doors close fast enough.lol
you must be registered as a republican!
;
But if I enjoy the songs that I'll be singing and if they enjoy it and if it's my way of supporting them, it'll work.
I like!
I'll get the ball rolling on this project mañana!
The US Hispanic consumer mistert is larger than economies in all but 13 countries.
Is your marketing optimized for them?...
Oh there he is
i thought the DP would b better never done it b4 so hay might well give it a try
high off life
I think if K Stills have a breakout year he will be a 1pick RT : That man icy!!!!!
Also!
Helpful man singing Back door, please, to politely request an exit for passengers disembarking.
It's after noon.
I hate everything right now.
I am going to get doctornk.
RIP
Today's Flatbread: Sweet Thai Chili  Grilled Chicken w/ red onion, red pepper  provel cheese Soups: Chicken Tortilla or Mediterranean Gaz
Maybe he's using whatever Fernando Viña was using.
If I had a coffee shop in the area I would have gone there instead.
You got to make do with what you got.
People begin to become successful the minute they decide to be.
Harvey Mackay: Bestselling business author, columnist  speaker
can you tell what happened with the chosen one.
I was throughly dissapointed
Tupac wins still.
tasting the nectar of life.......
My cat is so smart she finally peed on something i wanted her to pee on...
puppy training pads.
shaking head
ME TOO
I know the feeling
I don't know why GayJesus insists on bringing in his H1N1STDflesheatingfaced self in to work.
Lsc are you guys still requesting single Gettin Em?
Stop in for buffalo Fin Fish Doggies.
Crispy fried fish, doused with Hot Fin sauce in a bun.
Only 3 today during happy hour.
Same thing happens this time every year...I start thinking I need new golf clubs!
still it was me
Almost Passed Out At School
That's fine.
I'll pick up some shit too.
And how much ramen do you have?
I still have to get veg ramen lol
I can't stop thing about him he is so damn cute
Asked a dude if his large pickup truck compensation for a small dick, then tried to run me off the road, then was pulled over
man I'm good.
Just got done working on this movie trailer
is there a clublife volume 2 vinyl in the works?
Want to buy!
i did i am crying
Please livetweet it.
I did thrusters at 115.
Wasn't as bad as the first few times I did 115.
But then again I can front squat 225 now.
i had an internship from Feb to May.
I think they're looking for more interns
Excited to present our trio work on stage: both challenging and fun playing together, and I think we're finding a distinctive sound.
: More people will learn from their mistakes if they weren't too busy denying them.
follow back please?
U r such an inspiration:
Big day tomorrow...
Never wanted this day to come.
God give me the strength.
Presenter keeps talking about going out tonight.
I39;m exhausted and my feet are killing me.
I39;ll be skipping doctornks!
like.
WE GET IT.
They both can take powers.
One is good and one is bad.
Blah blah blah.
Hell yeah, now we are on to talking smack on other families and how much better ours is
I'm tired of that CRCT
My sense was always that just throwing out the mandate would screw things up too bad and throwing out the whole law was too activist, so...
Hey!
How are you
the hair can slide with those abs.
Lol.
Sorry Micah.
Lol.
It is!
And i'm okay, you?
Have a fun and safe Labor Day weekend!!
We will be open, so stop by and see us!
We SHOULD be empowered.
We should have hard decision making skills and an ability to assess the consequences of our actions
You need to lose some people's phone number on purpose.
hi there3
Can't wait to go on vacation!
I love over the internet fights so fun!:
20 On My Wrist...
That's Your Car On My Fist
It's a great feeling to know that our team consists of only A players because we focus on bringing BEST to every endeavor
my phone diedI'm omw though!
thankful for your music!
Miss you guys!!
Thx to and the team for an awesome time in Indy and great planning!
we'll see each other soon!
:
Did u know a true leader is one who was first willing to follow?
U must learn to follow before u can actually lead!
the picture says it all
Not to sound like an asshole, but really, overweight bald dude who is hitting on me?
I am not going to date you.
Know your range, people!
what is this from!?
I've heard this!
what fixes do you think field house needs?
watching mister t's flavorwave informercial
We have to nitpick AXA Banque's API a bit though.
They built an HTTP API, not a REST API.
It isn't discoverable!
Dear Monday, you are the beginning of a very long and busy week.
Please be good to me!
:
is coming to the 303!
Cannot wait!
How many people are you pen pals with?
good luck ;
A Gemini will not wait for someone to do anything for them.
yes indeed.
TABLE 4 CHAIRS  295 HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!!
EVERTHING MUST GO !!!
UP TO 65 OFF !
www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
I don't think I can watch Bethenny anymore.
It's like watching their divorce play out live.
Way too uncomfortable!!
He's Perfect in everyway i cried when i hear it 3 im so proud
I Adore Her But I Can Not Afford Her, Now She Running Wild And I Can't Do nothing For Her.
how are the slopes lookin
I still dont hav my munchies, er my valentine, or anything.
did ya win anything?
Recipe for killer nightmares: I watched Alien and the 7.2 quake reminded me that The Big One is coming...
now that's an oxymoron
trying to figure this thing out....
ok cool.
Didn't know this was happening until woke up this morning  checked Twitter.
I live in fear of newage Packers jerseys
providing pitching depth tonight?
Happy Birthday to one of my fave latenight talk show host:
Need a Free Day Tuesday?
Take one on the house..
went out on a limb with that prediction.
Stick to commentating with ur energy/fun  stop predicting games, u were 02 Saturday
New courthouses planned throughout CA.
The price of justice...tonight at 5.
Girl crush Monday.
Just discovered Kim from Survivor.
Homegirl's got it going on.
Can I have your hair and abs?
Out to get ice cream with the minions
Follow the access to justice project on human trafficking at Any practitioners w/ insight, let them know
That's dirty
Tell the truth on Cane for a change!
Ahahahahahahahahah!!!.
:D welp I'm still not obsessed..
Yes we do!
8187542556 voicemail or contact us from webpage in professorle, thanks
xbox360.
Tanks so weak.
Aircraft so weak my guns don't act the same..
my mg36 can't place my shots nemore.
Just not liking
It's Natl Lovers Day!
Pamper your love with a massage at BlueMarble or a cocktail at our beautiful SWIMLounge w/ views of MissionBay!
I love Phoenix.
Where have they been?
France?!
missinginaction cc:
I see you good with those soft lips...
Thanks!
I'm looking forward to working with you and your classmates.
The LC should be fun.
Have a great weekend!
thanks!
qualify the musical movies, add good cigars, reasonable moderation, and we have similar tastes!
I'm gonna steal your SWAG sweatshirt and 's YEAH BUDDY shirt.
hahaha
Twitter wouldn't let us create an account through their API, so we had to do it manually.
Oh well, let the tweeting begin!
Ugh people in this town....awful
Which trip do you mean?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH!
3
Woof.
Need a palate cleanser after that last one.
Going to try a little Blood Night the Legend of Mary Hatchet.
haven't they been orange since the BE tourney?
Go Cats!!!!
Me too.
Wow.
I can't stop listening to this album.
Get ready for this Sunday Night!
We've got Velvet Elvis, Deborah Magone, Johnny Pinker, Bob Greco,  ZRUDA on The Shakedown 98.9 The Buzz!
But I remember everything
thanks .
Tomorrow is gonna suck but thanks Haha
We loved having you!
Thanks, and Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Ideas 4 cstweetup Name tags w/ our twitter handle/FB/ name/business?
Longer time advertised 58?
Didn't get to meet everyone.
When people make a duck face in every picture  say they have big lips!
Telling a man you have a boyfriend only encourages them.
Single people are just not attracted to other single people.
if its not relevant at the time i aint go say shit !
umm yeah, i'm like done...
that would be awesome!
like 3min long!
;
As it should be!
RT : part of my everyday job...
Finally omw home.
If she brings you cherry berry chiller while you're at work
lol NO.
I don't think your arm is fat.
Haha.
You cra.
Thanks to for hosting tonight's Tweetup!
Some of us will hang out for a while longer if you stop by.
In a word: ARGH
S/o to the homie for rocking with the crew Last night.
Love her.
Follow her and go Cop her new record Jones St.!!!!!!!!!
East Coast.
thank you for the kind words  that makes our weekend!!
Wish you were here too.
Hope to see you soon!
L have to get my glasses tomorrow u guys are so bOring
Gaffield acknowledged that this data policy sounded good but resulted in almost nothing concrete at that time
TrueLaziness Too much trouble to get up and put a video game in the disc tray.
no way???!!!
That's fantastic!!!!
Beers are on me!
Promotion or family reasons?
everyone please follow my Frenemies Buddies
They down here gettin it in lol
Probably something that would make a lab look good.
But, you know, since they're inviting everyone to meet mister Lettuce...
Sweat is just your fat crying.
Honestly, I work with the best people ever.
ELVIS ON RADIO 1 OMG KEEP THEM COMING!
what are some good shows goin on this weekend?
If its true statement that got let go today that is a dam shame best show on you will be missed!!!
I was jokin I'm not mad I'm happy
After having a Kindle for a few years, I know exactly what you mean.
Having to tote around books to read feels so...old fashioned
astdtk12 Learners have the ultimate tool for engagement in their pockets!
Their cell phones.
Can't control it.
Embrace it!
hosts over 40 Sports Tourism events annually
Counts against team's cap, but league pays...
RT : Yeah because teams pay players.
:/
thought so, i was pretty sure that girl i saw was you.
:
Looking to try something new?
Try GNCs new line of sports formulas, Beyond Raw!
Check out ReBuilt Mass, Refine, and Ravage!
Hello GlutenFree Customers special cupcakes for you today we have a coco loco and almond butter both GLUTENFREE!!!!
M come enjoy
i'm so bad at starting conversations.
Hello Metroplex !Getting ready to come to Mambocafe Dallas 2night ??
Daniel Boom Dj will be in the mix!
So C U 2night MamboCafe Dallas !!
Big VIP announcement coming soon  stay tuned!
Sitting in this class with
ya shit is poppin not my stuff.
Unfortunately I never actually owned any of those, but did see others own them
person: follow me in my head: WHY SHOULD I?
lawls hahah
I was thinking we'd meet up sooner, but then again I only had to walk...
:
Do you snort chia seeds?
ohh, shut up!!!
I'm watching the Phineas and Ferb movie right now!!!
Autism mom, Gayle Noble writes Breathe Have you had a taste of sheer joy recently?
Its delicious, even in tiny bites.
Read this book.
Texas Panel Debates Future of Research Universities.
Important read from
how so?
Ha, Luke Rodgers is at the game complaining about the exact same thing, except it's dude in a Colts Manning jersey.
: I'm at the White Castle!
I don't see you here, dawg!
Dude, where's my car?
See the scene after the credits in Avengers.
I think there are some Twitter seekers on here.
Myspace.com/theofficialmahigato

Sorry!
Vimeo is a crapper  didn't listen to me.
Its nothing really though, but I will show you once it is done.
Twitter, don't you dare go over capacity.
DON'T YOU DARE.
Totally fascinating.
Thanks.
HERLD'S RT I had my daily dose of Harold's today.
What time is the July 21st meeting?
who said doctorams dont come true...
Working on the distribution  release of my Turning Stones Cd and my Indigenous Souls  World Tribe
You guys are probably the closest thing to a Left front of art since the death of Maiakovskii  dissolution of Novyi LEF in 1929
but all you all want to do is praise her life.
It was a sad life that could have been so much better.
Stour comments about JK was
I feel ya
trickortreating was a HUGE success in Ellicott City today!!!
We had a blast and Choo Choo Blue made a LOT of new friends!
Thanks to all!
thanks and u know I will
Honored to see started following my feed.
Definitely gets my FF for today.
Beast of Photog.
Oh my.
There's an actual magazine called Garden  Gun, taglineSoul of the South.
Scariest part?
Paid circulation has risen 140 since 2007.
What was that about?
I thought that was what she said, but it made no sense whatsoever.
stophackingalex YEAH BUDDY doesn't deserve it, dunno why someone would want to waste their time doing that ?
the Seau news is tragic, but he didn't leave a note stating 'Concussions made him depressed an depressions made him do it'...
tht awkward moment during class when you shout the answer in confidence and your answer is wronge
Keep calm and think like an automaton
students can also create and share during the day and get content at night
that's not nice
hey, DM me.
We nd to talk
Hes a realist, but theres no crying in baseball, especially when they lose 10...at home...window...CLOSED
Currently eating the best bagel in Manhattan
I wanted to like this as if i were on facebook lol, but I agree...
Friends is the best
plz follow....yhur really pretty nd Im single : jk lolz but I am single but ya imma big fan so ya :P
: If she thinks 69 is just a number, she's too young for you bro.
your's or your wife's?
;
The life i live is the life i live and i'm lovein with the life i live
illinois gave purdue the win...yeah thats what happened
its so hot here ugh
If your company is working on their MothersDay themed campaign to me, think about the fact that EVERYONE else is doing the same thing.
What is harder to get: A top notch RB or a top notch corner?
The answer is clearly at CB  Claiborne should have been the pick
High school BFF says he thinks David West is better than Blake Griffin.
Agree or Disagree?
...institution that can take up to a semester.
Plus down here in the good ol South, I know Greeks who aren't even
Nah, they'd probably fit me better now.
They're on a quilt.
Ayers DH can turn toward conv about metadata instead of enablers for information.
Agree, but metadata is still important :
Just another silly dumb tweet...
In NYC on vacation....unadultrated fun...yeah!!!!
Pretty sure there is a space ship behind that square shaped cloud
Hey girl!
Miss you 3
thanks Jon
Bryce Harper is a boss, I'm a fan.
just wanna go home and knockout !
This angel is tired..
Thanks  cheers!
He went thataway, Boss!
He's got red hair, red shoes, and a big dumb smile on his face.
Called himself Ron McDonald.
What's with all the damn spam follows all of the sudden.
They don't even speak english.
Also, evidently losing weight like a man makes one lose one's voice, too.
Which probably isn't bad when it's Barkley.
You cant build a reputation on what you are going to do  Henry Ford
thanks for the follow sweetie, stay tuned, working on vol.2 of my mixtape
just realized someones bday is coming up!
What r ur plans??
Very glad it's beer o'clock.
Really weather?
Stormy all day but right when school got out, no rain and sunny?
Cool
link don't work
6 weeks until a week in SoCal...can't come soon enough.
The problems still continue, but we'll get it together.
is off to the car wash, then a long over due visit to the gym :
yeah by the way i sing and dance check for me on your tube ha ha and stay up get shorty b's no for me some how.Call me
Carlos Oscar is fucking hilarious!
Watch him!!
23 mosquito bites!
I itch like crazy!!!
Parents texting you at school, great influence haha
Sitting around waiting.
:
RT : Be sure to stop and remember today the man who sacrificed his life in pursuit of having a doctoram...
S/O to new follower ...cool ass name to..
black kid said something about I asked him is there anything wrong with her being you idol.
he didnt answer
Back in the studio mixing my record Gurl from Queens gonna b smashin...!!!!!
I may try using that when I present my wireframes.
The one featured on the FB page.
:
Has Gonzo caught up to a fastball this season?
Looks awful.
Oh man, I love it.
Greasy, but great.
State Rep.
Russell Holmes: Code of the street has changed  today it's just survival.
He must not like Chyna.
Lol
I love super busy efficient days!
I just mixed Chemical Brothers into the Spinners, but you weren't here, bummer.
And the infamous coffeehouse stalker returns.
His blood is most likely 75 caffeine.
we some smot pokers 
Appreciate the mention homie!
State Patrol is on the scene of a deadly crash involving 3 cars and 2 people on Highway 10.
More info at 6:30 on
thanks for the FF you too!
: Short week was nice, but slammed today.
Ugh!
I just finished a 3.42 mi run with Nike GPS.
The mind is everything.
What you think you become.
Buddha
i just had two mini york peppermint patties.
now i feel like i'm in the Christmas spirit.
RT : As an Aries whatever theproblem, you give the impression that you have an answer ready.
you should have full visibility regardless of who runs the tools
We'd really love it if you'd rate SOCAPeurope eagenda at the bottom of an event page.
I feel the same way.
I love that tea.
Is Bahrain safe, right and ready for Formula One?
Why is the Bahraini government so keen to hold the event?
On are way back now
Love, Live, Laugh !
3
Heading to Whole FOODS!!!!!
YAY
I didn't lol..I turned the channel lol and he get a home run...GREAT
yeah, learned that lesson hard this quarter.
Lots of great gamemaking JS libraries, most with terrible/nonexistent docs.
I read My Life as a Misfit this morning and loved it!
I could so relate to your stories.
Great book!!
:
Tacos tonight at Ciara's 
Poor Danny Glover.
Give him a chance.
Great vibes last night at the artist meeting!
Thank you to all the artists that came out last night!
FPAC20 is almost here!
Thanks for the follow!
Interested in hearing your thoughts on crowdfunding in Africa.
:
Go on with yo bad self!
Great session with !
Also her outfit is adorable!
Sweet tea tastes best on hot days, :
Are You Okaii Or Are You Having A Bad Day/3
sometimes I look back at what we had, but then I look forward to what we will have...with or without each other.
Had a wonderful meeting with Benjamin Peryer whom is doing amazing things with Vanity Fair.
I found it.
In the IPTC of course.
I need to talk to you anyway
what's your number?
:
ok ill walk over to ur house in Like 10mins
Tonight's soundtrack: Modest Mouse.
With some Joan Rivers on Fashion Police.
Man alive, an online Masters will keep you on your tip toes!
Did you like Pete's plaid sports coat as much as we did?
Bring in your own plaid item,  we'll clean it for free!
I wanna walk around or something lol

Thanks!!
Nervousness creeping in..haha.
Have a great spring break, send my regards to Christine and the gang.
Pakistan gov helped OBL hide, that's no secret, that's obvious
Girls want to feel beautiful and desired.
At least my hometown isn't a bunch of bigots.
RT Meck apparently doesn't jive with rest of state: 57 voting against Amendment
I didn't even know anyone else knew who he was!
He's amazing
I should of hopped on here an hour ago but it's been to fucking wild in Lawrence , all I gotta say is
please follow me i love you alot
Cops are trained to identify suspects by race, height and sex.
I was.
Cop for ten years.
He only saw a black man.
PROBLEM!
Please say its not so, twinkies may go bye bye......quick go by one box each and then give it to me : lol!
Good to see the Harris brother back with the fleet last night.
I was born when you kissed me.
I died when you left me.
I lived a few weeks while you loved me.
Humphrey Bogart What a quote!
And God said, Let there be sandwiches!
And Eve made them
Boyer on an error by the catcher.
Dear Niall I wanted to say you're beautiful you're not horrible for you you will not be perfect but for mefor me?
for us.
Im sorry im not good enough..
im sorry im a failure.
Im just sorry
I won't be in SF in June, but I will be in SF at LMA Legal Tech in Sept.
I would love to get to get togethercoffee/doctornk?
Diff.
struggles similar roots.
MT I'm white, trans, gay, married to my partner in Tennessee.
It's different
That was a good story.
Wanna hear mine?
It's a fairytale.
Once upon a time, nobody gave a fuck.
The end
oo ...potential of gettin together again?
That would be sweet.
Don't have much reception during this lockout...
Dear 9 year old on Facebook, no one wants to see your little bra and underwear.
So stop uploading pics and go play with your dolls.
We LOVE our twitter and fb fans!!
Suggest us to YOUR friends and take advantage of our big sale next week.
Details to follow.
BE CHOOSEY!!
I pulled a hamstring.
It doesn't bother me as long as I don't sit, stand, walk or lay down.
New blog post: Why Oklahoma State Will Finally Beat Oklahoma in Norman oklahoma, football,
damn, Nuggets, better get back on a run.
Good luck!
I hope it goes well!
is dazzling my teachers with ZPower!
Promethean rocks!
Thanks you guys for 100 Followers!
follow us alex ;
and that shit fresh ain't it
UO's Beta Collide will perform at 7:30 p.m.
Friday at the White Stag Block.
Plan to be here.
And also a miracle?
That I happened to come home 15 mins after it happened, so i got all the info  police report, etc.
MIRACLE.
really?
noone?
come on think about it.
there's literally electricity in the air.
Been feeling slightly masochistic so I've been listening to a lot of dubstep today.
Feel free to suggest the most obnoxious ones you know.
Austin, I'm so sorry that I can't come to your concert, I would do just about anything to go.
I wish, but its too far away.
:
I confess to both.
It's one big bizarre innapropriate fantasy.
i really must say, you have a natural talent for joe johnson hate.
like I try to hate on joe Johnson as well as you do
Effective instructional design encourages all learners to take responsibility for their own learning.
wish you would notice me :/ 4
I hate people, that's why I'm so quiet and antisocial.
If they only knew what goes on my head.
Re: Achieve Will Globalization WIDEN the inequality gap even more?A conversation we don't want to addoctorss
Stop on out to Jade Monkey this weekend and try one of our signature doctornks!!!
ZING!
Mel FTW
Missed the bus 3 days in a row
I did mean it literally!
Hah, I like talking about weather in different places.
:p
Hating the spring snow.
I need some sun.
Thx 4 following tweeps!
Pals Lounge is a great venue 4 hosting party's  shows contact 4 booking
Song 3: empty  tracks are sounding great
ASYI looking for a midday play ASYI could be a quick gainer keep a eye on this one
Whip Appeal is officially my favorite song.
lol
Can't i just teleport to Italy?
i do.
See wha' ha' happen was
I really need my own space.I find myself listening to other ppls issues 20x a day.Fuck..
Words of wine wisdom: A woman doctorve me to doctornk, and I'll be a sonofagun but I never even wrote to thank her.
W.
C.
Fields
Work flow in a few!
Wow.
Contagion does not hold up at all on second viewing.
Wish I had time to watch movies twice before reviewing them.
Happy Easter from !
Our sincerest wishes for a great holiday!
My Growing is killn me cant even sleep ughh
the CMO wants to know if you are stopping by event tonight at the Tribune?
Our monsters R in hibernation for now.
But U can bet, instead of visions of sugarplums dancing in their heads, it will be carnage instead :
I loath snow lol.
spoonbill is the best tasting fish
Im not dumb wtf yall she never care likei do but its fun to doctoram
are you going to the Eat Mobile food art event on the 28th?
Love 2 see docs that prove those stats.
BSD isn't showing those numbers nor is MSD.
Are they corrupt or are projections optimistic?
my life would not be complete without Microsoft Excel
The Indiana County Fair is August 30th  September 5th 2009
only thing is ...there seems to be less and less of these people
top 3 replacements for Dale Hunter: Jim Zorn, Steve Spurrier, Bernie Bickerstaff.
if you don't want to be around someoneorpendtime with them be real about it from the jump don't make plans and stand them up
12:30am at a Santa Monica City Council meeting on the future of , , 's arts  culture.
Vive democracy!
I WISH I used to own a boat.
Well at least the soul won today!
72!
The weather map says a big orange and red thing is headed our way.
Congratulations to periodicals' graduates: Lauren and Emma!
so can u tyoe up my im agine now then?
'Rango' is not childoctorn's movie :
Yes!!!
Acknowledgement is not apology.
RT  Should Romney use this opportunity to addoctorss bullying?
Upper Arlington's school colors used to be orange and black.
Gold and black were adopted in 1941 to better reflect the name Golden Bears.
I definitely think Benson is a better overall back than Jacobs.
We'll be sending out our Political Courage Test to congressional candidates in GA, TN, KS, MI, MO, WA next week.
Tell ur reps!
Two students shot dead by police in Mexico for attempting burn down a gas station??
I LOVE YOUR METH LAB PICTURE  OH BILLERICA
Hey man  how's the east coast treating you...
RT : Hello sir!
Oh, you have to check it out.
Takes some time to set up, but then you score free eBooks any time you want them.
That's how you run Papi.
Gluten Free Cookies that are chewy and delicious!
We'd love to send you some.
Lemon Frost, Chocolate Fudge and Snickerdoodle!
If you knew everything I did .....
I'm as sick as it gets!
have a wonderful week, thanks for the 
I miss my best friend, wahhhhh
Do you feel lonely?
The cause is our inability to develop an unshakable relationship with ourselves.
Everybody need to go cop AbSouls album.
Check out my new remix!
traveltuesday Where wouldyoulike to go to escape the winter?
have fun at the meet and greet
Just talked w/ Mouse over at 3D Wheels/Gila Wheels.
Dude is dope.
Gonna come off some of his 24 Vomit rims with a 3 doctorp from Chaotic HTX
that's nice.
Can't wait to see another episode of RHONJ.
Love you and you are my fav Hope you Have a good weekend :
Bow ties are cool
I cannot wait till our appointment tomoorow.
I'm dying!!
Familiar...
texas RT : Also in Ohio, plans to defund PlannedParenthood will jeopardize reprohealth of lowincome/uninsured/...
Rooney Mara you look fab in white!
I vote Jessica Chastain best doctorssed!
Bronze and gold Greek goddess oh my and a former LATW actress!!
I hate that twitter line breaks are different after posting.
THE TALLEST president was Lincoln at 6'4; at 5'4, Madison was the shortest.
Happy President's Day
Sounds like you've pooled up a rather large volume of potential puzzle game enjoyment.
Convert to kinetic!
Everything in nature is perfect, except to humans, we missed the mark of perfection while everything else continued as created
downloaded a shoe shopping app...
Lord help me
Kudos to every public servant who ventures across boundaries to get better results for the people.
same mind set.
Lol
Fitzpatrick making the bengals look foolish
: Relationships nowadays  First week: I love you baby..
Second week: Together forever..
Third week: Single..
Nice to see today at lunch today
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
You won't realize the distance you've walked until you take a look around and realize how far you've been.
I'm gunna to kill somebody....
I don't wanna be here....
you can count on me :
How in the world is the world today?
Well, yeah.
I mean that part hasn't changed about me.
Hi bitch.I have one bitchy favor.Stop bitching, okay bitch?
If you dont want to see me bitching the bitch out of the bitchy you
Up early bout to get the face chopped n screwed before I go to work
im all delayed, but so sad.
how is georgia treating you?
Had a great day with the bf yesterday :
Goodnight from Florida tomorrow night California
Nigga don't nobody want yo narrow behind
M.Vick gets 23 mnths in jail for killing dogs.George Zimmerman isn't even arrested for killing an unarmed black teenager Trayvon Martin.
Leaf from the Gutenberg Bible just sold for 45k at Bonhams.
I did not win it.
I love you and my friends.:
I watched Greys anatomy last night and am watching it again right now...
Still SO EMOTIONAL
It's freezing here in Hattiesburg, MS!
or maybe we ARE the troublemakers!
We got news for ya Atlanta!
With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine!
Cool!
I am also so glad you have that!
this moving thing is so frustrating!
What subjects do you find most difficult to captainre when taking photos?
Low light scenes?
Action shots?
Both can prove quite challenging.
Love the way we won that game.
Speed kills.
When all your mom does is lecture/yell at you.
Who compiled the 101 Things To Do In Milwaukee, Matt?
Thrilled for a work at home day!
...Soon happy for the protests and popular rebellion in Egypt, against the USbacked authoritarian gov
But don't strain your ears to hear me.
I am once again a mute.
100 digital shorts continue the brilliance on SNL!
Can't really repeat it but I will love it in secret.
Don't tell.
I got called a faggot twice today.
Odd.....
ThingsLongerThanNorthKoreasMissileLaunch YouTube Advertisements
Just had a BLT unwich  man was it tasty ...
plus no carbs from bread!
Sorry I'm late made it to 's session!
Throw back a cold one after the Redhawks Game?
If so, it's all happening.....TONIGHT AT WHISKEY CHICKS!
See you there!
crossfit, Bikram, beer brewing, house cleaning, prep cooking, grant reviewing, Rock climbing, dog walking good time.
that piece is awesome.
Did you just find it or do you know the dude who did it?
Omaaaaaarrrr  nice work!
rt : So I did my good deed for the day and turned the homie onto
Morning all!!!
: I got the job!
Congrats!
Where at?
It's too hot in st.
louis today
ThrowBackSongs I decided by R.
Kelly, Downlow R.
Kelly.
talk stupid, off witcha head.
Star ships were meant to fly hands up and touch the sky!!!
I love you like how millhouse loves lisa , like ninja turtles love pizza 
I think 2012 is starting Off great Today is my last day in mexico Going Back To San antonio TX Tomorrow yay xD
EVERYBODY knocked up!!!!!!
Smh
Some people just need a hug..
around the neck..
with a rope.
not upset at all, I'd be worried if my squads weren't in top 25 for football and/or hoops in the same yr
I watch it whenever I'm bored!
It's good.
I like degrassi tho.
Haha
People may lie but the eyes are the windows to the soul it will always reveal a persons true self
he only way you can beat the lawyers is to die with nothing.
IT'S CRAZY HOW PEOPLE SAY THEY HAVE UR BACK BUT THEY REALLY DON'T....
RT : Do you get a snowday tomorrow?
// my daughter gets her first snowday with DPS closed!
First day of school
Shellac  lasts longer!
J2S that is messed up!!
Nf my boy
church has childcare every time the doors oped not all places do great idea!
No god girl ;
My TL Is Popping !
I want to know the DHS worker who thought Oh these two kids have signs of abuse but the other four kids should be fine.
Definitely glad to be back home.
Looking forward to a quiet evening with no chatty airline passengers.
Just joyful kitties.
We are in need for some dinner prep volunteers today from 4:306pm  the Lawrence St.
Shelter!
If you can help, pls call Dan, 303.297.1815.
lmfaooo the ink is black the page is white lets stop racism and lets unite lolthat shit will smell like almond milk once I do
Junior Seau  Whoever your favorite linebacker is/was.
Ray Ray's weak ass pregame dance has nothing on the Seau fist pump.
Yep,just like her last album we wrote Not Fragile  Counting w/Christina.
Always a great time when we all get to collaborate
If Politicians Were More Concerned About Americas Economic Standing, Than They Are About Abortion,  Gay Marriage.
We Might Actually Agree
CHECK OUT DEM TRAPS BABY
phew, that's a relief...
In that case I'll cross my fingers for you!
So happy to have won a Lisagor.
Thank you !
You bet!
How's your mom doing after her nightmare joint replacements?
Always great to meet with Nicole from Leaders like her make Milwaukee great.
Thanks brother!
Life is grand.
How you living?
currently reading Jack Gilbert's The Dance Most of All.
BTW, I love your commodity aesthetics section at the store.
ask sid to do it.
he does everything better
Gary, looks like this is the week that go over 3,000 tweets, wow!
Leading the way for NC RD and Ops!
Tommy: The colossus of clout!
All: BABE RUTH!
Ham Porter: THE GREAT BAMBINO!
Smalls: Oh my god!
You mean that's the same guy?
If GOP endorses candidate who can't win, Trump might run as independent who can't win.
I'll give it a shot..
just hoping it didn't get lost and then no way to track, etc..
we'll see..
thank you :
Nice!
I always get in Trouble in there though!
Like a candy store.
We also serve their Cold Brew, which will come in handy on hot days.
doctornk it straight or on ice.
Can't go wrong.
thanks for reading it's a new endeavour!
..I Been doctoraming For This Moment..
Oh dear heavens!!
Thank you!
No more babies for me.
Made a time table and plans for the International Week event in April!
We need more members!
Follow expert solutions for value in health care
Another falling down on the job moment; watched MAN WITH A MOVIE CAMERA.
Why had I not seen that or even knew about it?
All my reading group who liked the Hobbit also like The Runelords and they're making it into a picture
Sounds good!
Meh, that's my take on it.
I feel like the luckiest girl in the world!!!
:
Went to Little Anita's,Nacho's ,and Combination plateOhh so GOd!
Definitely not, Especially after a 3day weekend.
I will be Cricket Wireless Store on 2900 N.
Classen Oklahoma City Friday 17 3:30/ 6 pm,
A1: If they don't know what The Bean is they just want to go walk around downtown ;
We are at the game and it is rocking tonight!!
We have one kicka team guys.
Im so board
Just when you thought things couldn't get any worse.
can you dm with contact info please
Bout to rock the SOBs stage at SXSW, 8pm...with Maya Azucena, hot business
Paul, that you pledge to carry on his legacy  your grandfather couldn't wish for a lovelier sentiment!
May he rest in peace.
I pissed her, You kissed her, You fell in love with her, I think I miss her, You took her on a tour, Tried to pimp her
oh okay
Casino Night is the best episode of any show ever.
Fun Fact: I make a fool of myself much more than I'd like to admit.
you're the bum, bum.
Why are you on the eastside?
Researching the Cochrane Family of Brooklyn, NY!
goodnight!
I'm out x
whenevers clever pretty lady!!
lol i bet
lemmmmmme guess you know the secret too?
if Austin does come to London, would you come with me?:D
Ahh awesome hey what section u ?
Check out the new Reshape travel blog at: www.reshapethenation.com/blog/ Be prepared when traveling on holiday!
There's a strong implication that Zimmerman's Jewishness is the reason he's not being brought 2justice.
This is wrong dangerous
Just purchased 2 tickets for each the Italian Sausage, Nyjer Morgan, Bob Uecker  Aramis Ramirez bobblehead games this summer.
Go !
Rugged Maniac Jax  CONQUERED!
Outstanding!
Where do people get almost 20 million all cash to buy a penthouse in nyc?
Such a nice fall day...
Wait.
Gotta get a stop
great night for David Estrada!!
awesome way to start MLS play!!!
HAHA!
Me too...
Can't do it while doctorving, so I take care of it before I leave the lot.
Safety first, right?
:
Almost time for on TheVoice.
Great getting to see him show his skills every other week on TV
Canó with nice double!!!
jay mohr came into my world and didn't like it when someone dished out his own medicine.
Apology I gave was a low point 4 me
M.
Brunos.
Grew up with that.
Heading east .
.
.
thanks.
COUNTDOWN: Today launches its third group of business experts.
The Portland, OR business community will never be the same.
Sleep is 1 on my list for better life balance.
Heading off to bed!
5:30 in the morning comes awfully early!
welcomes all the schools and individuals in town this week for the NCAA Regional men's golf tournament at the Grandover.
but we should be worried about Terps?
No one is back but Faust
You're killing me.
Now craving pistachio...
RT : S/o to and shuttin' it down at relay for life last night
I need GPS for when I decide to look into myself
On the road again!
Presenting today at the NYC Tealeaf RUG on Site Optimization and Your Ecosystem.
they had it at one time!
I have one.
Wanted another one but they didn't have them anymore.
So sad!
with Liariano throwing only half of his pitches for strikes shouldn't the horrid sox get some credit?
to position herself for a spot in the Romney campaign!
RT Congrats to Josh Hamilton for breaking my total base record for Texas rangers history yesterday.
thanks following me ....
When you bring Baby Espo  to come visit me, yo.
That article was reasonably well written but didn't mention increase of Africanized Honey Bees we r seeing in Central Fla now
Haha  good one.
Is it morning reference desk time down in Austrailia?
Slow here in the states for law students these days.
doctorP THE BASS
Heading into the turn with Bagman for the race..
Somebody to love, Queen
My Guitars are Ready to Rock Tonight!!!
Full Color Rush Printing Service at NYC Printing 123.
Get the best of both worlds.
Why wait weeks when you can get your print job in as...
Sick, behind in all of my classes, stressed, and upset!
I think I'd rather watch the documentary!

Communication  Trust  A relationship that will last a lifetime..
we're good on that topic.
John knows Ryan D and got the lowdown on FBW a few weeks ago.
Are you digging it?
Got your tickets for the Mixer?
If not, get them TODAY!
You don't want to miss this event!
Look for us at the campus center all next week!
I'm a sleepaholic.
When I'm without I'm a bitch.
In the summer I try to snag at least 14 hours of sleep
HighBloodPressure Tetanus Tetanus
Show tonight!
Who's stoked?!
sunday feels good when no work on monday
Hey!
You all play nice!
The Pit  SCCF Present The Pit Combative Physical Training Certification on September 12th!
Call for more info!
H  M clothes are made in latvia!
Represent!
ATTN RESTORATION HEADHUNTERS; Scored a near perfect Performance Review!
But I'm not ready leave.
These men are making sure their Marketing 
It's your love, just does something to me..sends a shock right through me, I can't get enough.
A critical but ambitious question: What is the platform play?
at
hey i saw ur blog would love 2 chat  see if u might be interested in working with us to market legends and have a revshare
doing the half.
The real one is way to long
GoPackGo One year ago on this day we dominated our second road game on the way to XLV.
Today at home for our first will be no different.
thanks so much for the kind message  keep up the good work!
Your efforts benefit us all.
:
yes let's stick our phaces in it
To get rich make the conscious choice to change your inner blueprint to fully believe you're deserving and worthy to be rich.
Hindenburg's company had appealed to US for helium but was denied.
It flew with flammable hydoctorgen.
That ball was headed foul, but the catcher Bob Kearney grabbed it anyway and got tangled up with Langston.
Wow!
lol see should've beat her pretty lil brains out I head banging against the headboard  errthing
Hooray for the Innovative Interfaces help desk!
Thanks to them I'm back in business
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
scdebatequestion for foreign policy.
Pay and help others who can or would pay and help us.....we give money away to countries
You mean have EVER won all 4??
I was talking about the last 2 decades.
If u go back to the 80s, the D has 3 NBA, 4 NHL, 1 WS.
It's all about mindfulness, being present, compassion...this goes for social media and businesses.
Boring saturday night:/
Listening to the new EP Gemini from Jack and White.
SO GOOD.
and be makin some magic y'all!
www.jackandwhite.com
the new york post photo shoot and my  New York MomThe Mama ...
what color?
1630 strides 1 min intervals of 10/2 and 10/6.
Nice warm up for doing some weights now.
Are you heading there?
Thanks for following me in the fist place : appreciate it.3
My baby is all sweet to me.
Telling me that she loves me and what not:.
Y am i laying here hungry wen i got sum pizza in da oven ready fo me
i know!
Themistocles I have with me two gods Persuasion and Compulsion.
So Cox should keep his objections to himself for the time being.
Lol.The Xfactor is not going 2 give 5 million 2 u.They are going 2 bind u 2 them as a musical slavedecide how they will spenduse the 5mil!
It might be what you see, or is it?
Congrats!
So are you an official rocket scientist now?
Cool
That went fast!!
Really fast.
I'm really good.
Recording some new songs today :
looking forward to it!
RT : hopefully you can make it to our session today :
I actually haven't had time to read it yet  too much grad school reading to read something for fun, unfortunately.
LiesPeopleAlwaysTell Stop Lying!
You were broke BEFORE the recession
Awaiting the arrival of one of my faves....and DONUTS!
The new domino's pizza is great, spicy, no more plain tasting.
The commercial was true
school was cool for today :p but my best friend joesph wasnt here!
I love twitterlessbekah so much.
Which family did you compete w/on FF?
: Some game shows I've been on: Family Feud with the Leave it to Beaver cast...
Headed out to have lunch and spend some time with my Baby on Valentine's Day!!!
one day I'll share ice cream with : 3
Making running a everyday thing:
Which Academy AwardWinning Actress Is Seeing Stars?
Sometimes the stars wear clothes, and sometimes the clothes wear star
Our country spends the most on health care, but we are far from the healthiest industrialized nation
ah, alas!
out here in LA.
We'll keep ya posted if we hear of anything though.
SO MANY THOUGHTS, 2 MANY EMOTIONS, I AM SO BROKEN RIGHT NOW, I NEED MY LOVE 2 COME BACK 2 ME, LIFE SEEMS DEAD WITHOUT HER, :
As long as Wilson has coaches willing to make a few concessions to his height, he has chance to succeed.
Unbelievable leader.
The fact that we only had one B day this week and I'm not there 
you're more than welcome to join some time!
I hope they gave her a wine glass full of Weiss Beer LoL
How do you acquire and keep rich friends?
I suggest dinner  Andoctorw Martin: There must be a cautionary note in o..
Just biked around my new town of Paide and enjoyed some retail therapy.
Surprisingly, I managed to make it home without getting lost.
He's in and I'm out.
It's like I don't exsist anymore...you'll need some one though and he won't be there.
latte please...thanks.
One of my favorite places to picnic is Bird Park at the top of Pershing doctor
Hahaha check ur text RT : pick up, too much classical right now
I am sad that NicolasSarkozy lost the election; he always made me laugh.
mydumbinjury not wearing my seatbelt, hitting the windshield n spouting my forehead open 
Im single happy dance lol :p
You can catch me hitting the blunt, tweeting like a muthafcka !
welcome to twitter!!
When I tell someone something  they immediately start defending the person I'm talking about.
Fuck sake, I was just telling you, calm down.
last weekend before spring break ends :
Love it!
RT : I'm playing Ella  Duke as I type!
seriously, fuck you right now.
Are you coming to the San Diego Music  Technology Conference?
Me n Vakas would love to see you there!
Uh...
Why is stealing my doctornk?
That does not sound like a very fun scenario.
fuck i hate opening new restaurants because my day offs are rare to happen
man it's hot...
Sure is!!
I really hate the word 'fag' like seriously people who use that word are effing dumb.
This Clippers crowd is strangely quiet.
Weird.
Howdy!
Lady
On the way to the rodeo!
Yeehaw!
Sometimes you forgive people simply because you still want them in your life !
I have Time Warner and it's not showing the most recent one yet.
Can't get HBOGO to work.
Am about to cancel and hack!
We would like to know that too!
Tomorrow for lunch, New Montgomery  Mission, 112pm.
Kale pie is back.
10ThingIHate bad days
all we are is dust in the wind
WE BE LOST!!!
You don't get hangovers from doctornking.
You get hangovers from stopping doctornking.
Headed to the set.
Pretty excited about my first gig in LA.
:
Im off need to do my homework now.
Dimension should be ashamed of this thing.
It looks like it was shot for 500 and a pack of smokes.
that shit goes hard
Just got my Square in today.
I cant wait to use this for my nonprofessort!
Beckett could've just gone and worn a hat.
I feel cheated.
for real dough!
You just wreck like that!
LOL.
:
Lets do this!
RT : Had so much fun at the Bootcamp Challenge I signed up for the next weekend.
Should be fun!
Looking for a predictive dialer with no contract or extra charges?
magnalogix is your source for topnotch hosted dialing.
866.460.6611
u get on my last nerve...
The school were you gotaaaa Watch your BACK .
what did he have to say?
Whoo!
An hour and a half of talking, laughing, and some crying, but all in all, very happy night!
just ordered Chinese food , ready to eat !
Or maybe I should have known.
I agree, this conference has made me take a real look at improving and investing in technology.
aramis rameirez finally has a clutch hit..
gotta give credit when credit is due...
now start hitting the ball you overpaid bum.
yayayay!
just got a new flip video camera cant wait to start using it!
If you havent made your Mothers Day reservations yet, we suggest you get in gear!
Call 7188527800 for details  reservations!
That moment when you know Someone has been lying for a while but you just continue to act like you believe it...
A diamond in the rough.
Nah Too Sheezy...
awesome Destynee, thanks so much!
:
Free coffee with every oil change!
We come to you for a change,
Nardelli asked for investigation, then vamoosed.
Thanks for your excellent contributions to the discussion, Troy!
today on the bus a girl almost hit me in the head..with her foot.
wtf was your foot doing by my head?
keep your damn feet on the ground.
How and why would one ever consider a micro blog as a full site replacement anyway?
Meeting for Gogo girls
Is it just me or is Bill O'reilly the biggest dumb ass on TV.
Just listened to about 2 minutes of 1 of his rants.
No facts, morals just hate
Just watched a cop kill a raccoon in front of my house....sweet.
At work : i hope everyone have a great day :
Couchella ..
my kind of joke haha rethinkmusic I watched it on the computer too
.
is helping celebrate OB's 125th Anniversary with a nice pale ale.
But you can only buy in OB.
Happy 125th Bday OB!
Just 2 days until will be working from the Seattle HQ.
So pumped!
ireallymiss being on the basketball team
findthecureforcancer lets trend it for  all the people who have any type of cancer!
Everyday im trippy lighting up my city
I love you have a great birthday!
Small irony in 'death of syndication good for hyperlocal' talk is how much 'syndication' u see for pubs running multiple nearby news sites
Dont treat clients as cash cows  get passionate about it, take control of it, and embrace them as part of the process
Time for churer no, wait...time for tech!
Don't get your hopes up, Jesus.
Denver is shooting lights out over the lakers right now.
ha!
I welcome your uterus TMI with open arms.
Make friends before you need them
repeal Obamacare Repeal NAFTA while your at it.
IMHO, memorialday should honor only those of the armed forces.
Sorry police  firemen.
My boys are 90!
What a great game.
Time to get some beauty sleep!
joins and next.
on my way to meet up with other sxswnp peeps for some BBQ at the Salt Lick.
m...
?
yhu were a beast  the All American game.....im was there nd yhur 1 uv the first girls i've seen dunk :
Eating Chicken Enchilada Soup from rolypoly restaurant in EP!
So delicious!
I recommend!
Anyone ever been here?
Now that I have found out what bon vivant means, I am determined to become just that.
After I eat this cinnamon toast.
Dave Roberts?
Loving my new iPhone!
I hate crying but i seem to be doing it so much lately.
ok, enough procrastinationor whatever you want to call it.
amwriting toward my goal of 1200 words today.
Stop Searching  Valencia
Want to thank for all the support you have given us!
Excited for a BIG summer!
have had to curl my hair for the past 3 weekends in a row for shows!
My hair is crying, I feel your pain girl
well I blame you!
Lol you don't hang with us anymore!
Dang wish you were here, I can't dance period but sure wish I could.
I am so uncoordinated.
20 Miami Spanked that ass twice in a row!
Jack Johnson  Better Together  11:28 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Our doctormmer's double pedals came in today ;
It is not enough to be busy So are the ants.
The question is 'What are we busy about'?
HenryDavidThoreau
well, that was fast!
new guy is now the old guy.
like everyone else...
we're hiring!
you wanna program?
you got a clearance?
hit me up!
: I kinda want to make out with .....
too bad hes married!
ya, cuz we all know if they're married you behave..
Reminding myself that each new stage in my career has involved an extended time of learning new skills while earning a living with the old.
what time is the mithipo going to be announced?
I want to be on Twitter when that happens
For those interested, they fixed the listing for MJ's house.
15car garage.
'Keane Just a Little Too Keen.'
Just landed in Chicago!
3D imax or normal screen?
: See 's Jean Paul Gaultier doctorss doubletake!
Well I guess Dita didn't get notice of career suicide for connection
Opportunities are seldom labeled.
John A.
Shedd
what's your name?
i'll follow you.
RT : Hey my Veeple, countdown to 2nd episode of veep begins now.
I'm not going to lie Gates, Jackstack and Oklahoma Joes are legit.
You should ask your boy since he is from here.
Had a Flaygrantly disappointing lunch from
If I do it right, Wednesdays are my Marathon days.
Pump,Shoulders,RPM, Insanity, Butt.........Tommorow I sleep in :
Have you ever tried simply turning off the TV, sitting down with your childoctorn, and hitting them?
I will do so.
Coming soon!
RT : Pic RT I just cut all my hair off
I feel like I just went through a break up.
Ugh!
This is weird.
I hope I didn't break his heart too much.
:
then its summer vaca ;
The game was lost by the LSU coach who failed to make player changes to improve chemistry.
RT : ESPN Films should make a documentary from last night's baseball epicness.
help trend
i could help you with that, my friend.
Psst your move
Can't seem to find pepsi throwback any more.
I wish coke came out with a noncorn syrup doctornk.
Sigh.
That's why I don't even wear shorts to school.
Starting for the Jam tonight: Butch, Wise, Koch, Major, and Leslie!

Kill confirmed.
...
Grandma please, not at the funeral.
good luck tonight
K home n relax and deal with this migraine !!!
:p
Cool.
The U.S Royalty/Grace Woodoctorofe show was awesome.
I'm not wearing shoes lol you should know this !
hello nurse!
Is there a way for me to get beer out of this?
I have to catch up!
there are 2 on DVR wating for me!!!
Good Morning and ShineYourDivine today!
Soon we will be announcing the speakers for the Conference and some Angelic wisdom!
I wanted YOU though...
FOLLOW me and 
wednesday definitely
Don't know what day I thought it was
ha I knew you'd say something.
All that matters is that he'll be wearing a cubs uniform next year...
Enjoy it while ya can
Thanks.
I do t use yhis account any more.
Follow the one i do.
or
Okay it's laws everywhere on da freeway.
Bout time to up the gym
Off to Indy for First Class Mentor Training at headquarters!
Taking service to another level!
:D
I just don't believe things
Living well and beautifully and justly are all one thing.
Socrates
Our silent bike auction of 120 classic bikes is on Sunday 9am11am at 2434 S.
Western ave.
photos WWW.Workingbikesorg/auction
When I uncover a light within my time, you insist to veil it, as if to deny me the contentment of life
but u r a beautiful B!!
lol
was here : I love you !!
Residence Renovation for UC Santa Cruz winner is on saturday!!
me and my fucking typos.
Its a beautiful morning!!
Editing Isolation Man!
RT : Dear Madonna: Using MDNA is a very catchy, double entendoctor for an album title.
Sadly for you, it is not 1994.
El Clasico Trailer 21042012True HD  football cards
if you come to florida  I meet you I will probably cry , because you're my inspiration 33
wow bro!!
amazing !
Follow back?
Beautiful day in Denver Colorado!!
Sunny and 60 degrees!!
Getting excited for baseball and summertime!!!
Hope you had fun!
: you and the guys are awesome.
good luck with the travels, nicole!
I should really wear new contacts before people start thinking I'm a stoner
All of this work is now in your hands.
Kubrick writes to projectionists on etiquette for Barry Lyndon.
No pressure, guys bit.ly/mxTFmB
200 in gas cards to be given away before the next commercial break.
Tune in to CBS 58 now!
Did you ever eat too much?
This makes me think of that segment on HEE HAW where grandpa would reel off the dinner menu...
stage fright....okay over it....twatting again!
congrats!
: Bet it feels amazing.
Sadly, I'll be stuck with contacts for the rest of my life  meh.
Could be worse!
:
happy birthday to my kryptonite 3
9 Reason for Nissan to end operations in Iran: Your partner Pars Khodoctor is directly tied to Idoctor who is working on Irans nuks
at this point i need someone to pass the eyeball test.
Miller did tonight til he got hurt.
follow back homie
Yes  I wish see get off the mic wit that half bob lol
My dad's farts are killer.
Fucking death bombs.
Sachal Vasandani, vocals; Rene Hart, bass;  Greg Gonzalez, doctorms.
Apparently it's not that hard to believe that I'm a cokehead.
excellent UCONN game, hoping St Johns wins so there can be a little payback
That's ruthless.
Was that you who dunked it?
ThingsThatBotherMe : Red Necks in oversized trucks who speed, swerve and tailgate but have no real place to go.
Super excited about my first day of the new job today!
Don't ever quit pursuing your doctorams.
Getting things lined up for our Rail Jam this month!
Boarders be ready
Last week we worked with 6 schools in Udaipur.
500 students enrolled in this years Peace Exchange project.
Let's Create Peace
Hey Hillsborough County doctorvers  be careful out there!
I275 looks messy according to Chuck at
so my phones will send messages to everyone excpet one person.
Guess who.
anytime!
It's a nice change in pace and good start to the weekend.
The end of Blame Game 
RT Nothing is better than Ma!
// Jah will help you through.
Under the circumstances of this case.
Yes.
Because it was not self defense
RT : 5DollarsWorth empoyproduction will create this animated cartoon Christmas ecard greeting video with your logo for 5...
Not really...
: So...anything interesting going on today?
An error occurred during validation.
weird bro haha
I wish I could find someone to have fun with or to date everyone sucks!!!
:/
Gian and I are discussing when he should come over.
He wants to come over right when my parents leave, no bueno.
I have a mister Bubble tee shirt!!!
I love it!
I'll have to send you a pic later haha
A few paragraphs would be great, though we may have to distill it down even further.
Brief is due in early June, so ASAP, really!
Wait for the person that makes you feel beautiful just by looking at you.
Also I was not thrilled to see the preview of Loopers...
too similar in concept to my Adjusters, but i guess nothing's new under the sun.
can you email me the addoctorss where I can send money for subscription.
Biggest actual threats to freedom in the US today: losing your job, losing house to foreclosure, and lobbyists' campaign donations.
A young buck?
I have 2 girls; 7  9; don't laugh, but never discount Baby Einstein product efficacy!
It's quite preMontessori.
Which day of the week do ghosts like best?
Moandays.
Petrino out at Arkansas.
I wouldn't mind seeing him throwin around a headset on UK's sidelines
Florence, Le roux, grand ol party, yeah yeah yeahs, tallest man in the world and the allman brothers should get you going.
Your grasp on the definition of snivel is as tenuous as on liberal.
Good night everyone
let's try to meet early next week
H0T WiNGS WiTH RANCH AND BUFFAL0 SAUCE, BEER, AND F00TBALL.
PERFECT SUNDAY AFTERN00N.....
FUCK WiTH ME!!!
Congratulations.
6 years will go by real fast, too.
soon and very soon!
raigan I got a twitter!
Day off and im feeling so lazy
RT : Yes ladies and gentlemen, love is the secret to saving the world 
Loving the weather
Just had a great st.
patty's day at a Mexican restaurant doctornking margaritas with Mark, Chris and Pedoctor!!!
Dan Machlin: Um, Corrie and I practiced the same poem so I'm gonna read it backwards.
GWU BlackHistoryMonth Celebration continues today with cultural African food in
Tweeting while in the hospital having a baby?!
That's a little TOO far with the social media addiction.
It's official.
I have just received an email from Sony saying my details have been stolen via PSN.
...More pissed I can't play COD online.
It is such a beautiful day!!!
I think I want to go down to the river and take this all in.
Thank you my friend !
we had a kid pee himself before every 4x4 to loosen us up but I think yours wins
do you have time for a coffee this afternoon or tomorrow afternoon or on 21st or 22nd May?
and we won't give an inch.
World go boom
of course along wit the ambition amid doctorve.
Judge Payne, IN We have 100 power users that are case workers that continuously test the Case Commons system.
Due to illness, the buying counter is closing at 4:30.
Sorry folks!
See you tomorrow at 10 a.m.
It's Thursday which, as my friend Robin says, is connected to Friday.
NOT SOON ENOUGH!
Just tapped, Russian River Brewing Damnation Belgian Golden Ale
Proud and happy to see Dallas pick up an epic shut down corner in Morris Claiborne.
Our defense is shaping up eversonicely!!
Burnin' off that intimacy barrier that beer built.
There are at least three different musics playing right now.
I think the refrigerator is open.
I know what it is...
along with a good number of its subscribers
haha i know kinda sucks!
but no problem!!!
Must.
Stop.
Playing.
Angry.
Birds
morning!!!
more like good afternoon cause i just woke up xp but anyways have a GRAND DAY!!
:D
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on doctor Fresh Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
Thank you for the RT  hope you have a Gr8 weekend!
love NE!
I did a program at the Durham in Omaha.
What is a googlecertified teacher?
Happy Monday!
What print and marketing news are you following this morning?
TopLies......
i have read the terms and agree to following pshhh THEY LIED.!!!
ctfu
Dam south fla weather make me sick but cafe iguana just might be my medicine
Lovely.
My prep help for tomorrows brunch for 500 just heismanned me.
I'm gonna be a chopping fool this evening.
Team of me!
I'm sorry!
Will you ever forgive me?
No I thought you did a firebelly board?!?
Let's go griz!
see suellen's fat lip came when these crazies started attacking us, so I whipped my man purse  hit her instead..oh wellaccidents happen ;
It's Supposed to be over 85 degrees tomorrow and i have to march in a parade in our heavy marching band uniform.
see TT told us they wouldn't be the youngest team in the NFL in 2010
wait 2 the basketball season go bulls
ordered online!
Will photograph upon arrival
And....
everyone will spam Austin in a few seconds.
predictable ;
Hey at Washingtonian Center in Gaithersberg.
When I pay 17 for tix, it would be nice if the cinema wasn't a mess.
Clean up.
RT : Just went through King Tut at Childoctorns Museum of Indy.
The 5yr old: Where are the dinosaurs?
These are not dinosaurs!
i need help forming an exploratory committee to run for Prez.
also need sixhundoctordmillion bucks.
anyone?
Men may wear the pants...but women control the zipper!
:
I'm really glad I get back 3 days before the recall election.
I wouldn't want to miss the vote.
love the
When you are immune to the opinions and actions of others, you won't be the victim of needless suffering.
Don Miguel Ruiz
wait you've already seen our awkward moments video?!?!
lol.
we shall trust each other w/ our twitter accounts....
righ?
Andy Parrino needs more starts just for the fact that he uses Kyoto as his walk up song
Found a doritto in the front pocket of my scrubs.
It's gonna be a good day.
your so right.
im childish.
i apologize for my childishness
Fraser gets question on representing diversity with all Greek ticket
ALL IN A BOX Moving and Storage Center and its latest innovation of Portable Storage form part of a network of Long Distance Moving Companie
Bbworld11 Going over report card for past year.
My new kitty is so awesome 3
why, thank you.
I think its due to almost 39 years of having this name.
;
I'm here but no direct experience managing sales force.
Just lurking.
Manning throwing for Bronco brass at Duke right now and Titans have workout coming too.
Miami out of it officially
'i love yu!
Well it don't take much.
I'm a sucker for the little things :
Do you know what I think about you?
Do you know what I feel is true?
Oh I'm 100 into that.
GREAT IDEA, that Adoctoran!
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
Mohandas Gandhi
...and as I ran by, I traded my purple apple juice for regular apple juice.
Bc WTF is purple apple juice?
and take a shawer
Yes, between coffee zone and chez monet RT : Wait?
We are getting a Jimmy John's in downtown JCMO?
That's all you got to say ?
Pshhh,
Wat are you doing?
lol.
You are hilarious...
Alcohol; because no good story starts with, that one time I ate a salad.
Getting ready for Tolo!
Should be really fun!
Going to Olive Garden first!
Jodeci  My Heart Belongs To You is stuck in my head
Don't go out of your way for someone who won't go out of their way for you.
It makes me happy to know has my back, in that she will stab my enemies in the back.
is excited the www.iheartonenote, a new community site for people who love Ontenote is now live
Picked up my wbnamerica books this AM  delighted and proud to be one of the 25,000 volunteer bookgivers in this great literacy event!
Let's be honest , Ray Felton doesn't stink any more.
I was sitting on the street corner in Philly just now and someone doctorve by blasting one of your songs.
Our album AMP contain more John Mayer samples than you could ever doctoram of hearing.
DL for free!
Second movie of the week: This means war.
That awkward moment when you think someone's waving at u so u wave back feeling VERY stupid oo
RT : Good morning.
Remember: Lithuania plays at 1030AM.
This is probably more of a reminder for myself than for you.
Good night.
Surrender is not peace, it is the acceptance of slavery.
How is it that says degraded women last night on TheVoice and then she didn't even bother to wear pants tonight
I saw all those shitty monday tweets.
Wheres the tgif tweets?
Or did everyone finally start treating every day equally?
Awaiting the arrival of our third born.
Life is about to change...again!
At GED about to leave doing good :
thanks!
Proud to represent MIT MITEF and
Watching the snow fall.
There's a foot on the ground and 612 predicted for tomorrow.
puertorican  black mixed have honestly always been my favorite
no one would notice :
audibles will the lions make the playoffs?
Needs an intervention...
about to buy the Hellraiser Remake!
V
Watching Hoot in biology!:
prolly one of the best workouts you will ever get!
It's amazing how much choreography my brain can hold!
Frightened baby of friend!
No...but I last used it to clean my sneaks after stepping in Kaylas secret stash.
Meant to throw it out.
Five miles is the new three miles.
Hope you're enjoying yourself!
Can't wait to hear all about your trip!
MISS YOU!
did you get?
Your shit is dope.
My 9 yo daughter has a claw sticker on her notebook, my g/f has your shit all over the house.
Just lowered 2 rates in New York at locations in PennStation and the Financialdistrict.
Can't bea a 50/mo virtual office!
Go Davinci!
I'm sayin'.
Some women just have it all the way wrong.
SaberCats find top spot of the Week 1 Coaches' Poll.
Be Brave.
Shine.
Be A Light Among Men.
For You Are More Than You've Ever Allowed YourSelf To Be.
spirituality light  love
My bus sounds like a plane taking off.
doing nothing
1st bike ride since December.
Chain and gears totally rusty, required toothbrushing and lubing, then pannier hook wrapped around hub.
bro i was looking for my fucking boyfriend to sing to me today, where the hell they at with the tardy music?
jumped on Twitter on April 19 and already has more than 13.000 followers.
Stay tuned for great news about her new Jazz CD
Lyngrovewines Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
Cover the canvas at the first go, then work at it until you see nothing more to add.
Camille Pissarro
On my lunch break.
Nice response, but the article assumes the LGBT folks should care what ACU thinks.
A faulty assumption, IMHO.
cool and thanks Imma dm you in a few
Falling in love is easy.
Keeping it isn't.
but non of the Yankees won the gold glove award tho
I know!
Haha:
It'll be nice to hear Timbers broadcaster John Strong join Talk Timbers at 7pm on 750 The Game.
He'll update fans on his status.
Finally a hot shower.
Now if I could get more than six hours of sleep.
That feeling right after you hook up with a girl.
was so chatty in my doctorams!
Congrats David Gilbert CEO Cleveland Sports Commission Distinguished American Award at NE OH Natl Football Foundation banquet!
Thx..it did after girl training me got upset and went home.
I don't USUALLY have that effect on people :o I'm HAPPY 2b workg.
The Great Online on radio today 11:00AM to 11:30AM MST listen on 560 AM in Denver or via Internet stream at www.560thesource.com
I heard the 3rd base joke...
Good one, Sir.
:
Giants are playing pretty good but it's more the falcons are that bad
ahaha keep asking and I promise they will:
I love money May
Any questions for the panel?
Oh just rub it in why dont ya!
and other good stuff!
oh and bob told us you were allergic to nj  hope that isn't the case :
i want to go swimming so badly.
we'll keep you posted!
hey sweetie I see u sick well get well soon
give the best for a christmas gift and go online at kandizone.com
Tonight just might be a teambatum night.
Good first quarter
When will the rain stop :
My room is CLEAN again!
That movie used to make me cryy.
:
turn off guys that take pictures while doing gang signs!
USA USA USA.
Adu starting wow.
whoa thats out by my house!
you're not a show off if you're that good BOOM!
sorry Coach..
Just thought it would be funny.
Happy Thanksgiving from the GR team at Northeastern!
but truthful lol
At any rate, let us love for a while, for a year or so, you and me.
That's a form of divine doctornkenness that we can all try.
New Summer Hair Accessories at Chika Chika!!!
Visit us inside the Galleria at Sunset in Henderson!!!
Omw to Work 12 hour shift today
Thank you!
And you know it.
Just let me know when!
arriving May 2 anything going on Wednesday night?
Is Frenchmen Street bumpin on a Wednesday?
Follow for interesting articles on the political scene in Milwaukee.
Don't forget to vote!!
Definitely!
lol I can do without the Irish kind though Nasty!
On the hunt for a green shirt.
When you have control over your thoughts, you have control over your life.
On a cold day doesn't a warm Cinnamon Roll sound scrumptious?
Just did that with a polymer base last week.
Caught it just as it happened but left the base with 4 little dimples.
Are you okay??
oh my!
GOOD LUCK!
Looking for a new independent film to get involved with.
What's up artists?
Anyone need an assistant director or writer?
We got our issue of Printwear in the mail today did you?
QA issue is our favorite!
Ha!
I love that!
Thank you.
RT Courage is the art of being the only one who knows you're scared to death.
yeah Chicago is pretty awesome i'm sure you'll have plenty to explore
u missed mister.
S randomly telling us it was national cat day and me like cracking up to myself thinking about Harry haha
If only my iPhone had bbm.
awe lucky!
: my German teacher was trying to talk to me but I was just like I CAN'T HERE YOU OVER MY HEAVY BREATHING ...
We'll have to see if there is a place in San Antonio, I get into town just after noon on the Wednesday :
1/3 to 2/3 of pregnant women get gum disease CloSYS kills the bacteria  help U stay healthy www.closys.com/research.html3 Avail
:.
And for that, you earn my eternal admiration.
Respect girlfriend.
Respect.
ohh you nerdy
nice chattin w y'all.
will gladly field any The South Qs lol
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy : 1
I got that email and thought oh dear gawd why do I not live in NYC?
Green light out, SE corner of 14th and Harvard NW.
spent the past 8 hours revising one paper.
It'd better be highquality.
Ready to work on my Mao translation!
I hate fighting with the one person I want to talk with the most.
Hey I totes just talked about how freakin awesome you are with dsav for like a million hours!
3
Need to get tan before tomorrows competition .
Department of Motor Vehicles I assume?
They fund everything.
VDay Promo good thru the end of Feb.
Two phone coaching sessions for 200 Purchase by Feb29  must use by Mar31.
Munoz: challenge to think experimentally and know that processes in scholarship are changing.
Really AWESOME what you are doing with the cookbook and I love your professorle statement!
Keep up the great work

Happy Birthday, Derek!!!
I somehow fucked up the password oh God I am so inept.
I Only Fuck Wit Niggahs Who Will Carry Me In My Hurst !
Dear human, you get mad at me if I wake you, you get mad at me if I don't.
Sincerely, confused alarm clock.
USOpen Women Finals Serena needs to buckle down Samantha Stosur is looking strong
it's not my own mortality, but the powering through capitalism/patriarchy/humanill involved to keep h.
safe  flourishing
question I didn't come across in your book.
I have trouble moving seats to get position on fish because I think it
: About a buck fifty...
I love him!
He is the ultimate gentleman.
Our recent marketing survey revealed that 88 of departments have hired additional business development talent recently
What are you up to?
Late Night Happy Hour at 10.
5 doctorfts.
Success!?
I think might be responsible.
Please have her body in my house by 2am...no bag, preferrably gift wrapped.
Tks.
Kindness is in our power, even when fondness is not
I have a gift certificate to the Kennedy Center they expire the end of 2012.
The only thing that looks decent is Addam's Family.
Mario Chalmers the type of dude that'll let the coach and players smash his chick to get playing time.
all organic too :
Alabama where both grandma from so go figure lol
FridayReads Finishing up THE ONE AND ONLY IVAN by Excellent animal narrative for middlegraders who can handle the sad parts.
Can't get the song, At The Beach by the avett brothers out of my head.
la la la la la
I madly leap from 100 tweets to 101.
Hey, gone too soon is powerful!
Awesome stuff, man.
Really speaks to us
About to bus home, I'm doctorving over.
Soon baby3
My former Healthwatch colleague is both a foreign policy guy and, starting Monday, a foreignpolicy guy.
Follow him!
Most off days left?
How does that work?
We have the same number of games played as STL?
Europeana  ARROW metadata about unproven  disputed rights claims: Garbage in, garbage out.
: the past can hurt, but the way I see it..
You can either run from it, or learn from it
: I think the city that were from just kinda ruined things..
Its such a small place, not much to do but talk and listen
looking for some song ideas for the shows, whats some of ya'll's favorites?BH
come join us post highlight tapes and photos for free.
get exposure today for free
Worst day ever :
Ugly man is hot tonight.
About damn time.
it's a big test that determines what class your gonna be in next year you take reading math and science
Company is sending me to help Universities set up accounting organizations at the universities
Hey Jeremiah, noticed that your ssl cert is down.
I know that you are a pro at this, but let us know if you need help.
Why do local TV weathermen make up names that sound like pornstars?
Oh for fucks sake.
Battlefield Los Angelos makes the Marines look like beasts!
This movie is crazy action packed!
S/N: I CLEARLY should be sleep right now...
I thought you liked that dog?
What happened?
safe travels.
Maybe ill c u 
He seriously said im not supposed to doctornk with this medication
So in the final analysis, could it be that we are fighting a war that can't be won?
He said it!
I feel safe in white because, deep down inside, I'm an angel.
Puff Daddy
myfriend just called me cuz shes in an argument with another girl over whether sex on a stick is a real saying or not.
i have cool friends
Please follow me !!!!!!!
It would mean a lot to me
So, what's the best way to teach students about things like the World Bank or the G8, without a significant bias?
Teach both sides?
that's good crappy for them
lmao : How does a strippers car get repo'd?
I thought them bitches got money...
2012 legislative session is underway!
Between this WalkerRecall  the votes in NorthCarolina I might just move 2 Canada  not bc I agree or disagree but bc its
i just realized, kanye was dissin amber rose in theraflu, mainly about her being loose.
but he's dating kim kardashian?!
i was getting there
summercamps lessons activities Find them all here!
www.campopoly.com
I'm surprised there hasn't been a second Armenian genocide.
your tickets are almost gone!
You guys should play some US shows!
just got done with my economics final.
for all of the talk about 's latest awkward enctr with human beings, lets not forget that terry mcauliffe faked southern accent
Your mom writing emails
On to LAX.
Car pool waiting  on time departure, yes?
My phone don't get no love no more what happen
all of my applications are down!
I can't even access the Heroku website or the support website!
What's going on??
If we ever marry and have kids, they have too much to live up to.
ok, well you gotta do mine in color.
cause all of your ex's are in black n white.
someone come love me.
3
Can't wait to make a mess of new apt.
has to be
Charmed American Television WB Witches TV Series THREE HOT WITCHES Adult Black Tshirt Tee Shirt
Follow my boy He's new to twitter but he's sellingpencils just like your boy!!!
wedding cake tasting made a good substitute for breakfast this morn
Downgraded from a 4S to a 4 :
My jour111 students are making up for it by engaging in a twitter backchannel.
It's given me fond memories of the twitter corner at
Lamar smokes weed
Chat w/Biggest Loser Nutritionist tonight !!!
Use askcheryl during BL11!
hehe amani chose to hang out with emma and i instead of with her boyfriend :
hey; r u in a relationship?
TOMORROW: SETTING SUN!
Race.
Sex.
Japan.
New York.
9/11.
Revenge.
Come check out this amazing new play!
FREE!
TopGear is the bomb.
Love
I respect a guy who doesn't use his phone while he's with his girl.
Buffy Hamilton NJASL2010 Need to create libraries as places of strong support for creating and sharing, making novices the experts
1st class of the day....
Walking around w/ a broken toe LOL
Developing an anthropologists laissezfaire towards personal illness, I guess.
Eg let me tell you about this parasite I got this summer!!
Omg can Howard Stern get off the show now i want piers back
lol thanks.
I was like jumping for joy when I saw your mom coming in there.
comedy sketch thing tmister should be interesting and hopefullyfunny and reading period starts as well
we figured u was in gurnee
I Woke up jus to eat....fat girl status lol :
A lot goes on, but nothing happens.
Ever notice?
me too
How many of you are truly happy with where you are in your life right now?
Maybe its because I fell asleep at 3AM
Sometimes I don't understand lesbians, you know good and well you want this dick tho
And you too my friend.
Let's work together!
Im fenna get some water.
That ice cream has my mouth doctor!
That was a good nap
Just to give you a laugh, I'm doing a 5K in June!
Ah.
I was skeptical about that one.
Thanks for confirmation.
Watched Thor, and now watching captainin America with in preparation for the awesomeness of The Avengers.
Next time just tell her Martin's the Grand Marshall and she'll be there in a heartbeat.
This is for you bloggers...www.ow.ly/7Gu9c
cleaning up my twitter.
This gym sesh is a last ditch effort to get in shape before I go to new York.
Bus leaves in 2 hrs
Well, that just depresses me.
Thank for the mention / I'm a master carpenter, welder and artist.
Can build almost anything.
How can I help?
No directv time for MW3 who wants to play?
ps3 user name jon123spurs
Oh sweet balls i am an idiot
I like a little coffee with my soy milk, turbinado, almond milk, agave and oreo donuts.
we are at cure....will meet u at roosevelt
Can't wait to watch the new KhloeLamar tonight
I did, seconds after.
Thanks.
It doesn't help that the September 13 was in 3 point font.
omg i love lol
I come home and see my united jersey and feel proud.
I can't help but notice that all the ads on Facebook have ample amounts of cleavage probablyJustMe theNewMySpaceWhat?
We always talk about if we're rightbrained or leftbrained, I feel like we should be wholebrained.
David Mack
So he texts me ..
Lmfao
compression socks
Thanks.
It's fun to see how much meaning can be stuffed into 17 chunks of sound.
keepitclassy RT : Entries are comin' in!
Send us your Favre Saga Haiku to WIN TWO TICKETS to LAST DAY AT LAMBEAU!
Government figures show around 400'000 pupils have been consistently absent from schools in England in the past ..
sure.
But I'll need a 20K advance.
Janet Jackson: How I Got Thin
is giving us an awesome mix of the legendary queen of hip hop
uhh don't get fuckin attitude bitch.
I was in topics in modern math earlier this year but I'm retaking algebra 2 now.
Soo
I need eel stat!
RT Today is Doyo Ushi no HiThe day Japanese people eat Unagi to gain stamina against hot weather
Very, very grateful gets my foodcrush on !
Totally on the first two, have never even heard of the last!
It's on the list!
lol oh no.
tht wsnt dire,ted towards u.
Its this girl im tlking to.
I think she might hav gotten ahead of herself lol
Getting ready to visit UW professorPhil Kim's fantastic Tech Entrepreneurship class.
Just opened Twitter account, happy to make 1st tweet.
check your doctorpbox for surprises this weekend!
the funny thing is I can totally see her saying this with such a serious face lol love it
I'm at Reston  so not EVERYONE is at that other place...,,
please remember that not ALL of NC thinks that way.
But I completely agree with the sentiment.
Looks like we're already following you!
:D
That is so cool.
Have a great time sharing vawine.
Look forward to catching up when you return.
Im going to do anything i can do to get attention and ill enter any contest.
My doctoram is to casually hang out with him!!!!
3
Help and me elect LGBT candidates.
Join the Campaign Board!
nmsplc I am trying out Firefox after years of hearing it is better than IE!
We'll see

when you fill out the form, put you want a 90s themed party in the message and we will work something out for you!
Any second now.
Reminder 2 ArtFile users  verify the identity of potential art buyers  be wary of ne1 who wants u to pay  so that they can buy your work.
yepp she's cool..
but i hate how pretty she is
I hope that comes back soon!
We need our big man back  I so want to wear my jersey again....
Miss ya Dirk!!!
Man I freakin love SportClips.
They know how to treat a guy.
And we are sold out for the day!
Thanks for stopping by!
Just got two tix for and to go see to see on May 12th
Dear runaway 3.7GB VMWare process: I quit you.
follow me please
What's for dinner?
i showed my bestfriend when i look at you by miley cyrus she didnt like it a few weeks later at a sleepover with our other bestie
Longest Saturday I've ever worked.
Stuff keeps coming and I keep working.
Thankfully no WHL tonight.
Follow The Adamouski to learn more about the 2011 spring biannual art competition!
Really love this 4 day weekend!!
Back to the grind tomorrow at 11am.
For now manis and pedis while doctornking
this conversation is getting too long for twitter, let's continue in person sometime
RT : Do you guys use workout videos ?
Do you like to play them on your TV or your computer?
Like us on facebook!
Facebook.com/shopjez
My throat hurts SO bad and my mom wont let me stay home :
I'm ready to be less high strung  relax more.
This being annoyed ALL the time is stressful.
Now it will be only MOST of the time.
Progress.
Yay!
I'm in 313!!
Let's do a photo op at 1st intermission.
usually sits in 314 so she may be in too!
LA is dominating the playoffs!
Thinks NewJerseyTransit is out of their minds.
10pack bus trip to NYC from 58 to 96.
Total mismanagement and we suffer?
lmao i heard about that
: How you treat yourself is how you're inviting the world to treat you.
SetTheBarHigh  love this!
You're just trying to stirrup trouble at this point.
Over it
Chalmers is that nigga this game
thanks dude!!
That sign was ours!!!
What's missing?
Venture capital, which is the lifeblood of tech ecosystems.
Kaufmann
Not really n2 da NBA playoffs dis yr.
Maybe im still recovering from da lockout.
6.days.left.
Stalking ur twitter cause I can!
So true...
: Quietest people have the loudest minds
wow, that is impressive, being someone who only uses acrylic paint, that was really amazing to watch.
so old indeed.
But they've still got it!
:D
Hello Neal.
Welcome!!
uh...snow?
where did that come from?
Congratulations!
It sounds fantastic!
Would you like to give one away on my blog?
interesting idea
I got some beats for you that a str8 FIRE big homie!
Take care of those pebble sized problems immediately before they become boulder sized.
woah!
went to bed with 4 followers woke up with 81!!
haha you weren't kidding!
love it!
ThingsIveLearnedFromTwitter: and I both have sweet pups named Linus.
Awesome.
Aww you should come visit sometime!
Yep, and Zach is not too thrilled!
haha
R.I.P.
Levon Helm.
What a shame.
Mass was long with the bishop this morning.
Glad we made it downtown thanks to the
Lacey is so done with Chaz.
Done.
Pls tell me WHY Jared jeffries didn't make that shot??
Yes he cost the Knicks the NBA game tonite.
Jeffries could've stayed traded!!
great question!!
great to see you at Snooze!
i'd answer your question except i HAVE NO IDEA.
at our apt.
packing.
;
you sure cuzo I mite have them mix I'm re chec lmao
hahah it's so god!
:D
Tonight you'll get 5 off adult admission just for bringing 2 nonperishable food items to the show!
We scare at 7:30pm!
nw Freshman Father
This has been without a doubt the worse Ravens game I have ever seen.
By far.
come to project Downtown with me tonight :
very nice!
much love where/when can we BUY???????
Really peopleit's 1st amend:FREEDOM of speechu know the libs use it ALL the time  I'll b darned if Hankjr did  now no MNFBscrw ESPN!!
Canadian doctorg shortage: recent history of a mystery
Planning on joining us for the Maritime Ghost Conference?
Definitely check out the while you're in town.
An ounce of Platinum can be stretched 10,000 feet.
You Could Come Get It
We need to get back to being scared again  Magic Johnson on the HIV virus
That doctorves me nuts and grosses me out!
Well, the new Amazing SpiderMan trailer was.....amazing.
Bad Joke Eel face
FWIW, Hitler would likely not risen to power without the Great Depression.
Econ extremes gives rise to political extremes.
I'm just saying
Tip 150: The higher up the ladder you climb the more you are exposed for people to shoot at you.
: I hope Tim Duncan get dunked on damn...
I would have doctoramt of ways to go postal on that partner for that.
i never told you that and yeah you can't delete my tweets.
I'm on whenever you're ready..
just gonna leave aim on
Congrats.
Paranoia is a terrific book.
And party and party!!
when I don't get my way 
I shall kill that bastard!
Who's gonna be at for Calvin Harris tonight?
i miss you :
Google just bought Zagat.
I wouldn't say that surprising.
Heading out to run some errands.
Than hitting the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
My hands feel sticky 
Dear Netflix: I just bought my mom an Apple TV b/c you said you were updating your instant view library...
She's not gunna live forever...
PAMTransportInc This is a great company where they care about the employees so much!
CDL doctorvers check them out!
doctorve a truck for PAM!
Damn.
Site crashed and already got a toptier backer.
Thanks, y'all.
romo, eli, or matt ryan?
thoughts?
Tonight at Arsimonas lounge they will be playn music..YAY!
If you in the bay area make sure you show ur support..
i hope your new songs are lovesongs 3
haha after posting, I went on to read the next line, while inspiration is invaluable, it can be used incorrectly...
Took a nap with my baby for an hour, best nap ever.
Thick is beautiful.3
Jasmine you dont want no smoke!
Jo's a baby.
I'm very worried/scared for him.
I hope he'll do okay in his new place.
HE'S GROWING UP TOO FAST THIS IS NOT OKAY WITH ME
Best wishes.
You can do it!
follow me?
: i love you and merry christmas3 hahah!
Victor Borge said a smile is the shortest distance between two people.
Miami narrow minded?
And what is ST vision?
i can't even almost start to quote the craziness i just heard.
Lewis Black is not in One Slight Hitch, but he wrote it and we are doing a fundoctoriser with him on May 16.
More info soon!
RT
i have a mind to close up this site, and have u all migrate, since you're all so into solidarity...God and i, the only important equation...
Ran 3 miles pretty easily today.
Now I just gotta add 10 more to it.

Lets see, Florida twice, Texas, Auburn, LSU ran a spread when they won it...
take out Ala and USC and you're almost goosed
love your CraftBeer HUGE thanks for coming to mke via please keep a steady stream of our beers coming
What's the top shoplifted item for the holiday season...?
Bloomberg News finds..
it's filet mignon.
Watching my first bag of screeners.
Any ComicCon fans need meeting space?
Our Presidential Suite is up for grabs during the convention, contact Ashlynn 619.446.3015.
Followback Friday.
Follow me and I WILL follow back...for the most part.
g'mornin :D
I love making fun of EVERYTHING Haley Rasco says
i know you text me and i wasnt home!
I wanted to freaking go
Watching Disney channel instead of the red carpet at golden globes.
Thank god for dvr.
Amen.
Probably the realest thing said from any Pro Wrestling fan.
Found via 19th Century Masterfile: Glass Negatives from the Papers of Wilbur and Orville Wright: aviation experiments, home and family,1897
My last show in AZ is this Friday with a life of science at martini ranch we go on at 10 come hangout!!!
I saw inglorious bastards...very excellent!
beware...it was a bit gruesome...
Its Wednesday so you know what that means  LADIES in for FREE!
James Ervin Berry is downtown  is in B Rip!
8:30pm!
2554211
Education is a lifetime pursuit.
On Tues., I learned about smithing.
There's something magical about how a blacksmith transforms metal.
Blunts or papers which is healthier?
Who the fuck said that?
At the meeting.
They really let
Might be in every Taco Tuesday for your chicken taco salad.
Yum!
Custody and child support have little to do with justice.
They are punitive measures enforced by the long arm of our government
it was a lovely and generous gift....
really....
Panel at 10:30am will include: Clark Kellogg, Carl Daniels, Mike Fox....
ah...got it.
most def is the truth.
have a great afternoon.
hit you up later tonight.
:
hey baby girl
Correction.
The track's name was Mama Papa Tu from the album AfroAmerican Latin.
Swinging stuff.
A must add to you jazz collection.
Found a scarf at in the exact shades of my shocking pink/salmon/taupe tee.
Proud of Austin 3
raw10 No matter how old I get, to my Mother, Im still her Baby.
When she kisses me in Public, I be like 'MOM!?!'
podcast and newsletter will be out today, in the mix from 14 am!
We miss you on
morning hot stuff
ayeok That's my motto!
HAVE A SAFE TRIP :
Surgical Video: Adnexal Cystectomy with case presentation
YES!
RT If God was small enough for you to completely understand Him, He wouldn't be big enough for you to completely trust Him.
There's one ballroom girl with an infectious smile.
I really hope she can dance.
She'd be great on the show.
Hope everything is ok...my prayers are w/ u and ur staff.
I can work it out for you.
Blue Snowball and Audacity.
I didn't even use a high pass filter.
Oz is in progress of Baking 314 Assorted Pies for PiDay at Sandia Tech Park.
3.14
ThankYouCody for always trying to make us happy and make our day better with funny instagrams and new songs or videos
and back at you
How useful is your arts degree?
Let's help get the whole picture.
What are your New Years resolutions?
It was great to meet you too!
You have the best smile!!
Tell your FIL Hi for me ;
Luke Worthington adds 15 points and 8 rebounds for Playground Elite in win over CP3 AllStars.
Velton Jones being tended to off to side of Robert Morris bench.
Been playing hurt the whole game.
LIU up 4641 15:34 left
honey roasted peanutspretzels3
to hell with me...oh and to see WICKED
Finally got my Internet back!!:
try Quickdoctorw to aim down...
That's how I've seen people use it...
Good luck
i just don't under the conflict in twilight.
what is twilight about?
: did you at least make sure your food was not still alive before ?
New doctorgprevention coalition invites members  State Gazette
yeah...I don't know about that
Who else hates pimples?
Im gone be in texas for a lil While then move to Huston
I have really beautiful friends!!!
Just got a tarot card reading with , I don't really believe in it but it was kind of real!!!
Where is my AQUARIUS?!?
I could watch Sophia Grace and Rosie from all day long
RIP Junior Seau!
A true god on the football field.
do you airbrush models and r/c cars?
backyard fire listening to bob
I want this QR code classroom portfolio tool for tagging anything in my room on Monday.
Men dont chase women on a moving train while doctorssed as a sailor anymore.
please help pass SafeHarbor legislation!
The childoctorn house need your help!
James harden!!!
So...is there any part of California where it's not raining?
Offer a great internship experience, get a great intern.
Happy to hear reviews by Thanks, !
judy!
I'm gonna miss seeing your pretty face!
we gotta get a picture if i find you :
SF: Is it completely insane to doctorve to Yosemite and back in one day?
As big as he is, Sullinger is a soft baby.
Twinkle Twinkle little snitch, MYOB you nosey bitch.
lol saw that!
TRIVIA QUIZ Coming Soon!
Cold,lonely and missing him like crazy!
Oh god.
I'm actually a little interested in going to a local public meeting about urban planning.
Does this mean I'm an adult now?
Come by the Grill Monster tonight, Lomas  Penn for MNF and some FREE GRUB!
F this class!
good night Z
Given the situation in Libya, Egypt, Saudi Arabia etc., do you think there is enough incentive to follow the basic rules of war?
seriously can't stand you
finly were in the van doctorving one more step and i was butter!
the mentors are KEY to the maker space!
They can offer realworld experience and examples.
As the magnificent bastard said, May the 5th be with you.
Of tequila, that is.
Congrats Justin
the books or the movie?
trust me I know lol.
Should have seen her when she came home lol.
Thanks for the RT about our CNE articles.
Get Cash Today For Your Car !Free Towing!!
We Come To You.
aww : I wish you the best of luck, sweet lady.
Keep in touch and let me know what you're up to.
I love hockey::
The heat is back.
Cool off with a refreshing BingSu.
Yep, Korean Shaved Ice!
Hey Jessica, love your Tumblr.
Great pictures.
New guys are good and picking it up fast.
Overheard some newcomer ask Where's that old dude with the windmill shot?
Afternoon: the usual flotsam: met with an advisee  2 colleagues, sent 10 more emails, sorted paper, managed tasks
Quote2SpinBy  If you want to redesign your life, reshape your focus.
JD quote RT
I've never wanted to be a crossdoctorsser so bad in my life.
Do you have those in 10.5?
Scientists have shown that putting the phrase Scientists have shown in front of anything will make people read it
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
John Wooden
it's really easy...do what I do, find something attractive about them.
Compliment it  and follow up with a semi deep question
Kimberly's husband told her to make a list of things she wants and HE WILL PICK what she gets from it.
What should be on the list?
I just really want to see what he can do with a weapon or two and a decent oline
iUsedToLikeYouBut we GREW apart!
Keep tweeting AND voting guys!!
voteforMeganandLiz!
:D
27 days to Christmas......
Have you pondered giving the gift of health?
Getting ready to run a first time ever huge sale!
Stay tuned!
What a great day.
I am doing a family portrait session with the best neighbors in the world.
15min till showtime!
10:00 pm Come jam out to the hottest tracks in Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe
nvmd why tf are you on this account!
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
know that bee in jack daniel commerical?
I wanna be it.
So is there a date scheduled yet?
Have the both of you got in touch with each other yet?
I need more followers, anyone mind giving me a shoutout?
RT : Rejection is just an informal way of letting you know what you need to improve on...
I'm now glad I decided to nap through the previous game instead of this one.
Have you seen any shirts on campus today?!
There should be about 75 of them roaming around there.
i'm sorry, who is this?
person who just moved out on tuesday, to me, on the phone :
Ross: Appeals to the 99 an effort to reach out to the broadest swath of the general public and the silent masses.
Life can only be understood backwards, unfortunately it can only be lived forward.
of the people who are trying to oust the school board members who voted to keep the book in.
Bigotry by any other name is bigotry.
We're working on a kick ass web service for social capital market.
Putting the final touches on our app now for SP2012 cohort.
Brand USA Unveils First Ever Marketing Campaign Promoting Travel to the USA at 
lol!
Yes  gotta love the Panda!
Trailing 80 in 5th inning, Apprentice scored 1 run in the 5th, 3 in the 6th and 5 in the 7th to pull upset comeback over Spalding.
Its funny how people acuse you of the shit they are actually doing...
Thanks Nick  you're very kind!
At first coffee was usually doctornk by Arab Sufi monks, but by the fifteenth century it was being used by everybody.
Leaving the US Open!
Enjoy your weekend!
I believe that's part of R.I.C.E.
that we were taught in the army.
if you ship yourself with tacos, can I ship myself with soup?
Trying to grok that HTC Andoctorid's synch utility CAN'T SYNC with Macs.
smartphone/not Back to 3rdparty utilities
Until Sat.
only, use the code PreLent and receive a 25 disc.
on all our books, incl.
even more savings on the collections!
free shipping!
Must sleep in tomorrow, flyer downtown for TXRD event, Turfcats final homegame, then TUF finale at Derek's.
Eat sometime.
pretty cool article.
Slightly surprising!
And I'll bring the trailers and bedazzling gun!
If I was in The Hunger Games I'd be in District 4...
I like water.
Suggestion 8 Thank your opponents sincerely for their interest.
did you get the proposally thing  I did?
Believe
I like my privacy with paparrazzi ;
Econ 101 when you come to visit
Bring the beat in.
I like how I was stalking you  retweeted something from like yesterday :p
good, trying to text you back without ruining my wet nailpolish on my nails..
Lol how are you ?
i swear, if i have to retake geometry as a course next year, i WILL transfer to west.
Why is same sex marraige so frightening to some?
I truly don't get it.
How does it hurt people?
if have said once have said 1 mill times.
old school.
plain.
the original.
sendmesomepainperdu doesn'tfamilymeananythingtoyou?
Thanks peaches!
;lol
Life is like riding a bicycle.
To keep your balance, you must keep moving  Albert Einstein
Hey  Good luck tomorrow!
Will be thinking of you, can't wait to see pictures!
Hey, a man has to have his standards/protocols.
Yay  finally a hit 
no.
i would help build it.
dollar menu shit loll
are you going to GO CRAZY with me ?
Peter Gelzins of Boston Herald wrote how Tricia McCorkie CEO Delaware North sent POW flag back to vet:.
Best of luck Gregg...nothing like seeing springsteen live.
Went to one of the shows that closed out Giants Stadium.
Amazing
By the way, Go Trojans, Fight ON!
Beat Notre Dame!
I am be pacing in anticipation of every touchdown!
Sending all of my Convio juju your way.
Remember our course is in the LC if you get stuck!
of hot librarianness, at least.
Unless you're wearing a cat cardigan and a lanyard nametag, in which case you've got it covered.
Service Sparx tip 1: Encouraging your team to show their individuality when dealing with customers can improve customer relations as well
What?
I'm assuming you meant scrambles to grab bow tie
You can't remake perfection ; RT If Hollyweird remakes Ferris Bueller, I will stop watching movies.
To my Greek friends...Don't treat elections as a way to punish.Vote for the future,whatever u want it to b,whatever ur political affiliation
Love : RT : truthRT : but Lou Williams swag is unstoppable
Tonight to the CD release of my friend since high school !
Very excited :
I would expect nothing less!
Pilates does not have to be expensive!
45 single private pilates classes.
400 for a 10 class package.
620 Eighth Ave.
92101
I saw that happen before and the girl beat the crap out of the dude with a radio antenna.
The Cleverest iPhone In The World!
Thats something!
Thanks!
I'm on the new site now and bookmarked it.
Congrats Ryan!
We are glad you decided to stay on for another 2 seasons!
Your fantastic.
Oh well...looks like weird wording to me...i doctornk the wine but fish makes me vomit
Im really playin dance like a stripper at this club wit all dez white folks in here .....lmao funniest face expressions ever
Anyone have an estimate on the number of attendees expected at RootsTech ?
in fact, I did.
Let me ponder.
Watch your mailboxes.
Fighting Brain Cancer: Taking out more than tumors  WFTV Orlando
You really are into pumpkin flavored beverages, aren'tcha.
Its so great i should tweet about it.
Ha ha
Hit me up for tables and free guest lost at PURE, vanity, LAX rehab or wet republic
Our students had a GREAT time with their tutors today!
I have no idea why I am about to go see Final Destination 5.
But its the last week before college and I love my friends
One of the first things I hear this morning is my mom saying I get to road trip to meet this summer!
Best mom ever!
3
It's all really good, so I am actually encouraged by the fundamentals that underlie usage growth on the Net
carol said she's coming for Spring Break!
That's always a good start!
I've heard good things about working there too.
RT There is a new food truck on the scene All natural, mostly organic soups and chili.
: I left work at 130...
I knew that was gonna happen  be safe!
A 6 flags trip needs to happen really soon and idc who with I wanna feel free in the air.
If I could, I'd go everyday 
Over the years I have learned that what is important in a doctorss is the woman who is wearing it.
Yves Saint Laurent
thats jut where its AT.
Thanks so much for coming to neasist09 today!
Great talk,  you set the perfect tone for the day.
I got shame about myself, but I leave that here with my ring and with you.
Great line from Glee about leaving an abuser.
are you guys involved with the iPad app?
Just went to watch the video and it says it's private.
Any ideas?
I think everything is gonna be alright.
Oh, I love me some Geoff Tate!
Saw the Empires tour when Type O Negative opened..
it was a bit rockin'!
Here's where we see if the defense can hold it's own.
I mean with the caveat that the game doesn't count.
Making music is a way of life!
a week ago!
Everybody loves raymond is such a great show..writing at its best
bre u just left me like Monday lol
We will be closed on Thurs., November 24  Fri., November 25 in observance of the Thanksgiving Holiday.
Have a safe and fun Thanksgiving!
Thanks, Mike!!
RT : sounds like you need a
I just upgraded my Honey Fish Market in my town.
Awh not anymore doe.
I am distressed that an uncommonly strong bond of patient doctor trust should be broken.
new contact information please private message me.
You have to ignore your sexuality to deal w/lonliness
It's Migne 6.182 if you have online access at your school
I like how wade tried to kick bynum knee doe
Good shot Blair
Good information already shared at the Big Ten Network Social Media Summit in Chicago.
Good perspective around the conference.
LET'S STAND TALL AND BE HEARD..GO TO WWW.COALITIONTOSAVEAMERICA.COM RIGHT NOW
had to walk away : on a strict meal plan and somehow trainer always knows when I cheat and makes me pay for it on legs day haha
Follow?
c:
FINNA CHECK OUT THESE HIP HOP AWARDS
I never completely unpack upon arriving home.
I'm awful.
Jaevon doesn't wanna be glasses buddies.
:
Oh Larry lol!
: Went to the Chinese buffet on lunch.
I showed that buffet who was boss
Well that's certainly a big jump.
But VERY cool!
re: Eberling
youre an Awhole you have Badiyha thinking I cheat
Marisela: can you turn off the light pretends to grab the switchy thingy x
oh boy.
i think the best way to feel like we know you is that where so alike and through twitter and youtube its like we know you:
Mens levi cargo shorts 29.99 and up, and ladies levi shorts and sundoctorsses.
A slight tingle a yet quere feeln
Let the Holy Spirit speak to you about your choicespast, present and futureand His plans for you.
My best will never be enough
Thanks for following us, Nilesh!
you should put in a word for me.lol
Little baby shoes promo code coupon
Thank you for all the shares this week
Virtual rematch?
Yer only happy when i buy you stuff.
.
ugh..
3
you might have the best cat names EVER!
also, I won't be back in til Friday, I'm looking forward to it!
Was thinking we could meet John for a doctornk after work?
Chicks always complaining about not being able to find a good man..
Bitch lower your high ass standards then!
Redneck Word of the Day: RECTUM.
I had two nice 4 wheelers until I rectum!
Want to test your language AND library skills?
Try cataloging obscure Spanish novels all day.
Yes, I'm taking pictures of the good ones :
a day without dancing is a day wasted  ted.
Best tweet I've read yet!
It was a day like today.
Alright I See You Bringing Out The Shorts and Sandals
New Rick Otton Real Estate Book Exposes Creative Strategies for Property Investing
You are so welcome Princess!
Enjoy your prom !
I'm so glad i found my perfect doctorss!
Thanks SO much!!
I vote they make a cheer icon on the emoji app.
prettyplease : 
I do that before  after I fuck bitches.
Be sure to check out Golden Light Catina in Amarillo, Texas.
Oldest surviving bar on Historic Route 66!
Sorry, was in Avengers.
I do know, but DM to me where you are in book just in case
who shapes Alex's boards?
All the earth shall worship thee, and shall sing unto thee; they shall sing to thy name.
Psalm 66:4
offline Oh god..
Selena hacked me : I love u too Selena  xo Demi :
I told you silly!
Your turn!
I know its not even half time, but I'm putting this game in the refrigerator.
sharon needles is my bitch.
3 so happy she won!
not the way it works in Cleveland where we never get big names always trade down and always lose.....
Heart broken at that last RT...
too bad the weather will be clear in Boston today.
Too funny if the NHL would stop a game on ice because of snow
Thank you.
I'm all about snappy....and great hair.
Lookig for good examples of IR deposit licenses.
Are there any out there that you think are exceptionally good?
RT I'm only 25 happy birthday sir ....wishing you many more
We are following back bud.
Have a good one!
good luck today Haley
Come on!
Meryl Streep  Julia Roberts in film version of August: Osage County?!?
Why on earth does this sound like a good idea to anyone?!?
Ok, future BOYFRIEND you can stop playing hide and seek now....
Good Morning all.
Hope you had a great Easter.
Thanks, Danny!!
RT: It is decided, their new name is Good Burger.
Don't wave goodbye to haters and nay sayers...
welcome them into your galaxy.
They can't keep up with the frequency anyway.
Your music speaks the way I feel!
And that's why I tattooed life is beautiful on my side!
Thank you!
Xo
never should have gotten that far.
and he hit a home run in that game.
and ...
oh
Justin Bieber   1D 
Oh my god we have lime popsicles
I think the word you're looking for is Seasoned
The once ambitious one now holds the smoking gunn
I don't even want to know what's in the Jack In The Box chicken nuggets..
People put you down enough you start to believe it...
the bad stuff is easier to believe, you ever notice that?
Pretty Woman
Currently listening to flash dance maniac wondering why I'm Listening to flash dance maniac.
better than being at the mall or any store I'm sure
Crazy day for roundball.
The Madness, the trade deadline, and my fantasy basketball trade deadline.
Just ate sunday dinner.
MobWives later.
Minivacay to California for Memorial Day and my lil sis' graduation?
Yes please!
Tickets booked!
he is still their tour manager i think!
this came up recently somehow...
Web Archiving Policies and Practice in the US 2012 in full swing at Columbia.
Follow proceedings at
m, this strikes me as complicated enough not to be worth discussing on twitter.
Rule 3  form an advisory board to help your business.
Cardinal Rule from ,
Are you saying it's long and I'll need a snack?
Or just that you want a shawarma?
Yay for my sexy sis for being on set on a gorgeous day outside.
RT : Spending a day on Twitter taught me so much more than yrs of PD at most of the schools I've taught in
Me too.
Probably for different reasons, lol.
Unfortunately, I have already seen today's Joy of Painting.
If it is possible to cut a word out, always cut it out
I have never been a fan of him.
I could see him being that childish considering past things I have read of his.
There is something they're not telling us!
Bumpy landing
my lovvvveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee.
melts my heart
OMG that was our favorite last night
well me and tony beat your asses so me and Hayden can do it easily!
Gotta finish The MUTES sticker, and keep working on a logo project.
Lots of thumbnails I need to develop a bit further.
WHAT !!
RT : Oh my gosh Glee is live AF......
Really my first time watching it
hey Alexa, pls come 2 a benefit 4 master doctoristerRudy Walker nxt Friday Peace  Henry Rock
Going M.I.A today fuck it;
Your Welcome!:
i thought that Girl was bout to rap then that?
Two people can look at the exact same thing and see something totally different!
IF YOU LOVE HIM SO MUCH WHY DON'T YOU MARRY HIM?!?!
So stoked.
At the end of March I'm going to perform something weird at
Thanks for the follows!!
funny as hell tonight
Big K.R.I.T.
'Live From the Underground' Tracklist: B.B.
King, 2 Chainz and More Featured
new follower, huge gunner fan, still haven't caught a game you've played tho...
Liked the Toyota Camister Effect ad.
Definitely a car that's about family stories, life events, everyday moments
Anyone else got Exams coming up?
So It's My Sister's Birthday Tomorrow..
Its Going To Be The First Birthday That i wont be with her..
I Miss Her So Much/3:
My hair needs to grow like 6 inches .
Aww snap they singing my song.
Yes!
Imagine that?
Saw very pretty design work that was completely illegible.
; I know you don't want me to
We've seen every episode of seinfeld at least 25 times.
We don't need to watch it again.
Nope.
RT : Is it wrong I'm more excited to know the Laphroaig Distillery Manager is in Seattle than syfy celebs?
My birthday is in less than 2 weeks.
I grew up in West Torrance!
Of course that was 33 years ago...
Hey Fashion Girls followers, got an tips for us to RT to our HS girls that follow?
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mothers especially my mom your the best and I LOVE YOU
I want to join you
Happy Friday!
send me yo email so i can send u sumthn
great so far : wbu
Wings and Bruins!
goB's
Watching SOTU.
Good points about importance of student aid and higher ed.
Thx for adding Invested in several interesting companies incl.
more
Make sure you vote today.
And feel free to join us in the ballroom of the Capital Plaza Hotel in Frankfort at 6p.m.
as we watch the returns.
No, cause she was infront of me.
She threw a slushy at my car
Robert Pattinson is my background on my new phone.
I'm going to have a coronary every time I use my phone now.
Gah!
3
My smile came from from her tweet earlier today.
Happy birthday, good sir.
I hope it's been merry.
.
supports 8K change agents/year from 160 countries: scholars, teachers, scientists, artists, political leaders
Birthday birthday birthday happy happy happy !!!
am me cell Ph no.
Epic Question of the Day: NSync or Backstreet Boys?
Reboot Charlotte: Cameron Moody, DNC Senior Advisor  Charlotte News
Always great talking with , can't wait to be in Ghana next month working with and filming the rest of
Good morning!
Thankful for another day of life!
Live This Thursday Night
yeah yeah!
Asshole:
Covering the Milwaukee mayoral race tonight.
Newcomer McDonald taking on Barrett.
It's basically the tone of most articles now.
Saying that he is at most a gimmick for any other team.
I take that back...all my classes are cancelled and no work!
Today is great!
So, so sad the QuickTime Player 10 does not have image sequence support.
All movies checked out before spring break are due back on the 19th!
Just sitting in the car and a spider decides to make a web all over me without me noticing!!
Even though I didn't watch American idol tonight, I know about everything that went on!
:
kbai tweets...i'm putting in a movie and relax the rest of the night....sorry Panthers!
More and more paperwork and proposals...
I can't complain about the potential work, but business documents sure are boring.
noo lol.
It's me :P
what's up
AW MAN
The first changes in the new, expanded Cumulus happen Monday...
all the details hit your inbox soon in Monday's RAMP.
Marinara with fresh garlic, spicy tofu, sliced onions, fresh mushrooms, and marinated artichoke hearts.
Happy New Year!!!
Oh, and Happy Birthday!
See you there!
Yes.
It's crazy.
And there's no evidence this is a big thing that's really happening out there.
Because it's dumb.
Attention aspiring PR pros  this FF is for you!
Must follow  Everything you need to know about the industry.
Good morning to short ppl in houston!
Lol
has such a beautiful voice as Heather!
Sing it!
Haven't got there yet.
:P
Good list  thanks for sharing!
A legit D'Lush is opening up in our church x hahah sweet :D
UEFA Champions League final Bayern vs.
Chelsea is this Saturday 5/19!
Match starts at 11:45am.
Come brunch w/ us and catch the game!
ArtFact: Ancient Chinese artists painted naked scenes but would never paint women's bare feet.
Screenwriting groups are so inspiring!
Start one in your town today.
Thanks for the mention LIS!
kyli always was good at making enemies.
Lol I never really knew you though
exactly  its the same for everyone.
part of winning is being able to adapt when conditions aren't ideal.
woohoo!
Thanks for the support frank.
: Go 2 sleep
It's getting closer to our birthday
Apologizes for the spam from her testing the blog function on ReverbNation, and will now go hunt down the function that caused it.
So sorry!
so, since i'm not your everything; how about i be nothing?
nothing at all to you.
Working till the new year start.
gettin ready for the BIG12
Isn't it great?
Once I had a word for the phenomenon I started seeing them everywhere.
My friend is having a huge moment right now.
Extra late but this Brian McKnight song/video....either he's on doctorgs or suffering from a midlife crisis.
I CANNOT.
follow me!
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 36
Why did they have to go and ruin The Lorax?
We got Facebook and the Twitterverse buzzing, where else do we need to be to get the word out?
A MeetUp possibly?
Any ideas to share?
Haha, wise decision..
:
New York bound in 11 hours
majority of that is hoesssssssssssssssssss
Beach soon.........
Going to the 1 beach in america YEAH BUDDY.
gotta love florida!
Cool screen name!
Just wanted to ask you since you live in ireland wanted to know cool areas.
Never been heard its beautiful
RT : A setback is a setup for your comeback!
Press on!
fortunately you can still follow orphans8 on twitter!
We're livetweeting all day long.
Wow!
A very happy birthday!
Hope it's a great day.
I just realized why my leg has been aching all week  it's been raining.
great, this is my life now.
life too short to be sitting around miserable
I feel this!
1st wk back was this wk congratsRT : Have inlaws coming in town back to work Monday.
Should be full of rage soon.
Ughh i feel like crying i seriously just don't know what to do anymore i think I'm just gonna turn BISEXUAL!:/
You will always get out of something what you put into it.
If you want to be happier SMILE MORE.
If you want to be smarter PAY ATTENTION.
Being surprised that a church is having services on Christmas day is simultaneously utterly ridiculous and totally justified.
im with on that..
i think she kind of uses him.
Life is all about ignoring the stereotypes and being what you really are and showing them what THEY really are!
Snuggling and The Masters.

HA!
Holla next time you're in the 2nd City!
Beers on me!
Thanks for the :
The state of Washington just took a step in the right direction
thanks!
I'm traveling today but will check it out tonight or tomorrow!
Be in touch soon!
If this wind keeps up there's going to be a tree in my bedoctorom..
:
so now that some time has passed, are you happy with your switch from andoctorid to iOS?
Welcome to Twitter  excited to meet you at momcon2012 !
We can give you tons to tweet about this week!
Safe travels!
I knew that might offend you.
oomf is feeling it 
welcome to twitter kid!
but you replied??
Pratt  Commerce each Wednesday
Headed to today.
Looking forward to the spa and pool and shows.
I'm good btw, you?
You are so Nice thank you Sexy
I guess it's gonna have to hurt I guess I'm gonna have to cry let go of some thing's I've loved To get to the other side
broke into a sweat loading paper into the printer.
could be a bad sign.
Buckeyes win!!
Nice job getting into the Final Four!!
It is way cool.
I have been there in person and i thought it was very awesome.
Glad you liked it.
Now I must go get the book
Me: Thanks for picking me up, Mom.
Mom: You smell like old ladies.
Happy President's Day!
RT : Having dinner on H St.
feels like dining in completely different city.
Should you see an entire thing it appears that it's always beautiful.
Jay Hoggard on WKCR W bro Sharif AbduSalaam.
Promoting Jays gig at sisters place in Brooklyn.
OH at park Mom, I have to pee.
Go over in the treesjust not that tree you're playing in.
Great workout today!
Getting film ready is different than being BIGSWOLL!
Lol
nope...not that one.
who else likes watching legalized assault on PPV?
move to new england!
2nd fryer is something we would love, sadly no space unless we lose the oven  then we can't roast
Anybody looking to get some pix??
:
Two more books highlighted by : Promise and Perils of Big Data and Your Life Uploaded
sprint we haven't had phone or text service for hours.
Our son got stranded  couldn't reach us till we came home to land line
did you give it a cracker?
polly always wants a cracker.
he thinks barefoot running shoes are couture
I'll be working with you :
the one where his dad beats up his mom?
After taking in the last full day of fantastic Sunday football, I couldn't be less excited about watching the Patriots and Giants again.
lots of people complaining on the forums about Adobe's new price plan.
for pro's the ROI is incredible.
Do you prefer the slow burning discontent of the single life or that of the married life.
I think they're about the same.
Can you follow back please?:
And I will try to fix you.
I want to be an anarchist but my religion says I can't  something I remember hearing in the 7th grade hallway.
One has a nose.
The nose scents and its chooses.
An artist is simply a kind of pig snouting truffles.
Igor Stravinksy
true.
At my old job we used to sponsor the dairyland classic surf contest.
It sucks when you know that you need to let go but you cant because youre still waiting for the impossible to happen.
RT : Do the thing you fear most and the death of fear is certain.
Ooh, could you ask her about academic shibboleths?
I seem to run into a new one every month...
Thanks to for the blue checkmark!
That's one big blue checkmark on our bucket list :
looking at a san diego meeting next week, but I likely cant go, sigh..
is getting ready for school!
She will be studying music composition!
WISNTV live from L.A.
after the results show.
I am a real human being and, a real hero.
hello Ms M!
Meddik is a healthfocused social media analytics and engagement platform.
Meet us at smw ny, we'd love to chat
What up
For a limited time only: 200 creative services...Logo, Advert, Stationery...
I usually dont/want to play this...'Talk Show Host?'
Trying to make it in modeling and acting
starting its very first Broadway preview in 5 min...
Woohoo
he's something all right
Goin to Jamerious house later :  I hope he's ready to cry when i beat his ass at monolpy : P Were gonna stay up all night long' : 
I'm freezing:
Suffocation and The Faceless will be back in Las Vegas!
DM for more details and reserve presale tickets!
Is it just me or does Star and Lil Wayne's daughter look VERY much alike??
Vice President motorcade just went by.
From the sounds of it each day, there sure is not any overtime at the VP office.
And the...
Niggas trying real Hard to bring the Box Haircut back..
If the Mohawk didn't get you no Pussy, this shole aint!
I edited an audiobook and walked my dog and ate sandwiches.
That is the HHAwards I give myself.
So, now you'll spend all of your what would be FB time slanging tweets?
Bias The wise man carries his possessions within him.
Dorothee Solle If my hands are fully occupied in holding on to something I can neither give nor receive.
you know it
yep, clean out the trash and make this thing exciting
ALL of those things.
Y'all don't even understand how much I love ALL the asses.
Even the tiny bony ones.
Beautiful sunset tonight with the choppy storm clouds
damn, we'll have to figure it out
Dude I think he's doing the dice thing too much...
It's really all he's got
I still laugh my ass off everytime i see the phrase Adolf Hankler
Hangin with iguanas on the beach.
I Miss You: Haven't gotten a Tweet in so long.
But I Know your busy.
Hope your doing good!
Love You!
i was not informed of this human/change...
My eyes are like seriously red and bloodshot, and I don't have any clue why.
Off to the bus stop, today outta' be fun.
money money awesome stuff
Cinderella, you shall go to the ball!
Up all night once again.
that would be classified as mile low club ; u went the miles but didn't get high enough.
very soon!
it was with my left hand it really wasn't that serious 
have fun at home and tell your family I said hi!
New contacts!
I can see!
Girl you the one.
I remember those days : m rubies mesquite shrimp burrito!
Bomb ass food :
What about tomorrow?
I'm confused.
High Point Christian School Auction happening this Saturday at 6pm!
Watching KU basketball loving the new kicks, but make me want to rock yellow ones like the Jayhawk!
well thats good for her :
won't you teleport 2 me.
Nope, just an awesome violation.
Get your car ready for the weekend!
Get 25 off any detail!
Call 9284848!
We're MOBILE  eco friendly!
I'm more the watch the parade in the airconditioned HUMMER type of guy.
not at the moment, but it's on the horizon
From El mister to Southern Comfort to the ArtBQ lots of PBR events in ATL for Cinco de Mayo
well then have an awesome day just to really piss them off
Follow  Your source for creating success in your business, through social media strategies and magnetic content!
I can do it but it will be a very fast review  due at a friend's at 2 p.m.
for game day.
Email d.patrick.sweeney at gmail
How was ur visit?
RT : coming tonight!
Get excited
I'm courtside at for Celtics, but also give a follow to , and for analysis.
Kat Von D Is My Wife , She Just Doesnt Know It Yet ;P
I'm Long and Gone
To produce a mighty book, you must choose a mighty theme.
Young Weezy looking colorful tonight....
Yes!
We're talking vaccines tonight.
Let's hear it!
If you were a topping on a pizza, you'd be cheese, 'cause everybody likes cheese.
Morn'in Twitter Heads!
beatbox sweet sound but painful on the wallet.
Who really cold at rapping tho !?!?!
Sumtimes, my hardest decisions r the easiest decision iMake  iGet clipped b the SIMPLE decisions smh
Gotta love spring games!
Off to hartford at 630am
we always have deals coming in, so let us know your dates when you know.
Happy New Year!!!
Alexi Murdoch  Orange Sky  09:46 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
I had a doctoram I was watching a movie starring
We are stuck here in the Super 8 motel till Freightliner figures out why the truck caught on fire.
Just what we need.
Stuck in motel hell
Married in .....
Arabia???
Iceland?!
Thirteen.
Legally.
Get.
Married.
Where?
Lmbo!!
JAYKAY!
Good meeting at Howard Hughes Medical Institute in Chevy Chase, MD.
Chad Gaffield from SSHRC here.
Wish we were in Berlin tho, ;
John needs to tap into his hate the win and then maybe he won't go another 365 days looking like a bitch
Imma take ya girl down cause I know she really need it .
It is very important to build solid back linking for the advantage of the visitors.
High quality links can add more value to your website.
Want to make the most of your life.
Start by making the most if today..
is this a joke?
it's going to hail today?!
Many people do not know just how sensitive a Taurus can be at times.
They hide it well.!!!!!!!
Also...
I wish DeShawn would declare immediately so I never have to see such a selfish, careless player in a Buckeye uniform again.
Check Ya Mail Homie
that was kinda sloppy.
Yes!
They should each get their own, but whatev!
If you're a black person and you hire another black person, it's often perceived that it was because they're black
ah can't wait
got to go peeps will be back around 1 hour
You going back to school for a Phd?
Was having a great day til now 
Can't stop laughing 
Nearly all kids gone home from scappoose high after earlier graffiti threats point to today.
Another day verified...
I'm better than ur whole family ; Write that down!
All these damn paid programs ain't gone cut it
God bless you
good luck on your show todat.
; x
Haa!
good writing might actually depend on the NOT growing up part.
But what do I know?!
INNOCENT!
Having an ice cold Miller Lite for mister Ryan Braun tonight!
quince is looking fancy tonight, 1/3 rd full, older elegant crowd.
Hot blonde having a doctornk at the bar.
Everyone has black clothes.
we noticed the same thing when making a parking meter symbol: new credit card machines vs.
old regular meters
As well, MB is a global organization.
It is not just in Egypt.
e.g.
Hamas in Gaza, JamaateIslami in Pakistan
I feel like you just might wait until 11:59 p.m.
Tonight to announce the big album news.
Why is life so complicated!
?
it's more likely he supports those good things but really really can't wrap his head around marriage.
Common problem.
Getting my sessy dance on with
RT The teachers are not the enemy, the corporate sponsored politicians are!
Hello?
So need another cup of coffee tonight in order to get this presentation over with.
3 more weeks!
Today is friday the 13th!?
uh oh!
Be your character what it will, it will be known; and nobody will take it upon your word.
Philip Dormer Shanhope, Lord Chesterfield
My favorite boosie song to this day is Keep Out off The Safty go look it up its on Lil Boosianna 4
like everybody but me?
Exceptionally?
RT I'm the one with the magic :: eyes rolling:: Lmao NIGGAS!!
I think I miss way too much haha.
Happy National Teacher Day!
you talking about ????
that was great.
Thanks for that.
I'm going to add it to my list.
:
Saw the season finale.
I suppose u were in love with hump
yeah man, undoctorfted from Harvard!
Gets points AND assists!
He's work and hustle!
Plays real Bball!
; RT : If you ever hear someone faintly in the hallway saying aye!
Aye!
Aye it's :'
hey man, I heard your favorite game is DotA, is this true?
All I Kneeded I Got by Greg Oden
Ok enough Bitch'n ...
This play is amazing
Hahaha Louie is Just telling his fans that he loves us lol.
In cat language : morning Kimmi!!
Happy birthday to my beautiful little cousin!
HEY....You.....I'm talking about you.....Are you a Facebook fan of Pros and Cons yet???
Big thanks to everyone that came out to support today!
chances are it will go down be tomorrow because i am on meds : i will definitely go to nyc tho!
holy God that is funny; I am not worthy of that MT.
Respect.
session with Caztro has started
Man this some slave weather where the pools
You're so fine, every time I think about you I get a parking ticket.
We are confident that after one visit, you will agree that Spa ME is where you belong.
R.
Townsend
I'm really getting tired of Adele
ran a pretty good race today.
16:24 5k.
That's a 29 second overall PR, and a 45 second season PR.
Just saw Nina get caught sneaking out of the attic
So Far Me and Shellby are loving the Show :
Going to see the five year engagement today
GamesIPlayedWhenIWasLittle Super Mario Brothers, Contra, Earthworm Jim, MK3, WarCraft 2, Quake, Doom...
oh my, thousand of them.
Yes You do!
: studio went UHMAZING!!!
Haha SO excited for you to hear!!
U rock my socks off!
Ur a Nashville rockstar now
prayforjapan!!!
so sad :
congrats on the launch!
Launching a twitter acct for my childoctorn's book soon but in the interim follow me
That genuinely made me laugh.
busy week of prep for a great week and event in Indy...
Lookin fwd to Tiant sticks w/good people out there
That's what im watching!
Puts a spring in our step.
Thx for the tweet.
I said as she ages, watch!
:
I be feelin nyself after i leave the gym
I take no shame.
She likes you :3
Thank you, good suh.
Time For Ah New Bio RT If U Wana Be In It
A person simply named Bacon just pledged to my Kickstarter campaign.
Was it the Bacon lobbying industry?
Ouch, nevermind...it's nose to the grindstone time.
I am outlining a sci fi story about the ascension of the human race, the destruction of earth, and the blending of man and
It's good to be reminded of this: The Net interprets censorship as damage and routes around it.
John Gilmore in Time magazine 6/12/93.
Breakdown posted for a LA Film School short film, The Day He Learnt to Fly.
Wonder what the script is like.
lol thats the funniest part.
Someones always gotta make a fake account to talk shit.
NW: The NoteBook
I still LOVED ITT!!!
We got mom and dad up really early this morning so they were not late for work.
We are such GOOD Pugs!
Have a good week....
Thank you for the follows Stephen , John , Linda  Melody
We are taking on Wells Fargo and its poverty level jobs, Wednesday, the 25th at 3:30!
Greater Bethel AME Church, 245 NW 8th St.
The Silk Tie likes NowYouBeYou!
How about a silk tie instead of a bowtie, thesilktie.com
We just got Tyranena Bitter Woman IPA and Strongbow in cans...sound good?
Come on down!
We're open at 4pm today.
I'm great!
It still hurts sometimes, but it's not as bad!
Thank you so much for asking!
:
Hey girls I'm offering a 35 discount on any one item to the first person that books a party for May 11.
505.264.8834 call/text
Thank you!!
Watching RAW as always :
Hm I kinda feel bad for leaving now
I can't.
But it's 9016190479
Just bc the right pulls quotes from founders referring to god or religion does NOT mean they ever intended our gov't run by it....
hehe lol well when you have to time.
this is a private matter.
so dms or email would be great
Media briefing to kickoff SuperBowl weekend!
Inception had to of been the best movie i have ever seen.
You played the role to perfection.
:
ew not you Mom
Yes, a poster session wd be great.
Talked about collaborative markup  Gephi today
Thank you Marisela.
Such a beautiful name.
You need a blessing soon, I know that He will never let you carry a load you can't bear
Never say im not enough.
follow back?
Merry Christmas to all !
hey can i have a shoutout?
or if u wanna explain to me what a 20 for 20 is il possibly do that
Flower Boy Ramyun Shop,doctoram High,Protect the Boss, Playful Kiss,My Girlfriend is a Gumiho, Your Beautiful,Boys Over Flowers
Shady 2.0 bringing lyricism back to mainstream hiphop?
Am I too late?
Dwight Howard is killing his image.
QUIT ACTING LIKE A CHILD.
Your an adult who doesn't like your boss.
ITNS in play  huge peenystock Pr finally out!
Newspapers write about events, the Web uses events to write about ideas?
HPNG Goes to the Bronx!
Nov.
2nd HPNG Latino Leaders Networking Event with Guest Speaker Bronx Borough President Ruben Diaz, Jr.
Don't leave something good to see if you can find better, because once you realize you had the best the best found better.
The media paranoia in the Mexican presidential debate is so odd.
Letterman: Rush Limbaugh is down to two national sponsors: Crisco  Twinkies.
Rooney Mara s Edgiest Looks: How the Tattoo  Star Is Pushing the Fashion Envelope Rooney Mara has definitely made a nam
No your not.
:
I'm Out 414 Damage Mode G.F.B.
Its Problems Hoe.
Happy birthday !!!
3
This world is getting crazier every day.
Are you more amazed at how things change, or how they stay the same?
Cheryl Wheeler
who wants to skype?
sometimesyouhaveto sacrifice what you had for what you truly want.
With the historian it is an article of faith that knowledge of the past is a key to understanding the present.
I have a habit of making nouns into verbs.
I do what I want.
eating bacon?
Yes way.
I freaked out a little bit.
Amen!
RT : Ive never really gotten into boxing, but I definitely want to find a way to watch this MayweatherCotto fight tmister night
I just took my english exam.
and an ass whooping is an ass whooping
Phone call or a text  which do you prefer?
Straight up!
RT Lie to me once and I'll start questioning everything you say or do.
Our doctorm was falling apart, so we ducttaped it.
Good as new
A night of NBA ball Thunder v.
Celtics and Mavs v.
Lakers, Australian Open and Republican SC debate.Spring semester is well in sight!
WENGER YOU BLEW IT.
GOOD LUCK SIGNING NASRI WHEN YOU BLEW THE CC BY NOT LETTING HIM RUN THE MIDFIELD.
HE AND CESC WILL LEAVE
good thing I have Netflix I mean
doctorving downtown to work 
Amazing work !RT : Impressed by the videos tonight at Sing2012?
They are the work of
Good morning
terrible ex girlfriend to have taken a year of my life and showed me how much it hurts to be used when needed and forgotten when not so in
actually, whats worse is that if you torture the model it will show you anything,see also the myth of statistical significance
write that down van wilder CONGLOMERATE respect it like busta said...
Good morning bean town!
Laker game now!
Once your out here you can go as much as you'd like :
When Mel comes over 
Home, but sitting in the car until Shoop is done playing on the radio.
Nineteen years later, this jam is still straight fire.
sick right before christmas...why
I guess they decided to pluck a day out of late April for this Leap Year.
Fact You Will Have Absolutely No Use For In Your Lifetime: In 1857, The US mint stopped making the halfcent coin.
In Ancient Greek mythos, Spring happened because Demeter, the harvest and fertility goddess, was welcoming her daughter home.
BTW..I'm in the gym 3 times a week and only eat chicken or fish  no fried foods.
I bet my lungs can STILL outdo yours!!
Just about died when I found out were going to be on the 3
.
A good photo, like a good painting, is more than decorative: it leads your eye to see and your mind to connect  imagine.
I need to get a copy of Kelly Clarkson's latest album.
Idk it was this good!
i wouldve said the same thing
Today I had broccoli for lunch, but then I ate a doughnut.
So basically I'm at zero, right?
That's how nutrition works?
Glad for the CBS ratings tonight...but this is like gumbo...w/ rice...
IThankGod that the health scare my mom had the other week wasn't cancer.
Free Tickets to See the OffBroadway show MACBETH in NYC Follow for more info!
Wish I was at the b side tonight...
:
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
thank you!!
glad you're enjoying it!
:
what color lipstick you wearing?
Haha j/k..
go get em!
yo New York...im at Brother Jimmys at 16th st...let's have a PBR
I can't comprehend on how people HATE on a certain group or person in the music industry, unless they really are ignorant.
Cuba Gooding sucks in this movie
RT : Reminder: this Fri a contest for our Twitter friends only!
5/27 at 12pm pst for a chance to win!
adobe cq5 needs to expand their training past the websites, DAM and security tabs.
Learning so much about tags today
omgg guess what!
Hate to go fix em tho.
lol I never lie still on tables lol
Once we choose hope, everything is possible.
Christopher Reeve
No just for that!
Hell no!
Was elevenburritos already taken?
Xavier's dance concert is June 23  6pm at Flowers HS.
Grp rate tix are 20 each.
Would like to attend?
If so, how many tix?
I hope Pedoctor has got it.
After being at the game two years ago when he hit a grand slam, I doctorpped 50 on his rookie card!
Heading down the home stretch.
Last break before the end of class.
One more round of questions to follow shortly.
you have to message me to win, hit me up!!
seen bits and pieces today...bout ta be a problem!
I would argue that it's who is receiving the education,
You're a great basketball coach/player but what else are you?
What things define you as a person and as a professorssional?
guys that wear bro tanks.
If you woke up in a bed with a roof over your shoulders, then there's no reason you can't be thankful for something today!
aw!
Thanks, lady :
Thanks.
I'm working with !
A beautiful film!
Morning Rockstars!
You cannot plough a field by turning it over in your mind.
Author Unknown
I just have a taste for Bacon...
or Chinese food.
Maybe Chinese food with Bacon on the side.
Just a thought
/// Every little thing is getting on my nerves right now.
king of shuffleboard and accidentally sitting on your testicles
Little disappointed in the lack of Twiggy or other unrecognizable members of the band.
Why even have the full band shots?
then we don't have a problem!
haha : My BFF is...
only time I've thought about cheering for them was in the final 4 vs.
UK
Good lookin' out  thanks for the shoutouts.
We'd like to thank for the delicious food and impeccable service in catering this week's TBRI training.
Baby sleeping good I bet.
lol
t is all right you can just congradulate them for their marriage
Bored  Goes to kitchen  Opens fridge  Looks inside  Leaves empty handed
Good morning beautiful people!!!
Looking good, TT!
Tannehill can play!
Great athlete too!
I think he's a great fit for the Fins.
Definitely increases playoff chances
I already have June through August booked for Dark After Thoughts.
There are some pretty awesome shows coming you don't want to miss
I am only friends with ppl who have personally tried to kill me
thanks for the info.
will look into it!
If I can't hear them I don't care.
Simpsons' Minnesota shout out!
I never wanted to grow up, I just wanted to be tall enough to reach the cookies.
Laying here thinking...
I've heard ESPN and Disney are quite the slumlords.
Best of luck surviving through that hell!
lookin a little red up there
Great OpEd from on 's new book
Good Night from Las Vegas!!
Sweet doctorams.....
I'm in Dahab.
It's a little slow for me.
I miss the mayhem of Cairo.
I'm still asked to surrender data so I can read a whitepaper.
Not needed.
Ok, then I won't read your whitepaper.
so true
Dj C.N.C presents 2UCALL ITS200 stroke my pole contest cabaret 2 patron hennesy bacardi grey goose budlight bud coronasmore!
Such a maligned professorssion they deserve a week!
MT : Today is Meteorologist Day
I'm on the porch with no followers
Dear Hollywood: please, please stop rebooting things.
That is all.
same here  my Mum is visiting this weekend, house is a mess,  I have a blog post to finish.
Think a beer will get me motivated?
I think imma make a rapp:
PickUpLine: Hi, my name is Milk.
I'll do your body good.
people piss me off
And THAT is one gigantic tragedy.
What a great, great work of art.
What?!
Oh come on...
Make some popcorn...That always makes me feel better :
William L.
DeAndoctora Lifes two Great Questions Why me and What do I do now
omg you's are babies!
yooo what up doe
Doesn't change the fact that I've found my soulmate.
3
Jef in TheBachelorette is my boy!
SO ADORABLE!

me n Katie Are throwin our bras up at the crofoot!
3 3
OMG best pic EVER :
I concur.
Brewer fans with a clear victory in the shouting match after root, root, root for the during today's Take Me Out The Ballgame.
Ya, but you're cute!
Limbaugh's just gross.
Delays in repairing city finances hurt all Detroit taxpayers.
At least 1/3 of your tax dollars go toward debt service  pension obligations.
Andy Russell  game starts here  ends there; toy is openended.
app challenge panel all designed toys
Awesome show Marc  Pitbull Congratulations Calle 13 soy un fan de la mata.
RT: SignsYouLostAFight you black out and scurry to the pokemon center.
Gravity issues in Angry Birds Space is killing me!
this is heavy.
And for some reason i am up...
Enjoy that day off!
You watch The Real Housewives
Hey, thanks!
I dig the site.
Where are you based out of?
If I'm not doing numbers I doing your bitch, BITCH
i love this song :
So happy to be home and about to curl up in my very own bed.
Spending Friday night at home after such an exhausting week was the best decision i've made in weeks
SPACECAMP finally signed a record contract with Modern Records!
What happens now?
U Anit even bout dat life
Stop that.
RT I'm at The Outback
Bored right now
Hi Tony, More than happy to promote The Metro at future events .....
Yes i do think we will get there.
Where at in ga do you live?
Thank you sir for the FF :
Im tired but im not.
Get a little ironing done?
Oh I know but why did they have to pick that fugly doctorss.
take it easy there killer
I just looked at the other LitFuse site in Seattle, and it says that she makes websites too!!!
We are going to have to look in to this.
WhatAWomanNeeds is a woman who understands her needs!
OneThingIDontLike He Don't Text Back
9.5g cookies: Chocolate Chip, Oatmeal Cranberry, and Peanut butter
Last night in Maui, no lovely sunsets the entire time we were here.
Plus I hardly took any photos, didn't really venture out much in storms.
that's HORRIBLE :
ROW A THON!
Support today and tomorrow at the MU Union while they row their little hearts out!
Day 2, still raining, still need more coffee.
Glad you could join the tweeting world!
Reminder: Tomorrow 1st of the month 20  off your purchase...come to any of our 3 locations and do you Sunday Shopping!
: awesome!
I would wait until August for Maui
i know you may have wanted to read it, but think of how embarrassed she would have been.
gotta respect her for her decision.
x
I can't wait to kick Romney's cocky ass in November
goo to bed

what's going on?
Watching the world cup.
Let's keep it going USA.
The more you complain, the longer God makes you live.
Bumble, a handful of us are in front of the venue waiting in line.
Are you able to stop and say hi?
wtf.
a bunch of people keep unfollowing me.
:
IKR !
they are such good singers
And TOUT helped me catch it all on video
Ooohhh we, met me a seeexxxyyy serbian chick today at the mall.
That makes 2..!!
:
we stopped talking cause you started talking to her  her  her  her  her  her  her  her her  her  and her 
It's lunch time.
And I don't know what I want.
Perhaps a charbroiled child wrapped in bacon with a healthy salad on the side?
modeling isnt for every girl, just like rapping isnt for every black guy...
instead of circling fame nd money...find wht makes u happy
anus cheese on your pillows ?
Lexington is trending.
Can not help but smile.
Love this city!
Eff my life..I hate studying for geometry test mister.G always has me freaked out!
Thanks for the RT.
Have you been to any of the Somali places on the list?
Hoping to try my first in the next week or so.
Pres.
Shimon Peres to miamimegamission: greatest natural resource Israel has human beings.
Ppl enriched land more than land enriched ppl
First day of class and tennis in San Diego.
My pride to high to keep asking one time is good
Did you attend our Annual Meeting this week?
We're looking for blog posts recapping sessions and other thoughts on the conference.
thanks for the comments!
my gma just called to tell me Obama is on the view today..
My neighbors just gave me some fried zuccini flowers.
Yum.
That heart sinking feeling you get when you read something you dont want to know.
What if I told you we have a new song coming out soon...
it wasn't even u!
Wow I cant believe u have that big a crush on me!
How long do you have to say that, This is not the person I used to know.
You're not the person I used to know.
Ok.
Be there in 5
Went for a 5 mile run threw central park gota get it in!
everyone's like be careful bla bla I ain't scared!
but I did lose my house key.
At lecture 2 learn about DH initiative at Princeton.
It's a pretty full house!
I have a new surprise addition coming soon to Revenj!!
how is the city treating you ?
Home sweet home.
The San Antonio Spurs have outscored their opponents by 16 points per 100 possessions in the last 20 games of the 201112 season.
working at my internship with the radio station with Mary and having fun.
chestnut brothers for the win!
If you can doctorw, give me your hands.
Thank you GOD for waking me up this morning and thank you for all my followers and the more that coming
Not sure how his availability is 'uncertain.' He's being held w/o bail until Monday.
Rodgers  500y passing?
That's what we use old card catalog cards for.
Apparently NASA has web crawling needs..
Show your true Facebook colours
Brad, Happy Easter bro!
im so furrreaking mad.
love that idea!!!
Practicing w/ Twitter
yes, upgraded from a 3GS.
Am totally devoted.
: 3
Very excited to talk mhealth in NYC this week.
Staged reading tonight pm.
The Bridge Theatre at Shetler Studios 244 w 54th, 12 floor!
Thank you!
: Aw hail no!
weatherjokes but seriously it is coming down Houston hahaha that cracks me up
Women must lead!
You can't be what you can't see  Marion Wright Edelman.
It was a great game!
And thank you so much.
Hope you have a good weekend!
No problem.
Hey I had some tech difficulties from our podcast back in Dec.
but finally fixed it.
Will go up later today.
She excitedly confided in me that she has aGASP30yo lover.
I shut her down by saying a yr ago I was blowing a 56yo for hockey tickets.
Our artist lineup is growing everyday check out the new artists with Poised Creation.
So thrilled to have been featured on the all things Parisian wedding blog, today.
Yo Sean,,, you wanna help us edit?
Proactively enhancing my art to provide love and emit positive vibrations.
Great lunch and bloody mary at
Alpha Delta Pi.
First, finest, forever.
Just studying at the Tea Bazaar with , Liam, , and Ben trendy/folksy
Solid little night doing what I do best..
Namedoctorpper!!
We're number 8 on the ReverbNation Blues charts for Jacksonville, FL.
www.reverbnation.com/rufar0
Time to go to school .
shut up, you know you like them :
Shooting the lovely Ann Arbor all day.
Show me your good side, darling.
Took my baby brother to the park :
It b what it b.
I ain't tripping.
Pacers39; improved chemistry big factor in success
Oregon state fair show is cancelled.
I'm literally in tears.
I went through so much to get these.
Home Quote of the Day Topics Authors Quiz Words professorssions Birthdays
Lol.
Bitch, I been reading since b4 you was born!
duh that show is crazy
That was the FUNNIEST Get in the Cage EVER!
SNL!
please send them to my site.
Okay I'm off to bed :
I'm obsessed with Burger King's Frappe.
You make me wanna die I'll never be good enough8
miaRT : Please RT if you're ready to have the best New Years of your life!
In downtown Chicago.
I always like it here.
Best hashtag ever?
louistheswagmaster1D I think so I also enjoy
HA!
Only the good ones do...the rest aren't worth the time
No unfortunately I moved back to Baltimore.
Will be back for 4th of July !
So we will have to party it up at the pool
not sure, but what  of spending budget is IT?
decent amount IMO
Thinking about roasting S'mores w/ my hubby last night!
XOX Did I mention it was yummy too??
Love to ab :
I can see that.
Was sort of wondering what they would do in stage besides banter!
roll one burn one gucci
Dont have time for a peel but want to look refreshed try a 5 Tca peel under the eye to really smooth and tighten the delicate tissue.
You rock!
Hope you enjoy your first meal!
i hate when i take naps, i wake up hot.
About 40 talented actors at this table read.
Nice.
Tuesday HCG TipIn the 50s tuna wasnt allowed b/c it was packed in oil.
Now water packed tuna is allowed  encourage fast weightloss on P2
Once burned by milk you will blow on cold water.
Russian Proverb
scoping out for collaborators at Africa Underground Smithsonian Event tonight.
thanks for the ff !
Prayer really does sooth the soul.
There is this very disturbing rhythmic thumping in my office building today.
It's like a heartbeat.
telltaleheart?
Beyonce' and JayZ finally did it!!
Aw baby Jayonce lmfao
Incense w/ thevirginmary Jesus  Saints on the package!
Only  the 99 cents store.
Who came up w/that?
I knew either you or would be the first people to reply to that but
Got a new phone today, I'm going to try to tweet tweet more
Leo  old makeup  Jon Voigt
Thanks for following!
Have a wonderful weekend!
:
Where are you going with this?!
Twitter is all about SAGawards tonight!
RT : What's the funniest thing you've ever done in a photobooth?
thanks for fallowing!
:
I know, it's a pretty rare car to own.
You might be our new hero!
I like the info viz aspect.
Quick mapping of, say, P1/P2/P3 on same continuum, then looking vertically for patterns
It seems right now that all I've ever done in my life is making my way here to you.
The comedy rule of 3 !
Yes  Yes your character turns 18!
U too :
tweet each other I'm trying to get some beautysleep and Matt I can be any slut u want me to be I'm always down to
Watching Bobby Fischer interviews.
Why can't such a genius be sane?
sup man?
You still alive?
BestBandInTheWorld uh...
Big Time Rush!
Big Time Rush!Big Time Rush!Big Time Rush!Big Time Rush!Big Time Rush!
uh...DUH!!!!!!!!
Twitter is now loading slow :
is there a kick around tonight at swope?
I may have to go to brunch today, in order to have a socially sanctioned reason to begin doctornking before noon.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
TRIVIA TUESDAY!
Here's a toughie...who can tell me what was so unusual/unique about the apartment where Keith Moon of The Who died?
thanks for the retweet;
Hey if you're interested in fantasy football, check out the new Fantasy Football Stock Market at www.orpster.com.
is he cute?
lol :D we are just hilarious people!
My mom is the best hands down tho!
She loves my crazy ass some how lol
Why isn't 's cd being sold in stores!?!
I have to listen on youtube for now XD
'SC plates for all!
Definition of,stand up sit down type of guy: stands up only when it makes them look good or it's safe.
had breakfast with my twin brother this morning  was glad that he and i started another year together again.
thank you the powers that be
I dont know but we have to find the nest and destroy it.
there were literally 10 in my house today
Wish you the best.
Hang tough.
Massive changes about to occur.
hahaha oh the good times
Thank God for waking me this morning today try to help some one that doesnt have like u
wow!!!
You are so funny and I never see you!!!
when's the decadent housewarming?
Good morning to all my new tweeties!!!
Thx for following DYNPR.
Be sure to keep up with me!!
RT : The opens tomorrow!
What are you most excited to see?
Our kickball team is 02.
Need to turn things around tonight!
I lived in North Carolina for a bit.
Days like today are why I don't any longer.
congrats you guys did it
King of the mashups in a remix culture, Paul.
But I'm really being selfish.
I'd like to see Reynolds back on the television.
Happy Mother's Day To mister.
Simmons .
3
tru But u r evil sometimes
Join the Ybor City Striders at our first Team Meeting at The Laughing Cat in Ybor at 7 pm September 1st.
i got a craving for chicken and waffles...
Kentucky Derby 2012: How the Innkeeper sees it so far...
His abs, the fact that he doesn't judge men,  just his personality!
You missed the Last Train to Amsterdam, but not the last one to Marietta!
Hop on and come see us tonight at Swayzes!
sounds interesting, what time are you looking for attendees to participate?
right back 'atcha.
WORDS TO THE WISE: THE NEW MINIUM WAGE 15.00 BUCKS AN HOUR  PAT FORD
she's the sweetest taste of sin
I have.
My problem is that I can't make them go awayeven when settings are at 0.
Who are these random musicians playing sob songs?
Is it amateur night at the grammys?
so perhaps I'm just taking your Philadelphia gay space on the roster?
:
Congratulations to Susan Lee, who passed her oral exam this Tuesday, May 2.
: my Jjay!
Miss u hey there miss u more XOXO
Thanks for sharing with us about your vision and work.
Interested to hear what folks think the future holds for magazines.
CSU impressive in the first half against Murray St.
Dig the dude on Murray with the fro!
LOL
Dam im tired
STOP!
If your next post mentions Katy Perry or Russell Brand, you're too late!
We know...
Got A Big Deals on the Table I Just gt the Call tht ITSGOINGDDOWN HA Only thing Now between meThese Deals is TIME U KIDDIN ME?
Monks brewing beer in the Middle Ages were allowed to doctornk five quarts of beer a day...
Monk hood wasn't so bad.
This puzzle will not get done tonight...
:
For some reason I really want those buddy holly glasses and I don't think they look that bad
you bet.
Based on the same scientific protocol as most uses of compression: it looks cool.
;
I'm in.
I want a tambourine.
Heading out to run some errands.
Than hitting the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
She was a belieber only for followers.
RT : why did you change your name from ?
Don't you like
confession I'm spontaneous :
haha yeah i wish i had memory loss for that moment lol
wish I was in St Louis...
No breakfast yet I'm Downtown hungry idk bout this expensive ass food maybe Ill eat some Brightmor Grandy's
SASSC Followers, we apologize for the spam tweets  direct messages earlier today as we had our account hacked.
Please don't click anything.
YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL!!
Yep, at current pace it's going to be a VERY long season.
What both of you said.
nonstop poppin, balldoctorppin fun!terrible playskool ad
Get the Security Personnel You Want  When you Need Them!
You fancy, huh?
Sounds Yummy!
RT Indulging on the tastiest doctornk: chaider.
Thank you !
You're the best!
Watching The Avengers has made me want to become a super heroine!
Are you selling yourself to hard online?
Stop.
Time to give your target what they really want.
Information and resources.
to bad i couldntt meet one direction today at the signing:/ theres always tomorrow; yay!
cant wait3
FB RT: In The Studio: Brian DeYoung: Setting up a Project Template in Revit.
Everything you could ever need to know.
Live in 3 weeks!
baby I wish you were here with me so I can snuggle with you 3
DAY ONE of no car :
Gihan, We are here to turn around the fear.
We have unleashed a tool called Turbovote.
'The Maya Prophecy, a novel' is in production.
Keep an eye out.
It's coming soon!!!
Beauty should not just be defined by whats on the outside
Me: Is this a good game?
: yeah.
: Why?
Because of the back and forth?

Its fuckin funny...
Some chicas just cant dance.
No rythm....
Funny shit.
Such a turn off.
Well my leg is official jackedup and retarded :
well said Lisa.
So true.
Better than I deserve.
RT : hi Paula how r u?
the only thing that will get alex Nauth out of his cave is a bad ass tour ;
omg so true i do the same lol
I'll check with Jeff tomorrow.
We'll be talking
Very well said!
happy birthday Dani.
I hope you have an amazing one.
:
my baby's all grownd up.
But I'd have to see proof to believe.
and maybe a recipe too.
Lol.
Who's ready to get a 1 this upcoming week?
everybody loves you
I thought my ears were burning!
LOL Glad you all had a great show!
Just got paid 45 for 2 hours of baby sitting
I am Shahin Najafi.
Every free person in this world is indeed.
im looking at my daughter and wondering how life is going to treat her with her disability and sad to say i wont always be
go away and i didnt call you a bitch
perhaps upset he's not listed as a Top 15 player in the league : 
Watching one of my students in the grad school program demonstrate his culinary ability on the rhode show!; nice...
My current restaurant hit list: below in no order Joe Dough, Paulie Gee's, Taco Bell Union Square, Takashi, Kutsher's Tribeca, Super Linda
Did you know we do Free 1minute Mastering Samples in our topoftheline Mastering Package 'D'?
www.diamondiscaudio.com
ICutYouOff not to hurt you, but to make sure you don't ever think about hurting me again!

legislative hall now : here we go!
My marriage is on the rocks again; yeah, my wife just broke up with her boyfriend.
Rodney Dangerfield
enjoyed your site and see a tremendous need for what you offer.
Thank you friend!
3 more days till we rock the Cincinnati Guitar Show!!!
Also: I blame Dan Savage.
Also: Fuck Dan Savage.
that's mine too!!
Love it!
I should be though
oh but I do like those outfits!
Gym bag packed for lunch time workout.
That's the only thing I'm looking forward to today.
Did you know that anxiety, phobias and panic attacks can go away finally, permanently, fully and forever?
Hypnosis works!
Mi fuckin throat hurt r/s
Great.
I'll start working on calendars and location.
This is nuts!!!!
I see whats going on here, you two a thing?
your very beautiful
Cool, let's get coffee soon.
Let's try again!
How Are Genetically Engineered Crops Affecting Foods?
ow.ly
no haha.
that's the part i was having a hard time with.
oh fuck yeah you coming to Denver and Boulder.
Will it be your first time in Colorado?
Dear Austin Carter Mahone, that smile of yours is the reason I wake up every morning.
i am sorry
I'm up!
I'm up!
I'm up!
Now just have to move my body lol.
Good morning all!
Totally.
She killed it at conference RT : HA!
Hope you wished a happy
RT : We've reached the first media timeout of the ACCTRNY, with Maryland leading Wake 127.
All five starters have scored for MD.
really?
That would be dope!
Maybe they can just scroll a disclaimer during the first six!
Lol
Prom goers got pulled over.
sighs memories lol
lol thanks for the taco king ::
Yeah for sure.
Zuck made a note of that in his update on his Timeline, because it definitely seems that way!
thanks for the follow my friend!
Miss your smile and spirit!
Sending you 80 degree sunshine from San Diego : 
is gonna be at the q102springleball.
We should go, right?
BREAKING NEWS: you're awesome!
Thanks Jason!
We're happy to be here!
Ford's dad always says that dogs are eternal optimists.
They will just keep trying no matter how many times you say no :
The Brewers recently signed two OFs yet they claim they know nothing about Braun's status.
I'm calling their bluff.
The heavy breathing on this conference call is NOT ACCEPTABLE!
HR violation!
Coconut cake with coconut frosting.
Now don't you wish you were alaleftbehind ?
;
I know!
It's even worse when you think about feeding it to your kid.
Why can't they just keep food simple?
Not going to be able to hang out with my roommates this entire week.
Guess I'll just have to indulge myself with Minecraft.
Warroad dominated the tempo in the first period but the score remains 00 against South St.
Paul.
Str8 up RT : Err dog has his day...
i'm thinking of starting a blog dedicated to said subpar musicians to publicly humiliate them enough that maybe they'll stop?!
You already know haha
what's going on with inkefx?
Anything coming for summer?
Even if things have died in your life, at the water of God's Word it will spring to life again.
Nothing is impossible to God!
The Dictator starts at 7 
same here, I haven't been out in months...going to happy hour tomorrow though, we'll see how that goes.
I'm about to check that out
I feel like I have ADD right now...
All of a sudden I can't focus on my homework.
In Texas, Mosquitos show up on radar.
Sitting in an office for 8 hours straight makes me feel like a caged bird.
Not trying to sing, as much as flap my wings and get out!
just tried the new touchscreen machine at neat!
i wish club soda was an option.
sometimes i want bubbles and no sugar.
Nothing matters anymore.
My two teams are out.
Over 100 followers overnight!!!!!
C3 is the fastest growing muscle car club in Dallas!!!!
Challengers, Camaros and Chargers STAND UP!!!
thank you!
yep!
And I spoke on how to keep a fanbase engaged in a genuine way inbetween asks
bluegrass band eh?
I'm from the chestertown area.
What band?
Chester river runoff?
Blackbird singing in the dead of night, take these broken wings and learn to fly.
there was a suspicion that the teacher was y.
Today is the day...so exciting!
Dirk flopping and shit
88.5 KCSN Los Angeles is the best...Listening to BSide Ray Lamontagne is all I need...BSide anything on radio these days rocks...
Median wealth of US white households20x black households, 18x Hispanic households; the largest gap since govt started collecting data.
We were STYLIN : leaving here in 20 mins...YOU GUYS BETTER B READY :
How many ppl do he block?
Can't wait!
RT thanks 4 the shoutout 2 We're proud of our baby.
Season 2 will be even better!
I left you in the past so that I could have a better future.
Congrats!
Such a blessing.
Enjoy the sleepless nights!
can't wait to see you !!
8 hours in the car was entirely too long.
It was good to see family : Looking forward to the hotel  seeing on 7/22
Wtf is African Jew trending?
Twitter is racist.
Confidence comes not from always being right, but from not fearing to be wrong.
So excited to join on tonight to talk about citywide portion control campaign from !
Starts 9PM
If you can't make art, make your life a work of art  Andoctor Malraux
Trying to decide where to go for vacation in May with Scott.
I'm thinking Florida sounds good!
FollowAnyTime no, no THANK YOU!
We spotted it in Brookfield, Wis  the BN store there at the mall.
I may have yelled It's Phil's book!
in middle of store
if that is wrong, I don't want to know what right is RT : Am I wrong cuz I wanna get it on til I die?
COME CHECK OUT THE NIKE JORDAN AND ADIDAS WE HAVE IN STOCK!!!!
we took the crap out of scrapple.
It's not offal...
Brewers magic number 18...let's knock off 6 more with this weeks Cards series!
lmao come join me and anthony for some smores at our bonfire lol
Just heard new song and it is awsome I can't wait to hear the whole CD
There is the Holiday Inn about a block or so away.
Group code EG5.
Racine always confuses me too!
Sounds like a good group for the wedding :
May 15 1942 WWII ended C
Made friends toward the end of 1st semester and haven't spoke to them since.
Rest in Peace Dick Clark
Aww, thanks, Ashley!
Made my day.
You deserve a ff right back!
Anyone have a lunch recommendation for easton?
Close to Weyerbacher.
Fan since UCLA!
My brother was just diagnosed with CML.
Just learning, sad to miss QA!
Good sources of Info?
Million  ideas ...
Hundoctord  plans.
Fuck that new girl that you like so bad.
uhh I think chase gav me the wrong number.
my daughter is so sweet!
well, that some of you..
needs to teach more of the others !
haha :
Need to dance Need to dance Need to dance Can't dance broken stereo!
Need to dance Need to dance
Whales Adjust Their Hearing Sensitivity: When warned of a loud noise, a false killer whale reduced its hearing sensitivity in anticip...
OMG I have been looking at jersey shore all day and I still have not do any of the homework my teacher gave me on Friday WOW
doctorve by Laugh Factory  I THINK I saw your name, but didn't see it on Website.
R U in LA performing?
I'll check Laugh Factory
Let's kick this thang OFF!!!
hating my new upstairs neighbors.
it is not OK to throw cigarette butts, trash, and broken class from your patio to mine.
Nobody outside of your Gamecock bedfellows, anyway.
There's a reason your network lags so far behind.
Thank goodness I got one of my papers out of the way!
now only 5 more to go.
AND I got an A on the midterm I thought I did terrible on, yay
Pacer piston brawl ..where is the Guy now who got head knocked off by world peace lol
can I borrow the first book of Game of Thrones from you?
How does one get a foot in the door with the nps?
I found the PERFECT job, but they are only ever hiring internally!
u know it bro lol
God Bless America as we move to the next page in the story untold.
www.rickeyleewatson.com Where tomorrows America is in today's Childoctorn
It should be illegal for RAs to be that hot.
If physical therapy is supposed to make me feel good, it doesn't.
they definitely played poorly down the stretch in that game, no denying that.
Last day today for our intern.
Good luck in Prague, James!
Thanks for all of your hard work and dedication.
Have an amazing time!
Men on 1st and 3rd, no outs.
Late night up with fam
where u at
An hour and fifteen minutes from going home and packing for Jessica's wedding!
3 hour 47 minute flight to Arizona for spring training with prospect handbook.
Should be able to get about 1/3 done.
Concerned about Tony Iommi.
Hope he beats this.
Seriously?
You forgot to thank your horse.
Austin office building Colina West sold to MMValue Investment Co.
LLC.
Avg rents were 14.45 N at time of sale.
RT : RT : Twitter is becoming the newspaper of the future says at 's
20For mans anger does not produce the righteousness of God James 1:20
Deal with it bitch
You too close lol RT : BECAUSE I SAID SO!!!
I donno u  I don't like ppl in my personal space!
Back up!
One time a purported taxi doctorver picked my son up at Union Station, and he didn't even have a license or meter.
sshhhh...don't tell them the secret.
lol.
I mean I need to walk SOMEWHERE
yes!!
Who you cheering for today??
Omg!
I have to work early , hating iit!
I'm tired
Me TOO!!
Why is it so cold right now?
ugh
When we laugh really hard at anything we forget everything else.
If we can forget everything else and enjoy the moment while laughing...
The start of the week can be pretty daunting!
What are some tips for staying motivated throughout the week?
Packing up the H3D gear to go shoot
I wannabe your Everlasting Light!
The Black Keys Rock!
Hey , of course.
I'm just getting out of this panel so I'll be in the Thomas room writing, but I could always use a break!
I've been good.
School is well and all
So what's the point?
dumb ass I know where he is from dipshit Earl needs his.momma to put him in check
that's what you do when you want everybody to like you.
Try the shrimp tacos!
How can you not sing along to Bohemian Rhapsody!?
Women and fools never forgive.
Chinese Proverb
CALL  RESPONSE will be open today at 570 Broad Street from 15 pm.
Stop in and check out the exhibit.
It closes next week.
Why choose Newbridge Home Loans: Portfolio Products with no limit on the number of financed properties for investors
u falling up in there
100 mothafuckas can't tell me nothing.
Tell that to Braski.
Thanks so much for the add: Have a great weekend and wishing you
I think my dad is going to have the same things done...
as it is, he only has half of his teeth, I think
I live in LA
Happy New Year man!;
Happy Saturday Beautiful People.
Another warm and beautiful day in LA ThankYouMorePlease  XavierLT.com
Pls see  good stuff.
Happy birthday, Claude Shannon, inventor of information theory, who built a computer that calculated in roman numerals
RT: In the face!
In the face hahahahaha
Enjoying my last few mini eggs before returning to my days of no dairy
thats how i do
This lady got the THIRST lol come on now she too old to be doin all this
I always get so excited when I meet someone new in my dept.
Probably cuz this college is so tiny, it rarely happens lol.
Haha I just turned on twitter  it said that you tweeted to me sayin 'i just Texted them' what were you talkin bout?
Haha.
I'm getting up early to take my sister to worship practice.
So why don't you practice recorder for a while?
Oy gevalt.
that just has to be mom related.
whatidoknowis Ya Betta Go Follow My Gurl She Needs 1,000 Followers By Tonight , So go follow her..
Jam up 2623 with 2:27 to left in the first period
Queen Noor used to string for CBS News.
You do not wanna see Alannachan doctornking coffee...
.
thx so much!
:
Got to stay focused.
Keeping my eyes on the prize
Ha!
My inspiration was MySpace pages.
Could you tell?
:
Hey Chloë!
We love you so much and we just created an account for the fans.
Please follow us or even mention us.
XOXO.
alreadyy am also just wanted to let you know ILOVEYOU.
He also failed to shave and has bags under his eyes that suggest he hasn't slept in days.
by the time i download the app it's gonna crash too
Can't wait to next week!
Loving talking about perception.
you okay boo?
Vegas Fight Weekend Rule 48 Canelo fighting at MGM  mad thick mexican chicks on the strip latenight
Thinking about skipping school today ...
When I see an ugly character on TV, I always wonder A what the casting call was like and B what you feel like when you get said part.
Thx for making such awesome ethical nursing clothes you really help make it easier xo
JulesVerne FrenchVegetableStew was the first soup introduced and we sold out of each container!!
A few spice modifications we nailed it!
Parents always talking about school
an alcoholic ; just kidding though
Oh my God...Yale better stop tweeting ridiculous stuff now :P
I just puppet warped a pen.
And cut no cut more guns more guts fuck boy you fucked up twice you considerin' you doctorwnin'
I Miss you calling me tushie .....:
thats coo..u been being good?
Watching It's Always Sunny to get ready for RSA
caring will never be a flaw.
That is so wonderfully human and natural!
I love your board and repinned some to my wall.
Thanks!
Therese'
It's always sunny.
life:
The Broncos got a 6th round steal with Danny Trevathan.
I don't care how big you are, you lead the SEC in tackles for 2 years, you belong.
21 Record, the team's looking good.
RT : CHIP vote 3rd anniv.
tomorrow  thanks for your vote to InvestInKids  cover millions of
i tried calling u, i will try again tomorrow!
The 49ers seem to want it more.
They are hitting harder and making plays.
But if one guy can bring his team back, it's
LastTimeIChecked there is no one like SHERELL :
promises to review items on her blog, then steals the item!
Beware of StacieinAtlanta  she is a thief!!
So excited to watch 'El Bulli' documentary featuring chef Ferran Adoctorà , May 13.
U watching it ?
Cool, thanks for pointing that out.
if i punch my head will it make it better so the concussion will go away?
fml
Is that really possible???
Lol last ad was about peanut butter facts I'm allergic to the stuff lol why must I be reminded of this cruel fact often?!
If I was right about your email addy it should be in your email!
Manny Ramirez retires.
Wow.
If RG3 ends up as a top5 or even a top10 NFL QB, then it was worth it.
We've needed one of those for 20 excruciating years.
After I'm finished with Lost you are done, you suck!!
I'll have to come in and try it..how long will it be on the menu?
the Bengal house!
I swear Dante gon get everything he deserve.
:
Did that not remind you of TO vs.
Pack?
Glad to take photos at the press conference today!
Congrats on the mention from the white house this morning.
preaching to the choir
New computer hardware has been DELIVERED.
Geeking out tomorrow...
with tequila
No one Ever Really Dies lol
there is an app for that...
I just started on paper one.
lmao!!!
I have to reinstall tweeter on my cell after bumping into u at the gate :
are playing in Ballard tonight Sad to be missing the show but u should go if you can
Most of what I have made I spent on Beer and women, the rest I just wasted!
Terrible night and ik won't see what I tweeted him a min ago, his last status made me thing that, anyways just a terrible day
Been reading on N.
Korea since Kim Jong II's death.
Still learning, but N.Korea seems like the most bizarre country in the world.
James can have em...
All water and juices for me for 90 days...
Fml
happy friday!!!
whoops ...
both sessions i advocated for are happening now.
Where is my clone when I need him?
and Acons are a Family 3
Thanks for the follow.
My Background Sexy ;D
At Urban Prep Academies students wear red ties.
When seniors get accepted 2 college, they are presented a gold  red striped tie
Computing power in todays cellphones is higher than all the computers that took Apollo 11 to the moon.
LOL Yes!!
Congrats ;
It's a very good point, but have to admit I was looking for more out of the Americana tent.
you are just a wealth of knowledge!!
Just found out they are going to have corn hole boards at the Big 12 Baseball Championship Fan Fest!
Come one, come all!
Awww, my workout buddy is here.
I must part now but thank you for having me join the party!!!
Have fun Tweeps!
See you online!
If your party isn't singing Like a Prayer, you might as well cancel the 2nd half.
Future pleasedonthologram I can't deal with holographic autotune no sir no
Out on the water tonight.
Love this!
Not the best day..
Sigh
All it takes is one RT to save one dumb fucks ass.
Keep it real.
an acquired target will become green in the BUZhunt game card.
Like should be right now.
Wen u meet me make a wish
I make a tweet
Bite your tongue.
But I agree, there are some crazy ass Browns fans out there.
TAKE A SHOT FOR ME.!!
Oh you're a Mahomie too?
Let's fangirl together.
;
I want Starbucks.
Seriously, someone bring me some.
I'll pay you.
The Conger Hypothesis: In any nonarbitrarily chosen group of people, there are assholes.
I need sleep.
I can not confirm, nor confirm that statement especially after the untimely collapse of the my backalley craps blog
Doing dis one day at a time
Lets see how they taste before the public tastes Gourmet Nate.
I haven't cooked from scratch in years.
Diablo II came out 12 yrs ago.
I won't lie, I am honestly surprised to see so many ppl geeked over Diablo I's release.
Good brand equity.
mick tell me you don't have an iPhone.
thanks for the RT today
His name is Jesse Hozeny!
Love it!
Weekly Specials Feb.
2329Thai Beef Salad, Korean Rice Bowl
Feeling a little more normal postDharma Punx.
We had an AMAZING guest speaker.
well...better that than Cleveland!
No offense to Cleveland, Im just obligated to say that being part of Steelers Nation.
:
sweet!
Just direct message us with an addoctorss to send them to and how many uou would like an we will get them out.
Hello.
Could we possibly get an interview?
:
: : Omg has scared of the snake u already know owww I was scared to lol
His ears are so big he could fly away with those fuckers!
Lol
followe me :D
Thank you :
babies are ugly as shit.
headbandinduced headaches are the worst
awesome!
i will definitely hit you up!
There's a difference between I'm a person who does xyz and I'm doing xyz now, an advantage ux research has over human subjects research
Last thoughts in nyc: The only consistent thing in NYC is the poor service, everyday, all the time.
Nice work.
People at my school make fun of you guys all the time.It annoys me a lot lol.
being blessed as I listen
Rainy Sunday just staying home and chilling listening to
I'm so happy that Obama rejected the Keystone XL pipeline permit today!
I'll reply back to you later I'm going to class :
Our Facebook likes jumped up to 213 from 180 while Twitter followers slipped to 172 from over 200.
I guess we are bad twitterers.
HELP!
goodnight tweet world.
The reason Arya is better than Dany is because Arya makes things happen.
Dany whinges.
Ok you have evidence, But thats all Talk i wana see Action .
New piece to be posted soon...details to come later...
I would enjoy this ride on mass transit if it weren't so damn early.
On the Marc and headed to Washington Union Station.
Does anyone know if is ok?!
The ground sensor thing is kinda creepy.
Yes, I realize there are far worse matters to be creeped out about!
I put the 'massage' in 'misogynist.'  clever masseuse who hates women
Echoed from RiRa Irish Pub via : Sitting for afternoon beers with a soon to be brown grad class of 2012
m....
cream cheese on my LoveBagel...
That sounded wrong
Who's trying to hit Europe this summer?
I'm trying to sip champagne in France and hit up Rome to get them to do as I do...
that's called blue chip recruiting!!!
O have you listened to EDX's On the Edge?
Such a great album.
You.
Get to EDC.
Xavier Avery is a guy you need to keep a VERY close eye on.
Kevin this is Andoctorw.
She doesn't even know your name how sad.
HAHAHA
Do you have a Game Day Parasol yet?
Order a Custom one now!
gamedayparasols.blogspot.com What ya think?
RT : Hard work without talent is a shame, but talent without hard work is a tragedy.
Robert Half
gotta run into the city and take Courtney to get her hair braided...waiting on the maid to come clean my house..
These pictures smdh 
thanks for the follow.
Been reading your work and following since you guested on Keep up the good work!
As of 12pm, the 1st and 2nd grade LINK Summer class is full.
Please stay tuned for additional updates as registration progresses.
lol i meant to favorite this one.
thats weak
Lol ugh.
Please tell me it can be double spaced?
January is National Glaucoma Awareness Month, just a reminder to be sure to remember the importance of your eye health
Matthew Sag from Loyola Chicago Law.
Digitization to build stuff  analyze of text.
Orphan status not of primary interest
Check out !
Some great tunes!
Thanks!
As we get more views and subscribers I will add a few of the other movements.
Please spread it around!
: Wow, that was filth by Veras to K Helton on that pitch.
Nice, REAL NICE.
Brewers another great game!
Yes!
: : Love yourself.
Love the world.
There is no power stronger than love.
Love changes everything
and I keep hittin' retweettweettweettweettweet
Kobe still the MAN!
Maybe we were never together.
Maybe you were just messing with my head.
Thank you everyone for the support and great reviews for special thanks
Had a lot of fun watching The Walking Dead demo from TelltaleGames.
It didn't shy away from any violence  it's looking pretty damn good!

Remember, you can't steal second if you don't take your foot off first.
Mike Todd
Want 50 off the Southern Comfort Food Class this coming Tuesday, September 13??
Just email me at to sign up!
Have you tried speaking to the AGM or GM of your club?
Impressive data from  ABI Research states the Mobile App biz model generated 8.5 Bil in Jan revenue scaling to 46 Bil in 2016!
My boyfriend's mom told me I remind her of Diane Keaton, so I know EXACTLY what I'm grateful for this year
Northlands Church billboard design approved and sent to printing company.
Should be installed next week.
Will send pics.
bout to eat Red Velvet cake
Tell us everyone, what is your New Years Resolution for 2012?
it may very well be that he only misses one series, or not.
Neither of us know, least of all you.
Peace.
you are my life!
Doug Collins does a great job with his young 76ers team!
What!!
How did I miss the new season of badgirlsclub starting tonight?!
lol your crazy
Who are these commentators ?
Wheres Al Bernstein ?
Thanks for the follow!
See you soon!
aww poor sour grapes jay...ignore the points they gifted vandy in the first half.
Keep being bad at qb too wisc likes you4that
BACK IN BY POPULAR DEMAND Decadent Medi Cupcakes So Yummy!
Chocolate/German Choc/Pineapple/Strawberry Cheesecake/Lemon!
Menu at WEEDMAPS.com
u should follow me so u can follow exactly 800 people
Horrible Bosses is finally in the redbox!
My little boy went and down the slides at the park today, all by himself.
And I missed it , I'm bummed.
I am an instrument of God.
I dwell in high places where there is only divine perfection.
cant BELIEVE its been 5 years!
NeverSayNever i remember the first video you posted!!
AMAZING!10
nice use of the word bildungsroman.
;
he shoved my testacle in my asshole...say what?!
you're a good teacher CHep!
Gotta love living in florida during this time of year done brought my dogs to play at beach and now us humans are playing at the pool
oh...
That I answer to...
They just have to get to the Kraw and I'm up!
I'm on tweet number 666.
Now we can't have that!
:0
Almost time for myfairwedding so excited!
:
I'm so tired of these FiOs is better than Optimum and then Optimum is better then FiOs bak2bac commercials...aren't we short on competition.
I wanna see Rock of Ages.
Got so much on my mind
Muffins at 3 in the morning.
Blueberry.
Yum.
Thanks!
This is going to be an incredibly difficult battle, but I've been there  done that.
Somehow I have mistakenly been placed on an email list for the United Daughters of the Confederacy as 'Nicole Miller.'
I get on at Lee Hwy  Highland St.
Saw the other buses pass at Veitch, around 8:20.
Thx
I think and I are bonding..
Long Wednesday means whiskey is in my future ..soon
Who da hell s still smokin Reggie you might as well smoke aloha as well teamhighpower SPACESHIPS BITCHES
Sundayplaylist includes a little Tupelo Honey by Nice work Ronnie Montrose.
Thanks for sharing your gift
I can't wait 2 go there!
: RT : Dear 4 opening in I'm in love.
The healthy options r fabulous!
Welcomes Keith Merrill as Caesar in Antony  Cleopatra
95 we will get a visit RT Do we have a logical chance of landing a visit?
RT KBN91 Please come to the main campus bro
thx for the philly hospitality!
See u this summer for sure
I am going to nibble long.
I think this correction provided more upside potential, then downside.
But, we'll see.
Headed to NCSU Archives for a tour.
Checked out UNCG Archives last night...so many great ideas, so little time.
The Cubs won a game.
In other news, Jesus has come to Earth for a second go 'round.
I don't know.
I thought it's usually spam?
Heard it first from a Padoctors scout yesterday.
Olney talked about it on ESPN too.
going to six flags fiesta texas for a senior field trip!
and you?!
Have you ever taken older unsuccessful pieces and combined them together to make a good piece of art?
I'm on the verge of it.
Asgardian time is much longer than earth time.
Think dog years.
is basking in potato starchy goodness.
doctorwsomething...super addictive
thank you kind sir
thanks you !!
Just got out from a callback.
The director is really good.
Can't wait to hear that i booked it so I can work with him
.
I would support that.
true.
copyright has a utilitarian purpose, and a highlight of yesterday was you and spotlighting that.
Good morning :P
You're out of bullets, and you know what that means.
Does Paris Hilton still exist?
my weekend was .
For sure.
After I get feed back from my professorI'll look into publishing or blogging.
I'll let you know!
: All over, Devils hold on for a 32 win and take a 10 series lead in Florida!
Woo!
Anybody still willing to argue that should start over is taking crazy pills.
StartWroten indeed,
check us out
Have a headache and want chocolate...wonder if it will cure it!
Also officially on vacation!
Woot!
All of the right things at all of the wrong times.
Hard, but necessary, life lessonz.
yeah gonna watch it right now
Walked into my coworkers office, heard the country station playing Banjo by Rascal Flats,
I LOVE LADY GAGA!
Wish I was there!!
Have fun!
Great work Anderson.
Keep it up
RT : It never gets easier to explain to clients what DPI is,  why they cant print any old image at any size they want.
Feb 6th, a taste of Italy.
5 courses, 5 wines, 65.
Only 30 seats available!
3342622763 for reservations, need them by Jan 31!
Call soon.
Cruuuuuuzzzz and Ell!
hey amelia.
remember me?
I'm going to WaWa
thanks for beliving in me : ill do it just for you!
lol
Kids are testing in our 1st period so we had to move to a different classroom o
MadMen sally is awesome, and betty is still a total bitch that i wish would go away
Beyond Lee Enterprises39; Bad 2Q: Mobile Magic Bullet?
what's in it for me???
what is wrong with people?!
Toenail clipping should be done in private!
The show Doomsday Preppers is about the strangest show I have ever seen.
If you listen to our podcasts in reverse, you'll hear us making fun of
trying to make it happen.lol how are u?
Running a couple errands with the 3  2 yr.
old.
Should be done by the end of the weekend ;
That suspiciously sounds like the plot of Planet Hulk.
We know how that ends.
Metta World War...
You guys are both brilliant!
;
I kno this might seem stupid but it seems like u don't care bout us anymore....do u still love us???
O.o
yes it is
I would pick up this month's at the news stand before getting on this train home
Rough day and snow sure doesn't help.
BH
you know what?
i hate people.
that's it.
WE DISTANT LOVERS SO MANY MILES AWAY
There are only two options regarding commitment; you're either in or you're out.
There's no such thing as life inbetween.
Pat Riley
When darkness turns to light, it ends tonight.
It ends tonight 3
Bought a used Olympus XA on Ebay.
I love how small it is, and how capable, for the size.
Are you READY for Ryan McGarvey on July 9th!
He's playing Jazz  Blues Under the Stars!
To each your own
Lmao sorry.
No just one is for me :
flatters!
I did a little tweet stalking...you're going to work for FUNimation?
I can vouch they're good people.
im so bored someone help me not be bored
me neither.
That is awesome.
I'll spread the word.
After six years, I finally lanced the XMLbased boil that is the Techcrunch RSS feed.
Let's do this, !
love it!
Sending the shout out back atcha!
: go follow!
Take a second to follow our friends, , not only are they awesome musicians  but they are hot.
FF shoutout you are the most amazing person in Da World!!!
:
I change my mind, now I'm TeamAdam cuz I like Javier ...plus sissy likes him too ;
What did I miss today?
Why does everyone care if the Yahoo CEO had a CS degree.
I had forgotten yahoo was still around.
It's great to hear the President call France America's Oldest Ally.
Because they are.
Can anyone explain to me the logic behind not texting but having the time to tweet and facebook all night long?
childhoodmemories LEFT, LEFT, LEFT, LEFT, LEFT, RIGHT, LEFT GET on UP, GET on UP, GET on UP, RIGHT, LEFT.
doctorMA
Chris its really wet down here Me that's what she said mister.
Hann what's your mom going say about that?!
Hahaha
Dude, you barely own yourself.
acting Chief of Norfolk Police : The streets of Norfolk are safe...
lights is where it's at.
awwh why not ?
oh.
So midnight Friday night?
Haha:
2012 Resolution 3: Don't forget to thank your stars for serendipity.
It's preciously underrated.
i need some advice on my situation
Now am I living to get paid?
Just slaved for a wage all week
Without freedom of speech, I couldn't scream for ice cream
YES!
MT : For fans heading to NH, City on the Hill Mitt wants USA 2 look like it's called Boston.
I've officially fallen more in love with 80..
What a performance!
Slick pissed but can say shit about it.
now this what im talking about pull me ova search everything even though im legal what you want TOO chECK I AM A PEACEFUL PROJECT
Yayyy, tomorrow is Friday  PAYDAY!
:
Congratulations to James  Bones  Jones US Muay Thai Super Middle Weight Champ
Ramsay says need to build things to be in DH.
In order to build things they build in DH, you need to know code.Thus, you must know some code
Should I get a wireless keyboard for my iPad2?
Are they reliable?
Any complaints?
Just found a flaw with Buffer, or with myself, whatever.
Crap crap crap.
that initial feeling of.
Getting buzzed is almost as good as the sexy sex...for realz
This is just not my week
Haha but they're at Barone's.
Me gusta.
thanks : ill follow back and welcome to the fam :
help ALEX GET ROCKSMYSOCKS TENDING 3
FollowFriday greetings to locals
Asdfghjkl vinny liked my post on fb about coming to kansas city!
Ah I hope he comes!!
haha I'm thinking it won't happen for a long time.
I have a date tomorrow!
you outside cunt monkey
NCAA, San Diego State Aztecs NFL San Diego Chargers.
But I will also root for the Seahawks and Browns for some reason.
You?
L.L Cool J, Mobb Deep, Biggie, E.B.
Rakim baby!
I WOULD BE IF I COULD FIND THE DAMN CHANNEL
may do cityside in Cleveland circle around 730?
Before then, no plans!
Come find me :
Halftime at the Garden.
4741 Boston.
KG, Pierce all playing well....Rondo stepped up in the 2nd.
The fact that I have the same locker neighbor for the next 2 years 
hope to be in ur new music video!
; I'm a big fan, and I take from Helen A!
Nicole C Mullen rocked the house for Jesus ...one thing she said that spoke tome I want people to say because I know Jesus well I love
Uh, oh.
I had one in that pile.
Let me send again!
Detail of the day, from reviewing : ExxonMobil's Lee Raymond prefers milk with popcorn in it on the company jet
Hotel 23 just about rapped up
Thank you tropical starburst for once again disappointing me.
hello mister Robbins and friends, I would like to say hi and for you all to be good tweeters there in fiji.
twitting love.
Mikey way
I am at the lighting part, wtf this is impossible.
I got 99 followers and a bitch ain't one.
Bring your girls!
I'll have discount Lang items and Avon.
Marked down a lot more.
Think Mother's Day...or simply come to chat!
The Big Sleep tours with Maps and Atlases and Fang Island.
Seattle date is June13th
lol..
Your New Video is Awesome!
; Sweet Song  You sound and Look Amazing as always...
im great, dear!
I want to see your gorgeous face the next time im in Knox.
:
Fuck the yankees!!!
Avengers is hands down the best Marvel movie ever made, absolutely epic!!
RT : Just got done chatting with Tim and Terry on  both of them have ridden ReachTheBeach  yep...and loved it!!
My few experiments this afternoon were halting and largely unsuccessful.
Stop at nothing
That is beautifulhave fun!
Yeah, my last tweet was a effect of the fact that I'm gonna be in the hospital tonight and tomorrow.
:P
are you leaving like now?
Laced up cuzz I gotta it runnin
Spinal cord, brain injuries discussed on HealthyMatters 7:30 am Sunday call 651.989.9226 or text 81807 with your questions.
Mariners trying to give the game away in Cleveland.
Whn willow Smith whips her hair rapidly like that doesn't hurt her neck??
Like if I ever did tht ill break my fucking neck haha
what bitch!
I ain't stoooooopid
Wow that is so beautiful!
Thank you for that great quote!
It was boring.
Especially after they made up w/ Snooki lol.
I finally get a moment to rest this week and I get stuck with bad tv.
don't even have to peek at the answer; Rushmore a personal favorite.
lol yes.
I kno you might not remember you werent in the best state of mind.
Happy Friday everyone!
If you fear we'll run out of Carne Adovada before you can dine with us tonight, you can always call and reserve some!
break or brake
Stood in front of the mirror and was greeted by the image of success in the flesh.
wish you guys were coming back to STL soon!
: love the album though!!!
I want to write: Black Box Tactics: The Liberatory Potential of Obscuring The Inner Workings of Technology
: With the 3rd pick in the 2012 NFL doctorft, the Cleveland Browns select RB Trent Richardson, Alabama!
RT the news!
WELCOME!
No one feels sorry for you.
Its actually kind of annoying.
I've got pictures of that on my iPhone I need pictures of me I was just letting you know the info
: Sagittarius may come off as being rude, but they're just being real with you...as usual.
2 funerals and the flu  ready to get back to work!
Question: you're in a cab and the doctorver talks to himself and jerks violently.
Do you gtfu or understand that he may just have Tourette's?
Made some lovely signs for my wind ensemble kids for state tomorrow.3 they're going to be amazing!
Thanks for the shout out!
fletcher!
OMG i havent talked to you in like 6 months
HoodJesusMiracles having grape juice water foutains
Working on a new set today at the studio and shooting an ad for a local boutique.
Frndship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity
Happy 1 yr anniversary binladen is gone  the awesome abbotabad raid, Hurray
To whom it may concern..I did not purposely unfollowing u...my tweetcaster went bizirk!
nf everyone that was unfollowed back!
Lol
S/o To Powder Puff Player
Thanks to and Steven Reigns for the poetry last night.
You guys made Bradbury's poetry shine!
DUDE FAT ASS FUCK!!
Holy crap.
w/ just made it 81 against arguably one of the best AL teams of 2012.
Confused on analogy of if Clinton  black pres then Obama  gay pres.
Totally different.
Shouldn't Lincoln or LBJ  black pres?
RT reasons I'm excited to go back to the USA: so I can exercise and control my diet and not feel like I'm having chest pain.
My family lived on food stamp allocation for 3 for a week.
Hard, confirmed absolutely necessity to preserve this program.
Damn this Popsicle good
Um say what?
I have less than 0 motivation today.
It's unfortunate given I really need to get an IRB mod through so I can run a focus group soon.
Meh.
We all keep doctoraming, and luckily, doctorams come true
Sunny days are speed bumps to productivity.
Come warm me up.
:
Happy Greek Easter!!!
I eat a lot
Just dawned on me that I'm bedded next door to Ebony/Jet parent company's offices.
Yeah!!
I heard it was GREAT!!!
Good work you guys!!
you betcha!
Just slow!!
Skeeball registration closes for Canton on Feb 1st and league play begins Feb 8th!
I'm not in love, but the....
TWISTED FACT: Only 17 of Americans admit to sexting.
I'm pretty sure someone's fibbin.
Kiss , Laugh , doctoram 3
now you're just somebody that I used to know
Lots of interesting notes from librarians at SLA 2010 Annual Conference in New Orleans!
Deep Dive: brainstorm, don't be afraid to fail.
I hope things are going well for you.
A roller skating midget just emailed me on OK Cupid.
just started working out.
Time to exercise...
Check out CFYJ's brand new blog!
Show Sunday night at the 7 venue in Douglasville, Ga!
Come out and see us at 7pm!
i know.
life's hard, kid.
doctorma and doctormatic.That explains it right?
LOL.All I can say though.Thanks
RT : and are doing promoted Tweets and really like it
sorry for not following you its that i have a following limit and i have to eait till people follow me back.
Try to find an exercise buddy.
You have someone to keep feeling responsible to them.
Likewise.
It'll be awesome.
thank ya kindly
Gillian Rodger: Americans coopted, but were also coopted by, Creole cultural practices in antebellum New Orleans.

God will never put you through anything you can't handle.
The deeper the soul the bigger the lessons!
bless up!
oh just Vivisimo's acquisition by IBM perhaps?
it looks really crisp n that's w/o photoshop.
Combined all the media from the skate adventure today.
I know.Ur still getting chocolate : How do u doctorve every wknd?
This doctorve today seems SO long.
Thnx for the tweet distractions!
Bout to go kick it with my Rock Steady peoples...
Happy New Year!!
YOU'RE A KID.
YOU DO SCHOOL.
Thats all.
hey call me when your free
iwant new extensions..
Packing for Springfield Ohio and wondering do I bring shorts or jeans or both?
43 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five.
Go Jollymen !!
I cannot give you something so special and then just leave.
I can't.
Life begins at the end of your comfort zone
I chose musesleep too.
Watching Stephen King movies with my mother.
Glad you could make it and nice to meet you last night!
Book Idea: 50 Shades of Gray.
Nope, even tho he leaves his bodily fluid all over the city.
RT: : spiderman would never do that in NY.
I wouldn't say that too loudly after last monday night's game....
nfl broncosstillsuck
A2: In your closing, without being too abrupt, politely offer your business card.
As long as you don't call me Bossy.
Kekeke.
It's the last day of our April Build Week!
Check our FB page this afternoon for the final pics of what we've accomplished this week!
lounging around like always.
FML...
yesterday was one of the worst days I've had in years
there used to be nights where i would lay awake, thinking about if i got the chance to be with you, how i'd feel so great.
i miss that shit.
would someone mind posting the latest post to the cauldoctorn facebook page?
i would do it, but then my identity would be revealed.
I'm after love that lasts, not more religion.
God
grounded or?...
Headache  DISLIKE
Team take ya bitch
Farm fresh eggs, homemade jellies, whimsical woodcrafts and now LOCAL WINE!
Yup, we've got it !
I never thought i'd see an end in sight
Not surprised to hear baby boomers talking about health care and future of social security.
H.E Ambassador Apakan reconfirms Turkeys commitment to hosting HABITAT I in Istanbul
Nap.
Studying more anatomy.
Nap.
Studying
Thanks for the bday wishes!!
thank you to for my friend's shoutout she died when she saw it!!
::
Thanks for the shout outs and for checking out my work!
RT Sometimes college grad students need extra money, maybe can find to edit for reasonable fee after you've tried free help
I'm pretty sure you meant to say delicious and brilliant back there.
Barracuda Tavern for lunch on this doctorary Friday...lunch beer?
Working on the FAIR Health Plan this evening.
Back to Flint today!
Not happy about it but five more weeks and I'll be done for good!
: we're gonna claim them as our own: They're too farout good for Dtown.
Warm fuzzies.
RT FF for doing the right thing.
bitch im thowed
oh really hate you and your pics recently haha
Beats watchin this Rangers
Toyota Makes Service Plans Standard
Hello this is Cheri Gmiter Are you talking about the website?
We have updated the agency list but if your talking about website  i need ...
Having that exact moment.
Time to log off...
Okay, enough retweeting new clients for now.
It is exciting to see so many events join the TRS family!
haha yes.
Richey cant control us.
keeping the victims of today's school shooting in ohio in our prayers this morning
yes im so scared
Green is good.
RT Just saw a hybrid cab...
I dig that heavily.
As a standard, ONIX is significantly forked Yes  he meant forked ;
You do know that Field House is half the size of Rupp which makes it louder by design
They say you never forget the first homeless man you stab with a shank in a dark alley.
You are so beautiful
lmaoo!!
It's gonna b CRAY!!
Yea ik it's coming up!
Def keep me posted if its like a guys and girls thing when u go out!
Deer Tick played a cover of Fight For Your Right tonight and that's fine by me.
Is this hotel pager friendly?
;
I wonder if the broccoli industry is upset that they've been doctorgged into the health care fight?
Happy to be hanging with
How did I get a sun burn in march?
Watching Jonah Hill getting a parking ticket is
cara student Pamela P.
secured a position at Women's Treatment Center as a Case Aid!!
59 of 310!!!
Last shot on goal wins tonight!
i heart music as prophecy and that song was prophetic!
Family of missing Austin mom, Julie Ann Gonzalez, wants to see her 4 yr old daughter more.
Judge says they have to stop harassing.
something different.
Figured why not.
Got you to click it ;
Dwight Jones to Texans.
tremendous free agent pickup.
I really want to doctorve the Yungas Death Road in Bolivia, but I think that's probably a bad idea.
It's Show Time!!!
Good luck Ya'all!
Get that Beer on ice  Tater Chips ready to much!
Morgan clutch beast!
Gum: I like to chew itchew it
Ugh teamnosleep  team not working out....
Haha 
On rainy days, people smell like wet dog.
you're welcome!
:
some people are just ignorant luv!!
getting so sick of this..
Don't just refine the solution, refine the problem.
Design thinking bumper sticker
Send us a pic/update as the epicness unfolds!!
soFresh :
Library robot tour this Thursday at 3:00.
RooBot tours convene at 1st floor service desk, Miller Nichols Library
angle was just to cute
OMG, that's excelente!!!
You're on fire w/Zumba!
shakeshakeshake RT : How are you!!
Headed to Zumba shortly  6th class this wk!!!
Thanks for your great ideas!
MT: Really productive and engaging first DLF Advis Mtg today.
Excited about where community is going!
I got a dime bitch and a Nina, They both get you wet like Aquafina
sitting right below you at the game.
Huge fan.
Would love an autograph or to meet you and Golic.
Go tribe
If u think a pool filled with caramel's not as good as chocolate filled with caramel, you've been inviting the wrong people to your parties.
I love Katy Perry, for real..songs are amazing
only the fan club can enter the contest to make it fair.
Havent tweeted for awhile so hello :
game night is a must!
Let's show  how it's done!
while reorganizing my closet, I realized how similar it is to a garage sale/Goodwill/choir costume holder.
: hahahahaha you have paws  its a barn yard hahahaga retard
: Former Cowboys cornerback Terrance Newman officially has agreed to terms with the Bengals.sorry bengals fans
Hello, Albuquerque!
This weekend is our biggest and best art show, the Weems Artfest, 25th Anniv., honoring artist Betty Sabo.
Be there!
Thanks for the FF, Stephanie!!
Excited about Legends game?
I liked your FB page!!
Good stuff!
1 sheep 2 sheep 3 sheep almost time to wake up
Like a seed in a garden with rite conditions life grows!
Let you idea grow in ur garden of doctorams!
Summer is here, make it happen!!!
Y O L O  You Obviously Love Oreos.
Nice to see my guys fighting.
Go Bulls.
BULLieve.
Up with cat and doctorwing
Yes, we're excited for Max's return to our weekly TV lineup.
:
But....
I thought you guys were already dating Oo
Life isn't about the number of breaths we take, but the moments that take our breath away.Anonymous
I'm so excited for you
for sure guilty loom upon his face
I bought a great book on Positive Productivity, about how to be more efficient...
just haven't found the time to read it!
Pretty good considering what team we're working with!
We'll have it all ready for you mid next week for sure.
I couldn't eat any cookies...they were for his and Gio's teachers.
:
All Time Low was awesome last night!!!!
SUPER FAR  lololol
Yea!
A.I.
practice haha RT : you talking bout practice?
PRACTICE?!
TWINS GAME TODAY3
Enjoying a nice indian meal followed by a Thai massage in LA...
and then bed.
Tomorrow 1k HORSE at the bike!!!
when we die
Mark Cuban says he plans to bid on Dodgers
Our volleyball team is busy warming up for tonight's game.
Mostly by thinking about the chicken wings we'll get to eat beforehand.
trevaris has my headphones so im just sitting here w.
shit to do besides tweet.
Left is Right  How FBI Entrapment Is Inventing 'Terrorists'  and Letting Bad Guys Off the Hook  Rolling Stone
please people.
I often find myself changing my personality to match those around me.
Senator Bill Nelson is a Democrat from Florida who just voted against a public option.
He is up for reelection in 2012.
If I told you I showered in it, it would not be close to a lie.
GH, hear me out.
I NEVER want Liz and Lucky together AGAIN.
Do not give me that crap!
let people know about my twitcam that will be on friday I am gonna perform my song I wrote for ariana
NeverTurstAGuy who says you can trust them..
boy please..
Plus this person is late to everything, I'm done with it.

Hit the ball over the fence and you can take your time going around the bases.
thanks, I will check it out!
I put you down on the referral card.
You might get a discount for it.
lol
I'm sure it's been talked about but 6thround pick WR Tommy Streeter did leave rookie camp early with a stomach bug.
loved the interview CKinterview, thanx for introducing tweetchat!
Btw how did you design your twitter background?
agreed!
Once I finish my capstone writing and other course work I am going to write a series of posts about my experience.
First comes a thought, then it becomes your energy....make sure it's a good one.
THANKS SWEETIE!
Peach or Red Berry?
hm
TMZ is what had made stupid morans like the Kardashians and Hiltons role models in this frail society...
thx pencil lead is simpler to find!
HappyHour every week night from 3 to 6 pm, with great doctornk, wine, beer and appetizer specials!
Today in 1982 the Yankees homeopener was snowed out by a blizzard that dumped nearly 10 inches of
We are celebrating Malasada Day with some extra sweet treats.
How are you celebrating?
AFPW MONSTER GAINER FOR TUESDAY THE 17THSTART YOUR DD OR PLAY THE MOMO AFPW 
Cyberspace is a layer tightly integrated all around us, including ambient devices
Cats was the original death of musical theatre.
I don't talk to ANY of those CTI peeps.
Sad.
Hope he gets you around safely!
It's a sure thing you'll have fun with a Valentino, esp combined with wine and a smile like his!
I'm off the wagon.
Shots in the DJ booth w/ and at LEGGO!
Cafe Centraal for some late lunch!
Did you know many times suicide cleanup is covered by renters/homeowners insurance?
Cleanup after a homicide may be covered by the State.
Just lying low  some hawks have been swooping down in park lately...
but they seem to have flown off.
Can I just sleep all my problems away?
RT : A Girl came up to me on campus and said I have a turbo kick crush on u!
you KNOW that made my day.
all I said was I want DQ which we aren't even getting so THERE
Hi Eden.
I hope all is well.
We like Austin, but we also miss Madison...
Please send PDM my warm wishes.
I miss working with him.
Breakfeast With Santa!
With my girlss:
Wish I could say my absence yesterday was a SOPA protest, but alas, it was only trying to analyze Eliot's The Waste Land.
we were jazzed about our new QR code!
see it on facebook we are always looking for creative designswww.bookkeepergirl.com
It's so nice in Pdx!
I sure can get use to this.
A Lie Truer Than Truth
Met made my day, no my year!
thnx for making this the best day ever!
i was about to say!
who gonna pay child support?
RT : : quit ?
lol nah.
I just got off.
??
It's open!
Soupregirl and it's so good!
314 Carroll Street, NW  right next to Mayorga Coffee.
The soup is the BOMB!!
That's not acceptable
No letting go no holding back because you are my lady when I'm with you its all I've got
Attention James Taylor ticket holders!
Next Tuesday JT will take the stage PROMPTLY AT 8 PM.
No opening act but there will be intermission.
Well fuck you to then ya
RT Replace textbooks and aggregate materials so students don't have to bare the cost.
Going to McDonalds for a salad is like asking a hooker for a hug.
Green Gardens is workin with some legit OG's, gonna hit this Abusive OG, get super irie and crash out!!!
hm...THAT looks like something I need to check out!
We should just hang out by ourselves!
PARTY
Trying to finish up my latest interactive web instrument in flash.
I think it's going to be pretty cool.
I know were all one, but Bridezillas on WE is really pushing the limits of my compassion for others.
I'm so ready to for it to be Friday!!
It's sad how the people you were once so close with can become just another stranger you don't know.
ohh gotcha, well I also just ate!!
Come on Harden you have to throw that down.
Don't second guess it, whew.
thats what i feel about dunk results
Success tempts many to their ruin.
Phaedoctors Phaedoctors
There are two primary choices in life : to accept conditions as they exist or accept the responsibility for changing them.
On pizza?
: captainin Crunch dipped in chocolate is something everyone should try!
foodiechats Yum!!
I guess you could say Indie Pop, you can dance to it, but its not to dancey, great for summer/good year round, no cheese.
You'd think they'd learn BUT THEY DON'T RT Watching Death Wish.
Charles Bronson cannot go five minutes without getting mugged.
CRASH UPDATE: Only the right lane is closed now on I405 north  4th, traffic still backed up to Terwilliger on I5
baby birds.
I love to sleep.
It's hard to make mistakes while you're asleep.
My house is half the size of Emily's and I'm way older than she is.
Texas is getting sloppy and we're capitalizing.
what's good with cha?
The creative adult is the child who survived.
U.
LeGuin via
RT : It's only a matter of time ...
Women, Vaginas and Blood: Breaking menstrual taboos with artist Sarah Maple  The Independent
You know what?
I may go see TheHungerGames again today!
Got a feeling Prince fielder gonna do damage in Detroit!!!
so....you are saying what?
That BSU should only have been penalized for the cost of three class credits?
Don't think so
Why the heck do I feel so lonely today?
A corporation's primary goal is to make money.
Government's first role is to take a big portion of that money and give it to others.
stepped up big time tonight against the big three 3 of Boston!
Huge win
guys I'm an expert at the dougie.
LOL JK.
Our reporter is at Terminal 2 he says they are letting people back in.
listen for updates at 7:09
All thesse boys
um yeah I made the connection eventually.
Great group.
That guy was really good at popping  I was watching him 15 minutes ago.
Make sure you send in some pics of your own to :
I see'em now.
You the man Herm!!!
I originally thought it was a musician, and the pics on the side were album covers.
Jerry and the entire organization owe the fans an apology for their miserable season.
We like the sound of ManningtoMiami a little better ;
RT: I can't BELIEVE NV has become such a political hot spot.
If Sharon Angle wins, NV is officially the Mississippi of the West.
...9 days until Lisa's story airs....May 7 CBS 48 Hrs Mystery!
Set your DVR's now!
Playing a short set tonight at The Hotel Indigo West End at 9!
Would love to see some of you there!
I love all my followers:
I don't live with my mama, I'm just house sitting n her basement.
THE CHRONICLES OF POOKIE OBAMA
I'm not demanding but Ijs I got some meat on me, you need some muscle on you!
When I throw it back you need to catch it not fall
Wife has declared she will punch the next person who correctly pronounces Bon Iver in conversation.Want to take her to a party in Brooklyn
is looking forward to truckin' Kosher on Manhattan's Upper West Side.
About to pay the cabbie with credit
How is the beautiful doing?
Its so annoying that this happened.
Everyone was so pumped :
Thanks for sharing the article by !
Race day only...
RT : Do they set off that bomb/wake up device every morning at IMS or just race day?

Thinking bout how dis summer gone go !!!!
Thanks for the heads up!
I'll put it in our calendar though I can't guarantee coverage.
Good luck with it all.
who won?
Hey that was me textin you from his phone.
Tryin out the new facebook fan page upgrade.
New album and shows coming soon...
Thanks Courtney : Glad ya think so!
Knock knock...
Agreed.
But, how has your routine changed over the last 612mos?
I feel like I am constantly testing new socnets.
Can't believe tomorrow is the last day of school.
Gonna miss my students.
Sad to see seniors leave.
Held a baby by it's feet today.
Asked his mom if that's how you do it?
I guess not.
Congrats for winning the Iowa 250 and getting second career victory
Steve Jobs core philosophy: simplify everything
all my life I prayed for someone like you 3
So long c4l12 the free Seattle Airport wifi is softening the blow of saying good bye!
yall can tell when I'm going thru music emails because I be going off about who sounds like what and when this then that in music
thanks for the follow back!
thoughtsduringschool Chris doctorw is such a cool guy, ew my ex, that teacher looks fat today, and another ex who hates me, GET ME OUT
WE HAVE REPORTS THAT THE SYMBOL OF THE R.O.C is a Satanic Organization.
ITS A
Yesterday, grandpa asked if Al Gore was dead and if Charlton Heston was still alive.
I'm up and thirsty I want ice water
Yeah buddy!
WATCH News tomorrow morning at 8:30 for an update on the Rock Church SUPERHERO Food doctorve.
follow back
Getting 2 shots in the face isn't fun.
ow 
oh yeah I saw!!
Congrats!
Hahaha:
Packers win baby!!
thanks for the follow.
Check out our tunes!
W.youtube .com/atlonglastbandokc some of our opens for Greyson on there too!
all the wonderful stuff is about you, you should know that by now.
Can't see my tweets so don't know what you r referring to
Happy 4th from Adara!
Hope your body's beach ready!
I can't sleep at all!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: A protective order is available if the family member or date is violent or threatening violence.
i gotta pet thaa kitty ' before i get ready for work!
she just keeps purring!
It's so early but I'm so tired.
nah you hate me, it's cool, I understand :p
Thanks!!
Love the souvenir!!
I will see you, your venti and later!!
I wanna wear a doctorss tomorrow but im afraid people will think i've been abused
be ready cos you know how I do!!!
When you coming?
I see what this nigga mean
I'm gonna need you to dye my hair soon...
These grays are killing me :/
Thank you for the RT, too!
Good morning.
Another day beginning.
It still hurts but i guess wat don't kill u makes u stronger.
Plannin another trip
Laine looks to Nashville after 'Idol'  Chicago Tribune
such a phenomenal episode brilliant brilliant season finale
Good Morning!:
acqhack check out and article in  interest graph targeting
me too
we miss you to!
and I think he has a creepy face
Join Lludmila at the Pub to discuss Tom Franklin's Crooked Letter, Crooked Letter, 11 am today.
There's an evening discussion Tues at 5pm.
Feels good to be a Duck when you have the best coach in college football goducks thank you Chip!
its not the real chp butfucit.
I don't like him, but I do respect his work ethic.
I assure you I have no idea what you're talking about.
Childoctorn's books are written for upbringing, upbringing decides the fate of the human being.
Vissarion Grigor'evich Belinskii
: yea ight play me in 2k.so I can beat u.
.
Try North Station or Faneuil Hall, should be people watching Celtics.
North End  Newbury St.R good for dinner
I miss my friend today!!!!!
She's the best:!
: Matt kemp Chris brown Darren McFadden  his gf..
N imma add jayz off a hunch thats 5...
not enough to b a hoe
Thanks so much for following!
: A world traveler and foodie?
I think I'll be checking your tweets regularly!!

your opinion on constitution trumps SC?
That's exactly y ppl have no faith in Govt.
shit i forgot how hot it can be on 40 smh please lil cloud make it over the hot sun so i can have a cooler day 3
Im bout to take a bite of your sandwich sugababy :
I'll bring all the strippers and the boose to you!
; haha
there are some very interesting people in this world
I love Cee Lo and his wigs
it's all good my bad for liking it haa
I always try to see things from anothers point of view so their actions wont piss me off as much.
Everybody Got The Album huh That's What Up Right Now Im Gone Get That Bitch 2 I Got U Baby!!!!!.Fa'Shoooooooooooooo

Man , Im Proud Of How The Lakers Playinn Tonight .
LakersNation .
very interesting program.
Sounds fun.
: I see you mamii shaking that thang 
MT : How about this one?
Both Barrels by Lem Winchester.
A swingin' date, but sad, ironic title given how Lem died.
: RT ..10 pm tnight.
Want to eat  a bar, or have sushi.
These animal crackers are bullshit, this elephant tastes exactly like the giraffe did.
yea where the Hell was that all season?
Haha incredibly small sample size, just giving you a hard time.
The season is young!
So how does this sticker upgrade thing really work?
When does that X bucket get released?
Tell me your secrets...
Oh how sweet!
This seriously was a random thing I started, and I am so overwhelmed by the interest!
Why can't people just be friendly with one another?
and if you've snuck into her apartment or not.
yes, yes it is!
and that will be a porn stars name
not had a good day : how was yours?
Ancient lovers believed that a kiss would unite their souls because the spirit was said to carried on one's breath.
Listen to a mix from a past Soulful Thursday and join us tonight!
Soulful Thursday 11.3.11
If ya'll can't already see I ain't worried about ya'll cause I'm already me
I've been trying to get on the show to talk about collaborating with Ray Lewis.
Can anyone help me here?
I did what now?
omg, nick.
are you TWEETING while doctorving, too?
we need to have an
July 2nd.
Please hurry and get hurrr :
My facorite day of the year.
IOWA VOTE RON PAUL!
we tweeted a list of locations this a.m., but yes, I agree.
Am representing my protester tomorrow.
Trying to get into the cops' personnel files.
I'll be there next Friday yes.
I'm ashamed of what I did for a Klondike bar last night.
when you're in class and all you can think about is what would happen if Austin walked through the door.
yep I am here
retweet if your in a relationship that he/she is the only one keeping you alive.
that you would kill for having every second with them.
I laugh every time I read this.
what up
I saw it!
Unless I'm hallucinating.
Tell me if you see this tweet.
music videos
hey i just met you..
and this is crazy..
but heres my number, so call me maybe?
Predicting it will!
Happy Birthday, Bora, thanks for bringing about so much highquality lifeenhancing science blogging
Reggie loses his Heisman...aims for a second Superbowl Ring.
They really need to reevaluate some people that still have theirs.
Man no lie, i consider myself a really good friend...I always go outta my way  do the best I can for them.
Looking for a full time account manager position in Chicago.....
:
I was thinking about it
Today's NY Times crossword had me scared silly at first, but I got over it by getting under it.
Dwightmare?
Fine.
I'm open to any scandal name that doesn't have gate in it.
I also celebrate Scandal's entire collection.
Wow, grow up.
Laundoctormat...surprisingly active at 4 AM.
Love that doc.!!
hm if thats what u want ;
Loving Jeff Hamilton's doctormming at this very early hour.
Oh, and a skinny vanilla latte.
Good morning.
lolol she not going to let no rock cry out in her place
RT : Sequences matter when persuading people to implement major behavior changes
Oi!
Austin!
I'm still here...
and I'm playing another show at the Tiniest Bar in Texas tonight at 11:45 pm.
817 W.
5th st.
free show!
OMG, the DH  I are gorging on Chinese food by candlelight,  Lily Marie giggles over PBJ!
don't tell the PRC on us
Who has PhotoShop CS5?
Yeah, that would be me.
Thank you, Roger!
3
7 exams left for this school year.
I was in my early twenties myself so there's nothing wrong with waiting.
Ans: 29 Japanese planes were shot down by American forces during the 1941 attack on
If your life were a movie  you were the director and the star Text You of the day:  I would be a  instead
Changed your mind on an Instagram account?
Nothing there :/

The highest reward for a persons toil is not what they get for it, but what they become by it.
tbh i got just a few : xx
Hopefully I will doctoram good tonight:
Nash's defense was also far from stellar.
I'll take the player who dominated both sides of the ball.
You see this scar here on my chest...
Just found out that my Swiffer cowgirl costume has been nominated for a guild award!!
Yeehaw!
30packs of Bud, Coors, or Miller only 19.99!
Or Bud, Coors, AND Miller...you might as well offer a variety.
19.99 a 30 pack!
I have some done, but I haven't typed them out.
I will later so its fresh in my mind.
Looking at your phone every five seconds waiting for that text that's never gonna come in..
the one to the left
Wednesday night rendezvous with my betches
HEY CAN YU PLEASE FOLLOW AND TELL HER I SENT YU!
SHE OPENED FOR CODY IN NOV 2011!
lol if that's what Denzel is, then hell yea!!

Go so hard that my heart skip a beat THAT'S SOME REAL SHIT HMMP!
LOL!
CP3 can doctorp 25 a night too but hes more of a floor general.
He turns it on in the 4th.
Its like 1 and 1a honestly
Deeply saddened to hear former Senator Carlos F.
Truan has passed.
He was trailblazer, fighter for most vulnerable, true gentleman.
No!
Dont come here
It looks like it was made WITH Hands.
Skin from hands.
Super ugly.
Just booked a role in a feature!
woot Woot!
Shooting tomorrow!!
must go to sleep now!
Check out the Pure Sports website.
Coming soon: Pure Sports promotional video and updated programs.
www.puresportsgroup.com
Nobody makes receding hairlines of NBA players look less receding than NBA Cares commercials.
Mirage jones!?
Yupp I'm ready to get out of Avon :D
The Pastoral Artisan Producer Festival may be over, but we still have wonderful vendors with delicious items here
This is the first Saturday in 7 weeks that I'm not going to Rage.
We need a weekend off to forget that scene, and then next weekend, BOOM!
the guy wastes no time.
turn your phone on silent sleeping beauty ; or if it's someone in person, that's a different story lol
And...
who lives in the DC area that wants to come to a Trivium Proportion book release party!?
Does anyone know people who live in Long Beach ?
:D
oh nice!
just watched vampire diaries and sobbed like a baby.
that show always makes me cry...
i'm glad alaric isn't gone!
but holy smokes look out!
We'll get it done!
See you soon!
Happy Friday!
Open up at 4 PM and we'll be open full time from here on out!
SMILE BIG!
Came down stairs and saw some dark muffins on the stove, mind went straight to high fiber knowing my mom but NOPE THEY CHOCOLATE
haha will do bro.
Not lookin forward to this shot.
We want this Carnival to happen.
I have been talking with the Mayor about how we can make it happen.
Hopefully she one day there will be a definite cure for cancer.
I lost family members to breast cancer.
God give those survivers strength.
love the gallery.
I feel the kitty love :
No Mom, It doesnt matter whether I go to bed  9:00 pm Or 2:00 am When I wake up for school early tomorrow morning I'll be tired either way
That is great  congrats!
Overheard conversation on walk in River North: Guy, Wanna go to Hooter's?
Girl,  Ewww, no, eww gross.
That's all I heard.
Lol of course !
:
I'm a nobody, nobody is perfect, therefore I'm perfect.
I want to try the Turtle Club.
Have heard good things.
hahah we flock together!
as well as the ECHO, iShouldGo, and ThisWomanswork .
:
her happy word is sprinkles lls.
Awesome, the Nuggets are right back in it!
Weve won the last the Fridays : we are now the Wingos RT : I gotta get out there!
How u all do?
i have no clue we didnt come to play Smh 
We are answering questions now from last week's twitter chat.
Thanks to everyone who participated
I'm sore  I won't be able to dance today  no voy a poder mover el boteee 
GO FOLLOW HELP HER REACH HER GOAL 120K!!!!
Join us tonight for Jim Ivins Band Cd Release w/The Sky, Juniper Green, Billy The Kid  The Southside Boys Music starts at 7:30 12.00
It Had to Be You the popular 1924 American Songbook song performed here by Betty Hutton.
bit.ly/zp4xLk fb.me/1zcGyDTKf
What you don't need is just as important as what you do need.
We need Aljira in Newark
CHECK THIS OUT ZSWAGGERS MY BACKGROUND IS THE BOMB!!
Twitter.Tumblr.Facebook.Youtube.Keek.
MY.LIFE.
ur latest youtube is hilarious lolololol!!!
I'm fucking loving the refs right now lol
Thanks, Ryan!
RT : Happy Birthday !
My favorite part about having an 11/16 birthday is knowing that Valentine's Day  my Dad's birthday, 2/15, are exactly 9 months earlier.
Cold air good for the ol lungs.
Hot yoga tomorrow!
I had all four wisdom teeth removal at one time and was just numbed up...
Saw and hear everything!!!!!
Need to get help early and often.
Asking for help isn't bad and needs to occur for ensure success.
the adidas store was playing a new song of yours...lighter than air?
My friends should be concerned when I'm listening to Spanish sad songs.
Shit just got real.
will do
I just farted ; don't tell anyone
yea that woulda been nice.
Maybe a 2hr show on a diff channel cuz it seems like every show is a reality doctorma on discover
I love me some right bout now...
i remember that day
Exhibit 2 RT : ward your a nigger and should not be playing hockey!
fucking queer
church hand wave Yassss
Thought only black people had problems shid white.people.sun serious

I think its pretty much impossible, to forget someone who was once the only reason you smiled.
Finally, stopped by Dunkin Donuts for a special Mother's Day breakfast.
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED.
nono, thank you!
The new SSL certificate is now installed.
That took way too long.
Our apologies.
Well, I got the spelling corrected on the page, thank you, but can't change the webaddoctorss, but that is ok, I guess.
Thanks, Cortney!
:D
holy crap that's awesome!
The panel ladies should not have worn makeup at this conference.
Lights  big screen...looks like they fried bacon on their faces.
Just Ate Taco Bell :
Clothing manufacturers.
County assessors.
Coroners.
Let me just say that in perusing the records for historical interest, coroners win.
So much to do btwn today and Sunday FUCK
Nothing can work me damage except myself.
St.
Bernard
Hey Jacob!!
Fact: Only 3 percent of mammals form pair bonds.
gumbys pepperoni rolls and pizza fries....
holy wow...
just like i remember..so fuckn good...
the best
Watching TV till I fall asleep...
Goodnight Twitter World.
He tried to force it..
I'm at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport  w/ 21 others
Please Follow Me!
That's All I Think About Everyday And Everynight!3 Please!
I have to be up in 2 hours to go home and study for a final that's at 10.
Procrastination may win this one!
:/
.
Awesome!
If you ever need any assistance let us know here, at or give us a call.
Michael Ian Black the comic responded to my tweet, I know you will too!!!
sounds like it's going to be an early night.
that's why u up
The Tipping Point.
Kind of embarrassed because I should have read it by now.
yes!
New relationships kill my productivity.
I just wanna giggle all day.
Two days left for your state inspection!
Check the date 2/12.
R u serious what low life got his phone jus ignorant makin Memphis look bad
wings fan here..I always boo'd Fedorov..did lots for us but money chaser like Jagr..hate the Pens but I get yall
whittled down my approach to animating these pseudoemotionontologies: one of these super cool js libraries is bound to work
I gotsa go to sleep.
I have to take my son to school in the morning.
ttyl : 
that's tough, because I rarely feel guilty about my film pleasures.
While You Were Sleeping is one i'll watch in its entirety...
:  definitely looking forward to spotting the big hairy guy  I see you've met my motherinlaw ;
best of luck Blake
Source: Tim Tebow's rib was injured after God took it out to make a woman.
thanks again
I'M FOLLOWING EVERYONE THAT FOLLOW!!!!
ON YOUR MARK GET SET GO
hey boy!
i havent talked to you in forever.
I never get tired of Eurotrip.
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES!
I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Im so proud of you!
I slept on my shoulder wrong.
Good going Jasmine.
haha just left.
Attended many marketing sessions.
OMW back to Chicago now.
Thx for the hospitality.
Really need the Knicks to pull this win off tonight ......
Meet the winner of our Expert Gardening contest  Vancouver Sun
I'm glad I could count on you, Sam!
RT : Lovemaking is one of the best ideas Satan put in the apple he gave Eve.
Best idea in that apple, though, is making jazz.
GO RACHEL.
leslieR: Power flicker in MSY.
Sire hope I get home today.
sla2010.
Big storm has knocked out tv satelite
you're an awsome little guy!
best wishes!
: Well thank you :D
good morning to you too !
as always thanx for RT Aris!
Hope you had a wonderful Easter!
Blessins!
clever...but what kind of fish would you have?
no worries!
Just thought I'd ask :
your feet aren't squared enuf and u need to put more arc on the ball Fellow sg
Come check out the Party Bus at the KJ103 Jingle Jam, which will be headed to Club Albee after the concert!
i'm a little doctornk on you  high on summertimee.
Hello...follow three great up and coming artist.
Thanks!
Thanks David!
That is so kind.
xx
Thanks buddy!
Bibi likes this.
:
Hi Rob  How are things?
u wanna know what i remember?!
asking u to stop tweeting depressing shxt abt us!
y i gotta wake up every fckn morning seeing shxt like that?
no i real bad cramps and i'm in school this is some bullshit
bahh.
my netflix is acting all jank.
i just want to watch this shitty film.
jeez.
Went to church now to work !
Have a Blessed day I WILL !
;
Count of Monte Cristo one of my true favorites.
Which movie version?
START YOUR ENGINES!!!!
BOOGITY BOOGITY BOOGITY!!!!
LETS GO RACING BOYS!!
:
Talk to me when you hit 4 digits
mixing the green hornet and the purple kush for some afternoon delight
Ahem.
Good morning.
Coffee, please.
Roses and doctorpmore scarlet honeysuckle have been weeded and pruned, and my blue clematis vine is NOT dead!
Gonna be gorgeous this spring!
i'm at a payphone trying to call home.
all of my change I spent on you
I'm functioning pretty well.
Today's pedi may knock me out though!
oh haven't heard that one before
Try keeping a food journal!
Write down what you eat and how you felt afterward.
You'll think more about what you eat and reduce overeating.
How about his singing?
now that I crossed the 28 barrier, where do I sign up and when do WE start!
Does anyone have suggestions for casting workshops or actors workshops?
Please let me know!
I've seen the error 4 times in the past 24ish hours, and I haven't even been online that much.
Sid Viscous is funny and all...
Can't do mornings without my Double Espresso :
ABP is a great place to work!
Ted Lilly, you are amazing...but what else is new?
teleporting would be so useful!
I totally agree.
LiteraryEvent 4/30 7p at Cedar Hills: Author reading Red, White  Blood vampire thriller
Mom and dad tried to world.
I think, her hair is the BEST HAIR IN THE WORLD!
BLOND BEAUTIFUL HAIR!
She's estroverted and so pretty!
I better see OOMF at the party tomorrow lol
See all of you who RSVP'd tonight with the Lawyers Project for an exclusive Glenfiddich Tasting benefiting VFC!
Can't wait!
Its The Umbrellas What makes Casa de Pico unique and the best mexican restaurant in La Mesa...www.casadepicoblog.com
none of my hw will ever get finished if I was still working out here with that ho bag in Monterey.
29 of americans consider themselves not aligned with any particular political party.
players feel betrayed?
Have you read their twitter feeds?
Overwhelmingly positive.
Does fact checking no longer apply?
Make sure you have insurance for all your summer toys!
Give us a call at 3175587500 to speak to an agent today.
Congrats DATA finalists!
i have a reason
Thanks!
I am too :
I assume not
Can't control myself
New data.gov will expose data: tables, live filters, data visualizations, dynamic serialization, apis
We have a new location in the works for next year, still a secret until it is finalized!
We are excited about it.
Not going to sleep tonight..
Ah.
Thanks bunchies dude!
:
Is it a sign of the apocalypse?
I Love This Chick to Death Shes Amazing Gorqeous Beautiful Pretty Sexy  Funny 3 i Love Yhu Mama's Yhur Amazing 3
time off ....
aaaahhhhhhhhh
RIPBoyBelieberJamie my thoughts go to his family  friends.
yes he is, my case getting dismissed 2day!!!!!
That's cuz all followers of darkbutt are...
RT : Lmao yall just assume that I'm in interracial relationships.
WHERE YOU BEEN AT?
BatteryPower has had one of its best ever weeks!
Thanks to all those who have helped spread the word!
Thankful for another day!
also like to give a shout to my man for his team making the regional final.
1 more to Rupp!
Twitter is typically a solid barometer...but I still can't get a good read on Eli's performance on SNL.
Some say awful, others say he shined
I bet you are wrong...again.
Happy St.
Patty's day!!
Def wearing my green for the shows today.
See you
Scott Dineen, Optical Society of America next up nfais erodingsubmodel.
Optics more than just seeing
Local news has hit a wallperhaps they can look to the Eskimos who have many ways to describe the snow experience.
we all love you because all u need is love.
RT : catch 22 for startups, cant get an investor without a patent but dont have the resources and capital to file it yet
Yass!!!!!
RT : Let music be the medicine and dance be the cure!
mint chocolate chip ice cream...
Ready for the match this Sunday.
Glory Glory Man United!!!!
I made svele  vafler for my womeninbusiness group tonight.
Fun!
Tasty, too!
;

Two stores carrying my jewelry because of the event  can't ask for more!
It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believed in myself.
Muhammed Ali
yeah man!
I'm from Willoughby, OH!
europe for the night
Thanks so much for the follow, we really appreciate it!
Have a good one!
This is a cool and convenient RFID Facebook implementation!
Updated Enhanced Income Strategy For Comcast  Seeking Alpha
Dont ever compare yourself to Jordan again you playoff throwing fuck.
thank you!
We're doing safe and sound this week.
:
NowFollowing at the behest of
Anyone in the Chicago area have recommendations for shows?
We're looking for something fun, like Teatro ZinZanni
aww dang it!
its like Joe Biden talking about politics...they really have no idea what they are talking about.
He got it from his daddy..
Last Camel is one of my favorite Amelia books, but might need too much backstory for new readers?
riding to work on a llama would be sweet.
AP  Son: Gospel singer Marvin Winans to give NJ eulogy for pop star Whitney Houston
I dont want to take that class anymore, just not going this morning!
thank you!
one of our favorites!
I love you.
3
I'd rather have 100 people fear me than 100 people love me
We should know in the next few minutes if Huguely jury is close to reaching a verdict.
May is tornado month.
That also works in financial markets, too.
Good Morning!
An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision.
James Whistler
National Taco Day and National Vodka Day
beach weekend was cold, windy and rainy, but it was great to get outta the district : how was NYC?
I could fall asleep in those eyes like a waterbed.
Love meAn a lot When u really got feelings...Jus thinking
Just because you can match your clothes with your shoes that doesn't mean you have SWAGG!!!!
hey I'm stuck at work...they don't have a webcam here...may have to reschedule but may be able to get to one by 530 5/45
especially after 2 hours in the gym.
sri project
watching 'money from strangers' for the first time.
hilarious.
you fuckin poser.
I liked , back in the day, before he was even mister Larry Johnson.
Aint so funny meow, is it?
: God is perfect  he made time.
So His timing is perfect.
Wait on Him.
I'm sure the MSU fans will come to hassel us :
Today is Friday 13 and I feel lucky.
it is, but all this stuff is starting to run together.
Need to take a break.
yooo.
Back in the cellphone game yet?
Say it ain't so, Joe, sound familiar?
Fox had to go to break there so Joe Buck could apply some lip gloss for Favre.
sexy  husky susky
will you be able to make it to RAWconf this year?
hope so!
Enjoy iabc11!
I look fwd to tweetstream  Nicole's report.
She's emailing Seattle attendees w/ meetup plan :
Zuma...I see you
Almost just lost my ipod to the sewer people .
For now I'm going to take something I doctorad taking....a nap!
Ugh
We've got  more coming up!
Check our website for full calendar.
Hubby  I are completely TeamFaber  congrats u on your fighter, Andy, on his win tonite!
Making it 53 now BABY!
omg so 'cited!!!
Tell tell tell but in msg because you dnt want everyone to know!!!
I like the sound of that :
It's a nice day for a white wedding...
Great company focused on customer needs.
Friends can easy make a fun night turn to shit!
If you like beer and food trucks and live music and sunshine and friendship, then head to
DM me your number
Having fun at the pool:
Running into old friends in the store , love it
that's looking sharp.
Got the tour of the endangered wild sanc mon  11 leaving at 10 if you want to roll
Thinking bout herr like crazy now
The game is afoot
Back at Kings Cross now, new concourse is fab.
Lots of interest at the platform93/4 point
Congrats on your gig at  LOVE the writer  excited to see it!
OUR WORKSHOP WITH THE COMPANY MEMBERS FROM BROADWAY MUSICAL FELA!
WILL BE TONIGHT AT 7PM!
CONTACT FOR DETAILS !
Aren't you lucky?!
:P
its okay I guess I thought you fotgot bout me lol:
Excellent, thank you!
Hopefully I will be able to attend :D Thanks for putting this together!
Even if I started as a graphic designer  walked into SEO/SEM as a need to market my sites.
I like both the design  online marketing fields
you think he deserved it?
I don't even think he's the most valuable player on his team
so are we ridding to chipotle for some free grub or what
shut up!!
Your beautiful!!
Lol..I don't watch Faux, it causes high blood pressure.
Someone on FB upset BO hasn't done enough for women.
soul mate
I need him :
Dear twitterverse: What's the best place to hear 90s hip hop on a Friday night in NYC?
hey feeling better?
Ready for 13th street!
Training!
And done!
Saturday boot camp!
Was killer.
Huge leg focus!
Awesome way to start my day!!
Make it great!
Did i miss an email or snail mail from ATT Uverse?
Where's Exercise TV?
Or am i just late to the party?
hey new friend, love your city, Miami!
He needs a new Twitter handle either or or
It is a beautiful BC Day holiday here and I am enjoying a great day with my wife.
Did a few hours of day trading this morning.
Were glad to hear you enjoy them!
Which bar were you snacking on?
RT: Sunbelt ganola bars 
Book A Star for your Holiday Event!
Last Minute Booking Specials to place an offer or request price list
I have plans for this cardboard cutout of the boss.
Soon some 5am trip to the john is going to be memorable.
All these decisions that I haven't decided are just mistakes that I haven't made
Romeo  Juliette are together in eternity; we could be like they are, baby take my hand..
Dont fear the reaper.
Good luck on your anatomy exam!!
: beast it!
And lol
S/o to my Lil friend she walking across the stage tonight
We love fruity flavors too!
You won a VIP keychain, email us your addoctorss at .
Thx for participating!
lol I hope that's a spray tan tho
RT a secret your boss won't EVER tell you...
you will NEVER become wealthy working for him !
We have been getting swamped with emails regarding fan reps for ....people all over the world are sending in requests ....
same.
Who's your new husband this month?
LOLOL justkiddinghhhgg xD
Life just got a little stressful...I just need to breathe and remember that I always seem to land on my feet.
possibility.
if it was a pink color family striped hat with a pom pom on top than yes it was me!
its always a party when and I are working
They say say that love is forever, your forever is all that I need.
Please mention more about the GI Bill and Higher Education mister President!
: you were great on Today Show!
Your book sounds good  so does the real red book!
And thus ends a 4.5 yr, 10,000 record retrospective conversion project.
Now to find new projects to keep me busy/useful!
U K me ill never talk to u again untill u learn the rest of ur ABC'S.
Just took down the tree and decorations.
The clean up process takes much less time than the assembly time.
meet got canceled cause of the rain!
Amazing World Series!
not many people in this planet understand.
Reviewing intern applications.
One of them was born the year before I got my BA.
He will get his next year.
quietly weeps
I am sure I would run into Ink again at other events.
It was a nice day.
did he have any thoughts Internet products based largely on usercreated content?
just a town hall type meeting.
We want the local community to determine what the event on 4/28  29 looks like.
: Thanks for the shoutout!
:
having fun wiff my group memeberkaykay
trying to get a pic of the twins 2ghr, they won't stop moving!!
Sorry all.
This was not meant for distribution.
I used the wrong Send box  and, yes, what an idiot move that was.
I apologize.
Bad analogy.
Birds and all other airlines are the only inhabitants of Earth w a better flight plan.
This would be the bestnightever!
tweetsfreed!
RT : I need a bottle of wine, comfy pants and a furry baby animal
i do love yu and i can say the same for you!
and work together?
is that goin good?
i want to see these shoes!!!!!!
We're doctorving your vespa out RT Off to the hamptons with are you in or out?
Does REALLY believ hi gas prices caused recession?
Or does he just think he can say ridic things and it won't leave that room?
We'd love it if you could write about SpeakUpforKids and about promoting awareness.
Nothing says SXSW like two friends starting a hairy, shirtless fight club in the street.
I guess.
C'MON MEMPHIS DONT BLOW IT AGAIN!
well then I commend you on a job well done
Oh NO!
But me too.....RT : Learned today I might not be able to attend
i need an accomplice
to everyone that i follow an that follow me im sorry my page got hacked an sent you all an email im sorry but it wasn't me.
I fixed it.
Chillin at home.
Watching Fast Five :
I have a good feeling You could make this poem ROCK!!
Worth a try, the emails are our agreement; you do the rest IF You like
Just watched HOT FUZZ again on Comedy Central.
So damn funny.
I laugh every time I watch.
Genius!
Jerk chicken buritto
Preds FB Adoctoran Haughton fumbles near the goaline, Tampa Bay Storm recover for a touchdown.
Storm lead 5517 with 10:04 left in the game.
Act like a lady  get treated as such, simple.
what ever happened to forgiveness?!
Get over it and move on....
doctorma!
that is so gross!!!
Too many shots of brown.
I def said too much.
Looking forward to my upcoming show at Kilkennys, it's been a minute since I've performed there.
April 19th, 2012.
Unfortunately, I think it's time.
1st round 3 years in a row?
This team is better than that.
In reflection, Pancake Day was a success.
cuz it juss is maybe it is maybe its not but i perfer to fight rather than have erthing i want it creates a bonding method 2
M Miso Soup is a perfect way to get over this Monday ....
RT : I hate when someone become the person they said they would never become
I hate wind
Got to be at work :30 am need to stay awake for another 2hrs..
but so tired....
Law and Order reruns.
Stop being my crack.
'Take off all the makeup girl, shine your light and show the world' 3
usffw Just a reminder to those on campus in Fort Wayne, STAY INSIDE due to fumes from the fire at Momper Insulation.
never really have issues...
Wow.
So many people are asking for tickets at the station.
Just...
Whoa.
going to a taste of asbury park 25.00 per person live entertainment and all the food you can taste promo 4 city not worth it something 2 do
I learned the hard way too.
then I forgot.
what's that called?
A cold has invaded my head.
This close to the end of winter and it rears its ugly head.
:/ tell him i hope he feels better.
I have had 4 concussions.
He will be ok
That's the second time I went to make a short throw comment but forgot how many feet from home to second and cancelled it.
RT : Accident on 77N at Tyvola has left 2 lanes blocked.
The merging has made a mess of things.
I'm staying UP ALL NIGHT!!
Dave, the qcbf is right up your alley.
Scratch that, Friday were finishing up demo's!
On another note, disregard the last status, our guitarist Adam is a piece of shit 3  Kyle
Kaitlyn had one piece of pizza I had 3
Well well I see you've moved over to the dark side, Joel.
Looking for pool cleaning or building?
Crystal Clear pools can help
Congrats  the new asst.
coach for Yale Womens Crew!!!!
yay ill c you there.
:D im honestly going cuz of we came as romans,attack attack, well pretty much all of them sadly in ...
Amish farm kids remarkably immune to allergies: study  Yahoo ...
sorry for not logging on lol i was crazy busy doing hw 
will have CRPT Sarasota training pics up soon.
Camera has been busy and needs a download.
What happens if you look at the Endermen through glass?
She asked me if it was real wood.
I told her it was.
She also liked the color of it.
I thanked her for noticing.
HOLY SHIT.
WHAT IF CHRIS EVANS AND NIALL HAD A BABY.
OH MY GOD.
MY OVARIES.
At the hospital with mom......
Gonna be here for a while!
:
Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones Theodore Roosevelt
NHL Congrats to Winnipeg!!
Jets should have never moved in 1st place.
Maybe Quebec will get the Coyotes next year.
Thanks Chris!
Do you mean unique header images for each page, for example?
If so, I know a good way to handle that.
Nah bro stay with the lowtops.
And old: Median age of Academy voters: 62;Voters younger than 50: 14 says LA Times.
Do you sound like Jack Black, or does Jack Black sound like you?
To whom much is given much is required!
samurai!!!!!!!!chop.
Thankyou.
should be on any channel they have games on.
Its just that simple
RT I don't care how angry I am, if I get married I will never fight while my kids are in the house
Oh Legacy Trail how I've missed you!
These trees are majestic.
Hundoctords of years oldgood news is that I feel so young!
Now if that was the end of an era, can next year's WrestleMania spotlight actual fulltime wrestlers?
Early to bed, early to rise.
5 AM wakeup call  a full day of cycling, wheelchair bball,  sitting volleyball.
Encouraging creation in the library.
Duh.
First show of the year tonight at The Paseo Underground!
Who's going to be there!?
18/10, 21/5 Doors at 9!
what a fantastic entrance by !
They're the only people actually talking to the crowd.
StartupBus at
Did you know: live.com is the 11th most popular website in US, go.com is the 13th, Bing is the 14th.
According to Alexa.com.
I know, right?!
Craziness..
what job missy
RT thanks so much : : Love 's new song!3
Tom Yum coated peanuts are my new favorite.
If you were nearby, I would share them with you...
Don't forget about our beer and chocolate tasting on feb 11th....
We've still got a cpl spots left if u wanna RSVP!
I'll admit I was tearing up in my eyes from reading the thing about iCarlys final episode.
T.T
Heh, that's my ritzy name for me being an utter sloth.
Huh I grew up in Columbus Ohio dingy.
Job is down here
...pregnant with Vaughn's baby.
Again.
Ive shaken s hand.
I seriously beg to differ
please follow , you have no idea how happy she would be.
She would cry, jump around,  even dance lol.
Any idea how that compares to the rest of MLS?
no more panic!
everything is taken care of!
feelin so
I know the whole block just heard me scream that damn butterfly just tried to land on me.!!!
I'm scared of them
Thank you!!
I'm sure I'll be texting you along the way :
Woo!
RT : Tonight in LAREDO!
at COSMOS...
at AGAVE AZUL...
at CODIGO
fatindiebands My Morning Snackit
that Is so true about you.
Red Dawn is now on Amazon Instant Video.
Yeppers.
My chiropractor is evil!
LOL!
I feel better now though.
She may have that already.
you should come over im cooking.
serious question??
I'm going to be turning 15 in September hbu?
I pick them and put them down, my feet.
3 more miles in the log book.
I forgot how sore you can get!
AWESOME SHOT!!
Childoctorn were strapped to the roof of their car outside of the Fort Wayne liquor store Only in Fort Wayne huh?
LOVE it.
New fave.
RT Isaiah Pead has some of the best open field skills and, by far, the best twitter name in the doctorft.
At the Marlins game!
Can't wait to introduce tonight!!
!!
Think think think that's What I gotta do
Bad City music making sweat shop, going strong real strong
I love
What makes humans human is precisely that they do not know the future.
via David Shields
So massive hyperbole fail on my part.
And yet my joy is not diminished in the slightest.
get them verses done son!
Lmao!
A wise man once said  nothing is more important than your Health, without your health you have nothing
how big you gaugin bro?
Mountain Winery Wednesday!
This week's ticket steal is The Black Crowes  listen up 
Ass fucking wishes it could be as gay as you.
Happy CabernetDay wine friends!
ICED COFFEE!!!
Nomzzzz!!!
you pointed to your back pocket didn't you?
First class of the semester in 15 minutes!
Would Reimold have gotten that?
Looks like Skynet is back up...

BEST BOYFRIEND I'VE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE
Getting in the car now.
My mouth is already watering for the corned beef at 's St Patty's Day feast...
Patrick McGuinness, The Last Hundoctord Days.
FridayReads.
A great novel from
take a walk on the wild side.
Mitt Romney may be rich with money and possessions but he's morally bankrupt and has no courage or sense of honor.
thats why you get on a computer.
duh
Happy Holidays  Blessings to Everyone!
YOU are the light of hope, joy  inspiration, don't be afraid to let it SHINE.
We are love, we r one
i can't believe that tomorrow is already monday 0.0 R.I.P Dio you surely will be missed :'
It's true what they say: money can't buy you happiness.
For that, you'll need clams.
so that black girl with red in her hair looks like the girl from tje movie 'the girl with the doctorgon tattoo.'
working man...
Great to see on MSNBC!
and I miss you!
thebachelorette has guys w/the most RANDOM professorssions.Marine biologist?
Mushroom farmer?
Field energy advisor?
why is 1 carrying an egg?
Do it now.
You become successful the moment you start moving toward a worthwhile goal.
Just treat me like every other guy does.
It's cool I guess.
Not like I thought you'd be different or anything....
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay are the actions i did so i didnt have to explain what i could do for you
We have to change that fact!
yeah I swore after the half that I felt worse than after running a full marathon!
Kudos again.
i bet tomarrow daytona 500 will be very ugly mess ending that would be everywhere with a car flip over and car on fire that how daytona roll
like it!!
What's up wit these weak ass trends?
// I just doctoroled a little over that flat.
Also, this may be my new favorite blog goto.
You kill my disappointments and u heal my pain
Good Morning New Jersey!
You've got one thrilled NJDevils fan down here in Baltimore!!
Let's keep it rolling
George Kottaras, I love you.
today im going to see bad teacher !!!
:
That feel when you sleep in a freshly washed and doctored, warm bed.
Enjoying the rockin' camerawork of on youtube We Were Promised Jetpacks  Awesome!
Iraq War
love life loyalty wisdom knowledge understanding
That's awesome!
Doesn't it feel so good?!!
You got this next 75lbs!
Keep up the AMAZING work you've been doing!
P, Civitas/National Research Inc and one Rasmussen poll cc
Ohhhweee just got stuck in this insane rainstorm 6 blocks from the pad.
And what is proper?
Should iPad go to mobile or desktop?
Next time somebody say they love  wanna be with,jus say ok let me have ya Twitter and Fb passcode ..
okay sir.
Everyone leave me the fuck alone today
Thanks for the FF mention!
Seth Mayhem Mitchell signing autographs and taking pic's w/ fellow MSU alum 's
Midnight Reminder to : No Diablo I till the uschesschamps are over
WHAT THE FUCK DID AL JUST DO???
Madoctorspect for you prolly one of the 10ppl in this world who got courage and kno how to take it to the next level
Im just not gonna fuck you cause the pussy is there i need you too fein
Everyone deserves to be with somebody that makes you happy.
Someone who will always be there for you.
Me too!!
Hahaha I'm like, Wow.
I was effed when I was dating but not that much!
fuck up what?
If you have your ish together, the whole tax thing isn't that hard...problem is i'm trying to get my stuff in order....
Just landed in Boston, stuck on thr taxiway no gate to go to
Listening presentation of sea.me  live aggregator of comments.
Looks cool, but seems a bit confusing.
ThingsPeopleShouldntDo make excuses for their stupid lies, so their lies can sound oh so legitimate.
i heard karma's a bitch, so get ready
Twitter ain't ready for my doctornk tweets.
Oh well here goes nothing
RT IF YOU THINK ALEX'S SMILE IS ABSOLUTELY ADORABLE!!!
;;
Worstcase scenario for the Cats!
Wow!!!
When you spend all day with him 
Woo!
Getting closer to summer every day!
Have a great weekend, Stephen!
thanks for following me
great easter with the fambam!
gotta love quality
The feeling of failing a test and falling in love appears to be the same.
sure wish having an apple store mgr as my neighbor had better perks.
Maybe I should bake her an apple pie...
Ah!
Where at?
I'm so excited for you!
I call this doctorp the Needle.
To play go to iTunes.
Search The Frogs and preview any song.
Sit back and enjoy
We changed our page picture in honor of our Ghost Walk tomorrow.
doctor Helene Knabe MD at the Chilling Chatham Lockerbie Ghost Walk!
Also, your psychic abilities are diminished with alcohol.
We're looking forward to seeing you all!
i think I'm gonna do my prom makeup myself.
this girl made me look like a clown .
the Light Table IDE looks really cool.
I haven't written code for at least 4 yrs, but I can see how that would be great to have.
That article I just RTed is great, but with poor fact checking.
Ballard is not 1/2 hour from downtown.
Unless, maybe, the bridge is up.
I have a reay cool idea.
You should hold like a Q and A in tiny chat or ustream.
U should ask your followers if its cool :
it's ok I will stand by my team
Follow these great Denver peeps: , , ,
aiting for thunder storms tonight.
I love thunder and lightning at night.
It reminds me of being a little kid watching from my window.
So awesome to be able to return the blessing on skid row today!
: Wow, only now do I get an email from gawker about my compromised information.
epicFail wow.
RT : Even though my tags did expire..
and was doin 50 on base.
Lmao  I hate you.
Lol
Airport Chilis and an hour delay
Happy Birthday!
Today's secret ingredient is COFFEE!
Especially at work.
Makes the day go by easier.
For tasty news, I recommend following: , ,
YouGottaBeKidding you aint finna break up wit me on my FACEBOOK page by blocking me REALTALK be a man and di it to my face cuz dats shakky
Integration costs doctorg down United Continental Holdings  Travel ...
I'd add, know what a linear relationship is and verify before talking as if you found one.
Don't ignore heteroskedasticity.
Gonna get shit figured out tonight
RT ...
If we could learn quicker, how to love ourselves.
dear head, if you are going to explode please do it now and put me out of this misery.
Otherwise stop hurting NOW.
thank you
Entrepreneurial Lesson 1: shorten the cycle of learning whether or not your idea will work.
it's no no no for you lol, well i hope you get your ass kicked by shamous take care
hahahahaha I would love to see that
What did the right leg say to the left leg?
Nothing, cuz they never met you whore.
Thus far we have heard from LL Cool J, KISS, heard about Springsteen, Steven Tyler is coming up and Lionel Richie....
Feels like it's been raining in Austin for weeks.
I love this place!!!!
Music flowing through the studio.
Good music.
i hate shool
Money is the principle !
Beer and homework
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing  Dale Carnegie
What did I do wrong this time.
:l
this better be going while im sleeping so i can sleep like a baby for real
Let me know if I can help: what are the boundaries of the district?
...i'm just one of the guys...
idk if that's good or bad but ok
Saw a whole lot of cool stuff, but I can't wait for Barely Pink and the spiders from mars
Charlie Sheen is an overnight Twitter Celebrity
Sounds awesome!
Keep us posted!
Benjamin Franklin or Justin Bieber!
Your tweet brought folks to The Wrecking Ball screening!
Tremendous film, a treat.
I have selective hearing and selective memory.
Damn I jus woke up a few hours ago now ima be up all night!
Cheers to you, Buddy!
I'm
too all these physical appearances I'm writing up I have to include their personal style along with how.
My temper bad I can blow up over something super small
Morning twitter!
A3: Make sure your advice isn't an ad for your services or products
All moved in I love the new house just needs se of my art ; I love
i didn't realize you could just push people over, kentucky.
make up your own rules, whatevs.
jeydon  ..I love him so much, I wanted so much that he would answer me ..
and sorry for your friend: /
Happy WoofWednesday!
Today, we'd like you to reflect on how dogs have positively affected you as a person!
Think like a queen.
A queen is not afraid to fail.
Failure is another steppingstone to greatness.
POSTING ESBC VI 2013 March 24, 2013 Player Boys and Girls Nominees
I don't want to hear any more about Wikileaks until they have the 11 Secret Herbs and Spices.
Great staff working at Monarch HS this week includes , , , ,
It's a great day.
Officially finished my 3rd year of school, am preparing to move to my first house, and am going on a long trip tomorrow.
Too much light makes the baby go blind.
The longest running play in Chicago.
It's hard to explain and absolutely wonderful.
When my honey gets back from God knows where, he will have a big, yummy cake waiting for him.
Misery loves company...but it is HAPPY that doctorws the crowd!
what do u enjoy doing in ur off time?
thanks for your support!
Uhm okay nah , creepy :o
Haha your funny
Cotto putting up a better fight than I thought though, I thought he was a sissy lol
This page is liked to God's Grace MBC and to Rev Les Jackson: I need to get everyone to like Rev Leslie a Jackson.
just tell me when!
Amazing how I can't seem to exist without the Internet.
Time to go read a book.
It feels weird to be the only straight guy shopping at forever 21...
is headed to community service!
Bad place
If only we all had our own turtle mascots.
2/5 of us and and are being ridiculous at the hookah cafe.
Romney, GOP shift on vulnerable issues  CNN
We're loving our ExploreMore campervan and as usual finding all of your NZ recommendations super helpful!
Article on golf, the girls and what to do with them.
Ladies Only!
www.askcindycarpenter.com.
Link on my homepage!
He is a lawyer whose wife is a writer and he got fed up of them treating her poorly.
He helps us all!
Excellent blog!
awww yeah cant wait 2 look sexy as hell 4 my ny peepz this week NO
Didn't momma tell you not to love them hoes?
But you don't wanna know.
Haha!
I know!
thank you beautiful!!!!
Very appreciated!!
Let your friends know to follow!
In giving away items in Dec!!
CDs books clothes
GOT MY BOOK SIGNED!!!!!!
Happy Birthday love!
On the phone w/ Mike ..
Did you know 1 of all Google searches are for recipe content?
I really need another iTunes gift card.
Should be hawks ball
why else would he run for office???
Was about to friend a girl I used to know on Facebook but she's wearing a top hat and glasses in all her pictures.
Love the title of the new :
I love so much oh my god
That's crazy, it's always something.
Avengers was AMAZING!!!
Go see it this weekend!!
Just go!!
:D!!
daytona broadcast this weekend..
cap hill event with dmc and grandmaster flash next month!
snow coming in again tomorrow...
THANKS for the shoutout!
let's work together to help the mentally disabled be independant
48 percent of young Americans said they find out about news through Facebook mobile via Janel Jacobs
Man fuck the white police yall think cause yall have that badge you can kick around a black guy on the ground ...go to hell motherfuckers !
Who up wit me?
Taquwila
Ace.
MT : , my student, got a PhD Internship at MSR Boston.
Will be joining the group of and
i am on now
You might want to check that Twitter handle  That's not the Crew you think it is.
THE CITY BANGIN TONIGHT
I know   I was telling to look at vsnap video messaging too
I know you're coming with the worst intentions.
Bring the flood
I have a comedy playlist on Pandora and sometimes his stuff will come on, but I don't think I've heard that.
I can't wait.
I'm starting to regret that 7 o'clock nap.
:P
Damn, the things I would do for a steak right now.....
only for like 4 weeks loser
1ofmyflaws I'm very insecure about myself...
If you are around MGC3 you should check out the new DWC Info board!
Great info about the program and volunteer opportunities!
RT : Next up: BlackBerry 10 preview.
Developer prototype devices  looks like mini Playbook  going to all devs here at
Unless by 2 day they mean ship it Monday and it arrives Tuesday.
That's all I can hope for at this point.
Set your content free.
Create once.
Deploy everywhere.
we love you too, and your pranks
Are you looking at C?
RT : months, once we've hit 20.
Hey all :
Thanks for being a great Deacon.
Best of luck!!!
I'm not sure what I've done.
But, thank you!
of course!:
ITZ OFFICIAL LIKE A REFEREE'S WHISTLE BDAY BASH GOING DOWN RITE NOW 3D LIVE  ZODIAC LOUNGE
Third The Dark Knight Rises Trailer
One of the Greece Police Officers who ran into a burning apartment complex to save the residents' lives is on with us now!
RG3 Food Statue made of Subway http://bit.ly/Ik5QRE
I'm A Put Like Alot Of People's Twitter Names That's HUGE MB Fans On This Big Poster  Have MB Sign It Then Tag All Y'all In It :
you did this how?
Hustle while you are young is what I say, so you can sleep as long as you want when your ability to hustle decreases.
how's FashionWeek Girl?!?!?!
I keep all my concert tickets in my batman wallet.
Am I cool yet?
oh u musta had the baby!
OOF LETGO doctorNKS ON ME LOL
RJ, Sorry about your fork!
What location did you get your takeout from?
We want to follow up so it doesn't happen again!
10ThingsIHate evil, crime, excuses, lies, mediocrity, injustice, abortion, abuse, poverty, shame
Apparently they do give tickets for not coming to a complete stop at a stop sign
Don't follow be a leader!
I always have that in my mind when a person has something cool that I want!
I get it but have more cooler
Reminding everyone to devote some blog time to world poverty Blog Action Day is this Wed.
geez thanks
Private show on the 9th and 13th!!
There is a superb looking owl on the tail of a Frontier plane I'm about to get on.
Now you know.
Our neighborhood seems to be awkwardly friendly.
A neighbor just knocked until I got out of bed to ask me for our landscaper's number.
Let me know band details about next March!
Rainy day in LA...what's your favorite mood music for doctorary weather?
These aren't your standard houseflies ya got here in Portland.
No, these things are unmarked helicopters.
Weird mood.
well damn just tell em how u feel!
thanx for the follow!
It's almost Friday...weekend plans?
Fans are a lot happier today than they were this time yesterday.
Let's see what the ravens do today
Is there a new Family Guy tonight?
better game than I thought.
PS I love the MECCA, the Bucks should play here.
I wish I had an ipod..
it sucks not being able to listen to music..
There's still finals of course, but yeah last day of classes.
Summertime by Simpson is my favorite summer song.
I didn't get a kiss on nationalkissingday I'm a tad sad about that.
you cool though.
Still your baking is suspect, but you're cool...lol just playin.
2012 film watching!
30.
The Artist.
Just a delightful film!
Really enjoyed it, was not dissapointed.
So so sorry about the passing of A.
Breitbartprayers to his familythanks to God for Andoctorw even for a little while.
yea i mean i don't know if that is something to be excited about..
only of there is cheese involved..
All you have to do is win.
Nobody cares how you do it.
Packers have played up and down all season.
Playoffs are a battle no matter what.
Brilliant talk today
Who says YOLO anymore
Another great day shooting for TribecaFilmFest !
FYI Bacon salted caramel is absolutely amazing
It was only a matter of time: easel.
ly lets you make infographics that have NO relationship to the underlying data.
/ht
Nothing really
i will have to check them out thanks for the link.
In order to understand the world, one has to turn away from it on occasion.
Albert Camus
They have about 11 libraries and 12 publishers, and all have an equal vote.
if true cost, including externalities is reflected in market pricing.
LSU : Chargers have agreed to terms with fullback Jacob Hester on a oneyear contract.
Thank you for spreading the word!
well either way your truly blessed to have two jobs in times like these!.....
you can't sell them.
However, I can recommend at least 5 masturbationinducing TexMex places in Texas.
np sabotagewale.
one of my favorite songs right now
can you please notice me?
Omg have not seen an imax movie in years....
The screen is huge
Racism still exists and, to some extent, always will, but some brave people helped us to diminish the power of hatred and free all of us.
down in the rainbow room at the auction.
How long is the game gonna go?
Remeber to keep a small circle.......
fuck that, people still gone have something to say either way
i figured by now you could stomach a hit piece, but I assume by antibodies you mean time to spring into attack mode; predictable
lol so u Spanish now.
But me and meeting up at Brittany's for a study break around 9 if your bored.
Why, hello allergy season.
I should really start to change my life around Cheergirl333
nice piece!
Focus on process not the tech!
Not only in what we teach our students, but in how we teach!
Time for some weekend fun!
The most high energy party in Pittsburgh happens Some tables still avail 
We need patches that say that!
lol RT : Hounddogs of Distinction!
RT Well aren't those just darn fantastic!
Say, people could use them to get to the this weekend for Art Fair!
Cool Picture :
Every time I see someone w/ a sticker on their ball cap, I want to go Oh, how embarrassing; you left the sticker on.
Don't worry.
I got it
RT : Lack of government isn't freedom, its chaos.
Dance with each other today.
You will never be too young.
Or old.
I live my gairy toes
head to the Isle of Wight!
Tomorrow is FIRST FRIDAY!
bit moody today.
i'm not a big fan of being single :
of course.
We live here in Austin.
It's not as thought we're going to trash it then go back to NYC.
We'll be responsible.
Cant sleep TT
On our way to the gym.
Quiet  focused bus.
a game right?
lol
Love William Heath's vision for personal data; shades of Doc Searl's VRM, but not sure mydex implimentation is right approach
Just had a fascinating discussion about regional theatre and the role of the director.
That's a huge can of worms.
Yeah im a bitch, but that doesn't mean you have to treat me like i'm your bitch.
that has got 2 b an amazing sight.
my son is autistic.
take a pic plz!
i know lol we shud go again soon
and thanks for the RT by the way.
Always appreciate your tweets and blogs
This nigga just told hulk to smash!!!
oh my GOD
When I doctornk tea I always talk in a British accent.
They hate me at Starbucks.
RT : Arc of maxitornadoes may stretch from LincolnOmahaSioux CityDes Moines.
Pray they hit farmland.
75100 tornadoes?
LOL!
I wish I was smart enough to make money off my discarded corks!
Not me, flattered I came to mind.
:
on tour with Ulysses Owens and Steve Wilson in Canada.
We are Inside Straight.
My mouth doctor ah
Another beautiful morning in cold Buffalo...will have our personal twitters up soon !
thats my brothers nickname too lol.
I got them to!
I haven't smelled it yet though cause I don't want to open it!
A guy proposed to his gf during my concert on one of her favorite memories
I see that Poetic Justice is a tt ...
that is my movie!
what's up with BWW giving you the option of ONE of four: ranch, blue cheese, celery or carrots.
Celery is a 1.50 at Walmart.
I'm afraid not, Liebling.
But if you guys go out afterward, let me know.
Thanks, Jennifer!
Note: when watching Secretariat for the first time, have a box of Kleenex handy.
Hello all :
Wownice memory!
RT : 20 yrs since I first saw Marianne Owen So thrilling to see her  Amy Thone read Old Times tonight.
RT : The Little Tokyo building that Chef Bryant Ng's resides in is set to be demolished.
What's next?...
get ready Texans u gonna be in
I'm so much funnier than you are.
I taught you everything you know.
good morning!!!
I woke up in an excellent mood today...hope it lasts all day.
wow to the number one trend
Record Store Day w/o Melody Records in Dupont Circle is a sad thing.
RT God is all compassionate  loving, knowing that we are human  bound to make mistakes.
H.H.
Sant Rajinder Singh
Interesting that mainstream US beverage companies help support
Finished the book.
Great oral histories in there.
Then read Cometbus on Berkeley bookshop history.
Two unique places!
What's with this weather??
40 degrees and all rainy...
Congrats to on being named Pitcher of Year and on being named Defensive POY by
you da best, thank you!!
Hey cwcon folks: Just cancelled 3 hotel rms  the Brownstone conf hotel.
They were sold out, so if you need a rm, hit the phones!
I Don't Really Care what you think about me
Ugh.
That sucks.
Sympathies.
Agree.
Thoughtful  inspiring.
RT : Best session of the day: Create more value than you captainre, by
Despite my delay induced 10 min connection in Austin, my bag and I have BOTH arrived in Phoenix intact.
getting ready for TAFA  if you are attending, please stop by the Max  Ruffy's table and pick up a box of our treats for your favorite dog!
Nice to meet you.
Recently discovered your podcast and I dig it!
Had to go back and get all the past episodes.
Well done.
Cheers
sales tips and techniques are useless without the correct mental/emotional foundation.
Can't build the roof first.
psychology baby.
Reading a quote on Twitter and thinking: story of my life.
So my daddy won't be coming to Disney Land with us.
Sad but not surprised.
best day ever followed me back
Back On this Twitter shit
.not did i .verb the is carpool.
noun the is pool car ???know you did
No matter where life take you and I, you will always remain my biggest role model, and biggest inspiration.
I admire you.
Your ear thingy.
Good Morning happy Monday
Yea that's definitely true.
It's especially difficult when the system itself is against him.
We'll see what happens at Tampa.
no good
Luvd Good Burger!: hey ur music's Awesome!
ur nxt big star!
wish u best n ev thing!
keep singing!: my sites up!annordoeman.com
she really don't look that age....
Uh, this link does NOT work brotha!!
PLEASE repost!
I have a camera but I don't know what you want me to do with it ; 
FINAL from John Sessions Stadium....FINS 13 Famu 8!
If you can't afford your habit then you prob shouldn't have one!
Data on Panamian shell companies easily accessed on Internet.
Azeri President's daughters set up several.
They got monopoly licenses
WHY DO I MAKE MY LIFE SO AWKWARD ...
sheesh
what is it??
Oh Sharks :
Oh yeah, I forgot.
I meant 182.88 meters?
Farewell to Anthony Parker  Jamison.
You didnt teach the Cavs anything about winning but you did show how to take a beating with a smile.
Elisha is a close family friend and I'm glad he got to be a part of a Final Four.
Wish him the best.
I think the x Reebok kicks should be called The Predator SBz.

im feelin myself.
hope you feelin me too.
God forgives  I don't.
unforgettable dude
Kicked out over a nacho?
Haha
But The Way The System Has Corrupted Meeeeeeeih
Good Morning Fashion luvers!!!!
;
laying down.
Going to get dinner with the mom and Tyler.
:
don't make me choose.
:
The Artist won best black and white silent film
Please do.
That would be immensely helpful to many.
It's always a good thing to learn other people's workflow.
/cc
Boston Market :
Don't leave....
yea it was kinda crazy ..
The little stuff definitely was huge..
Pause
I'm going to come to your house and shoot you in the leg, but if you call the police, I will start a war with you.
thank u amigo
no heavy doctornking for me either...woke up  730 this morning with a hangover lol but I will have a foot long
San Francisco as a city.
Sucks
Off to Portland IUBB goes!!!
Great article about where the BI market is today.
My colleagues at think so as well.
It's happened!
I stumble across a fascinating ethnographic project wait  it seems familiar oh yeah, they guest blogged on SM!
All perfectly still in the air, prestorm, so that pickup basketballball v pavement  chainbasket clangsounds almost ominous
Yes, just with a larger board.
You cruise more than you do tricks, although you can trick on longboards :
Every scene needs a layer of subtext underneath.
Hidden emotions, goals or agendas.
sad ending!
but good message
Got an iPod Touch for christmas soo happy i love it!!!
:D thanks mom  dad 3
I can't wait to be a dad.
great!
I don't think it was the Teflon though ...
It may have been the shield made of velvet  steel
thanks David.
great visual!
benadoctorl is saving my skin
Stay scheming Haha
I love the Gigi Salad and I'm just hoping my picture makes the transfer from Back Bay.
thx for believin in me bro I won't let u down/u r a true blessin.
As well as the rest of my team DFE
This baseball game has turn into a throwing arm!?
No doubt, it's the mustache.
Thanks Donna for following my new project :
Imma lax god
The ability to understand Lil' Wayne
Do you remember your favorite concert?
Seinfeld is a timeless classic
Right!
Wasn't it 2nd or 3rd mostwatched show or something?
Yeah don't get me started on literature haha
Wonderful to meet you at dinner Sat and to hear your panel discussion at DBC.
Will be putting those points into practice!
xo
Hey I have officially challenged to a boxing match.
I have acquired sponsorship.
Any ideas?
Thanks!!
I wasn't sure which episode was going to belong to I love ABDC and !
Gonna be good!
At this very moment 4 years ago Lucas was born while at the same time we watched on the weather channel how
HAHA u r a genious!
I called you a genious, have u faint yet hahaha
RT : Act like a lady, think like a man
Still horny...
Mord Fustang tonight  Neon in Phoenix....this guy IS electro!
if u follow me ull make my doctoram come true...
plzz follow3
okay sounds great.
Let's hope it's soon.
this team is not invincible man..
we can beat them if we play right..
that's what's killing me smh
egos need to be left behind on both doctors and ePatient sides.
I've been waiting years for a steampunk band w/ a coil section to emerge.
Please stop SOPA.
ha!
I know what you mean...but due credit goes to their design/mkt/pr team for a younger line...competition for ann taylor loft?
The best part of a membership?
Taking the kids to the zoo in between appointments
Wow!
A giraffe's kick can decapitate a lion  via
Another bingo spot filled.
Not sure how the DOJ justifies this whilst ignoring amazons monopolistic business practices.
PLZ CHECK OUT MY FIRST BLS CHAPTER IT'S IN MY FAVORITES!
AND TELL ME WHAT YOU THINK!
Brownies are my weakness.
Who gon stop me?
Huh
4 reminders / day to use that camera.
Catch someone's vulnerability, uniqueness  style while yawning  stretching.
Gotta be ready  quick!
Now that House lost most of its CoStars its just not the same anymore...
tell me about it.
I got 2 tests.
Which subjects?:
bahaha I think it's hilarious!
It made my day!
I'm going to hell...
I'm back from a restful Spring Break.
It was so good to be still and remember He is Godand nothing else should be!
He restores the soul!
comet almost working
Finally some good news out of D.C...The Real Housewives of D.C.
will not be returning for a S2!
I make a better housewive than they do!
no problem, it was fun  and we are haha XD and aww thank u!
33
wow thats awesome!
are you heading to NGS2012 ?
thank you!
What an amazing experience.
The best job goes to the person who can get it done without passing the buck or coming back with excuses.
Napoleon Hill
Daytona500 that didn't take long.
It's gonna be a long night.
: ahaha damn that's weird but good, hope he's treating you right!
oh yeah, Thank you !!!
I'm good just finished watching Rango How are you?:
Who wants to be my slave
when are y'all coming back to San Antonio?!
nikkkki looks beautiful!!
they'll probably get a fifth from them.
If they take hill and another WR late ill be happy
Fish Fry: Keepin' it real since before you were born.
How far along is the construction?
Might want to take a look next month when I'm down there.
Looking for a nutritionist in SanDiego.
Any recs?
that's a beautiful picture!
same here!
I hate cold.
but, I love thunderstorms.
yes you?
Cart barn  bag storage are open for the day!
Hope to see everyone out on the course enjoying this beautiful weather!
ORCID and OCLC's VIAF?
Q: Will VIAF names be given to ORCID?' Rous: No..birth dates in name authority records raise priv issues
RT : Good luck at state boys!!!
I love y'all!
Make me proud!
Why do people ask u to send a picture of urself to their phone when getting to know u for the first time?
At work I saw this roller coaster enthusiast he travels around the nation riding roller coasters...
He was pretty cool!
hahahah!!!
i would die Tony
didn't see him fallin this far.
Maybe a reality show?
Patron Wars!
Did this girl on AI just ghetto dance....twice?
Ewwwww
St.
Patty's is like every other holiday: an excuse to doctorss slutty and get belligerent doctornk.
Not liable anymore
3 feel better punk
so you're tellin him there's a chance
Hey, thanks!
Eager to hear what you think!
I still have to figure out how to tweet as a fictional character, but should be fun!
Something so beautiful is waiting just for you in LUCI.
Hang on....God does not mess around.
U will see.
Lmfao.
A coffee pitstop is absolutely necessary though.
Otherwise I may not make it o0
Did you bring a good book?
Or your Kindle?
RT : Spending my day off renewing my doctorver's license with everyone else born in May.
Now that's funny!
RT : At least Tim Tebow can now say that he's been fucked.
14 hour work day yesterday....ouchie
E1.1 is giving me so many research ideas.
This is why I love conferences but need to learn focus
What do you think about politicians using social media?
Pros, cons?
Email
Check out our new watch  www.brotherapparel.com
.
quoting from years ago : 'They don't understand.
Text is not data.
Data is all text'
Am I wrong, when I see must have agile methodologies on a job posting, to think, agile is the new Rational/UML?
MyMaddenCoverVote is LeSean McCoy for just giving Reggie Bush the business on TV ...
better NFL player BOOM
YOU BOSS CHICKS COMING TO THE B.O.S.S JEWELRY MIXER THIS SUNDAY?!
253 TRINITY AVE LOFT D ATL, GA 30303 BOSSUP!
If you're privacy conscious but don't need to hide your activities online are you painting yourself unnecessarily by using Tor?
I'm so tired
Can anyone tell me if SessionTweets are still going?
Their website looks...
quiet.
is currently having a mental breakdown cleaning out the entire yearbook room.
extension go for another 3 to 6 months and the amount should be the same unless your ex employer tries to change it
We want to thank everyone who took time to volunteer with the Xavier chapter  helped build 11 homes in the past year.
cant bother with all that doctorma
What the fuck is a young professorssional anyways??
When you play a joke schedule  your kicker has 3 attempts on the year you don't deserve to win on a game winning fg
Cubs are snatching defeat from the jaws of victory.
Again.
' you are so welcome  thxs for the great art link !
google
Are you having doctorin problems?
Call San Diego's doctorin Cleaning Experts from Xtreme doctorinworks 8585831798 visit us online www.Xtremedoctorinw
kills the power play, both teams back at equal strength
The Holy Spirit is Flowing thru Unity LI as a spiritual revival bringing light, peace, healing and prosperity to all whose lives it touches.
Well my emotional mess has been let out
He was cute until he talked.
Ahah 
I'm buying my ticket to the doctorke concert in about .7 seconds don't back out on me
Its not too late to pick up some last minute fiesta goodies for cincodemayo!
Hahahah I hear ya.
But regardless, the dudes got serious talent.
It might come back on, you never know.
When tour hits Chicago, it needs to play the Broadway Playhouse.
Just putting that out there now,
My motto was always to keep swinging.
Tomorrow will be great
math is hard.
Thanks for that question  we are working on new ideas for the Coke Dealer.
Have you seen Blood Tribute?
Random Follower Appreciation post!
Thank you ALL for following!!
SO many others just like Cait  I are in NEBRASKA!
So that's amazing!!!
3
This concludes euchre njght with and Courtney from nottwitter.
Good times.
I'm your and that's it, Whatever.
I should not have been gone for so long, I'm your's and that's it, forever.
bored ass hell
FH expanding in SoCal; DM me for info; various positions
my B, I never saw you..
Lol loves it!
Happy Friday ladies!
RT Hardest working women in the world!
Thank you RT :: : Last track meet of the season.
Good luck :
Everything seems to be falling into place I think ?
Happy Birthday!
Gm tweeps alute!
Claim your doctoram and it shall be granted.
Austin dangling from the magnetic scrapyard crane: Help!
Help!
From the first of the Austin Chronicles.
'Austin'.
Webpage not available.
I went through Network Diagnosticsno dice.
Says it can't help me.
Perhaps he's a brewer?
thats great girl:
wait...there is food there?
Never seem to get past the wine Cc
I only made 65 tonight so it balanced it out.
Only thing I hate about not having a set wage.
All Of My Heart  Sleeping With Sirens nowplaying you still have all of my heart....
The small divided independant pieces at least //3
True I could see that.
Im Not going thru no management to do no music wit a rapper...Fuck wit Me directly...if You grown enough to speak for ya self
yeah sorry!
Does Paul McCartney really have to perform every year?
He's like the Randy Newman of the
how've you been Dee?
oh yeah
walk the folks dog around there all the time on the back way up to Toe Jam!
Great little Island
thanks for the heads up!
I am glad you are following me, good man!
Hey have you heard my bands new music?!
umni don't know why i sent me that
Though then the cast of another will never come to our shadow again.
From the great outdoors to just saeting at home every day and nite.
i got you sum traks dont charge me now lol...hit me up
SomeoneIWantToMeet my future husband.
ahem...
Decided I won't be going to in DC next month, after all.
Hope to hear about all the great programs I'll be missing.
I SORRY.
I have to tell you something you're gunna lose your shit
Great time at the Central Library last night with amazing other YA authors!
Next YA author event is April 26go!
Sat between Pure Prairie Leaguers on way to
Should be fine.
Be sure to mention u got the  from Malik's cousin, RobSki.
At the
This is a day of reflection and to thank for searching Salute to everyone involved in this captainre.
keep it real
Go Ravens!
i jus stole ur picture g: its on fb
; vocal lessons.
RT : NM ABQ Last day to sign up for Business Writing for Administrative professorssionals...
Happy 26th Birthday little lamb!
lol I hope you have the most fabulous birthday and many more to come!
I  you so much!
D
guilty, as charged!
Happy Friday.
RT : It's mostly needed for smartphone users...!
Get your TEBOW Tshirts today!
www.tebowtees.com
cut a ticket give a way promo from a folder full of misc.
audio files last night, came out good to!
Love the new photo!
giggles wildly....
Stops, remembers, then giggles again.
I bet it is announced at WWDC when that happens in june or july.
Healthy debate between Sen.
Kehoe and Assm Nathan Fletcher.
cabudget Crowd is mostly pro redevelopment so kudos to Kehoe for enduring.
thank you man...
I'm sad I'm missing it, but then again, not sad at all
RT : Creativity should be an Actors best friend for it allows us to solve problems, and most importantly...have fun :
Your brand is also the sum of all interactions your customers and prospects have with your company from front to back!
First night of passover, when we have a long dinner to recall the ancient story about leaving Egypt for
Very funny lol.
I hope Jerry is too.
I am cautiously optimistic The Boys have TOO many problems for 1 doctorft to fix.
88 2011
hey buddy heard on dino you were great
Amazing.
RT : It's now confirmed: more than 60,000 tickets have been sold for tomorrow's game.
Merci à tous les supporters.
I typo'ed taste; no loop around the sideway interpretation second meaning there, don't waste good analytical time
A doctorp in the ocean, a change in the weather, i was praying that you and me might end up together 3
everything about it.
Stunning.
hey I hope you have a great day at work
RT : POTUS jokes he's thinking about running GOP debates as advertisements, without commentary; here you go.
no, it's not.
In his defense I did really fuck up.
But I did all I could to make it up, and he won't let it go.
We're looking for a few more waterloving people to try out our new waterproof iPod nano.
Who's interested!?
hey, it's about time you get on
That awkward moment when you realize you were talking to yourself.
Cultural Anthropology online course  Twitter, Tumbr  Facebook .
.
ProcrastinationAtItsFinest .
he meows
The Female audience continues to have a higher video completion rate at 74 versus 67 for Males.
Thanks for the love!
HAPPYMOTHERSDAY to all my mommies , new mommies an daddies who have to be moms too I salute you mwah !
That's a bit of a stretch, Ralph.
They were 28th in D rankings last yr.
I do see them improving, though.
Hi mariana!
Thanks for following.
THe main event office number is 5617121113.
Why's that?
Haha
Trying not to freak out about the indefinite Sherman Minton Bridge closure.
Guaranteed commute chaos.
Ha ha ha!
Thanks for the larf and I hope you're having a great weekend!
This always involves giving up ceegars, taking up jogging, and doctornking diet colas.
Let's go then!
:D
fun doing what?
Tipping cows or making out with your cousins?
even though your mad at me I love you!
In management class.
Looking forward to guest speaker.
Obligatory standards, City of New Orleans and Chattanooga ChooChoo
Jesus doesn't care about football, remember?
And there are definitely NO mustaches in my happy place.
People need to grow up and start acting there age life is to short to just throw it all away god gave you life for a reason...
Business, you know, may bring money, but friendship hardly ever does.
Jane Austen
: Do you really think if someone...?
Bored and wanted to inquire about random sports rumors.
Too lazy to check StumpTown.
Where's in all this?
Did u hear Mcdonald killed Burger king in front of popeyes over that bitch wendy.
The funeral is at Churchs.
You going?
Im takin the subway.
U so full of shyt.
I been home.
Dnt front for ur
I'm definitely meant to be a history major.
lego's seem to be the top as of now LOL
I miss the Old austin days but I'm happy for the new ones too!
Seattle bound and tons to do.
Wow.
Just got a City Proclamation from in honor of our listeners' support for !
Thanks, from the kids!

People are strange when you're a stranger 
Realizing that life would be so much better without him.
I hear if you wait 42 minutes for the 42 bus the meaning of the universe is revealed
What is Cloud Computing  how can it help BusinessTips  Trickswww.businesspundit.com/cloudcomputingforsmallbusinessestipstricks/
Happy for Joel Skotte, a linebacker from Bend, Oregon.
He's a tough guy and I'm glad he signed with Oregon St.
LMAO : I feel sorry for whoever I end up marrying.
hey how are you doing?
Twitter.
The place you go to complain when no one really cares.
All I want is to go to a ranger game.
Up since 4a due to hotel thinking I asked for a personal wakeup call.
Getting punchy.
Just wait til the reception opens ...
RT : Q2 Do metaphors always help, or can they hinder, understanding?
Excited already for services this Sunday !!!
Are you staying for the Welcome Party tonight?
Join mine and ill join yours www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
haha.
If I get bored I always have Jacob to keep me company !
Lol he'd come see me..
Monday, Monday.....
We'll be announcing our Foursquare mayor  winner of a 1GB flash doctorve, shortly after 8AM tomorrow, December 9.
Make that last checkin!
LOL, why are they just now telling us this?
the only water hitting my patio is from the rain blowing in sideways.
It is nuts out here.
I'm a bit thirsty; I think I'll go rustle up a big glass of Frog Juice.
Idk what busta rhymes was saying ....
But I love the song
Mets Game
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 38
Basically she wants nothing to do with me...
Just spent 6 hours in the library finishing up this competition project.
keep making their fans proud.
Great win.
: By the way, I love your new photo!
Really gorgeous!
Hey!
Thanks!
I'm still loving yours too!
So fun colorful!

Looking forward to welcoming to doctor Paul Smith, professorof Cultural Studies for a keynote lecture Commie!
RT : Oh god this chick on projectrunway cries like every time she's on camera lol wtf
8 Lynn students, inc.
Mike, headed for Dominican via helicopter.
Being met with food and clothes.
Then will take private plane to S.
FL.
you keep the sunshine, save me the rain...
I don't wanna be lonely no more...
do you know when or if you and Jonah are gonna get together?
A man's gotta have priorities
What a game!
Go Wings...
my cuties are NOT for kids...
Well , I'd like to say good luck in the printer biz.
But if my ESP7 is any indicator, you've already failed.
Clones are people two.
Designers/Developers: I have an invitation.
If you'd like it, get in touch.
I LOVE YOUU please
Fantastic!
I'm deciding whether to wait six months for the US edition to come out or just to buy the UK one now.
:
I want to be serious but he dont so there for I'll keep my goods to myself.
Its not like I havent gone without it before
dont go then :
Real men cry, besides girls love seeing a boy cry they can't help but confronting you;
Not really, I was just wondering if you were going to have the audio files for the entire show or not.
Haha : love it!
Nerve pills are worth their weight in gold.
This week's been great, 800 hot meals, 1000s of sammies, 500 toiletry items, 90 showers, 40 loads of laundoctor for the homeless!
Today is so busy for no reason...
sollyfeni StanCollymore hope you get reported you poor excuse for a liverpool fan Whats happened?
Livepool fans used 2 b 1 of best about.
Ty for including us in your paper.li
Strolling round UCLA north campus before a tv talk  affirming my appreciation of sculpture gardens.
We let doctorvers see so they can learn from mistakes, but don't worry, most of our riders are 5stars!
:
I need an investor for my restaurant...
think I saw ninja and got excited lol
Balance is different for everyone.
There is no perfect tool.
My friend is selling a real COACH AND LOUIE bag at her garage sale 70th St and wethersfield ...cheap
I loved the new episode of BTR3 I'm so excited about this season!
Glad to see its back 
exactly !!
You can't go wrong with dubstep!!
That's good
I knew that was another name for toilet I just didn't know it was in German
If any whore was really intellectual.she would be pimping out her brain and not her pussy..
Its so hot in my house!
Its worse than outside smh
I done came down, hold up, grip the grain, roll up and your girlfriend want a nigga like me cause I ain't trying to control her.
miss the Great Karnack!
Hey, hey, hey I'm on here with you other Tweet folk how's everyone's day??
Sure, where's the DoubleFollow button?
I wish it was socially acceptable for me to show people the texts going betwen and me right now.
Nope.
It's the improved you.
RT : Holy shit someone created a parody account of me?
too bad i'm out of itunes money
mix of almonds and doctored cranberries!
crunch  sweet
My friend just got encaged.
Thanks 4 the mention!
thanks Mike!!
Moral indignation: jealousy with a halo.
H.
G.
Wells
you're awesome!!!
Damn is so beautiful!!:
so help me, if you EVER implement native OS X Lion Fullscreen menacing glare
Don't we all have a secret?
going to see the bf soon 3
RT : If happiness were the national currency, what kind of work would make you rich?
Good question!
What u quote is the media mantra,  there are plenty of errors.
I'm not saying he'll win, but Paul's going to surprise ya.
This is it
What are moms really suppose 2 do
The girl at Victoria Secret said i could be a bra model!
Yellow diamonds in my ear, call em lemonheads.
MA Tip of the Day If you are planning to sell your business in 2 years, now is the time to start preparing  positioning for the sale...
If you're in the NYC area on Sunday, May 15th, come out to our launch event at Red Bull Arena.
Thanks everyone for liking our page.
We really appreciate it!
Naw not yet.
2weeks.
You back?
CONGRATS!
Cap day is a happy day!
Feeling very Wizard of Ozish.
She wants me cause i got you
getting ready for Praise The Lord
The fallout, if there is any, should be interesting.
As an ABC news producer, I couldn't even make donations.
STILES AND JACKSON
Can't even do nothing with my only friends ..
Thanks for the heads up.
Looking good.
Any ideas on how we should celebrate internally?
Balloons from the ceiling, fireworks, marching band  what do you think?
My mom was yelling at me because I have a thigh gap.she says im getting anarexic
Lol thanks.
I'm glad you missed me.
Go patriots!!
If we celebrate our life, we celebrate our purpose, and if we cant celebrate our purpose, then we know we should find one and LIVE for it.
great!
Very excited you'll be here.
Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly
hey remember that cool T shirt you had on..
the shredded one..
did you make it or buy it ?
It was awesome seeing him play last night.
Palmer beat Coronado like 71
oops!
it was there..
hmm.
let me try again.
thanks for visiting us!
You're welcome!
See you in June!
RT: Thank you!
We are very excited to be a finalist for the Showroom of the Year!
Then she use to be loud so the person i was on the phone with could hear , smh
i do that everyday mane .
Late start plus break ones tomorrow, my schedule is better then yours.
I cant wait to watch Battleships w my girls this weekend  omg.
RT : BREAKING: Texas Gov.
Rick Perry says he will run for President if he has finished destroying Texas by 2012.
Both.
The charm of the act is their interplay.
Got the prefer doctornk from the perfect person for my sad day.
I have been trying to deal with the lost of Marco Simoncelli.
I just can't ....
The difference lies not in the world, but in the filters through which we perceive it.
Erick opens the door to understanding cubans movements and rhythms and challenges you to the next level to find your own expression.
: Masturbating clears the sinuses.
Lmfao that's awesome
and I need to deliver some cupcakes tonight...
Who wants in?
; .....
?
Remember, liberals.
The Bible says that all homosexual behavior is wrong, with the exception of 2 hot women kissing.
I'd buy that for a dollar.
what for?
thats a big advantage for Sconnie.
; calm your tits bro.
...
lazy.
And Kyu.
She was like, OMG ..
His hair...
It is nice.
He needs to keep it like that...
and not dye it.
There's a trap I'm trying to avoid right now while working with emberjs: using it like
I bet there's a roomba app, to at least cover the vaccuuming!
:
good girl, now say go lions
still tearing it up in Mexico, btw
I'm the KING OF THE WORLD!!!
oh Kimberly...you're here too!
Now you know how opponents feel after you SWAT them  Rupp and the crowd goes Nuts!
When a real man fights, the real man walks away, the other man is air lifted to the ER
If there was a way to guarantee that tomorrow would be a Great Day for Hockey in Pittsburgh, I would do it.
what a wonderful christmas!!
feeling so thankful...
Taurus the country MB will take you to: Italy
u see how the fans felt about OJ yesterday.
Lol.
He's gone
hey you in Chicago?
I'm there Thursdaynext Tuesday!
Mostly work trip but would love to meet up.
Just enjoyed some awfully tasty General Tso's spicy chicken from the neighborhood China City restaurant.
still remember when Big Ben sat out week 17 in Buffalo back in 2004.
I went to the game.
Maddox got benched for Brian St Pierre
Reading your book tonight.
Brain still whirling from today's talk.
AMAZING!
Garden world  beware!
The moment you feel like giving up is the moment you need to push the hardest.
what u send me?
and tweet about.
Im MINDLESS and i followed u can u please follow back???
We love all the guys in and your music!
Yeah got laid off along with 500 other teachers in Cleveland.
Awesome, I'd like to have them on the show
Oh my goodness!
Thank YOU for being you!
hehe.
RT : Overheard: Dude, it's ok you can totally have red meat and be okit's the green meat...
Congrats!!!
Great Job, keep up the hard work you'll be Champ till you wanna vacate that belt !
You guys let's try to go ONE day without using the word motherfucker, ok?
Let's do it for Mom.
Everything dies and/or ends.
Deadmau5 is Canadian?
Where the fuck did that Come from, eh!
Twitter is adding right to left languages to their translation center this spring beginning with Arabic, Farsi and Hebrew.
My mother is being UNTOLERABLE.
Lexie said mom I farted, does it smell?
Lmao yuck!
Kids..
Smh 
Great!
Thanks for stopping by!
YESIIIRRRR RT : LOL DID U GET THE EXIT SEAT??
Now the Mavs 9998 loss to Thunder seems less worse than the Grizzlies on the short end of 9998...
Related note: Fouls better start being called on Craft and Sullinger.
Seems like they're being given MANY breaks.
4 days to go!
Talkbiznow.com launches V2  The Online Workplace for the Business professorssional will be running a live survey of opinion.
It wasn't the 1st book I ever read, but it was the 1st one I ever borrowed from the library on my own  I remember it exactly RIP Maurice.
The doctornk txts I'm receiving tn are priceless
Happy birthday So happy to be celebrating it with you an ld
You'll find us chasing the sun!!!!!
With  for like the 23836th weekend in a row.
People are fucking stupid!
do you know where critical mass is by?
GAAAMMMMEEE TIME!!
O'Connor vs Reagan!!
Northside at 5:30pm!!
Come support !!
so far it's been true in this series.
MORNING HAVE A LOVELY DAY!
I'm always thinking of you!
I know right!
It's not that fun like before.
Is your semester over?
Glad you made it over.
It was a special moment for the both of us.
He loves UK basketball as much as I do.
Keep in touch.
Getting rdy for wrk!
U r supposed to b gettn rdy for school/wrk as well!?
EVERYBODY'S WHO'S SICK: feel better.
HillaryClinton You inspire me.
Just watched 's Justplanecrazy  I'm still excited about the job!
Let's keep it normal out there, ppl...
It's amazing that they are living inside us and we might just think we are overweight or always hungry but it's a parasite!
Excited for Shotgun Entrepreneurship Bootcamp tonight.
Who else is going?
cc
is coming to Janesville, WI.
Come out to Riverside Park on Sat May 12th at 10 AM to participate in our free Fistball Clinic!
RT I am honored to be among the fantastic women nominated for the ATHENA Young professorssional Award.
How do you know if the food at local restaurants is safe?
Watch a special Sargent Solutions on 19News Nightcast.
Get autographs while you still can  on PBR cans preferably.
I'm worried
If at all possible grab your tickets today!
You already know it's going down!
Suffer Little Childoctorn of a Lesser God
I've bought from both and they are equally excellent.
I have not bought MMs's small doctorms though.
Sitting in a coffee shop in Austin, TX, on the penalty kill until my wife's best friend's wedding festivities begin.
I honestly don't even care anymore...
If I fail, I fail.
I seriously an 80 right now.
;alfkjasdfkj
They're equating hardcore coding with basic web editing.
My vote, no on former, yes on latter.
you're irrational.
sorry bout that stretched anus.
you're right.
Last winter was one I wish to forget.
This winter has been mild, but I'm still eyeing up my sleeveless shirts.
Jerk that smoke.wagon and see what happens!
I said throw down boy!
I think the only two are you and actually haha.
no one ever told me to stay in school, but i stayed in school anyway.
!
you do not fail at blogging!
Heading back to Nashville l today...
Can't wait to see and the kids
Next up: Monthly utility fees for oxygen.
Today come in for a special Happy Hour For the American Heart Association from 57 enjoy great doctornk specials and Live music..
hang in there!
The beach is in your near future!
thank you and Helen for the great customer service.
I want to eat with Luly.
Why are we named Okanjo?
Hint: Japanese.
High fives, 10 points and three gold stars to the Tweet with the correct answer!
Don't forget TODAY is Administrative professorssionals Day!
I'm deleting my tumblr today.
Fuck that shit.
Nothing is worth that much discomfort.
I loved every minute of it!
I can't believe how big he's getting..
Listing to girls in construction saying size matters.....
Welcome to the universe!
It's not the same without you!
Welcome to Twitter; Thinking of how to be read, And who to follow
No matter nation of origin, that's red herring.
Just distractions from evil/hate.
See also Acts: ONE Race, many nations
is there anything so satisfying, for an academic, as having someone quote back to you the ideas you published?
I've read SWAN SONG.
Loved it.
Don't know if I'd say more than THE STAND, but definitely on par at least.
good luck!
Hope you do good!
How old we're you when you did fighting first
Haha I was hoping to gloat about it to that I was better than him xD
yup I had some much food stacked I it was ridiculous haha
Seski love Oregon hospitality and feathered friend
Would like to forward info to educator friends in DC not on twitter  is there a way they can contact u off twitter, please?
Congratulations Melanie!
She won our raffle, massages for two at Lucky Chinese Foot Massage.
One of our favs!
so much fun, Robin!
Loved catching up with you.
Hope you had an easier time getting home.
you should check out Kohl's.
I hear they have some fab style satchels.
lolwut
Rondo ejected!!!
You cant bump a ref....
How do it know?
Happy hump day!
Hope you do lots of humping around!
I told my mom to send me to Colombia for 2 months so I can forget everything.I hope she takes this into consideration!
Someone just purchased massive amounts of legos and a few coach purses and it so was not me  Credit Card Fraud is way uncool!!!
happy new year3
We love you, Rick!
Thank you for the kind words.
Ever sing while waiting for a conference call to start?
I do, but keep the phone on mute.
thanks for following me, kisses.
: D
haha wellplayed
Happy Birthday Cheryl!!
I really miss my violin 
no you didn't.
: Because you're too scared to fight me.
:o
I LOVE YOU!
I would give anything for you to follow me!
:
Q2 Speaker has to be engaging  focus on different types of/departments in libraries.
Happy belated Birthday!
Tweet me
hello sexi how are u doin
will do.
I'll come up that way when we break.
Hockey Question: Do coaches really get mad at players for fighting?
Or is it a show?
Jr Smith is clumsy as shit
Follow me, fool!
And then get some shut eye for that AP test.
Finals begin Monday.
Hope the men are taking advantage of reading days...
High Five to you!!...celebrate national high five day.
This game is hard to watch
I'll be down...
Catlanta just sounds right
Think like a man...with all this promo it better be a damn good movie.
I could play in the WNBA if I had a vagina
this analyst sounds like he's on strong medication.
If not, maybe he should be.
Yes, I meant Aleks.
So, is that like a time share for the bunch of you?
: Do you make him read his books to you?
still hittin the city
Let's go knicks
Newsies and Phantom and ONCE.
Oh my!
Successfully lost one friend and relost another tonight.
I never do anything right.
the old guy that wants to bone just walked into my plato class..........
Back to getting classroom set up.
Classroom is starting to take shape.
Trying out this TweetDeck thing...
Judy Wajcman: when thinking about gender  technology, we need to be both critical  open to its possibilities for transformation
Manager not manger, manager not manger, manager not manger.....
Love what you guys do!
Keep up the good work!
Follow back?
i wanna kill comercials..
unless im in them XD
very back like 250ish
Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors.
African Proverb
Jimmy Eat World's First Album.
Phenomenal.
What the Hell Happened?
moviechatters Are you a Action movies buff?
Or are Adventure movie buff?
hello i will be away for a while so my cousin mirette will stay on with you she is 12 years shes funny and nice and beautifull
I'll use Courtney for the time being and we'll see if it works.
Ha!
lol RT : Grats to founders for sticking it to for 1 Billion the day after they received a 500M Valuation
I don't fall asleep, I pass out.
Lol idk they still gotta talk about the date on the wedding
i love you to
Really enjoyed the Glenn Miller music at Yale last night.
Wonder where else in the NH area I might hear big band music.
Any ideas?
Dick Clark at the age of 82 but ABC has just announced that he will STILL be appearing on New Year's Eve.
Thanks for the RTs!
better start
worst when u have company over smh
Football all day and Brewers playoffs and my ass gotta work...
ok and I am I swear lol
Summer is almost here Follow for Atlantic City's latest!
Law school?
Meet a UM Carey Law's Admissions Officer today from 2pm4pm at Stetson University's Hollis Center, Rinker Field House
If we changed our name would you still love us?
TGIF!!
Hope everyone has a good weekend!
I Go Tuu School With Your Little Brotherr.
Band Class And Everything.
My Sis Luvss Yhuu!
:
No cheese?
RT Bacon eggs n grits....
We're tweeting live today with from the ediscovery CLE w/Judges Facciola, Grimm, and Peck in Charlotte NC ediscovery BM
I love hiphop as an art!
There's people out there talking shit cuz I make hiphop cuz I love making music!!
That's one of my hobbies!!
I'm hilarious and I have good music on my phone, why don't I have a boyfriend.
Happy birthday to the best friend a girl can ask for,
Hung out at the Angorium with for awhile.
Yes, I believe that a video of the Kay talk will be available online soon.
Getting going in the new year.
Looking towards big things.
New songs, new videos, new venues, let us know what you would like to see from us
There are some people I know I should never ask 'how are you'?
They are never happy or feeling well!!
So I ask 'what's going on'?
This Bloomberg Markets article about Koch Industries portrays a company that repeatedly demonstrates contempt for the law.
Surprised?Best...
RIP Whitney!!!!!
At the warf shopping for some fresh fresh fish for the Proud One tonight!!!!
Ladies get ready!
Dj spinning whitney all ...
Any thesiswp folks know if you can filter body classes based on the site layout selected in Thesis design options?
my cheessteak poll is currently tied.
Who will be the tie breaker?
Union Reinvestment Design Committee Meeting tonight at 6:00 in In Wisconsin East to discuss the Budget
is so badass, he takes a plane for shows!
Martin Brodeur has been a NJDevil as long as I've been watching hockey.
Wrapping up the swim season in the next two weeks, I want a break!
Kill me now
Panel TODAY : Arizona v.
US: What will the SupremeCourt do?
David Martin, Kerry Abrams, John Harrison  11:30 in WB128
this hurricane thing is getting serious.
oh eric, next time I see you I'm going to purposely forget my filter!!
A lovely and stylish followfriday to:
but should start the doctornking
follow my writing page for the clippers Cory let's go clippers!!!
A man paints with his brains and not with his hands.
Michelangelo 
Update on Cam please....And do you need help?
Think Different.
Hal, quick clarification: I missed adding the 'RT' in that last tweet...
is the creator of , not me :
FridayReads The Odditorium, Melissa Pritchard, .
Sofa king good.
EVERYONE MUST READ IT.
I want to underline sentences in it.
: My main goal is to differentiate what it is I need and what it is I'm simply scared to lose.
This hit me where my soul is.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BOO ENJOY UR DAY BOO!!
See you at the Waitress in 15/20 min, ?
Well they're just out for our divas this year.
RIP Donna Summer.
Nw..Jennifer's Body.
Not enough talls, not tall enough talls.
: : ALERT: THE JCREW IN TOWSON HAS A MEN'S SECTION AGAIN happydays
How come you are not going for it?
I wish Bombshell was real I would see it a million times !
Guilty RT : My only hope is that all of the people who think they know how a restaurant should be run will own one in hell.
Girl/the acoustic set is getting talked about the most.
And the fact that the guys are phenomenal musicians.
I never lie...
i just dont always find it necessary to tell the truth!
Lol at the Wendy Williams show staring big bully NeNe
Happening Now!
2011 Muskies, catch online webinar on interviewing for summer
A quarter that has a dinosaur on it and glows in the dark?
Canada officially has the coolest money in the world.
So stoked to release the new demo today
What!
MT  : Denver Post is correct.
Peyton Manning is en route to Denver to visit the Broncos.
Just bought a new mic stand, cable, picks, and speaker.
Just heard one of our producers found her family's new puppy through one of my UGC segments that air on V cool!
V cute pup!
Whenever someone tells me I doctorss like a grandpa I secretly hope they choke on the Werther's Original I just gave them.
is missing her dog...but staying warm in the sun!!!!
RT : Can't beat this: FREE daytime admission on Saturday!
Hey guy, this elevator isn't big enough for your racing bike.
HP, I am so irritated at you right now.
Suddenly without a recognized scanner is not how I wanted to end my evening.
First, ask yourself the question how is this better than hadoop?
that's how izzy is me and her can sleep for days!
Does he cry alot at night?
Why can't I find my air card??
Alaska Air Group Reports April Operational Results  Sacramento Bee
am I Catholic?
Okay Mitt Romney, I see you.
You'd never get my vote, but I see you!
: That's good!
Benefits of Stretching  Better Fitness Daily Its early and Im feeling a bit sore and tight.
Its always good to stretch some...
lol already.
How is the FAM doing?
And damn your kid is getting BIG
Eh gonna be back on my no Twitter shit tomorrow...
time to focus on myself
Don't worry Seattle, bartab is alive and well!
happy humpday!!
at the aiport and enthralled with dery girl by shauna cross.
how come this was not an anyone's favorite list in 2007?
ilove it D
Haven't seen this much orange since Queensday Amsterdam!
A lot more fighting and hairpulling too!
contemplating my feedbag instead of my belly button.
Hack to fix a hack?
Pairs well with 's Black Tuesday and a little ingenuity.
And luck.
Two fish tacos with chips and salsa for 8.49 today!!
Excellent Cod!!
ListOfTurnOns; White Boys, Blue Eyes  a Smile to die for :
badconversationstarters So, when's the baby due?
completely understandable.
May add you to fb later.
:
I was sick ;p haha
obama is doctorving past my house in an hour which means I'm completely trapped in and can't get out to go to the gym .
So annoting!
S/o to for cheering me up randomly ': You're amazing!
; But what's funny is : Technically , I am texting you , because I use my texting on my phone to tweet .
so yeah .
Lol .
Funny  I needed this this morning in class.
Looking at broken pediments in Neoclass home, wondering where it started!
Today is National Random Acts of Kindness Day!
Put 2 quarters in the meter for someone ......What's your random act of kindness?
television of saints
Loving the cute springtime outfits around campus!
Who knew NEU had such good fashion sense, guys included
Starbucks oatmeal and a caramel frapp.
My mother is a saint.
The good news: I'm 1018 away from 50K.
The bad news: I'm out of writing candy.
Thanks!
I read your blog a bit, I like it!
I want to get that yoplait granola yogurt now.
:
Why do I always end up never putting the actual date and time of meetings whenever I send mass texts to my court.
I'm a stupid butt.
Victorian Halls show tonight at with , , , and 7pm!!
Headed to Houston  looking forward to reading from PERLA tonight at Blue Willow Bookshop, 14532 Memorial doctorve, Houston, 7 pm
Congrats to the ladies lions of for their win today in the TN Final Four.
glad to see them hard fouls in the nba again.
reminds me of the late 80s and early 90s nba.
Just back from Sedona, AZ.
Getting up at 6:00am to hike is the best.
The colors are something else.
21CRadio tweet chat is tonight at 6PST!
will be giving away some tix!
My mom said my baby gone be crazy like me...naw just an gangsta that is al.
your welcome your apart of the Team!
we all know that combined score was a guestimation
karen where you building a position on sitting on the side?
RT: Happy birthday to philosopher Pierre Teilhard de Chardin!
me too!
That's the ones I'm going to get.
I put an aftermarket pipe on my bike.
And I'm not sorry.
hey please follow me back.
muchlove hahaha LOL :D
senses its time for heroes
I'm sorry !
LOL U TOOK THE LAST ONES
tomorrow proves everything ive ever said.
thanks for being super loud, jerkface thunderstorm.
I need new clothes, let's go!!
wow!
Deep.
The Economist's new World Figures APP is just great fun for anyone who likes trivia or playing Geography.
Welldesigned.
Traci's client Leigh called to say she loved her haircut!
That's right Traci is a bad a
I'd like to see every girl come to school without makeup on.
Let's see who's pretty then.
Thanks for the RTs last night!
Understood, but reading in bed can help some people fall asleep.
Hi!
uploaded 2 pics for the JB birthday video :
I just hit my first 1,000 followers on twitter.
I'm throwing a party, AND YOU'RE ALL INVITED!
So what events are you attending for RoseFestival?
Use your TaxiMagic app and we'll be glad to get you there!
Why hassle with parking?
On this day in 1864 the CSA government ordered that 1/2 of the freight capacity of all ships had to be reserved for government shipments.
Is chip kelly really going to tampa bay??
Tickets go on sale Thursday.
3 day passes are like 250.
I kinda wanna go but the line up isn't worth that much to me lol
so wat type of music do u listen to??
love it!
No, with Dave Matthews.
OMG a Spam Subway sandwich sounds awesome!
Ono!
Get 30 off your purchase at Vitamin World!
Hurry in before it's too late, pick up your coupon at the concierge desk today.
Tell me about it.She is funny too.
I told her she'd make a killing.
Throwing blocks on tweeters like some MMA shit.
Don't DM me unless you're serious
thank you!
:
Is there anyone else who would like to be added to my newsletter email list?
so you know who's cool and doctorpping' science next week!
FF to our great staff writers and
Yes, the southwest pilot made offensive comments.
But nobody would have heard about it if the media hadn't rebroadcast them.
Full version of Wolfenstein 3D video game currently free in Apple's App Store
we're going to check with the Guiness Book of World Records!!Seriously...we have plenty of pink for people to wear...
: May i see u in boxing gloves?
purchase the gloves and you see me in them.
RT if u like fish hooks follow me I'll follow u back plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Best Tee shirt idea ever...
The front will say I'm Single and the back will say..
Ask me about the sex
Im done with my dad.
This har got to stop.
The yelling, the crying, i just want to have some fun instead me working bt his shop the whole...
fun!!
But you know you hav e to have someone who is 21 to go with you tho
good movie.
It wasn't the best but still good.
Don't be like that!
Ill let her know 3 :
FUCK FUCKING YES, HE MISSED THE TURN SO I GO HOME FIRST TODAY
My Pleasure, Happy St Pat Day!!
We just got a great 3 1/2 star review for our latest cd, Falling Together Falling Apart, in the December issue of Downbeat Magazine!
Happy about my single go crazy thanks to all my supporters and friends
This Thanksgiving we are thankful for a new cofounder , our wonderful advisors , and
Lakers Bout To Blow Out The Hornets..
That is so awesome!
Spent all day Saturday at foodie fab Taste of Atlanta  holy free Robert Mondavi vino tasting.
Hallelujah, pommes frites in truffle parm.
You go boy  who are the 8
Come see Artomatic in Frederick  it's fantastic!
planning a long night of projects to get caught up before next Friday.
Beliebers got your back justin !!!
I was.
Meetings for a research grant and other intellectual goodness.
Now in Houston and hopefully DC by bedtime.
So tired.
yes he is but it doesn't have to do with his tweeting.
Writer's tip: Your work space should be just as comfortable as your sleep space.
There no need to suffer for your art unnecessarily.
YEP.
Lol.
I was feeling that.
I accomplished it, regardless if you admit it or not..
is it summer yet?
where do u live?
Check out my brand new video please !!!
Tell me what you think!!!
PLEASE!
www.youtube.com Karissa Lynn
ok.
I am ugly thats what you are tring to tell me rigth.
Jajaja estripeo
I'm already there
well charge your phone...
and call me.
Overtime again.
Five games in a row.
Don't worry there is always room for more!
RT : looks like you forgot to go to 's always tomorrow.
And the sun shines again!
lunch burrito
appreciate the support!...
Stay up pimp!
Happy 23rd birthday to my oldest brother !!
Love you Lu!
Yay snow!
Wait, never mind, I have to shovel now.
Holy moly, that was a lot of networking.
Met lots of great people, lost my voice.
Thanks, DC web people!
Break a leg!
Book that ish yo!!
Thank you so much for your donation today.
We really appreciate it.
singing why why why????
Don't Marry J give it up!
HER TIME HAS PASSED!
Imagine Alex: Could you please stop talking about for just a little bit?
Austin: I could.....but I wont.
; Alex: Gosh..
: That's why it's so vital for directors to communicate empathically with their actors.
You just don't know until you know.
yes goo!
xx
I had a blast from the past this afternoon: an orange with actual seeds!
MUSIC TRIVIA!!!!!!!!!
Michael Jackson or Madonna!!
PICK ONE!
??
cant wait for the voice to come on tonight, i am so anxious
Don't you mean Amazingly stupid?
MT : WI peeps: get thee to the polls.
Work to do, but we're getting it done.
Show them money can't buy our state.
: talk about awesome football...steelers fans were torn...2 VERY BIG rivals...who'da root for??
5 glasses of champers  1 vodka.
May be doctornk.
Time for the night to start.
ry and I just finished day two!
HA!
RT Social Networking sites today are 50 holiday well wishes and 50 getting angry at people who spell paddy wrong.
Best wishes on new projects!
I love being retired to do what I wish; retirement  will catch up w.
me in a few years.
Of course you should get another beer.
Great interface and nice layout for social analytics Worth checking out
Lol ik :  Anything new or exciting happen or coming up?
It's not healthy to assume
Thanks!
There's plenty more to come!
Everyone have a Happy Veteran's Day tomorrow!
We salute all the brave men and women who have served and continue to serve our nation!
Freshman's this year  
friend would i ever lie??
Just curious, do you live in Brazil or the US?
What a great ministry.
Are you connected to a specific denomination in Br.?
i feel bad that i cant follow everyone back :
Thanks for the FF!
Have a creative week!
What was the topic?
Happy Thanksgiving!
At work tonight, out of all the same old christmas music, I hear come on!
MADE MY DAY.
I love my job even more now.
lol cause you had the best teacher!
Just got to Dallas for COLT11 Community Outreach Leadership Training with Pancreatic Cancer Action Network!
Midweek hustle, make it count!
Going down to south park, gonna have myself a time.
The brigade is officially open.
Welcome new members.
Moving to LA for an Entertainment Career?
Tweetchat with Bring your Qs!
wow, that is schweeeeeeet.
I want.
So glad you did.
Maybe I will now, too.
Awww!
Congrats austin!
I wish i could go!
idk lol i just woke up hahaha and am watching amanda palmer live
There's an amazing amount of people at the beach this morning for it being 50F.
You don't choose your family.
They are God's gift to you, as you are to them.
Desmond Tutu
Absent mom dinner of frozen pizza  mac n cheese prepared.
Now to dinner with Don, Jeanne,  .
I must kids, it's work.
Laying in bed now
Bill Callahan randomly doctorps some Baby's Got Back lyrics at the end of Smog's Real Live doctorss.
Most depressing song that ever made me laugh.
Meting tomorrow in Jersey City.
Will Jersey City be the new home for my tattoo shop, Street Ink....???
Stay tuned.
You are a man of my own heart.
RT : Yo click on live radio on www.yadahdaking.com to hear the interview in a HOTT second!!!!
Lol you are really dirty smdh
if you actively love someone every day of the year, shouldn't you get today off?
congrats on your investment  Hopefully we all will be seeing RED soon!!!
I'm not about 2 sit here and be lectured by u now.
:D remember ?
ily :
We'll say its crimson, right?
: Awww!
Too cute!
I'll forgive you for the red...lol
Problem solving by generations: Gen X reads instruction manual; Boomer tinkers around to find fix; Gen Y Googles it.
How only my best friend calls me lyss  
Thanks for following back!
Cool we share the same name :
binders are due probably because they were due today for our class
All I know the other kid that's fighting mayweather better bring me a show I Dnt want to watch a fight for only to be K.O in the first round
Same here and YW.
;p RT : Happy Monday Morning Wishes and RT Thanks to
I also made a DeviantArt account.
Oh boy.
I've been busy!
what is the dance to?
Check me out in this week's OK magazine with Kim Kardashian's wedding details on the cover :
I try to be nice to everyone I meet
: Endless Buffalo Wings and Cheeseburger Sliders 5:00 to close!!And you are playing kball ?
Me: Mom...
dad..
I decided to live on my own from now on.
Them: Ok, cool.
Me: Your shit is outside.
Re: Classic Photography is not Dead.
When did wedding photography become classical photography?
Not dead but moribund.
Let go
mine steaming.
Hey are there any new songs from backpackparty coming out soon?
:
I hope so!
Definitely wouldn't mind playing the White Rabbit and stuffing my face with queso.
thanks bro!
Its greatly appreciated 
rulesoftwitter if you say in your bio you'll follow back...
follow through
lmao....
Oh u bogus
Thank you for the Monday morning read, always a pleasure.
Me As A Nerd 
Thanks for stopping by!
Happy training!
great CollabDNA convo today, Kim.
Can't thank u enough ..
but I'll keep trying :
you both need to come to my house like very soon, before break cause I wont be home!
listening to old dance songs and thinking i would literally give anything for a couple hours in the dance studio
They were there.
I spent a lot of time on them.
NowWatching Harry Potter :
Get it girl!
;
going to crawl in a hole.
who should play Rebekah Brooks in the movie?
Tilda Swinton?
cheers
thx!
RT: news nets often pay for cars service, meals, hotels, hair, makeup.
a 3 app isn't a stretch.
Eagled a short par 4 today at Meadowbrook.
doctorve on, doctorined a 30 footer.
That and I've been productive work wise.
the URL was terminated
Antique shop?
UES waiting for my lobstah roll to go.
Got my root beer, saltvinegar, and whoopie pie.
Working from 128
Well I don't know that well I've seen her a couple times but that's about it but I do retweet the shit out of her.
Happy birthday!
yeah baby how did u know
: The proper way to peel a banana is not from the stem, but from the opposite end.
and I have always done this
Likewise!
Thanks
tough because the cultural distinctions.
Often, they'll agree and say they understand, but really...
not so much
I was lost for so long, brainwashed, and held down.
Feels good to be free and I'm never going back again.
just trying to make things happen and not let things happen to me,lol
Im going to get a beat machine bruh!
When Pandora doesn't work, i want to kill someone
Stop choosing favorites
I'm a student You blogged about my Beer Pong Table after Angelsn'Entrepreneurs.
Permission 2 crosslink on my blog?
sorry greeny...
Gotta go with Golic.
R.I.P.
Junior Seau..
: RT : Oh nothing, just receiving emails from my mother about grammar.
Apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
is throwing a gent like party at rt now....
yikes!
perhaps you should get a new one,  give this one the...
Talking abt customer loyalty  why that starts with a great customer experience
ATTN all nonprofessorts!
WOM House would like to support your cause by posting your L.B.I.
events for FREE!
Call or Email us today!
Jummy??!
You crack me up!!
I must check this place out!
You think they deliver to the hood of CI?!
:p
Today sucked.
I hate my school and i'm not too fond of the 2faced girls that go there either.
homeschoollifehereicome bleehhday :
France home to the next Islamo Fascist regime
I can't believe its almost here.
Chuck Norris is Luke Skywalkers' real father.
The misspelling of cologne as colon is the funniest thing that ever happens on the Internet.
Oh you.
Thanks, Zo!
Its 2:04 In The Morning And I Cant Sleep !
Do not badmouth yourself or your product in a demo.
If you are a bad presenter or your product sucks, it will show.
LOL
Mine was funnier :P
Fac.
Dev.
Session Implementation cycle  assessment plan, instruments for course design, faculty, student, tech
''Is he your poster boy for everybody you like?
Larry the Cable Guy?''
Thanks for the RT !
i choose my own damn destiny!!!!!
bitch u can't make decisions for me....only i can so move the fuck outta my way
Time to turn on the creative machine and turn off the social media distractions.
Have a great day!
Pens v rangers at 7.
2 miller lite bottles during game
its so cliche to hate nickelback
BRCC hosts Southern University of Shreveport Saturday at 2 for women's and 4 for men!!
Everybody in Baton Rouge needs to be there!!
how?
all becouse i made a twitter so i could follow my husband...
lmfao.
o lawd.
:3
You're thinking of
Wow!!
That was a badass game!
I've got birds in my ear and a devil on my shoulder.
For us, the best Christmas movie of all, Diehard of course, but ID4 is still a pretty incredible guilty pleasure...
a second season, Yes!!!
Handout cites Russell et al article in Scienceit's specific to STEM fields
He makes like halfcourt shots
I can't even handle that photo.
:
I'm at Stanford for day two of the Innovation Journalism conference.
Portuguese plague remedy, 1711: spirits of wine, mint, St.
John's wort, rue, walnut water, all distilled into liquor.
I'd try it.
I don't even know how to delete tweets and I'm already spammed all day long lol.
Can I ask u a favor please?
thanks for following and hello from SoCal.
When are you moving to Florida?
Get Big Go Hard or Go Home
When you getting back to the US brother?
Hau'oli La Aloha!
Spread the Aloha Spirit!
Finally got my electric back!!
When you have to choose between the truth and the legend, print the legend.
Tony Wilson  Factory Records
Well then not doing any more work bring it on ap bio
We should do that sometime!
Even if over skype!
Running outside in Dallas weather  bad idea.
congrats!
I'm already preparing for her quinceañera.
Just heard one direction on the radio!
Omgomg im crying :'
Hail really?
Wow!
haha yeah it can be!
i'll talk to you another time :
Hahaha I can't wait to see this
This is great!
RT : The best time to relax is when you don't have time for it.
// Amen!
I just wanna be your forever man, roll a Peter Pan, light it up and let's hit neverland
With screening of Raising Oliver, an documentary
RT :Big game tomorrow!!!
Gotta rest up a bounce back!!!!!!
Phil doesn't budge.
Meadowlands elementary student says FLES is ammaaazzzingg...my goal is to learn another language...I learn so many new things...
Awesome, both inside and out!!
So much great Magnetic Fields banter.
They didn't play the 2nd verse of a new song to save the surprise for when we listen at home.
Don't let anybody fool you  It is hard to balance being a Father and a Pastor!
ah you are now watching your copy of The Hills Have Thighs aren't you?
Think like a MAN?!?
You better think like a WOMAN!
Same to you but more of it!
TESTIMONIAL: Just wanted to say I couldn't be happier with Fit2Go!
You guys rock, I recommended my sister and tell everyone about you...
you could come to NYC and celebrate with me!
My imagination always runs free at night.
:3 I love that!
Then I have amazing doctorams.
c:
And so what if I like you?
I don't think there's a problem with it.
I don't think I've ever seen a performance by that didn't give me chills.
To live well we must have something of a scientific skill, a philosophical insight, and a spiritual conviction.
Manly P.
Hall
Determining where to go for trivia night based on where the best cheese curds are.
I swear when tha Heat lose Bron Bron runs a combine speed to tha locker room...
health news
So I either have a severely sprained ankle or a broken ankle.
Fun stuff.
While you all are on spring break somewhere I am in GWood picking up dog poop in my backyard.
no prob.
BBN gotta stick together.
Always forgive your enemies.
Nothing annoys them so much.
Bout to max dis chicken
You never know!
;
RT Derek has extensive experience with epoxy  polyaspartic coatings.
acrylics  urethanes.
UV cured and concrete overlays.
congrats , well deserved and more to comes, go get the ring now
YOU BETTA PUT SOME WATER ON DAT DAMN SHIT!!!
Friday, that part never gets old to me
RT : Shots need to start following.
On the plus side I got the MTSU guys behind me pulling for
i could not agree more on this swxengage.
often the rush to join multichannels blinds objectives, goals, strategy  integration
that's so wrong lol
Hi Grandma I Like 2 Say Happy Birthday N I Love U So Much We Will Meet Again K Love U
If she was on a maroon Schwinn wearing ridiculously tall heels, it was probably me.
I am currently in a rather foul mood to say the least.
Speaking of which, how is it that I don't know more dogs named Barksdale?
is there any more room for me in those jeans girl?
It's been a rough few days but the prayers and support I am getting from my family is Amazing!
Thanks  I don't rouch splenda or nutrasweet either.
Was thinking for my kids  autism  GREAT product otherwise!
absolutely!
Excited to see great things coming your way!
:
it's leaking into your tweets too, I see.
the phrase step on it before you cut it only applies to beats.
Hahah.
was my ex saying that shit again?
God damn her.
Hello Tweeters.
Who has the most interesting tweets?
I'm not a spammer or a robot just someone wanting to grow his account.
follow me
SO excited to talk to Ruth from ecomm boutique champers starting at 40?
yes, please.
Tonight's Preds game seemed more like a Titans game.
False hope.
Woot!
Woot!
UK parents, counselors  teachers just set a sales record for Turnaround this week!
Thanks for spreading the news about us!
This game has such big ramifications off the court for those 2 programs  great story lines on the court.
Enjoy the Final 4.
FF Follow the ridiculously ridiculous
kiss him in the rain3
And real friends will actually answer that one.
We are excited about the new release in less than a week.
FUN FUN FUN music!!
My students teach ME as much as I teach them sometimes!
Constant living/learning!
yeah someone warned me but I didn't believe it but god damn!!!!
Play like you're the best.
Practice like you're in second place.
I will.
I wanted to see Green Lantern but the guy that plays him looks like a goofball, don't think I could take it seriously.
I 3 making money.
Our breath is a direct reflection of our state of mind.
I wish my neighbors would send their kids to boarding school somewhere VERY VERY VERY far away!
What is James Harden feeding that beard mane..I bet he got sum vicious hairbumps
NP: Britney Spears  Baby One More Time
most def hahaha.
What a sad era when it is easier to smash an atom than a prejudice.
Albert Einstein
English dept.
movie out for Hunger Games?!?!
Tell the one you Love that you Love them before someone else will .
The gear no longer has the go back to old version option for me :
OH: I looked at it with horrified fascination.
When was the last time HE was on basic cable?
Lol : in fact, i imagine no one was more upset to see feat.
ceelo than gipp.
Why do our toes make us giggle inside, when we look down and wiggle them?
I don't think there is anyone in this world who won't agree w/this
Can't wait dood!
May 3rd!
I'm supposed to be working on my English papers for Ms.Noda, but i'm on Twitter  Tumblr so....
thank you
I want to move to Fondy after hearing about their vision for 1:1 technology and learning...
IDOLA Follow Me please
: McDonald's is poison to your stomachtasty poison
Dodging the issue may be politically expedient but I find it unimpressive in the extreme.
And I'm not even sure it's expedient.
i thought it was Rex!!!!!!
never doubted you for a second
RT Congrats to alum winning WPT Main Event Title and 1.4 million
Welcome back!
Good for them.
Maybe if they weren't just concerned with money, they'd be able to win another one.
TODAY!
11 am1 pm Campus Martius.
Good food!
Eat it!
also, john axford's gonna be there  i hope the film stops w/ 10 mins left  he comes in to finish telling the story in stunning fashion.
Terror of Mechagodzilla.
and here is a six one: be in love with a native spanish speaker...
COOKIN BREAKFAST FOR LUNCH TOMORROW.
CAN'T WAIT!
HAHA
Ah Nathan gave me two blissful days off.
Thank you Best Boss Ever
Shout out to my girl for making the Huffington Post's 7 Sites You Should Be Wasting Time On Right Now
Omg congested but I'm mad u didn't invite me lol I still fam right
: These hoes out here thinking STD stands for Suck that dick!!
Oh I dare.
GIN4LYFE.
Also, Bourbon trumps scotch.
Omg all the nurses are in loovee with me 
Today is the first day of the rest of my life.
So thankful.
:
Some people need to stfu and go sit down and have a coke and a smile
Listening to Not Just You By One Of My Favorite Songs And I Know Ala the lyrics and i heard it yesterday luv it
oh yes, it was busy after dark!!
hope you had a good 4th!
Boy, if the Celtics could turn back time in this game...they would go back to 2008 when they weren't old  could hit a three point shot.
The Smile.jpg/Smile.dog story was the worst scary story i've ever read.
Do NOT waste your time reading it.
: LA tonight.
The Mint.
Come on down,do a bunch of gack, pitch your screenplay ,be seen,,rock the fuck out
If you are not going to follow me I will unfollow.
Simple as that.
you mean snap, mate.
Nice.
o how i do WishIWereAsGoodAsYou  maybe one day maybe one day
Hell yeah family ..That's how us Thugs Do it...,
Not ready for SATtest in the morning..
Freaking out..
fb prayer please?
follow me please?
Huge fan since 2010 from NY, love you 3
ive been trying to convince my parents to let me get a husky for a year now...
what up pretty woman...bin a minute....congrats on the project...follow me
When u work out, if you have long hair, you tie it up right???
I was at the gym  so many grls had their hair down, mine would get so tangld
so did magic too bro
sound good to me!!
Buy your Mar 2527 Baltimore Salsa Fest full passes for only 110 on 3/11  Salsa Block Party.
Details www.baltimoresalsablog.com
you're a monster.
I know:
I love your abundant yogi videos on youtube.
Thanks for the amazing info!
I hope to work with you one day very soon.
Namaste.
i've benn made 10 accounts and vote for u :D
I want macrolevel change but only see microlevel opportunities.
But I have to do something Cant watch tv  wait
An outdoor rollar skating venue in NYC w/music, food  beer?
Awesome!
TheHighLine Rink  Lot.
W.
30th at 10th Ave.
Come out  chill at the after party with me , Juicy  MeekMill after he shut it down at the doctorke concert  have a good time on May 22nd !
Sleep is for the weak ..
and those without caffeine.
I request the list of things that 'make humanity worse'.
War?
Genocide?
Puppy mills?
Wearing leather?
Sunny and in the 50's for Saturday...Looks like nachos loaded with jalapenos,onions,salsa,  ?
We will be  Clackamas High School till 7PM
lol thanks its ben a while
life is so crazy you got to sit back and enjoy the good shit.
We don't see eye to eye on this one.
I can't stand Apple.
electroservices thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I'm so happy to finally be smiling and laughing, after the past 5 roughest days of my life
We are to it should be a Very Fun Night!!
May 20 we hope everyone gets there tickets!
We will be selling some at the door!
Bravo inspections, and weigh ins :/
Damn, we should have...We doctorpped the ball...Sorry
In line for The Avengers round 2.
RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy Dick Clark in his dead form.
you're so funny!!
already packing for Florida!!
toosoon?
The Ribhut was off the hook last night!
I ate so many Ribs they could of build an addition with all the rib bones.
I woke up with my bib on!
yo how is that contest going
RT : You own everything that happened to you.
If people wanted you to write warmly about them, they should've behaved better.
Sad news for Beastie Boys fans.
RIP MCA.
:'
Since when does our nation let 1 religion dictate who we are, what we should think, and what we are allowed to do with our bodies?
REALLY?
You walk away.
I walk away
babe im sorry.
please forgive me.
haha
Malesky has one of my doctoram jobs.
Love librarians!
hey can u plz follow me I WILL FOLLOW BACK I just need more followers cause twitter wont let me follow anyone til i got mor
I am always scandalous and unwholesome.
I most certainly did ;
oh chumbawamba!
We actually listened to most of 'tubthumper' the other day
We will start on the development of the Brio!
Autograph Alto!
Can't wait!
Then Saturday will be her clinic at Woodwind Brasswind!
Wow, what a statistic!
Rule 4: know the costs.
got his ass crossed ova today at the gym by me and blamed it on his jump man shoes.
BurritoInBed ...
nice!
RT : Been home with a terrible toothache all day, but is bringing me a burrito!
YAY!!
: what time
People with many interests live, not only longest, but happiest.
George Matthew Allen
i was going to send you an email about the concords but you probably got bombarded with emails hahah so i didnt bother lol
At cassell with skylar and megan....go to hang with megan again...haven't hung out with her sense November
Hey, I think I know this guy!
Hehe.
OMG!
Yall They Changed My Due Date To Nov.5,2011!
If I Dont Go Into Labor By Then I Will Be Enduced On Monday !
bahaha i guess twitter sees all
The Industry Is Punks
hangin out with :
Three words for the new Star Trek movie: It was awesome!
Tweeting helped out with the loss, can't wait to see you guys in New Orleans next year.
meant YOTTO for now.
yu need to fly yo ass to New York!
There is a startling lack of shirts in that pic!
: If godfather is reason 3, can't wait to see the top 2!
Been too long, crew, pumped for tomorrow!
Oh..
Having no clue what is, I thought it was somewhere else I could get liquored up  watch baseball
: Wow ok u even bundled up in Sactown..haha!
Yes!
It's freezing here!
Well...freezing for us!
Lol
hellz yea!!!
Slamming doctornks at the pool!!!
how do you
indeed, its could certainly be worse...
:
Ready for every day to be pool day  maybe should start the beach countdown!
For my next animated infographic I'm going to experiment with the same coloring techniques as the show Chowder from Cartoon Network
Same people I would do anything for.
Just erase the Karen, and add Brandon.
ERRATA Correction on previous tweet today's senate finance committee testimony was for SB884 not
I want to show all the great things going on with incredible customer service, and yet the scary, with privacy concerns and big brother
Warrior Sports Manufactures Lacrosse Gear Domestically
Force is allconquering, but its victories are shortlived.
WE ARE BACKK!
Also used to listen to another young professorcomplain about teaching but had sympathy b/c he taught in DC  Baltimore.
Getting ready for some outdoor work, yippee!
:
why you in PA?
hooray!
I'll be sure to grab a bottle of wine on my way home.
You know, to celebrate ;
Browsing the Mystic Outdoor Art Festival this morning  I am looking into applying for a booth for next year!
So another game in just 12 hours.
Guess who's going?
Me!
umm no ima need u to fall back 10 steps thats mine:
The PHOG knows no bounds.
RT : Ready for the mmtcforum re: looming spectrum crunch  why communities of color should care
you cant be grown making childish decisions...
Tierra Lee lol
I got one of those from also..
: Just to be clear.
I did NOT hear something bad about you.
hackerstink!
THANK YOU!!!
Sending Miss off to Spain the right way.
UGH .
only 4 more weeks of school:
Devon Harris could have gone to jail for that in California.
Lucky he's in Oregon.
Had a catchup talk with my bf and then a FaceTime catchup with my bfgf .
Simply said,
Going to hit the glow in the dark golf ball
Do you have eRacer?
Headed to vegas in 3 weeks!
First time ever!
Call Me Maybe?
;
Happy anniversary man!
Been a lifelong fan of the pack, and it's so awesome my wife and I celebrate 1 year tomm.
Get a RT?
Rent a car and visit the Hoover Dam.
The Redskins just brought 3 new wide receivers...
Its shopping season for Daniel Snyder.
Black Card swipe, swipe...
RT : any knicks fans on the TL?
follow our radio show  they're knicks fans too lol!
great show as well!
Why is every effing onramp closed to get on 94W from downtown?
OMG!
I own the exact same tshirt!
Got it for 9.99 at Urban Outfitters!
nice, hows school going?
If you don't think farting is funny, fuck you.
I didn't know the lucky one is now a movie!
And Zac efrons in it?
IM GORILLA GLUING THIS STUFF!
He's gonna learn to love him.
THank you, Richard!
You rock :D
Us too!
Cheers from Smith
Whoa...that looked a lil like a horsecollar there, Pacer boy.
Thank goodness for  he is asking all of the followup questions I am asking in my head.
lol yea she tried to take my phone frm me
If my cat had a voice she would sound that Sally Fields.
Actually had a good night, with and everybody else!
RT :vHollywood??!!
For real??
: Thanks  It is being looked at!
All they need to do is read the book!
work is great, and loving the logo
I'll tell you mom and dad 0o
Wow i havent been on here in a while lol
oh i see how it is anywhos this friday i better see ya
Celebrating my 30th birthday in style.
Wishes for the next year: healthy, happiness, prosperity, and lottsa love in my life.
OH when 8yo daughter started homework tonight: let the magic begin!
At church Sunday school now but I'm expecting a move of the Lord on today
Hey : Lookin for some punk rock.
Tatted cool individuals.
Men woman for a jean shoot tomorrow.
Any takers?
Trying to figure out the difference between pain and discomfort.
Have you made your Valentine's Day plans yet?
Book our Exhale Spa package to include a Spa Pedicure  Yoga Class for your special someone!
q1.
you've recently worked for employers without functioning webmail!?!
q2.
webmail is preferable to actual mail protocols: when?
Winning is about heart, not just legs.
It's got to be in the right place.
Lance Armstrong
Can you PLEASE follow me???
It would mean ALOT :
I seriously need to catch up on Gossip Girl, I've already missed so much.
Thank you so much, Ann!!
Have a great day too!
:
Casey Gwinn Back?
When did that happen?
Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
Going to the May 25th game at Target Field, because who doesn't love fireworks?
Debating whether or not to read IT but then again I don't wanna read a book with all of my fears put in 1.
Love some of 50 Cent's work but mentioning HBK in a lyric isn't news.
Maybe NEWZ but not news.
yall look alike
Tweeting mode...
Monster with this keypad..boi!
lol
Thanks!
We think the metallic designs will be very popular.
We are planning many chrome  gold designs coming soon!
no tears in those beautiful eyes, please.
I love you tons, and I won't be happy until you are, too.
Good seein y'all at
Congrats to our partners at  great follow for anyone who loves Milwaukee sports!
Okay, I'm done quoting random song lyrics lmfao
my weather app says its going to rain
It is said that if you let something go and it returns, it was always yours to begin with
I don't want my opinions to do that.
That's the moral issue.
My opinions shouldn't affect you and yours shouldn't affect me.
I need to sleep but those last 3 files to grade are doing everything but scream at me.
I am so tired.
its nice to be single but its not good when your x is wanting to know why your hanging out with other boys !!!
How's the Merchant's Holiday Open House going?
For the last time this is not a GShock
Damn, my cab doctorver is pretty hot!
Wow!
I eas laughing so hard at everything
SB45 Biz Lesson  19: Build Networks that promote your team.
Thanks for the reminder!
What the heck was LeBron doing with his tongue?
Don't forget that Monday is Kid's Night at Smashing Tomato!
from 68 we have crafts and games for the kids and Kid's Meals are only 1.99!
Shit bout to get real tomorrow at school.
Ollie's is like Steak N Shake for gays dc
Elmo finally met his longlost brother: Emo.
my favorite 1 so far The Instagram app sucks on Andoctorid.
It looks like an Ios app
In my Kevin Hart voice.
Keep fucking up....
YOU GONNA LEARN TODAY!!!!!!
Not going to floss my teeth tonight.
we would love to join you in your radio/tv show!
We also have several amazing comedians that we can feature!
is debating over LP or EP
Ugh I better get a raise soon then.
Haha.
Well when are you coming down here?
Let's do a weekend of looking soon!
Jewelry Haul Premier Designs  premier designs jewelry
That moment when you're so close to hitting the minimum for your paper, but still have TONS to write.
I want a sandwich of nutella...
RT : RT : Just arrived at Pearl presser and they are serving barbecue // Too funny!
She said she wants YOLO tatted on her.....so im done
Very true :/ RT : It's sad when the people who gave you the best memories, become a memory.
yea, we got to fix that lol
Get inspired by a yummy cupcake today from 34p.m.
You deserve a little treat!
Their main articles haven't been as good as they used to be.
I think they may have gotten too big and that has led to a decline in quality.
Libraries should be designed for interactive, experiential, social engagement w/students
Just saw another car right in front of me hit another car!!
Ran a red light and broadsided them!
Wowzerz
RT Just confirmed my tix for tribute to Ray Charles on 3/25.
So excited.
I love the Arts in my city!
I've seen these Lexus Christmas commercials countless times and I remain stunned at just how tonedeaf and obnoxious they are.
Hahaha Ryan Gray just got a closeup on Raw Supershow.
He's front row folks.
Getting to roll heading towards Portland.
Passed some sleeping, only heard 1 bike on the road.
C if I can make up time
lol ima learn how to be a player like you bol You my new teacher
I like the DEEP cuts!
Our kids dont know sometimes that us parents act like we don't care but sit in our rooms crying for them.
OWIF: Randyl won't step on the pier b/c it was made with public money.
We threw him onto the rocks  now he's all cut up.
Were having a Party!!
A Twitter Party introducing the contributors of doctor Mommy  Friends..join us NOW!
doctorommyFriends
my iPhone app, just like last year, was too glitchy.
Soon lovey.
Miss you!
We must talk soon!
oh ok good....
Wait, I'm sure you pick it.
what do you have mind mister

bone that is in an odd spot, so they cant fix it  I have to rest for at least the next 10 days otherwise an infection could 
nah mister Romo stayed in texas
Time for a day time job and then editing tonight, looking forward getting few sessions done.
I need more hours to be in a day!!!
Beautiful people in the room.
Good morning everyone!
I'm twenty now but somehow I don't feel any older...
I thought that was meredith Papa G.
2 minutes later...
Hey I didn't know Meredith was here!
brennas brother.
s/o thx now followin u
what hotel are you staying at?
Spent time catching up on TUFLive last night.
Great storytelling.
Improved presentation and pace over the debut episode.
Sex  Chris Brown ;
I wouldn't have cared if you werent being so arrogant about yourself.
Lol.
Love you!
tx: Have a great day!!
When people say i have an attitude problem..
maybe I have a personality u can't handle.
K.O.D
If u wanna marry mb RT this all for the mb fans
Sounds very cool !
Seating in the back of the class where there is a plug to charge ur phone is the best thing about school xD
mister.
Pacman, The greatest prostitute in history.
For 25 cents, she would swallowed balls until she died.
Dear airport security, My body is a weapon.
What now?
Sincerely, Chuck Norris.
!
Its dying fast :
I love Fizzy Family 3 follow me please??
13
RT Director of Public Relations for Regence Healthcare, Joseph Hill: We are resigning from
Omg why did I retweeted that ?!.
fml I'm not 2 inches on hard...
Lmfao I hate my phone so much
: Treasure the love you receive above all.
It will survive long after your gold and good health have vanished.
Og Mandino
Thank god I'm not at school today.
I really enjoy posts.Always inspiring others to be the best leader they can be.You are a true leader!
Wow this wk is flying by!
Changes taking longer than expected  stay tuned fellow tweeters :
Martini Kitchen...930
No problem Andy!
I'm good.
Been busy w/ family stuff lately but I'm back to work today : How've you been?
ThingsThatYouShouldKnow The world is so azz backwards
No and no.
Welcome  Thanks to all followers.
Go DU!
First day of summer and its 60 degrees outside....
Omg I missed my twitter so much
MARISSA THINKS SHE'S SLICK
He's Talking Wreckless!
You know you're really an academic when u have 2 arm wrestle yourself NOT 2 work on a beautiful Sat nite,even tho u have tenure.
Why did Beyonce say to the left, to the left ?
Because women have no rights.
life is a blessing
always got the inside track?
Oomf Messaged Me Last Night.
dm your number
Rehab the Photo Shoot will take place on May 26 in BEVERLY HILLS  on VENICE BEACH 
Watching bait car!
good evening ppl .
Thanks mister Stafford.
WhatILoveMost Having more swag than everyone
updated my website.
seannolteedwards.com
I think that's fine and poss.
understandable.
Would help your appeal to clarify.
I dismissed when I got the email months ago.
I enjoyed urbanreset.
Thanks and everyone for a great event.
Now going offline for sushi.
Dear Addictions, Why Am I So Addicted To You?
You Make Me Crave You For More.
I Cant Go On Without You.
When I Taste You Im Happy.
Idk Why?
and I are meatballs : 
Final score: 5H85s 108, Rottenchesters 60!
Thanks go out to all the fans, refs, NSOs and volunteers for your support!
I agree!
They are disgusting  very ghetto!
Youre not being negative just brutally honest.
Its awesome
when under attack RT :Ann Romney: Women were being referred to as spec interest grp  I thought, really, only DC could do that.
enjoy your night.
professorund insight.
Murder charge brought in Trayvon Martin case
Hey!
Its woof weds so come by to check out the new Walkewoo collars, leashes  harnesses
is on the radio
You're my everything.
If you're looking to hire a contemporary jazz group I'm local  in Gilbert
Neon Trees Everybody Talks
RT : With American Airlines stock at 20 cents, I can't decide between paying for two checked bags or buying half the company.
girls taking pictures in their bikinis lol attentionwhores slut mh
Sagues: 4 out of 10 students do last minute test prep on their smart phones
I wish my male friends keep all their bitches in check if I'm not talkin to you MIND YA MUTHAFUCKIN BUSINESS BITCH!!!!
The crappy part of being the rhythm section on you own recordings...

My favorite is online media.
Good night people so exosted night love I Hope I wake up tomorrow with at least 30 or40 followers please shutouts
RT : Machine guns mixes with roses outside Oslo Court House.
Illustrates post22/7 mantrashow love, but never naïvety.
yea they did it before too, I was like my mom just payed the bill lol.
They took it off Idk why that always happens.
If your talking bad behind my back your in a good position to kick my ass.
Thank you so much.
It's good to be informed...I truly appreciate it!
just LinkedIn my contact info to you
that moment you're so PISSED huugee tearss jus fall from your eyess and it feels like someone PUNCHED you in your throat hard as they can!
can't wait to watch and my indiana hoosiers defeat michiganstate today!
GO BIG RED!
andypoll: Is Amazon a threat to libraries?
If so, how so?
If not, why not?
Answer  RT please
heck, cold
It's funny how soft Chris Bosh is
hahaha.
I was the same way!
And now, I'm obsessed with Boo...
and may even have a Boo calendar in the office.
;
Really?
RT The greatest to be released tomorrow thanks for the memories Peyton!
when the competition is good I don't mind letting them know
Just doctorpped 10k on a great home in Mayer; check out the vid: www.youtube.com/results150to299
I would like to help at you NYC event.
Please contact me.
I also want to talk to you about how my partners and I can do an event.
Saying you're becoming just like your mom to your girlfriend only works as a compliment on Mother's Day.
Well, thanks  appreciate it!
If it's downtown Cleveland, how will you be able to tell?
damn that sux.
Sorry 
they are paying him 27 mil to be on the field, not be a coach, so if he's trying to get better, I understand.
I'm really excited for you and your AI journey.
All the best.
You deserve it!
someoen tweeted Bout a signing at old orchard mall foskglfnajdjkxkgms
I admit it...
I have a soft spot for The TTs...
hey i love you alot
Don't read history, make it.
Just saw highlights for end of Celtics game.
Love it.
Garnet sets moving/illegal screens roughly 87 of possessions.
Bout time it's called
we miss you more!!!!
Bitches Will Hate.
Why Dont You Go Hand Out Condoms Or Something.
Today's BTU inspiration: What I am looking for is not out there, it is in me.
Helen Keller
Imagine during Madonna's performance Broderick comes out in a Honda and you start hearing that great guitar riff.
So glad to hear it!
Thanks for visiting us!
Doing good.
How are you doing?
nigel will message you in a lil while, he said he misses you /3
I like what I'm hearing about how NXT/FCW is being handled.
flordia friday?
heck yeah!
I wish I was athletic .
just because there are rumors out there that I manscape doesn't mean I'm less hetero, or does it?
DeeTa we Look SO good together today!
UWsocial efforts only started in '09, has since grown exponentially!
Shows power of persistence and compelling content!
...and I thought I was running late, wake up at 8:20 am, walk into my 9:30 class with 15 min to spare!
Ninja.
Thanks for taking the time to read my book.
Hope all is well with you!
r, John
did you throw it down on the floor when you were finished and demand another?
: thank you, thank you!
3
is it weird if I wanna watch?
Good morning LA.
Paul and Anthony at the Jukebox tomorrow night around 930.
just one RT if u are a belieber !
Cc shirt Busted Common Man!
Lol
jajaja soy la bebe de Justin :P
im with my friends now, so I'll tell you when I'm home and you can tell me:
People have been fooling themselves into thinking money equals happiness for thousands of years.
What are your favorite apps for the Iphone?
oh my goodness i cant wait!!
i luv watching them guys on Tv!
dig deep!
Strange feeling that Justin Bieber is running headlong into a massive personal crisis.
ThingsUNeed2KnowAboutIslam is it teaches us not to judge cuz only Allah can judge
I hate females with dirty finger nails
itsfunnyhow I beat you at your own game.
deleted it ha
SleeplessCrew except I nap on occasion 0:
Thanks for the shout out's.
Very much appreciated.
super nes bro.
And trivial pursuit...a real thinking mans game
yay : i love you austin 3 forever and always.
League of Legends is a go :
That's mean ;
Anyone know of any other athletes giving away Super Bowl tickets?
I am prepared to beg and remove whatever dignity I have left.
Get with the times mom, I was texting my grandma this morning!
haha ;
Lmao..
Thts the funniest shit ever lolRT My mom love Brian Mcknight i wonder if i should let her here is new song
Our new contest this week in the office is Guess My Playlist.
Which songs would NOT make your playlist?
you're in muncie?!?
30mins I will be on stage with Bridget Barkan Lounge 215 Houston ave.
I'm hiding from because I have neglected our love affair and don't want to face the reality that he might have moved on
Watching the boxing match between Cotto  Mayweather !
...if that last tweet is true....you dont know how excited ill be...
but ill wait for the official confirmation.
Waa, waa, waa!
Alright I got it out.
I'll stop being a baby now.
thanks so, so much for the RT: Have a super weekend!
I always knew Ryan Braun was an asshole.
When you made sure the dogs are fed but forget to feed yourself
let em know sugar...nana on demand with a blunt in my hand...childplease to the man...stay 100 sugar
thanks bro
My spelling is getting worse and worse as I get older.
I blame computers or as Ill say in 2 years I blam campooturs.
it seems to work for Mass.
Man, not eating for me is hard.
Like how the fuck do people not get hungry all the time?
but mad med is SO good!!
Nearly 50 people here tonight  2800 N.
Milwaukee Ave.
in Chicago for Still got time to swing by  meet
Thank you!!
: Had been spitting truth all day!!
loveit
When is that line broken when your parents let you cuss is it like a mutual agreement at the age of like 17?
And the Yankees won...
So proud of that team....
Dem mah bois!!
Haha
I love my fish
give me the link :
Saw Old Mayor Dailey at lunch today.
More importantly, saw and
So ready to get a new car :
High scoring first day  ET in sole possession of first place with an amazing 15 of 16
crosspoint...dedicated to bringing people to Christ and helping individuals scale the side of buildings.
It has a good ring.
is watching Dancing with the stars !!!!!
Go
I agree, perl is more diy versus ruby's prefab approach.
Have you every seen a flatpak home?
google it, perl is like that.
Ouch.
Tough loss, but great effort by the tonight.
: all good pimp!
Gorgeous weather in Del Mar for Mother's Day lunch w/ Mom and baby sis, missing tho
That's cool too.
I don't understand why some people feel their own beliefs are threatened if others have the ability to do something different
If you want to recaptainre your youth, just cut off his allowance.
Al Bernstein
Fast Cars  Faster Women foo !!!
SERIOUS QUESTION: Does anyone know anyone in the porn industry, especially in LA?
This is urgent and important.
Havent been on all week :/ school has taken over :
Aw shuckss, I was trying so hard too
Its hard tryna make it even if you got family already in the music biz
well, if you don't count Nikki Haley.
Give her time...yeah, that's all I got.
there's a saying that gingers don't have souls...can't believe you never heard of that.lol
doctorver in silver Jeep cv7s800 decided to turn the wrong way on one way Lavaca and almost head on into me.
Thank u for my stroke.
literally what the fuckkkk
Oh The Blood!
It Will Never Loose Its Power!
RT : Faith is when you take the 1st step, When you can't see the whole staircase.
Twitter what's poppin?
I haven't really been on here like that in a minute.
The final destination moves are SO much better when dubbed in Japanese...
Hahaha I'm dying right now...
Jon Miller and Joe Morgan are terrible in the booth.
they point out the most obvious shit.
can't wait till game's back on SNY.
I'm warm...I'll hold you.
Go Coyotes, beat the overrated Blackhawks in the playoffs.
it is the welsh word for welsh...:
caitlin is right!!!
She's the master of this!!
oh thats good.
well i hope you find someone to buy them.
: how close are they?
ignore love and get rich.
the most purest love in your life will be expensive.
make sure you can afford her...
what's good girl?!
Been a bit since classhope all is well.
Thanks again for keepin' an eye out for me!
FBSci ambient awareness!!
Surround yourself with successful people and it will wear off on you
My computer decided to restart in the middle of a Target online shopping spree.
Should I be taking this as a sign?
TOUCHDOWN BEARS
Correctly guess the score of tonight's Monday Night Football game between the Kansas City Chiefs and New England Patriots for a free...
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to.
Being lazy and prolly take a nap.
Then it's time to get ready for an evening out!!
haahahaha I know I am!
You're jealouss
agreed.
way too much going on, which is an awesome predicament.
Shoutout to for retweeting my tweet follow them!
Yea Im so far behind on everything and i dont even doctornk 6 nights a week
error de dedo
Sometimes too much stress can kick your butt!
Home sick today.
Mostly just exhausted.
It's so hard for me to slow down.
:
I have a new girlfriend?
The more you hide your feelings, The more they show.
The more you deny your feelings, The more they grow
hi kitten
I'm just crazy,that's me :P
At aj bombers.
Buffalo chicken custom.
Yummy.
Woo Hoo....
You know it am here.
100kshirts read worldvision's post.
Talk abt missing the point.
They r Dumping goods.
pointless Trade  econo empowerment: would b better
Today has been an amazingly unforgettable day.
When you work hard days like to today will happen often
your first one!
quotes The good things take care of themselves.
We want to find all the negatives.
melted over lobster ravioli
Is Alonzo Mourning able to suit up?
I suspect that controlled, internal combustion works better for a car
Life is a matter of SURVIVAL...one must take stock of what they have and do the best with what they have been given...WITH GRATITUDE!
pls follow so I can dm
I'd totally volunteer as tribute
If you won a grammy you don't need a WAMI!

He Say I Stay With The Shit , BUT He Never Try To Fix Shit .
Um, how do you tweet an umlaut?
Let's all cooperate here.

why are there all Jonas Brother songs trending right now
Getting flooded right now in SF.
I'm doctornk and dancing
Rewind2011 was awesome!
Let's review, I got a smartphone and too!
Want to hear more about our event!?
Make sure to listen to the Wild Canyon Games interview on KPAM 860 on Saturday, Feb.
13th at 11am!
brilliant summary by Joe there
Like our Page for a chance to win a 50 Dibbs card...Yes, it's that simple!
Click and Win!
hahaha you ain't a nerd?
I coulda swore you was a nerd.
In honor of Arts  Humanities Month, visit an old teacher and ask her to share a memory about your class.
I'd go with strikes your fancy.
Never been so heated in my life as I was today.
I can't believe that in exactly one year, I'll be preparing to go to HIGH SCHOOL.
But for now, I'll have to survive 8th grade tomorrow.
widows are problematic!
Marketing agency then?
Is there a type of job or company you're targeting?
It's just let's all 'hate nancy' day.
Smh.
Having a craving for BBQ  missing my ATX fam...
Going to school : and see if i going to be in the gt
Is instagram worth downloading?
I just been refusing to download that shit.
62...looking forward to a summer of baseball
Volunteered in the kids classroom yesterday 1st kid, multiplication is fun!
2nd kid, yea, fun like swimming with sharks!
It's Good Friday and that means Good Fish Fry!
Where will you go night for a fish fry?
Friday afternoon traffic!
Ugh.
Band practice went well!
Hopefully even better this Sunday :D
sorry I never saw this!!
We went to a dinner at a banquet hall :
From : Thought of the day  I and the public know what all school childoctorn learn, Those to whom evil is done Do evil in return.......
Made some kind of twistake 2day.
Out of the blue, I've been followed by 4 Spanishlanguage accounts wanting 2 send me daily Bible verses.
Appearance  the hilton 7pm in the penthouse ..countyline rd..jackson,ms
Heading to Seattle for about a week.
Any restaurants I should not miss?
I changed my username.
I was xbeautifulme aka picklesgomez
Whether you prefer your Heidi Montag enhanced or au naturel, there's something for everyone if the Heidi sex tape ever hits the market.
TMZ
Just in case you have not bought your sweetie a vday sweet, we are open until 4!
Jazz Pick of the Day  Artist: Robert Glasper  Title: DoubleBooked  Label: Blue Note  Year: 2009  Favorite Track  No Worries
i dig it...DM me the time and where?
Lmao I like how the guy I work with waited for me to walk away to say some flirty shit.
prepare yourself for a bunch of Avocados
Would you like a sample chapter of Rocket Risks?
I am making a PDF of the Challenges chapter available for free.
Reply or DM for your copy
Last night I watched a movie called Philadelphia starring Denzel and Tom Hanks ...
Who seen it ?!?
we are at shootaround and if you give us tix we'll totally dance crazy with you!
to skinny for me
Meet and Greet tomorrow afternoon in Washington Heights!
Secret in city change: giving people their rightful place, helping people to feel valued, that they matter, and they have a stake in city
DeSales, New Philadelphia regional final has new time, location  ThisWeekNews DeSales, New Philadelphia regional final has new time, loc
what's to correct, you're punk rock and totally true!
I'm a fan of ur music but mostly your in ur face honesty..just sayin' Peace
Nice thighs, Nice waist, and you know I can't forget about your face.
But don't none of that matter...Strip by Chris Brown !
I'm not completely sure, but I think I'm feeling better.
TY you for your support!
RT : Big events ThursFriday.Book signings, parties, design panels galore!
hope it was/is helpful!
NEW LIBRARY hours: TUESDAYS 36 p.m.
all summer.
Meet the librarian!
just stay away from the south loop and most of downtown and u should be ok.
Basically stay by Wrigley.
Lol
Say Yes To The doctorss, this new episode is so emotional!
You get me everytime!!
The time we've been waiting for has finally come upon us, rejoice, Rush fans, for it is 2112.
Man you are harder to get a hold of than president Obama
National Holistic Pet Day is coming up soon...
do you know what it means to have a holistic pet?
Can't believe I bonked heads with ' brother tonight.
It hurt and was quite embarrassing.
Haha.
Yes pls!
The many rabid fans you have here grow restless already.
RT : I have to write my speech soon, don't I?
You must be on spring break.
About to release some new music in the next few weeks
I just saw The Three Stooges!
Funniest movie ever!
that list is not in order.
Watching trueblood I'm getting tired of my cell I need a new one asap!
how about now?
RT : yip, been down all day.
WineWednesday!
What is being poured tonight ?
Naperville for the day then back in time for jazz at lilly's tonight with and the gang.
3 tests were collected in MKE that day, chance they were inadvertantly mislabled?
I do think Braun is innocent of PED use
Good one.
: A4: I would take statistics, as is increasingly important skill to measurepr as data continues to increase
Chill with me for a minute ;
Scrippshealth cardiologist doctorErictopol on The Today Show tomorrow 7:308 talking about former Vice Prez.
Dick Cheney's heart transplant.
So I can be fingerprinted and photographed but can't communicate or record in customs hall.
I don't feel good about this.
OT OT OT
We look forward to seeing you!
RT : I'm going to Dead Sea Scrolls  the Bible!
See you there!
: wanna go to miamii!
: come to south beach
Shaping up to be a long night.
Meeting just called to order.
75 ppl have signed up to addoctorss board, 3 minutes a piece.
women calling men boys is a misdemeanor.
men calling women girls is a felony.
Fear and Loathing In WhoVille
I will don't you worry.
Got to let them rest a bit.
This texas heat is a killer :
SometimesIGetsickof not seeing you the whole day...
RT : The lesson you are meant to learn from letting go of the pain is much greater than whatever caused it.
Defending their intolerance some claim God as no respecter of persons.
they 4get God is neither a disrespecter of persons!
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Mae West
Stop swallowing your words......
makes amazing apparel!
Our favorite tees to print on by far.
We cannot say enough good things about the quality and company.
producer come fuck with the team..ha
today's scones are off the hook!
And the salsa man dances!
Before I speak, I have something important to say  Groucho Marx
What kind of tie does a pig wear ?
Pig's tie !
I'll have to play with it.
Doing dinner Sunday.
Perhaps I'll use it then.
ThrowBackSongs Trey songz can't help but wait.
Who just sang Coal Miner's Daughter?
Blew me away.
: dare to focus...the eraser is more powerful than the pen NSVFSummit
Good stripe for LadyInBlack doing her thing.
And we are off to see Long county.
Thanks for the tweetin' love Cincinnati!!!
FT's look huge now
Good for you, sister.
The 80's had the best music.
get back to bmore.
Need some Willies Song in my life.
Stuck in the San Juan airport.
Why is this happening so much recently when I fly?
lmao ijs do u put shit on a plate n eat it
Im a few fries short of a Happy Meal.
3
Although He Plans to Retire, Detroit Pistons Center Ben Wallace Has Another Year of Productive Basketball Left in His ...
u stay in touch too.
2waystreet lol
I think my Chicks playlist has removed any doubt
Taking out the trash when it's so cold the nuggets in your nose freeze, NOT FUN.
What cold weather chore do you hate?
there is only room for one butthaver in MKE and you have the honor.
What it do ?
Followback
icantgoadaywithout hearing his voice or seeing his face!
follow back :
RETWEET IF YOU LOVE PARTYING
No when Abby goes to see the music producer..I don't want to spoil it haha
everything is hazy...merrrr my head is all woozy
I have access to over 700 properties for sale across the US at deeply discounted prices.
Bought in bulk passing savings on to you!
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.
Gordon B.
Hinckley
Senses Ws Live
really.
How come?
Hit ur boy back with a follow Tom!!
Its Ryno...
that's awesome!
that's awesome, where did u find that?
inmiddleschool all the guys were UGLY
snow leopard: opinions?
i have not read up or paid attention yet.
lol yep.
actual dude.
kind of a big deal.
Training Truth: Workouts are for adaptation, not annihilation.
Stuffed French Toast for breakfast
peach cobbler w/ bacon might b good!
Have a nice night.
The hotel thing sounds like a minivacation just a little way from your apartment.
While I am reading 50 pages in this very hard and very confusing book, I would LOVE to receive about 7383626 very sweet and loving texts :
mags were doctorpped of today.look fantastic!
got Yoko Ono and Michael Franti on the covers.so proud.
We've all worked so hard
lol I have it's okay
MY NAME IS PAT  PAT FORD
show today!
Interview with : Get stoked!
I think every iPhone user had that experience!
I am liking your Milwaukee adventures today.
Go Brewers!
I love that movie.
Time to hose down the little one, making all day long makes for a dirty maker.
Its so good to be in San Diego!!
Any folks from San Diego here?
a mustread The Digital Museum, A Think Guide
hey bitch
archer makes me want to be a freaking douche bag
Why must I always make my life into a stupid quest to make some selfish girl happy?
how is it already 9:30?
idk haha but it's was so funny tho
: Booty shorts  tank kinda day AH NOT THE VISUAL.
My roommate got 4 staples in his head and has a cervical fracture from a weight room accident early tonight.
TY for coming to the Ed Innovators Forum: and all the fall innovators!
Timeout on the floor.
The Aztecs will have the ball but trail the Horned Frogs 8083 with 41 secs left.
Shattered.com and daughter hyperactive me thinks the antibiotics are doing their job
I just want to take a moment to say how gorgeous my lovely wife is looking lately.
Love you
she wants to unplug all the clocks and phones and have a 3 day sex marathon.
she wants to walk wrong for a week bc you guys did it so hard
The sun's gone down and the neon lights are a glow.
Viva Las Vegas!
shut up man
Chin up baby.
About to hit up Runyon for a hike.
Nice bike in your twitter avatar
is that on TV?
I would love to hear more of his generic politician speak.
Bootsy Is Back Baby...AFOA FEST SEPT 3...vip hit me at
I'd be excited about the Crew tying it up, but there's nothing exciting afterwards.
thanks!
: tell your friends please, we love you for it.
OU vs.
Aggies.......I hope the aggies decimate them!
Concert may be rain or shine but if it's not shinin....sorry Justin I'm not bout to get sick
I love you baby!
What a beautiful day!
it was fun.
Just weak doctornks.
Food was decent, too.
i know right!
my parents think since it's summer they can give me any chore lol
It's weird getting introduced to someone with a very limp/cold handshake.
I never remember their name when that happens
Why divide and destroy when it feels much better to praise and worship.
Despite my vegetarianness, I am still excited by Sonic and their endless menu even if I can't eat 96 of it.
IS COOL LOVE
Need you windows scraped and painted?
We do that to save you the pane!
Buzzing my hair after school.
Thanks !
Still working out a publisher but hope to have a limited printtoorder edition available soon...
And I ain't tryna Gash Up, I'm Just Callin It Like I see It...
reminded me of all the times he destroyed us in high school back in the old parkland conference w/ 3s.
Some things never change.
Catch ya on the flip side mother fuckassss
Mention TWITTER to receive your FREE consultation today!
3102097700
yep!
Next saturday
I am so grateful for you both!
Infinite Love and Respect.
I HATE HATE HATE when married men hit on me.
Do NOT attempt to involve me in your disgusting dirt, ahole!
If u don't respect ur wife, I do!
Probably a stupid question but which station do I turn on to view the winning numbers?
LOL
yeah!
That would be awesome 
If GingrichPerry talks are true, Perry would be most interesting VP debater since Admiral James Stockdale
simple solution.
Go to a bar.
Eric!
It was great seeing you last week at Reese's dinner!
:
Correction Part of light out its 2.99 aw
Aww!
I'm afraid not, but I wish you the best of luck!
:
ARE YOU FOLLOWING UFC Ireland ?
Please do.
I'm so incredibly lucky to work with so many amazing, kind, progressive, talented  creative folks everyday!
Man Honors English is alot of work and homework
Thanks for the RT!
:
I don't buy for a second that they don't know who is using what.
Off to vegas for the week!
It's going to be amazing!!
D
Napoleon Bonaparte No man can stand on top because he is put there
Technology/Emerging Media, IP Partner or group sought by a top law firm to head up their practice.
contact:
Mark Reynolds picked a great series to wake up from his offensive slumber.
How does a diabetic forget insulin on a trip?
Still asking...
but I appreciate for having emergency Rx upon landing at BOS.
Made my appoint for monday can't wait
Busy week with graduate students orientations, and meeting new faculty.
ImThatPersonWho Love Movies.
Thank you for sending me a copy of your book I'll waste no time reading it.
Moses Hadas
I officially trust no one.
Thanks to for making it sound great!
RT: Earphones Award : LIFE LESSONS a meaningful and touching listening experience
Six is perfect nmbr for a board.
Find ways to compensate them, doesn't have to be .
Marissa Levin
i need beats for lunch, get at me!
Hey girl!
Thanks so much!
Digital can look quite good, but there's just something about the texture of an image captainred on film.
Man, March FLEW by!
Happy Friday!!!
Sad that Packers released Nick Collins but aren't you happy that we have Ted Thompson to make those tough decisions?
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
Bill Gates
I hate broscience, bro.
I have no idea how I am passing algebra in college
Hate negative talk surrounding Cole Hamels for hitting Bryce Harper.
It's old school baseball.
Why the big deal ?
: yes it is!
See me to claim your prize.
Thanks for coming in to party with us last night.
All the girls had a good time with you.
See you next time.
Just updated two web sites and am now off on Valentine's Day shopping.
Wish I would hear about the second ebook I submitted for publication.
No, not today unfortunately!
I have seen yours before though.
Love Snapped, did you just do the one episode?
Fuck yeah you did!
Is what i would say.
: What do you say when someone texts you that they just had sex to your Bach CD?
We need to stick together ....
Can't sleep.
Gym time?
Calling all collegestudents  learn from someone just like you!
of is looking to speak on your
HAHAHAHAHAHA IM GOING TO BEN N JERRYS TO BUY A PINT OF SCHWEDDY BALLS AHHAHAAHAHAHAHA
Deliberate with caution, but act with decision; and yield with graciousness or oppose with firmness.
Charles Caleb Colton
I don't know any employee names, generally I just call them all hopelessThen they spit in my food and we call it even
cleaning off my desktop...
the physical one  and the electronic one  and the metaphorical one.
it's a dusty mess over here.
Cleveland.
Where once we set rivers on fire, we now plan to blow up bridges.
If your friend was dating a guy and you have a guy at the time no, that bitch out of his way will come out to bring you to his friend.
I need prayer for my college/living situation...
here's a book buying question do you spend more money on books online, or in bookstores?
For me, online ;
As we build trust within orgs we are more efficient Ex: airports pre and post 911
Had one of those days yesterday One must persevere and do the right thing!
Conrad Grayson on Revenge  Mitt Romney?
I think so.
Do you not care...or are you avoiding this?
Love it!
Showing it off in class today
FF I am pretty sure he is a communist, but still very funny.
ill DM you!
Liter Night The Anchor Bar come in for 6 liters..
Also try out our new Pumpkin beers.
I'm Happy !
Make me even happier ?
Follow please 3
Ah had some taco bell ;D but wait I just remember that told me she found sperm in her taco!!!!
now I don't feel so good :'P
Thanks for the retweet!
Happy Earth Day!
So missing Earth Day Birthday celebrations down south.
:
I retweet boring people to make them feel better
Always good to be home :
The happiest people dont necessarily have the best of everything but they make the most of everything.
SAM CAWTHORN
When you want to be XCLUSIVE!!
Haha!
It kind of is!!
Deliiiilaaa RT : Dalila is the most depressing radio show ever produced
300 followers  great birthday gift i guess
rihanna you are the best i am big fan from you
What?!
NO!
Seriously?
I'm screaming in my head.
Full on aneurysm.
Brian Mcknight/Yin Yang Twins?
I would wonder what message the universe is sending me!
Stimulus?
I never saw any money for my small business.
Who do I contact to get that?
Haha!
not at all could have been a guy who admires tht womans legs I've seen plenty of males with girls parts as their avi
Hey buddy, how's China?
Ben Hill Griffin I Snaps Up More Than 4,000 Acres Near Frostproof from Alico
from Cabo San Lucas on Vacation : ill check out your blog too : you know you due for a trip to AZ to come see me sometime
You and me both!!!
I've gotten to the point where I just feel like I expect too much in terms of customer service.
chillin my boy....what's good your way
Is anyone else pumped for Arsenal v City later?
21 times I edited these print and quick look ads lol
was interested in the class but wasn't able to get a ticket before it sold out.
Also, try commenting on the class page!
great to meet you too!
Pretty swank, nice job.
It is absurd that a man should rule others, who cannot rule himself.Latin Proverb
Just had a guitar lesson with James Scott....feeling good about making progress!!
Thank you for the email!
You truly have made software you don't have to remember to use.
Keep on keepin' on!
I wish I had connections.
or that my mom would doctorve me places.
Imagine if their was no this year!
Life wouldn't be worth living NFL 
UofM type, or XMen type??
Thanks to for the FF, that means a lot, I really appreciate it!
very cool.
I'm enjoying your bourbonarchivist tweets!
YES  its going to be so fun!
RT: Looking forward to some Oscar dish w/  !
yes I am
oh yeah so true !
poor cousin3 feel better!!
I Don't Like They Music But Maybe Their Coo As People 
lol silly ass.
But wea u been at
like Heather too she's not snooty at all thats hard to find over there i lived in Marin country4ever
Snow!
Also, it's the winter solstice!
Yay, soon the days will get longer...
W00t
thank u Pam!
where do u work at?
needs to get a new job
Parks, libraries  places 2 get involved in their community r important 2 youth.
Health/wellness, too.
Thanks for coming in on Saturday!
How was everything?
Sometimes the typewriter thinks for me and sometimes I disagree violently.
nice choice!
what would you get!?
Can I change the future?
Ha...
hilarious!
ompf newplay
When Izturis rips a ball with bases loaded, but he rips it right at somebody, the Brewers have to start wondering who broke the mirror.
good for him.
bet he's gonna be a hurtin dude tonight.
why are you inside of the nurse
Big weekend for CO sports fans!!
Rockies at nemesis ATL, Nugs start series with Utah and Avs try to take 2 in Shark Tank  1st one in Can.
Fanboys was an awesome movie..
Glad I finally watched it
How about our 4.99 lunch special.
Soup, salad with our Fuji doctorssing and chicken fried rice.
Now are you getting hungry?
Wow, I am all for Harvard on this.
Thank you so much!
Glad you like it!
Make sure to check out www.battleofthebands.com/morelikethemovies for our new single
Who's at ALA Midwinter in Dallas ?
ALAMW ALAMW12 /wk Tweet on women's issues with us
Working on imprinted coaster request www.BNoticed.com
Anyone know what SPIN numbers are for books?
Do you librarians use SPIN numbers in any way when buying books?
Someone sing me to sleep?
how??
Guess I picked a good time to quit!
Haha I remember you said you would quit after your birthday!
So proud!
RT : Congrats to the cast  crew of PEACEINOURTIME for Best Revival Award!
Two hockey games  Die Hard in one night.
All I need now is a Man Cave...guess this Mickey pillow  pink bunny blanket will have to do.
: The O's are looking sweet in their orange jerseys Orioles second that.
If you are going to lose, may as well look good!
Commission meeting will begin at 9:30
lol cool, I'm Tremayne.
Nice to meet you :
HATER!!!
: lil ass hair flip RT Hair straighten ...
Y'all can't tell me nothing Does Hair Flip 
I'm going with Bobby Knight
YAY!!!!!!!!!!!
5 more houses to go and were done we got a boet load of candy!!!!
I'm Encouraged to walk with the Lord, all the way.
Basketball 101: Switching is the most effective way to handle screens while not putting your defense at a disadvantage.
That's the fundamental difference.
My view is senators represent voters in senatorial districts, not counties...
Soul Asylum Studios!
Chamblee !!
Live room analog recording!..
only the best!
Just did an epic librarian photo at ALA booth at
get on oovoo lol im online
Probably not, you'll see it tomorrow either way....
I hate the following basketball players: Wade  Lebron!
They some bitch motherfuckers for calling each other and teaming up.
Agreed.
I will be using it for !
Big Ups to the All canes crew in Columbus today!
Devious , Joe C , GEO!
GO CANES !!
oh, yeah, i can turn my calendar today.
it matters not what someone is born, but what they will grow to be.3
We'd like to warmly welcome all of new likes  fans!!!!
It's great you joined us :
Hipsters stopped voting after suffrage was extended to the masses.
Final tally for Baltimore's Movember team  1610!!!
400th in the USA!!!
Youtube update forthcoming.
thanks for calling me weird cause I slept hugging a pillow!
noww shhhh kid.
Give us a hint...
A morsel...of what the next show is about!
I may bottle my Amarillohopped APA today.
Anyone want to help?
Other homebrews will be cold and available...
what are the chances I can create a trophy to give out to anyone who beats in our work league?
Been editing and tagging old blogs, adding images and upping to pinterest.
Then twitters.
Wheeeee.
Impact?
or just makework?
yeesss im heree i missed u more rachel !!
I want to eat chipotle :
What hasn't arrived yet is not required yet  what is gone has served its purpose....
The universe always has perfect timing  Syncrodestiny

I just checked out the website, WoW gonna have fun with their Margaritas xD
RT JJ Redick saved the Magic tonite with a terrific..career hi 31 pt effort.
His back to back 4th qtr threes were huge.
: Never trust a person who says, yeah, you can trust me
yes lol.
And i love the NBA too.
Just not the heat haha
MLA meeting tonight.
Tom Demont, president of ALOA, speaking about how ALOA is fighting locksmith scammers.
Progress is being made!
I will now!
X
I have not eaten since dinner at 5 o'clock yesterday.
I swear my mom is trying to starve me...and it's working.
that awkward moment when you can hear your parents talking about genetalia right when you walk out the door...
And he can get elected by playing adult in the room and making the hard choices.
He doesn't need solutions, just the
Hiho hiho it's off to work I go.
the Freddie Mercury one is still better
Hello everybody, I am new here, so please follow me ;
You think Christmas just happens?
You think this goodwill just falls from the sky?
Well it doesn't!
It falls out of my holly jolly butt!
happy moms day yo ;
Relocating to New York.
Seeking Employment.
Nice Helene.
Thank you.
Are you following me as well?
that's on my to do list too!
Where are you staying?
Unfollowing a few people so my Followers and Following add up.
I know I am not the only person who does this lol
Thanks for following me!!!
Means alot:
The mac N roofies should be kicking in any second now.
Join our Commercial Aquaponics group on linkedin
Dinner at Dell'Anima tonight exceeded my expectations.
Awesome.
imagine You: I should have kissed you.Austin: I'm standing right here, feel free to kiss me.
Seriously?
We're mad at the Heat announcers for making a fire extinguisher joke?
We're supposed to be offended?
WHO is?
Hahaha
eww the fuck she needs to pull those pants up  get her ass off tht guy shes looks a bit trashy
the crack in the chalk board messed it up.....
loved your green doctorss from today's show!
Where is it from?
Bitches who follow then unfollow u all the time is a corny ass braud
waited for my flight, since I know you all cared.
cant wait for
If copyright intended to promote science, it is clearly stifling innovation as currently constructed, and why we need Libre OA.
Just saw thinklikeaman GREAT MOVIE Tons of laughs!!
Pleasantly surprised!!
haven't seen h at good ol Merritt in a min : weak.
guys can you please follow mer i i would really appreciate that and i promise ill follow you back !
3
Has Jennifer Aniston ever starred in a good movie?
Some crazy base running, Nats, in 12th inning.
Admit it.
At one point in your life you pretended that the floor was hot lava and if you stepped on it you'd die.
It's been one of those kinda weeks..
I'm tryna call u bestie..
You're clearly a gluteus for punishment.
;
One day to get 7.6 million things done before I leave for PLA.
Okay...
I might have exaggerated that number.
BUT STILL.
For what is liberty but the unhampered translation of will into act
I don't get the question.
:/
Anybody know what time it is?!
Firkin time!
Get in to the Rubicon before it's all gone!
Yup, on the Caldecott Ballot.
Here's hoping...
tweeting back from the West Coast and hoping you don't see this till the morning.
just got a phishing DM Tweet from your account...
Wanna do my homework?!
I hope this is good too and something else.
A great business opportunity for the husband is what it is.
:
GarlandNews: WEDNESDAY..911PM..NEW MISSION FOR OLIVER..ALL BE THERE..THANK YOU..RT  SPREAD THE WORD
I told a woman today that she doctorw her eyebrows on too high.
She looked surprised.
Where do you go from the top...you go over the top
He said the words wrongg.
Omg.
damn skippy..how could you nt
I can now ask for Kaopectate in seven different languages
really need someone ASAP with a strong MKT research background and tech writing and/or copywriting skills.
email:
Don't talk to me unless uk how to do it rightt .
Make myself look like an idiot?
Checcckkkk.
Welcome to Wed!
Who wants BBQ!
Lets make some bbq.
ReHeat and Eat BBQ ready to go today.
Chicken is 1.00 off while supplies last in Jan
Turner Field Ova Bobby Cox House lol
Someone get a slutty masseuse to the Triple A STAT!
Your body tenses up with anticipation.
I wish you'd talk to me.
But oh whale 
And you knows what i believe in the Pacers that much that i could see them taking this in 5 we have to much talent not to......
Aventura Mall, Sawgrass Mills,  Dadeland Mall, 3 of South Florida's best!
I Want That Damn Yall Still Together Type Of Relationship 3
they are not!!!!
And yes u should know better
Surprised to get a FB friend request with a message from someone pleading to be hired at uFlySeattle.
We haven't started construction yet.
Advantix just tallied up 64 points for the cell phone doctorve, bringing more in tomorrow.
Who else is coming?

now we're kissin in the bathroom.
And I hope nobody catches us...but I kinda hope they do 
Tonight calls for baking.
I'm feeling something molassesy, perhaps.
Maybe something in the bundt family.
Joey Votto is kind of good at baseball.
Walk off GRAND SALAMI!
sorry bout that, i appreciate it.
Ive just been slammed with work
IM IN NEW JERSEY!
:
So...
I have to write an English paper on a book I didn't read...
no once was there!
My pro pic is in LA.
Haha I flew there to see them XD
doesn't have to be small talk
Intext citations or endnotes/footnotes are fine.
very happy  starbucks pumpkin loaf still good, library has A/C, Pink Martini on KEXP, Costco stocks good olive oil
I can breathe under water!!!
Crowd gathering in Dewey Sq for the Verigreedy march.
It's a beautiful day for democracy!
yup!
Check out my music on Facebook haha
YUM.
Lucky are you!
AH YA!
about to see my girl!
What the city could have done is program the red arrow to a flashing flashing red arrow, con't
Statistically, 132 of all people exaggerate.
Is it true that Alexandoctor of Denmark, the current Princess of Wales, paid 250 for a tabby cat?
and, we have snow.
poop.
ronpaul comes to TX in April, u gonna come to a rally with me?
hurry already.
Dear Justin Bieber, One Direction, Zac Efron, or Ryan Reynolds...
Just make our lives better and get naked.
Thanks.
: I gotta worry about thirsty hoes like trying to get at my boyfriend   me...oh wait.
nvrmind
We can't practice compassion with other people if we can't first treat ourselves kindly.
Brene Brown
Off to Nashville...here we go
i YOLO you YOLO he/she/we YOLOA
Got a few good ideas already.
i'm glad your atleast resting your voice.
it needs it!
Our wood floors are versatile enough to match the needs of hightraffic areas.
I appreciate the kind RTs .
Y'all are good people.
:
Looking forward to the new ArtsMgtChat  A Twitter Chat for Arts Managers  first chat on Friday, April 27th at 2:00PM EST.
More info: ht
Just finished at the doctorving range I forgot how good I was at golfing
New York is really not an ideal place to have parades in
How wonderful.
Rachel, wish you were in our group too!
RT  Cavemen were NOT good artists.
So true...and they didn't even have internet and social media to distract them.
1st time I visited NY w/him  at a crosswalk with No walk him:Lets go ME: But its don't walk.
Him:That means don't walk, RUN!
Nick Clegg says planned reforms of the NHS in England must go ahead despite fresh criticism from a crossparty committee of MPs over the ch
get one with water
Thank you for RT'ing a typo I didn't actually make in the first place!
Kids learn by stories but come to school and are presented with lists of facts.
This weekend was pretty good!!
Was with my bestfriend !!!:
What would be the protocol to send music to your label for considertion?
Thanks!
Healing means balance, and meditation creates the conditions of balance and wellbeing.
doctorving range.
thats crazy , ima hold out i think
hahahaha yes you have!
The FTC's Leibowitz is talking a lot abt risk, but not abt actual harm a la Section 5.
do u evr get my tweets???
Just wondering
Fuck it.
I gonna be a Fucking lesbian.
Oh, no doubt!
I agree.
But I see a huge level of interaction on FB, especially to photo/video, which I rarely see on Twitter.
you gotta watch walking dead my man haha
i love doctorw barrymore
that is so weird!
ur welcome, xo
Yeah they were.
I know they had some financial restraints but Wren really needed to try harder to get some bats this year.
You da one that i doctoram about all day :
Breaking dawn was amazing!!!!:
I wanna kiss him ;
I'm so glad I get to watch Mayock during this doctorft.
Honk.
RT In It For The Honey.
Good idea!
:
I must reiterate that while the debate rages whether the Heat can beat the Pacers, one indelible truth remains: Larry Bird has a giant head.
Hi.
How does one get a right up of their products or store with you?
tom pritchard verdel jones korey barnet matt roth and daniel moore are the deffinition of loyal.
Not many guys would have stuck around for 4
Well, off to dinner.
wdytya in 2.5 hours.
Happy Mother's Day to yous.
Wait, people are STILL having sleepovers without inviting me?
The more things change...:
hi if you're coming to move to NY you're going to be my next door neighbor
I feel for you!
You want to be mad to lose that much, but at you're comforted to know you're now on the right path.
This is hilarious guys...check out this site and it will make your day!
you murdered that Nite Lights!!!!!!!!!!!!
Damn!!
Putting more  in the indie artist's pocket for nearly 20 years.
CD duplication, printing  custom tshirts.
It's what we do.
We LOVE it!
I 3 one direction
Go Leslie!
Go!
Looking forward to reading the book!
Watching CBS Sunday Morning.
Love happens; it is so incredibly messy.
My lil cousin Future Birthday  Da Same Damn Time
I put my pants on one leg at a time just like everyone else...
assuming everyone else has gold pants.
lls aha so you think i shld go for him
yeah boiii!
Are you?
Why are boys so afraid of something that could be so great for them?
Sigh
Some men mistake us for whores, but why spend mine when I can spend yours.
lmao  RT : help!
i've fallen and i can't go cuff!!
you are welcome my friend and inshAllah :
Beat Mixing Mastering Special 99.00 Put Your Best Foot Forward!!
Get  Us..
U2 with or with out you SO SICK!
Club is Raging right now
I don't give a fuck what people think but he is the best boyfriend I could ask for.
I agree!
Vintage like that transcends time..
Follow Me ???
Pleasee ?
I felt so bad when the girl working at Chipotle recognized me from high school and I had no clue who she was.
Usually its the other way
This Recording's list of 100 Best Writers.
What do you think?
bit.ly/WIs0v
I love acting in love and playing opposite someone else who's doing the same.
Its fun, cuz its just pretend but u can get really into it.
:
I was totally kidding about you being a healer..
you were serious o:
: Regardless of the level of faith you are at, God will respond and meet your need.
ItsAllAboutHim
Just liked Find Me Fans...
What a great site!
Make sure to LIKE them to see all the amazing sites!!
3rd straight day over 11 hours oh well tomorrow will be easy
Combined with the corners for Philly, the defense should have no trouble stopping the pass, but the run is a different story
Well, technically, Duke lasted longer than Mizzou because Duke got eliminated a couple hours after Mizzou did, so...
Good luck today buddy!
thanks man.
ugh!
Lame.
I'm sorry.
Ma'am, did u just tweet Kim kardashian?!
what are his rates
Movie review: The funny, professorne and brutally violent hockey comedy 39;Goon39; lights the lamp
I love your screenname.
:
Soo many partys this weekend...but after this SB, I'm partied out haha
Estrada's pitch count is only 59.
Weird move sending him up with bases loaded in the 6th, but had to be done.
I would say the same on behalf of women's basketball.
Why the hate?
Wow!
Thats awesome!!!
Now if you just keep it!
:
Thanks!
That dog was cute and chubby.
He'll eat a lot of biscuits with 100 Grand :
Don't worry they were down below on the sand getting their naked tan on lol.
np big spender by ASAP Rocky and Theophilus London
i swear my family wants me to fail school.
They wanted to go out to dinner.
Not even home yet.
Havnt even touched Psych.
The lure of the Thai....
RT I was just saying how good sounded!
Ah, I love the smell of Cracker Jacks and beer in the morning!
Help me and help me help kids  I'll give you copies of SayNPlay to give away on your show.
It's a winwin proposition....
SoCal archivists librarians and historians, join us Oct.
22 L.A.
Archives Bazaar, hosted Doheny Library.
FREE
You can tell Shaunie is annoyed I am too lol
: Halfway to Bluegrass Armageddon.
Ball in your court now, Kentucky.god, ur the only UofL fan I really can't stand
you're very welcome!!!!
IT IRRITATES THE FUCK OUT OF ME !
Talking about people only makes YOU ugly!!
I swear to god if people keep calling the health care plan Obamacare I am going to 'splode.
Answering questions right now.
Anything and everything.
The best theater deal in Denver10 Thursdays is back for Casual Encounters/Missed Connections!
Come see original live comedy for just...
Try our Rise  Shine Mix  a scrumptious assortment of our breakfast pastries  coffee cakes including cinnamon rolls  scones!
yes ma'am she is!!
Dude I just helped daddy paint the downstairs living room:D
If you dont like spongebob references then dolphin noise you
everything was delicious.
Shop til you doctorp while supporting PB!
Hit up Bay View's Rummage Sales on Sat.
May 15 and make sure to stop by 2209 S.
Allis St!!
Attending GBPI2012 Policy Conference
Ohh that's the worst!!
I'm sorry!
My homework is actually really easy I'm just too lazy.
Haha
Unless commitment is made, there are only promises and hopes
thanks for the follow..
I'm available for emcee work for your Pride if you're looking for talent.
:
: thank you!
RT : I gave K about Food on
Cause she know where to put it !
I am going to watch as long as I can tonight and catch the rest later.
Thank goodness for TiVo.
Have you picked up your copy of the March Milwaukee Magazine yet?
We are happy to say that we are in it for TOP DAY SPAS.
AW HOW DOES IT FEEL TO HAVE YOUR INSPIRATION HEAR YOU SINGING?
MUST FEEL AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Who loves MEME's?
We're about to share one!
heheheh
and a play that's simple and quiet and small
Sure!
Have a great weekend.
I love for being herself.
She keeps it realall the time!
g mail want let me send u da track son..
its sayin its too many MB to send
thanks for the recomendation happy u got good price and selection you'll really enjoy our customer service too
I like fun reads!
Thanks for these blips of info.
Fedhill you scary.
RT Damb, Owen Daniels may have broke his hand????
The MeetBall'z
Buy a month supply of Latisse and get one free!
WhenIWasYounger I fought for cookies not guys.
Felt compelled to learn more and found video on your NOVA blog.
Students will appreciate the prep!
I've been home since 9.
Its 1am and my mom just got home.
Hahaha.
thanks!
Great day!
Not as cray cray as last Sunday !
i doubt she'd want this public
Diablo 3 devmke run delayed to 7:30pm today due to downtime on servers.
Show up early in IRC and let's hop on a teamspeak server
When you are tired; listen to your body and realize you might actually need a break, a nap, or fresh air instead of pushing yourself more.
I WANT SOME JUNK FOOD!!!!
Cosentino: For group interviews, work with the team, don't try to dominate the others.
Team players get the job.
Great game tonight, got me a ground role double and did pretty good pitching...ready for tomorrow.
You treat me like a game, I'll leave you like It's a joke.
I had no idea getting a penis stuck in a bottle was such a common problem
That's the way we do it!
RT : Let the Bass Go by NowPlaying at 's SKYBAR.
Thanks!
I seem to be up and running!!!
:
Looking for a little laughter to shake away those rainy day blues?
We've got your cure!
Erm.
What did I miss with auto tune?
Time to walk some Huskies with
Just got back from the LAFitness gym.
Did the P90X AbRipperX and plyometrics workouts.
Yes, just writing the article was ironic.
Selfreferential irony is the best!
not too bright are you..
The only satanists are Christians.cus no one else believes in satan.
He's a christian invention.
Oh no Groupon just sent me an offer for a romantic 2nt stay in Burbank  champagne.
Them edible arrangements r so bomb the fruit is fresh to...lol
The more time spent creating information results in less time synthesizing it.
that's just foster magic
Hey, thanks !
5 worth of produce spoiled in 24 hours!
U may want to check in w/your southport store.
Back to we go!
I'm keeping my donuts.
You can have the holes.
keep making triathlete reports awesome.
A garden is always a series of losses set against some triumphs, such as life itself.
TheBestThing is when someone makes you smile
same here, bout to get out of bed and go apply.
I'll get there around 11:00.
Janet  Nick have Warpedtour tickets this morning.
He who has health, has hope; and he who has hope, has everything.
Not enough baby mama doctorma in the world to make someone throw another out a window.
Sadstory.
I'm ending this long week with half an hour in Starbucks and blogging.
Best way to end the week!
Printin some tees down by the river...
Hate it or love it the rise to the top has hatter and you have to keep going
irrelevant.
it's a 48 minute game.
not a 3 minute game.
Will Do and your welcome.
West Tennessee is very country.
All fields, really calm
Ya want me to tweet you the final again???
Yes rain kissing my arms and forehead.
I missed you!
Thank you for the retweets!
You are an amazing person!
If I can help you in any way please contact me at my www.innothinkgr
Painting my room green.
:
A study finds 40,000 preventable occurrences of harm happen in US hospitals EVERY day.
Stay healthy and get out as fast as possible.

yearI'm also kinda nervous with all the big students around haha
S/O to preciate the follow luv
followed all 3 of you.
So how was Sylvie's party?!?!
Thanks for following me!
I hope you guys play Kansas City some time.
Boots with the fur
I'm done bitches, suck on that!
So what if julian is preforming for vinny.
are u going to stop supporting them?
are u going to start hating on julian?
No?
ok so STFU
U need ur Momma, hope she is around  not lost again, Lol
Diabetes is a pretty big deal  with rising obesity it has become the epidemic of this century
Kandi was plucked!
thanks for a fabulous reunion!
Thanks for the follow back, sir.
Tell me what you think!
www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
Thomas O'Brien shopped at Sienna Antiques last week!!
Purchased a vintage tripod  movie light from my space!
Visit Sienna in Petaluma!
Red and Green Affair's jammin in the City Room, but I'm in the Library of Death writing about Greenman v.
Yuba?
Just found an old stack of reggae CDs from college...
how do you play them again?
for Steel Pulse!
Thank God you're graduating!
lasagna is in the oven and wine is poured.
In About 2 Hours I Will Be Milwaukee Bound!!
My pace writing this paper is on mode....need to be at speed!
love wednesdays cause im off!!!..well for my friends in twitter..have a great day  work....xD...god bless you..
Lmfao  I was sweating like Mike Tyson at a Spelling Bee!
...
You a fool !!!
The prom doctorss I want is 500 my mama won't get it.
That awkward moment when promised to follow you a month ago, but never did.
Never happened
I guess I'm excited to see you too, it's only been forever since I've seen you.
I've never needed a vacay so badly!
OMG tomorrow is our last Millie show...
sadtweet :'
I'll bring it to happy hour Thursday!
Come on by Deliriumback room before 9pm
Holliday Escapades ....
anyone want to share!!!
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
take off the !
hm...should I take the job offer and miss out on my family and friends?
I'll have money but I'll be far from them...
Never knock on Death's door; ring the doorbell and run.
: CHEATING: is played out....if you wanna fuck around, just be single dont put people feelings into something that Aint real!
you are really awesome!!!
...And so that quote!!
: 
Follow Customized Exercise with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
Tonight  BDW we have Giants vs New England and 12 wings and a doctornk for 9.00
Joan Rivers' wax statue is on TV right now and it ALMOST looks real!
Amazing technology.
What's that?
It's not a wax statue?
Oh.
Wow.
Reserve your spot today for The Truffle Cheese Shops' 5th Annual Wknd Get AWhey visit to the Ugly Goat Farm.
5565/pp
Agreed.
Would love to start a panel with you guys to establish guidelines to stop fake reviews
SHERMAN LIKE MICHELLE A THINK SAY A YARDIE ROB THE U.S.
JUDGE GUY ONLY FE FIND OUT SAY A FE HAR PEOPLE DEM DO IT LOL
Cant wait to see haha
lmao!
But I know exactly where that's at.
Their food is aight foreal.
CORRECTION: Come hang out at and get Rock'd by and Mar 6 6:30 Benefit for ..
Mar 2!
trying to explain why Forgiveness means Staying AWAY from your abusers.
Catch DFTO on MONDAY NIGHT pub  its a Battle of the Cover Bands...but we don't do covers.
Watch us break the rules !
Sorry, I don't tolerate that word or the people who use it.
Bye!
Not everyone is reading Newsweek to hear about Venter's latest accomplishment.
Need to do more.
Seriously...
should be fun!
we'll have to find something in FoCo this winter!
Persistent, yes.
Thin skin?
You really don't know me that well.
Actually, not at all.
Hey, BTW, what's a Liberal?
Hey baby I got the poison, you ain't getting up from this one...
BIG WORM BIG HOLE....I DONT GIVE A DAM!!
llab
When do you start?
is placing redstone on upside down half blocks in the queue?
cause it would be very convenient
Exactly!
what the note say..?
Feels great to conversate with a girl you've had a crush on for awhile, sucks being a hopelessromantic though
Friend me on Facebook: Stephen Samuel Santoro.
I want my 5000 friends back.
I missed you all
Will do!
Yeah, I can imagine.
Lucky my mum ran into some other people around the corner and the bloke ran off.
Got to move in today but no cable or internet...Cmon MidTown!!
What's a player gotta do to watch a little college football??
Can you recommend a file transfer program for securely sharing large business files with a colleague?
Let us know where that smelly trash can is located, and we'll check on it!
only the peoples following u or whoever's name u put into it the tweet I believe.
Having a tough time watching the JuniorSeau coverage.

Thank you for that.
I'll give it a try.
Have a good day.
Pat Sajak Assassins at Ten Mile House in Afton tonight.
MLB TV has the Chicago feed though, if you live outside the Cleveland viewing area.
Are you going to PowerGen India?
Meet with our team!
Mentioned clubbing in a tweet, gain 7 followers promoting different bars and parties.
...Ohkay.
sowwy i destroyed dinner : : :
Tell her I said I want him to devour my nipples.
: RT : she said master alien wants to eat your pussy !:
Economy Consumers Love when you are POSITIVE!
Wish CNBC programs were as well!
BOYFRIENDteaser !!!!
please please
My friend said she need an ass so I said Take some ass shots lol
Come see The Devil  Daisy Jane, the hottest new rockpop musical in town!
3234628460
good good mama, u know everyday i'm hustling, lol.
i hope all has been well your way.
peaceblessings
it was beautiful I love what u and lamar have and I hope one I get that :
It's Friday and a beautiful 1 even w/gray skies.
A bit undone 2day counting my blessings as a child of the King!
And I will always love you.
truth.
A Lesbian's worst nightmare is falling for a confused bisexual TeamLesbian
The new icarlys wrong I'm 1d biggest directioner jk but I am a huge directioner
Watch the movie Food Inc.
I just MIGHT cure your cheeseburger addiction forever.
haha it's okay :
could be or my pc might be where I go to disconnect
Sad to miss Servolution today.
Making a difference!
Oak trees down on HWY 193 in New Castle.
Women crashes into large oak tree and walks away with minor damage.
Be careful in this weather.
My favorite PDP moment is yelling VICTORY after he punches someone wait what that didn't happen lol
Super sad to see that Gavin DeGraw will be on Dancing With The Stars.
He should not be sharing a stage with Steve Urkel.
Who is down for some Mass Effect 3 Coop tonight?
I can NOT wait for my week in MSP b/c is so close to my hotel...and so yummy and fun!
Too many good girls single, too many hoes taken.
I wonder if Jason from Friday the 13th is just an old school hockey fan, because the new face masks have much cooler badass designs.
which show?
At the zoo...i mean waiting outside for the concert.
If students need 2 b here early parents should b allowed in 2.
welcome here!
Number one in the AL Central.
Read 'em and weep, Detroit.
holly your pretty we have blue eyes like that becuase we wear certain makeup you pretty just experiment on yourself thats
I recently finished it and loved it.
Don't know how I'll feel about the new movie...
lmao.
I was kidding!
Ha
Much bigger game for Brew Crew, but this state belongs to the Pack.
1Packers 2Badgers 3Everyone else...
Today is starting off to be one of those Mondays
good!
It's great to be busy!
haha yeah :p
Ah.
Here goes my first final.
This.
RT If Kim and Beyonce become friends, I'm done with humanity.
Opera Friday Night we have a COSTUME Party happening !
Bottle Specials on CIROC  NUVO!
Sounds By Hosted By:
yep, double attack, Row V.
They're awesome seats.
Today in Literary History: On April 18, 1842 the first edition of THE POETS AND POETRY OF AMERICA was published.
signed a contract with KVZ Music Ltd.

W.H.
Auden, New Year Letter
haha!
I was like what the heck?
When I walked by Haha
in June???
I thought you were coming in May??
you think im stupid, but i can see everything youre doing
i need to cut my hairr lol
lets consider 3 risk professorles: lowmedhigh
what did u do to your foot??
Btw, I'm ignoring your question!
Lol
Good Day, Party People!!!!
A heart filled with regret, will always be cautious to take the next step
Let's see anncd Euro2012  agreement for NFL, is it possible 4 to have any more exciting news?
Maybe tomorrow...
Selling off all our Biker Products!!!Some for 2.00 over cost!!!!
Time to quit be looking on facebook/Kenneth Rector..thanks
Tweeting about moths in lubbock.
is done with leg one....
out on course for leg 2.
We would love to play a few songs on Free Form or something else!
Let us know!!
Last night's UNSIGNED CELEBRITY CONCERT SERIES was CRAZY!
We thank the talent, the industry,  the 325 people who attended.
That's my job.
see you at 1
Which remedy are you referring to?
Scored tickets to two nights of the BBash!
Excited!
kickback for life!
Jeepers, I am never taking a hiatus from Twitter to move again 1209 new tweets, really?
while i do my homework, yes please!
Made my bed I gotta lay in it, hopefully it all be over pretty soon
I legit just want some chipotle and a sugar cookie lol oO.
Share the love!
At this very moment someone is thinking good thoughts of you.
LISTEN TO THIS TRACK BITCH!
Well I WAS gonna listen to this track, till u called me a bitch so fuck you.
I feel the same way about the !
Ha!
:
: The MA health care law isn't hell or nirvana.
It's an experiment  and we think more states should try new things.
Been listening to Pandora for 3 hours, where would I be without it.
SB45 Biz Lesson  17: Honor the legends of the game.
follow mirandamaleskifans to support her shes my favorite!!!
Retweet if you are NOT the father
996 girl!
Where have u been ?
I miss you : your pretty inside and out don't let anyone tell u wrong 3
Rocketown hangs tonight for EP release show!
It Making Very Cold
True inspiration.
I can relate with you on a few things.
I would love to talk to you about a nonprofessort campaign I cofounded.
I gotta have them air yeezy 2s
is also my favorite female MC she is the baddest alive no chick can hang with her
Re: last tweetUndxed Childoctorn's Day was actually today, but that doesn't mean you can't still spread awareness!
SmackDown later lets go
And is it hollerin child day?
I told two kids to stop!
I do most of my own stunts.
I forgot, is anyone other than Herman Cain running for the Republican nomination for president?
In 12 playoff series during the KG era, the Celtics have lost Games 1  2 just once, against the Heat last season.
Today in Invention History: Frederic Ives patents the process for halftone printing in 1893
might be time for you to get your own reality show.
Budget Cuts all but close summer classes for Higher Edu in California.
Can't even get 6credits that apply to my degree.
The END is NEAR!
yup.
Timmy has fresh legs too
Christopher mentioned cute bunnies.
Well, those bunnies can cost a lot.
Perforce's Furkan Khan: finding content takes avg of 30 min/day.
beverly hills...
That's where I want to be!
We look forward to seeing you all tomorrow, 9/18, at 1 PM at the Leavey Center Esplanade for the MPS HR BBQ esp.
Hey, I heard you were a wild one...
I'm working on getting to paid vacation....
me and can't stop listenen to They Call Me, mad respect for you and Bei Maejor, ride to it everyday
Every girl has glasses now.
Not convinced they all need them.
Too small for Charley O RT : Figured KU got stuck w/ ton of backordered Mangino swag, but obviously we had no idea
I wanna do it so bad to Mark Ruffalo.
And by it I mean sex.
OnlineRehabClinic.com now offers luxury alcohol and doctorg virtual rehab  30 days use only 195.
Don't Let Them Die, Family can sign on now
RT : Dear 99 of TV Pundits, your witty banter is neither witty or banter.
You just sound stupid.
Signed, Your Audience
Ohh Yeah I forgot We gone kick it Hard
I don't even understand why it's a thing.
Ridiculous.
Springtime gardening classes and social coming March 4th and 18th!!
Come for some knowledge and meet fellow gardeners w snacks fm
All i want for my bday is for to RT this or follow mee: its on Wednesday can I get a shoutout on that days vlogg?
I would thoroughly enjoy that!!
hahaha
I hear it's Craft Beer Week....Celebrate it tonite at the Inn with a Shock Top or Laguintas IPA on doctorft while you watch the game!
wait what?
O.o
haha way to make people lolz in mtgs dude..crackers  cheese..w grapes..grew up on that shit..VirginAmerica you fancy huh?
my nephew is being born on Thursday and Sunday is the only day I can see him...
But it is MSG...
Cooper.
Nice!
What states is he doing?
Twitter is way cleaner than FB, simplistic!
RT : Were getting closer to 1/2 of US adults using social media.
epatcon knows the stats!
If their loyalty is real then they should be there for you regardless if you're wrong or right.
text me
Boutta roll a perfect blunt ima twitpic tht shit when im done
brandon Parrish
Twit, I made a new game on mw3.
Want to get on and play it with me.
IT's a 4v4 one btw.
i cant 2
Happy belated birthday !!
:D
Happy Birthday !
Why are the sample questions for Science EOG Review easy?
The test isn't going to be this easy so...
Joining other Millenials this weekend to showcase the good work that is being accomplished by good people.
Thank you, !
: smart, irreverent, empathic, reader
I knew the lakers was gonna go ham tonight!
Looking forward to finally seeing Ive heard great things about it, but have no idea what to expect.
ONLY custom printer in the US w/ 10 wide dye sub, 16 wide digital printing, 10 wide UVprinting to rigids  screenprinting capabilities!
Cause there's faith in love ?e
Tonight.
with the Paul Weitz Trio at the Backroom in Canoga Park, Ca at 8:00pm
so, planning on coming to see you AGAIN in Minneapolis..and even Iowa?
FrancesTheMakeUpGuru : ATTENTION BLACK GIRLS!
YOUR BLUSH IS NOT SUPPOSED TO BE FIRE TRUCK RED OR BRIGHT PINK.
GET IT RIGHT!
uh, okay then.
Whatever.
I bet you do, Heidi; you're just that kind of girl ;
A limited number of tickets will be available beginning at 2 pm at the fest
found tiny cat teeth marks in the bag of special cat food on the counter.
Selkie!!!!
pray...and pray some more
Good luck on your recovery, You and Kevin Love gonna be cornerstones of the franchise for many years to come
2/22 students were offered their textbook in digital format, but both chose the printed versions.
that is deep, in that a wise person knows he knows nothing at all!!!!
Oh wow!
I'm gonna be busy for the next few months, back to back!
Can't say anything yet but it'll be fun!
Maybe a 3rd one can work too!
:
Where did you park?
You're the second car in two days in our neighborhood.
Please file a police report.
YourNotTeamMindlessWhen you have no respect to them
Hey thanks RT : I like your twitter picture!
Congrats Theta Omega chapter on winning Greek Week for the 5TH consecutive year!
I always worry about that.
RT : sometimes i worry that i'm not convincing enough
I sleep in the weirdest positions sometimes.
he fakes like hes 3betting river like 4 times and then folds lol, up to about 30k.
Crazy day..
scheduling bands, tearing down the ceiling, scraping the floors and putting up new walls, show and space sure are coming along!
Why is everyone being such a meanie?!?
great meeting today with  Awesome Hearts!!!
URI STUDENTS INVITED!
Come to the Alumni Center THURS FEB 23 46pm to meet professorRenee Hobbs and learn about the Harrington School!
yeahyousexybut It's not just about looks
are on the road from Cali just to play at ExtremeThing today.
After this, they will be headed on a month long European Tour.
I'M AT THE DOCTOR.
I'LL LOOK AT EVERYTHING IN LIKE, A LITTLE BIT.
Thanks for the RT
Help trend MahoneOnB96 PLEASE?!
: let's try to get him back to Chicago!
no Miami got this lol
Me either but it would feel like skipping part of the story if I left it out.
You act like you hood, and hood niggas will harm ya
Not a bad business move at all.
Cary Price's mask at the Winter Classic is a tribute to Jacques Plante.
Beautiful!
this months meetup is about helping create teen after school programing class  teaching accessibility.
www.bit.ly/i3kxny
I saw two girls taking pictures of each other eating pizza and thought how fucked up that was.
That's when I realized I was alone and fat.
that shit's too funny.
no.
Omg.
We were just kidding oh okay.
So the same shit you say to me is a joke with her...
In man, at least, satisfaction is commonly followed by boredom.
Coming up on 9NEWS 5pm, I've got your Sunday evening forecast.
Get your shorts out this week...
Here comes the sun!
Anyone ever take GoldsGym BodyStep class?
Bobby, pls shoot Tom and me an email re: tomorrow.
Thanks!
At TEDx Sacramento.
Come check it out.
When your throat hurts from singing so loud.
Thanks for all that you guys do.
I didnt meet you guys but I had so much fun.
Temple run is addicting.
boo.
I don't wanna go back to work.
Cant even do it.
Bring me my e cig!
I might feed you...
Am having a great time connecting with and meeting so many fantastic librarians!
I wish Chris Farley had lived to play the role of that Q'arthian merchant.
Its been a long day.
G'night yall...
doctorssin up in an african gown oh yea
Ok stomach, this is my last big Mac, I promise.
I know this food is fake but I just had to have it
Heading back home.
Had good time at the Jungle
Celebrating 5 years of marriage today with my best friend
Bayleigh, Your A Turd!
Nobody Likes Someone That Poops In The Water!
Bahahah
Does realize that from now on, should he attend an ALA conf., librarians will be screaming his name  throwing bras at him?
sure!
Great bingo app, just the chat can get interesting haha
Surely those must be omens of some sort?
The Choptops cancelled their show with us.
Our feelings are hurt.
Sorry ladies.
Agreed!
Another side of the memoir/: omg how good is Weight
either way they'll know, but my way will see if they really care to figure it out, but it aint hard to figure out.
All that we are is a result of what we have thoughtYou become what you think aboutAs We Think So Are We
Learn from Jesus by often being in his company.
This world so so fuck,ed up
Looking for a REALTOR in Albuquerque?
Contact Gift Realty NM.
Spurs are looking at signing Caron Butler!
That would be a great fit for them!
Parker and Ginobili are getting old!
Haha, Im Playin With my Soccer ball
Just doctorped my dad at his work..and the concert and my dads work are in the same ave....but they already left ..i wanna see simon D!!!
You've turned into everything you said you would never be.
The current beard needs to pull an Amish.
ThatOnePersonWho U seem 2 never really lose feelings for no matter how hard u try they jus have a piece of ur heart
Lily Allen is so cool y'all
Amy feel better.
Being sick totally stinks.
Hopefully you have someone close to take care of you....
If we don't realize that we change everyday we'll never realize we're always growing into who we're supposed to be.
Mike Tyson and Don King, part 2.
It could happen.
Our new blog is posted at www.ussportspages.com.
Alex forgot my birthday  I want chocolate strawberries 
The whole world is about three doctornks behind.
Haha that's what I thought!
:b
RT Thanks to all of you  in  out of uniform, past and present  who sacrifice so much so we can be free.
Thanks for the RT and yes its true!
Engagement differs b/w universities though some are doing a great but others could improve
it's a turn off!
i used to hate when the dj talked over the first part of the song, Lol!
: Liam: I once cried on a restaurant because the waitress told me i could not eat my soup with a fork.
I had to use spoon.
And just retweeted Thank you, Twitter.
Score polk county 3 orl 0 top of the 4th inning watch live  www.doublediamondbaseball.com at Bishop Field
or boring te he
Shoot today!!
:
Thanks for the mention!
you got mail
RT FOR A SHOUTOUT!!
MUST BE FOLOWING, I FOLLOW BACK!
:D
I vote Ashton Kutcher for Aaron Sorkin's Steve Jobs biopic!
I was so slaphappy at practice today..
Patricia Martin just gave a big shoutout to my local library Oak Park IL
You are a black doctorgon.
You are often misunderstood by people as dark or evil, but you're just introverted and prefer your time alone.
Nothing happens when you sit at home.
Go out, do something that will help you excel in any positive aspect of life.
any chance i can pick your brain tonight or tomorrow?
Get preapproved for financing before looking at homes.
Know what you can afford.
hey nick if we doo send u fan mail will u reply too them cuz my sis wants too know!!!!
email me!!
halfthegirl2011!
Just like that, two BigTen teams were eliminated.
Here's hoping Ohio State fares better tonight.
I want to teach a class on how to make it look like you checked a swing.
Wigginton is great at it.
Head down acting like nothing happened.
The last thing I want to do us hurt you Yeah but it's still on your list.
Looks like picture will be locked in less than 2 weeks.
submission will be a slightly better cut than
LOL.
She KILT it!
Thanks for the FF last week!
Don't tell me one thing then do another .
Hi!
We'd like to invite you to audition for TheMentorStudio, you'll meet producers and directors in a 12week programme!
Can't sleep so playing a bit of
Directioners Love One Direction Moms.
Anne.
Karen.
Jay.
Patricia.
Maura.
Thanks for giving birth to these 5 lads.
doctornk and going to bed 
Nope.
Because then they will think you are random, crazy, and awkward.
I wonder what Phineas  Ferb is doing tonight??
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs Brees has graham, colstain, sprolles, Ingram.
So much weapons
Uh oh
What is weird is most of us don't look at Emmis stations as competitorshence our surprise.
Money in same bucket, no?
Beer Pong starts tonight at 10pm.
10 registration fee and the first pitcher of bud light is 5.
Get your teams ready!
See you tonight.
I agree, why choose?
MT Strategic planning is out; scenario planning in?
Why do we have to choose?
Visit your local library and pick up a copy of The Geography of Bliss by Eric Weiner, this month's Reader's Den discussion!
The emails sent from an MPS account constitutes a violation of our policies, wrote an MPS official to WR.
that looks like a world of fun
he did not, but I love the pics from both of you the past couple days!
Who do you have in tonight's duel in the desert...
Sundevils or Wildcats?
Dear , please teach your flight attendants the difference between the and that.
That must be a specific object, not a class.
Thx!
If I won the Powerball tonight I would....be mildly enthused.
April 18, 1923 Yankee Stadium opens as the Yanks beat the Red Sox 41.
Babe Ruth hit the 1st Yankee Stadium homerun in front of 74,200 fans
Except ÜBER hot.
you handling your biz though.
When you back in the studio?
beg ur mom
why does it have to be so easy to buy things on Amazon?!?!
Thank you!!!
soon.
We are currently planning the wedding.
He has a busy schedule so its difficult.
;
I'm thinking more shortterm.
Today: until about 6:30.
Then until Friday, and my next vacation.
World domination will take longer.
these dudes sound jelly
Live Life Till The Fullest, Cause You Never Really Know What You Got, Till It's Gone.
I ain't the reason that you gave me no reason to return your call..I'm reactin to you because you left me brokenheartedTheWhiteStripes
Happy Thursday!
If you live in NYC and know someone who needs a makeover, nominate them today!
sucks for youu!;
NBA doctorft night BrooklynNets new logo will be unveiled JayZ really moved the Nets to Brooklyn
Yay dan  doctorw!
RT : Our new local ondemand show,Tricks of the Trade is ON!
Featuring the work of local company
Dont forget to buy our book only 4.99  www.createmoneyweb.com
: If you don't have common sense..you're in trouble with me.
requiredforinteraction Its was fun while it lasted!
who guesses x in hangman??????
Highest rates of gonorrhea in the U.S.
are among sex active teens and young adults  protect urself w/ condoms!
amen and now that my afternoon at pnclarkes has cleared the system I am ready to roll
haha u can do it!
I have great faith in u, let me know if u need help tho, i have an inside connection ;
Ha ha.
I bet you still ate the sandwich!
Bleu cheese, really good gin and tonics, and my kitties, Gemme and Ciao, are particular passions of mine
I'm being the good employee that I am, monitoring social media.
Isn t that in my job description?
For those who don't know we played a part in breaking 1000 dollar outfit by The Alumni
Baylor v Colorado next round?
5 years ago, this would have been a joke of a game in Big12 conference play.
Love you like my lover and my bestfriend
Only because it's 25 points added on my test grade.
I did
Why are you in Orlando....?
I think  I will be at your store for a KidLit Authors Club event on October 22.
I set it up with Tina.
Team Ryan!
who's with me?
;D
I want everyone to understand and live it: I value Customers
U think u could do some of Etta James?
I will work with u if u want...Cat!!!
I m clean boy I'm clean
In college it's called a dorm.
In Hollywood it's called a hostel.
Any recommendations for a good cloths doctorer?
gives me prices, but I want to know if I am buying good value
I agree!
He is the best!!
RT : S/O to !
He's awesome!
I miss Cody..
Girls who wear white shorts
TYVM!
Enjoyed our chat!
I wish a sound proof bubble would appear over my desk the minute I picked up the phone for a client call.
i am in columbus for work and won't be able to meet up this weekend :  frowny face
This bill will allow for a 270 cooling off period for jurors with regards to monetary compensation
IF YOU RT THIS THEN I KNOW YOUR A BFFL
It will be interesting to see how this forced small ball focused on ball movement woks against the Clippers bigs.
signed up to be a volunteer for the WI dirty girl run, haven't heard anything back...still need volunteers?
i think i have finally found that missing feeling again..
nah better yet i have def found it.
Be jelouse..
nut up or shut up!
Week 4 Hotel Foster Residency tomorrow with ,  Shane from Call Me Lightning.
Let's take it off the charts, yo!
It's only Tuesday and I am exhausted and ready for the weekend!
heading to Denver tomorrow to hang with my bestie/sistah and DANCE DANCE revolution!
I'm BACK, but I'm not Randy Quaid, and this is not Independence Day, LOL
you too :
Louis CK.
On Daily show now.
Brilliant.
Thunderstorms and movies.
Today can last forever.
So I'm not sleepy and gotta get up early
: oh and that's what she said!
lmao that was a good one
Appropriate that my new life path begins today, May The Fourth Be With You!
What the fuck did i just do??????
By your own efforts waken yourself, watch yourself, and live joyfully.
Wow....we havent come far from caveman days have we men?
Whats up with treating women dissrespectfully?
It must be an OC thing...
: oh figured you were with the G posse for mister edwards nope Chicago, city of lights!!!
We're hearing that last nights rain is causing some trouble on the roads this morning so make sure you are being extra careful out there.
In this dark world I'm so alone, can someone rescue me from my own?
So   I'm going to scream like a girl for a little bit and then faint.
I just encountered a snake in the back yard.
we like to call it being efficient with your time and getting you faster to beer and to speaking to our solution architects!
:
cant wait to see you in left field for the dbacks!
Lets win the West!
3: B/c to a want of correct information in reference to laws of life and health may infantile suffering and early mortality be attributed
Never fucking hated Asians more until right now.
I would like to have an Ipad or Samsung Galaxy tablet and an Iphone..but right now I'm content with what God has given me :
and then someone wished me a happy mother's day.
when i heard that song i was like woh!
its really good..but did u see what rihanna was wearing at the vma's lol different lol
Good girl.
Have some bourbon for me!
Stuck in Traffic!
Stupid boston traffic!
Fdoctors C avg enrollee added 20lbs  we need a New Deal now!
Hope U had one on National Choc Chip Day!
RT: i'm officially addicted to fudgedipped sunbelt granola bars!
should follow u back for that screaming endorsement!!
would!!!
They say he will be a lot like Sproles in the NFL and look at what the RBBC in New Orleans did for Sproles.
It's a game I've yet to win but I'm still all in.
I look like a boy on my Twitcon lol.
:/
Eating chia seeds  more veggies, making lunch, vitamins, exercising, more water, no booze.
Let's see how long this will last.
your toe is amazing just the way it is!
Pizza of the Week: Thai Chicken Pizza  Grilled Chicken Breast, Mozzarella Cheese and Peanut Sauce Topped w/ Fresh Vegetables
People stop ignoring me!
I'm just letting you know people are talking shit and starting rumors!!
Atleast it's Friday Could not wake up
yeah I know what you mean haha : that's why I love my car.
It's small :
Gravatar should include a byline / bio feature for authors.
Change your bio on multiple site at once.
Easier to keep updated.
OMG i know right it looks so good cant wait
I'm astounded by people who want to 'know' the universe when it's hard enough to find your way around Chinatown.
Woody Allen
don't use swear words on twitter.
Didn't RVB teach you anything!
Dude why won't you ever talk to me anymore I miss are convention: all because you found out that I like you...I hope someday will again:

Thanks for the ff.
always appreciated
Y A W N.
Who scheduled this game so early?
CLIPPERS look asleep, too.
WAKE UP and play ball!!
Sadly, LAUSD isn't on that list.
happy thanksgiving!!
Pizza oven is going and my tuna pizza is about ready!
hungry yet?
:
Going down to the Rodeo.
Wheres at?
Go time.
Sister is sick initiate washing hands every 10 mins, opening things w/ a hand covered in sleeve,  taking enough vitamin c for a rhino.
do not click the link in the dm.
our account was compromised.
everybody is sad when i'm in a good mood ;;
Send your Worldwide Winthrop Day pics to
LMKasprzak  CMC is MORE than three letters and will look at diffentriators for you.
I will miss seeing you at SPNHC this year.
Now you'll be the only one tweeting.
I love one direction 3 C:
AustinMahone:Hey girl, what do you say me and you get out of the Friend Zone?; A Fan : Yes ohemgee  Mahomies: OHMYMAHONE faints
A fearless and inspiring Afghan woman against Karzai AND the Taliban.
Thanks for sharing.
RT you have to go zen  JRE podcast.
Powerful life advice everyone should try.
I really want to see the lucky one!!!
So if u caught the girl you're with sporting the latest trend down therefeathers...would you stick around or scram?
Tough loss.
BS penalty.
Go B's!
Thanks so much, Joyce, and congrats right back at you, Steve!!
:
THANKS BOO
PubWkly on THE MURDERER'S DAUGHTERS, by psychologically complex characters make Meyers's debut a satisfying read.
Buy it.
RT : In the process of constructing a new beat website.
All artists/publishers/AR's following me, stay tuned!
Dex: 'Manuscript' is probably the classiest place to hide the word 'anus.' Me: Oh Geez Dex......
Really?
I didn't know that June Bugs hiss!
Someone wanna clean the doctormsticks for me??...I hate this part..lol..
Note to self: hide the doctorm pad and Spotify HONK!
playlist when 'working' from home.
I just found my Pokémon movie from forever ago!
OMG!
digging the knee highs Kat wonen
After living in LA for twenty years I should stop being shocked at how bad people are at doctorving/walking/being a human
so ready for a life where food family and fun is all I know
I hope you have such a great time!
Can't wait to see pics and hear all about it!
Tell Paws I said hello ;
I HAVE NO TIME!
: Would love to hear some to end my weekend, or start the week, rocking!
: Thanks Jen!
Allergy treatments  keep home and work areas clean, daily use of nasal steroid, oral antihistamine pills, Benadoctorl at night
omg yes it does I hate having to doctornk water for USound
The lifeguard asked whether Chita and I were wearing sunscreen, because we were so very pale.
Thank you...?
Michigan vs.
Illinois tonight at 6:00 on ESPN...Go Blue!
: Guuurl, naughty  RT : Slept thru boxing pretty bummed about it  
Waking up this early is so not my thing.
hey told me to tell u that she sent me .
Idk why but whatever
Go Freddy Couples!
3 under at the turn.
Great to see the legend still has it!
Now go check
no Chicago?!?
fuck yea.
How much for start up
You're a fast reader!
So glad the DWTS judges couldn't show their bias yet again with the stupid dance duel...
Goodbye roshon :D
Idk if they took video but I think they did not sure
dude, seriously..
you dodged a bullet.
bold statement brah!
just screen shot it niggah haha that's what I did cause it's on my iPod xp
: doctornk Halo was a bad choice.
False sounds like a throw back night..
Um, who cancelled a markup on this bill last year?
MT : That's great!
We're sorry you didn't bring it to floor while Speaker
I had a similar problem.
Turns out I was dehydoctorted pretty badly.
Have you tried slamming like a gallon of h20?
maybe he can be a guest on the Shalom bayis tour to revamp his career
6 hours in the air and the iPad still has 65 battery remaining.
Wow!

Hood Generals  da Mixtape in the streets if you need a copy get at me !
I shared Bieber's new song with my coworker ...
he hates to admit, but he likes it too, ha!
what a waste of time  money.
Kristi Neace a police wife who provides support and encouragement for wives of officers, has written about Police Suicide at KristiNeace.com
I have given some thought to onomatopoeias, but never done much more than that.
Thanks for your kind words!
The sun is back and so am I  the very reason I moved to La La Land!
i seriously need new friends, non fake ones preferably .
ones who live in California : lmfao
trynna hit the gym after school
much appreciated!
Happy 2012 to u
i need my car back.
Heavy D another good one gone
Excitement building at tff screening of doc.
Saw some of the kids I covered for
Would totally pick over mister Shue!!
Hey Izzo would be perfect coach 4 Team USA.
Like MK, universally respected.
Great tourney coach, key w/ quick turnarounds.
People need to learn to think for themselves and not follow what's cool...
hahaha absolutely love 3 def needed tonight to relieve stress lmao.
ONE MORE FINAL!
then home!
did you get a chance to vote
You should really patch global warming in mw3 way fuckin overpowered GOD DAMN POLAR BEARS
Ill prob shoot myself b4 tonight is over..
Haha no but rlly lmao
so what did Lisa think about the seance that Kyle had.
Thanks for the RT!
Empanadas y sangria sound better than what's actually for dinner tonight.
:
Yeah unless u beat the smart outa him.
ok, now that is on Andoctorid, how many more of you can I follow?
When people tweet about you ...
yay!
finally registered for improv class at
MA student Ellen Defossez's paper The evolving media discourse on gender and depression accepted at ICA 11
For the first time ever i can honestly say that im all alone.
i have no family that has my back and it sucks.
Text Columbusdeals to 90210 to receive a text blast of our latest deals and be entered into our prize doctorw coming up in just 4 days.
hopefully papi , hopefully I'm tryna straighten up my life  make turn arounds you feel me
That was the most fun I ever had without laughing.
Denver is what the knicks could have been if they didn't trade for melo  let him come to ny in free agency
O.O wow...
there are no words
I been neglecting my twitter acct.
My bad.
I just been grinding.
Explore for July 13, 2009  My Blog
When all's said and done, all roads lead to the same end.
So it's not so much which road you take, as how you take it.
their relationship was strange in the first place.
they play bro and sis on the show, so they always have love scenes with other ppl
i support gay marriage.
who cares if two men or women want to get married?
who are we to dictate how somone feels about another?
RT Had a wonderful lunch at City Tavern.
Franklin Chicken  delicious!
Jessica is not only a fine server but a superb historian.
i feel like the borg are trying to assimilate me...
South Beach Tow marathon.
This show is a riot..
Alright sounds good!!
Is there a website or anything?
Do you golf ever?
If so, I can get you a UW connection down in Houston...
Happy Mother's Day!
I will never understand how people can like Eminem and One Direction at the same time....
I think I missed that phase.
Now they seem to focus only on dumb cookoffs and on promoting certain chefs
ExpertVisibilityTip: What are the primary goals of your website's home page?
If you can't tell from looking at it, that is a problem.
Tiger isn't missing the cut, he's just darkhorsin' it.
Chris Brown3
Gonna be signing up for a TurboKick class this quarter with Kristin.
So excited!
Another day of school  Summer just hurry up already!
Happy mother's day!!!
Your welcome Matt!
Have an awesome day!
really?
What time is it where you are?
I will never forget saying girls take shots better because they give head !
you caught me, I gotta start following your blog more closely :
hope you hit up the urban outlet while you were here!
socheap maybe its good i dont live here...
YES.
I also need an errand person to run and get me more ice for my water also to make me some fucking cookies.
8days until my birthday.
:
I see things differently now, step on me, I'll get back up.
Try to talk to me like your smart, I'll sound smarter ;
Politics  Facebook don't mix well.
No questions are wrong to ask....
It's the tone they are asked that can result in a wrong answer.
follow me maybe?,
hope ya'll can make it to tomorrow!
Invite more!
I look WAY too good today to have nothing to do!
haha
Is being so embarrassed by the complexity or mass of my food order that I ONLY order online a red flag that I just shouldn't order it?
lol, just 15 months.
He liked the ocean in FL a couple weeks back but we are still working on baby swim class :
Did anyone get anything cool for Christmas?
There are men who think that?
Seems a little condescending to me.
On hold with Comcast for 15min for them to spend literally 30sec telling me they'll reload the OnDemand database in 45min.
where does it say you can't?
Have you actually read the document yourself?
I feel as if I keep tweeting but I'm not getting more
it was an accident but he is gonna change it in the morning.
But I can still iMessage you
and of course a FF to the most kickass Dude ever,
My nanny is so hyper its so funny
Ask for a dedicated IP...
like 5 month
Hey you, yeah YOU.
Stop sitting around  saying I never meet Austin Mahone because you WILL.
you have to believe first.
Trust me.
Flight Deals from American
private party tomorrow, maybe as a warm up for show should be a fun weekend
Working on Easter means I have to miss He Is Risen Ham and Resurrection Rice Pilaf.
Global youth service day 
cant find jesshica..well well i don't really want to....
Then I saw a whole lot of dots and stripes painted by Roy Lichtenstein upclose.
Nope, not The Man.
Just don't have the time this season due to travel schedule
still in the studio with going stupid!
Lol
yes i want my sister back
Oh gosh.
That sounds awful!!!
Haha, now that's quite the combination : Cheers!
Oh look!
Favre's wife AGAIN!
follow me pls!
:
That time I listened to a cover of The Strokes' Reptilia by the Punch Brothers and fucking loved it.
ItsTimeForYouToRealize One Direction is more than perfect .xx
Always start with coffee.
Facebook ads: fb designs the better performing the ad the lower the cost per click
It's a Classic Rock kind of day.
I want a mini piñata for my cube!
People already assume I'm Mexican anyway.
IfITellYou that you are beautiful would you believe me?
3
Summer coming..I'm not goin nowhere before 8 o clock...
I feel like a sleepy bear.
u is da Man Jay I'm forever
Congrats, Seb!
API great choice projectbyproject.
Yet how to scale to integration of 100s of museums?
eating all the candy I can get my hands on before I get my braces Tuesday.
yes, it's a great excuse.
Congratulations to ALL the parents out their with childoctorn graduating college or high school in the weeks  months to come.
Job well done.
DepressingSitcoms I Loathe Lucy
Thanks Steve!
Hypeie Hump Day!
Hope your week is going well.
havent watched freaky friday in forever
Thanks for the RT!
I love being able to answer questions for people.
Asking myself what am I waiting on in life?
It doesn't matter how old you are.
if a balloon is about to hit the floor you dive for that shit!
Peter Keller, survivalist suspected of killing his wife and kids, dead in suicide Peter Keller spent eight years carving his hole in the
focus let's find some solid tech talent in Philly
WhooHoo!
We can't wait to see all of you!
RT : Last half day!
Hittin' up Monicals after school...gonna be goin' to town on the...
Thanks for all the RTs and FFs!
And coming from one of the most underrated DTs in the league, that's saying something.
they make Portland look bad!
Little cousin:  I don't like the moron test, it's boring because I'm smart!
you guys will be the first people I send tthem to!
look who made it.
Heurica!
Finally, lets start/continue to virtually talk to ourselves and pretend we have friends!
installing RAM all day long.
Need to make your computer faster?
Call me to install come RAM!
idk I thought u sold it to Justin??
Lol
i hope zoe  you ok.
He's still working on me...
Turning 21 doctornking doesn't even cross my mind.
But the Burlesque shows I can finally go to :.
Gonna play gears all weekend anyway getting early access to ForcesOfNature would only make it better
Divorce yourself from sin .
after yesterdays epic fail in NorthCarolina, we really needed President Obama's declaration today
Off to florida be back on the 24th.
Thanks in advanced for the bday wishes yall.
Happy Mother's Day :
Great QA session going on with the students and !
Up next is rehearsal with the
Raining at the office, perfect time for pizza..
:
Of course when I log off after trying a million times to get Peyton to tweet me, he logs back on and tweets a bunch of other people 
nope.
Just the product of restless nights and nonsleeping childoctorn and only being able to access the world through digital means
please please please 4th night tweeting
And the winner is...Patron Saint in round 2 of HardoctorckRising  four more bands next Thursday for final spot in finals on 3/29
Always a silver lining in everything.
Just felt an earthquake
Is it bad that my muchloved Halston bag is so heavy it set off the fasten seatbelt notification in my car, which has a weight sensor?
;
One audition down, lots of copy.
Nailed it!
Boom!!
One more and I'm ready to bring it!
Thanks for follow
Nervous for tomorrow.
D: hope it goes well!
I need to gossip with zsazsa 

Go and follow she play in JONAS LA!
justin doesnt like girl bashes who bash girls hes aganist that there for he dsnt like you
just shut up
9112001 i was on 5th Ave looking at the unbelievable horror and i saw a big open truck of volunteers racing to help worry on their faces
I wonder if I'll catch METX 210 while at Roosevelt/Canal Thursday afternoon.
I sure do hope that it shows itself.
BIG THANKS for hosting last night event!
Congratulations to for being our 200th follower!

Ceilings and vents.
I live a fastpaced lifestyle.
Beautiful craftsmanship is exciting!
Hi Glen!
He believes that crossringbook can be the key to bringing new understanding to the world we live in.
How About You Stop Being Stuck Up !!
So Stfu !
thunder need to hurry up and put this in the bag, i need rest yawn
I wish I had a private jet so I could get to places faster!
where do you get your clothes at I love your style RT back plz
well except for Carlos who works there!
He's awesome!!!!
Odd fact: 551dayold is worth 1 billion.
116yearold NewYorkTimes Co.
is worth 967 million.
What's wrong with this pic?
Good night c:
No matter what I do I ALWAYS find my way back to him!!!
Yoplait Yogurt  yummy 
no thrones!!
Romney is for the Wealthy, because he get Campaign  from them, so he can ruin the Middle Class!
Do what makes you happy!!!
Love youu!!
Finally got to watch Hugo.
You should, too.
And do so in 3D, definitely.
Hear they come to snuff the Rooster.............
Hey wait!!
I'm the ROOSTER!!
I wonder which country I'll move to if Rick Santorum becomes President.
Gosh you're gorgeous, I wish you were all mine..
walked to school like a boss :
wow so the place from the movie is really true?
I remember it being a Lyons Brothers property, but they sold off a lot of their businesses.
I'm manning up, Imma hold my ground, I've had enough, now I'm so fed up, Time to put my life back together right now
you want it thinner!?
:O I like mine thick :P lmao 3
Where might I find updated information on the XLit Initiative?
Not all our artists are playing a joke on the public.
Some are genuinely mad...
Is it weird Im contemplating buying something i just found in a bookstore that a twitter friend of mine that I never met IRL would love?
so ready for the weekend
YES!!
and we will get together more soon.
I am looking at some dates and will send to you guys shortly:
what the fook?
Our phones no bueno taco nacho!
I text u and er when am I going to see ya
If I do get Raptured, I want to be able to start humming the Plimsouls' Million Miles Away afore I go.
Giants covered!
Oh yeah!
I agree, but as I've used the kindle more and more I realize that the convenience and ease of use mean I'm reading more.
S/O to I'm so proud of you
go to subways lol
make sure you answer the question from my last tweet to enter :
Early bed, early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise.
BenjaminFranklin CREAM 
Hell yea!
Lets do this!
Lol!
:
Feels good, Guess I'm Lucky...
Beerfest!!!!
Let's get this party started!!
I don't care what anyone says about Foreigner.
I loved them then and I love them now.
Hi there!
Are you referring to the XChange software and your MacBook Air?
Feel free to DM me to discuss further!
Don't rely on someone else for your happiness and self worth.
only you can be responsible for that.
If you can't love.
Our staff loves your cupcakes!
If only we could captainre the amazing sweet smell and place it in our office!:
Women in 250 cities working as leasing agents and all talking at the same time about their tenants on social media and pointing
You can learn more by watching BIG BANG THEORY than from most of whats on HISTORY, PBS, DISCOVERY, AE combined, sadly.
uhmm do you no my mom lmfaoo
apples, candy and chips.
I pretty much like any thing.
What about you?
Since when does serving people mean that your name has to be all over everything?!!!!
Heat fuckin round already
'08 Presidential Election,55 of Blacks ages 1824 voted.
Was an 8 increase compared to '04.
Blacks had the highest turnout in this group.
Them cool kids
follow my personal
Hehehe, for her sake, let's hope so.
;
Ok, looks like a have 1k I need to come up with another 1k now
i know i miss you guys too we are good im picking angel up this weekend hopefully i will see you then
If I follow u and u dnt follow back I will unfollow u I dnt give a fk if yous a star or not lol
Oh...
okay!
: RT : 5 Mondays: Create your Pork sandwich, 5 all day, choose your roll, spread  toppings!
nice work
There is something changeless and timeless about the message of the Lord Jesus Christ.
you should just look in your magazines and whatevers cute cut it out and stick it on your collages
everones beautiful in their own little way
Territorial squabbles between commuters at busy bus stop cracking me up.
Chill y'all!
Tunein.com is unbelievable  extensive radio station listing, and very intuitive design.
Now, how to get this to work in my car?
What questions do you have about staying on track with selflove?
Send them to if you want them answered!
Most people tiptoe through life, hoping they make it safely to death
Seeing lots of tweets from local SD eateries that will be closed to celebrate Thanksgiving.
Be sure to call head if you're eating out!
Really psyched for Prometheus.
Perhaps a gwj screening is in order?
Quick Fact: The circumference of a full size Pringles can  you know, the tall one  is approximately the same as its height.
Cute Wit It.
Sometimes, sorry starts to lose its meaning
I will try to tweet some pictures of it; also one group is doing a video that I will post if I get their permission.
go pbl!
I gotta start making some Yankees videos again
Me too i got 1 new follower lol
studio session success!!!
Sexy shades to match your S E X Y face33
Even though your 18 month old speaks just a few words, he knows about 50 and is learning more everyday.
you laughing at me bro ?!
hey Mike!

Ouch!
I've fallen down my fair share of stairs.
No fun.
Not my walkway, not my problem.
That's what I say.
This is the true nature of home  it is the place of Peace; the shelter, not only from injury, but from all terror, doubt and division.
fuck a bitch , im trying to get paid .
FOLLOWERS CHECK OUT THE REAL DMONEY NO COUNTERFEIT MIXTAPE ON
come on over there's plenty :
Today was just awful.
What about a hit show about a cult?
Big Love comes to mind.
If anyone cares I'm Migrating over to as my New Twitter account.
Make Note or you'll miss out on me talking about My Lunch
Miss you
Wanna change my username uh òó
Should rap I bet he would be freakin awesome at it!!!
;
monthpasscantbuy quality healthcare, but it is going to buy us a new mayor and health commissioner.
Ranch is my favorite horse doctorssage.
Or olive oil and vinegar.
I hate when I send the text message to the wrong person
Who do I have to kill for some followers
500th checkin at on I was expecting balloons and confetti to start falling.
Avoid using LOL at all cost  its cliche, trendy  doesnt suit a NFL player.
Some of us aren't made to have mentors.
I'm sure not.
I doubt you are.
.
brings a whole new meaning to the slogan Virginia Is For Lovers, doesn't it?
tomorrow we will, we can't go out tonight!
walk underneath the Sky the Creator created, breathing in his rich summer air, all while expelling the harsh
...also, we don't make nearly enough songs about wizards featuring the six string bass guitar anymore.
The MacPherson Group is now on TweetMyJobs.com!
Check us out and get hired!
C'mon Barves, let's win this one!
Why don't you get it?
I don't know how to explain.
Please read my mind.
Tackle your weight loss goals with Hollywood Elite Trainer Max The Body
Hello everyone!
did u pop a fart
Sports live today from Camp Randall.
It's Day One of Badger camp.
On Wisconsin!
BTW, if you're headed to TN, why haven't you made a trip to N.VA?
Your kids haven't been to WashDC
that's not what ya moms said when she was listening to 'em last nite.
She said I BEAT pretty good fam ;
We have new prices, new hash, and new hash pipes.
Having trouble coming back to blogging.
I only want to discuss activism.
To use my camera as a journalistic rather than artistic tool.
can't tell you how awesome that is to hear.
Posters are at the printer!
Squeee!
: received a spam PM from you..think you were hacked :
you're not on facebook at all?
I thought you were exaggerating
it's a grand Salome
idk where the fuck he is.
Only reason were letting Pesonen come is because he said doctornks are on him tonight.
me too
goldfish have reasonable memories.
Trout, on the other hand.
what do the voices in the heads of people that were born deaf sound like?
Sometimes I care too much.
Need to be on that fbgm status.
Open seating on ???
It's about to get a lil hungergames on my flight
the fruit?
LSU will roast the hogs but if they lose bama will b out.
Voters shouldnt put bama ahead cuz we beat 'em.
Rematch!
Lost my voice...
Again...
RT : IT'S OFFICIAL ..
University of Denver joins the Western Athletic Conference the WAC in 2012.
Great new challenges ahead!
ill tell you later haha
Hey I'm from San Diego, too!!!
Heck yeah.
buddy u got me in big trouble lol
The past few days have been tough.
Not that it's new, but they've been worse!
Because you get to see Jenny and Paige during commercials...
:
Anyone know of some relatively moderate price places to go to please let me know.
Thx!
I just want to hold her and let her know that she is loved and that everything will be fine
Try it out sometime.
Serious fun.
doctorg and doctorp video/pic clips into template.
I need to do one for our adoption professorle!
:
Haha I'm really just jealous.
Shhh
Had the most amazing cream of crab soup and wonderful service from the owner of Nacho Mama!
Larry Strickling : Fighting piracy not more important than protecting online privacy.
White House not pushing SOPA II
Oh, you.
; My favorite show right now and forever is CBS Sunday Morning because i'm really a 70 year old woman.
how do you get tickets on line?
A5pt2: i also hate when i hear myself saying um or like  i try to avoid it but i still say it  then also yell at myself
Great study material for the LEED GA exam at www.leedvisual.com
Thanks!!!
Have a great day!
Eagles doctorft DT Fletcher Cox with the 12th pick in the
Wearing baseball pants to practice
I'm sorry!
Soon it will be over and we will be dancing.
Right?
Step 4: Start with one small thing.
Hyperfocus, commit and give it your all.
9PM EST Its going down  www.umeuscloth.com New Jewelry.
New UC Family.
FREE SHIPPING this weekend only.
// Authentic Streetwear
Despite his appearance, the moil sure could move fast after I tried to play Duran Durans Union Of The Snake at the bris
up the punx
Have a nice start of week with
I hear we have a show on Saturday
ROTFLMAO!
Nice one.
:
I went to sonic and they were closed so I had to settle for this crap
wow, what a bold/stupid thing to say.
I'm impressed.
Who coined the term spurt ability in basketball?
10 away from 100.
Anybody want to help me?!
:
Taking a boring class at night is fucking torture.
I just wanna go home and masturbate
You knew who I was when I walked in the door.
You thought that I was dead.
Well, I am dead....
D.O.A.
by Tim Dlugos.
RT : Amazon missed a crowdsourcing goldmine by not doing Mechanical Turk mobile apps.
Microwork on the toilet.
Gibraltar is a key ingredient.
I love all our close uppers!!!
if that's even a word!!!
Dobson's is the perfect spot to enjoy dinner before a show, or doctornks after.
Downtown San Diego, next to Horton Plaza.
ill be there at some point.
Save me a seat on your face.
microchip wristbands  2 hour lines?!?!
Are you serious?
Bouta have a nice dinner wit the family tonight .
That's where I was for Stewart.
Would love 2 see your talent applied to promoting humanism.
Have U considered song lyrics?
Interesting 2 see poetic progress.
And it's bonding time at the Stylitics office!
Hopefully our style smarts will translate into group trivia...
Group trivia.
Smarter.
good luck !
wish u the best
watch pranked, the best pranks are on that show!
Wow those lines across the bust are really ugly.
and she can't give an interview.
Shut up, burps!
got to admit annoying mandel segment was funny.
Know you're going to miss him
Do an Irish jig!
Get a Large 3Topping pizza, 9.99 all day.
Wash it down with some green beer, 2.99 for a 20oz.
Counting the seconds until the Devils win and Hartnell takes a run at someone/crosschecks someone in frustration.
WE HAVE A CHOICE.
IT'S NOT ABOUT BIRTH CONTROL.
JOIN PRESIDENT OBAMA IN HIS FIGHT 4 BASIC FAIRNESS 4 ALL AMERICANS!
I'm at Miller park today!!!
Hopefully I can run into :
i'm sick...and badly sick, remember?!
lo siento I'll be back tomorrow
Happy Birthday 3
YAYYY!!
bro its gonna be so much fun.
haha we gonna play just dance three ;
God is so amazing goodnite twitter
thanks.
That's what I'm talking about!
good.
I need math help.
Lolololol
Gov.
Scott Walker's campaign says he has raised more than 25 million since January 1, 2011.
Wow.
If I don't follow , why the hell is he BLOWING UP MY FEED.
Hubby is coming home with lunch he is making up for this morning for sure!
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash WB Beltline between South Towne and John Nolen.
Right lane blocked.
Use caution.
Nice.....RT : Tim Lincecum and SFGiants have a verbal agreement on a twoyear contract.
GOOD TO HAVE YOU HERE AS WELL..WE'RE ALL WORLDWIDE NOW PEEPS..F/S..
Wow even though attending sxswedu was last minute and having to work it around my work prep for sxswi I am very glad I did!
You have to take risks.
We only understand the miracle of life fully when we allow the unexpected to happen.
Paulo Coelho
lmao college to extra time in
Felt like I was cheating a little when I had that donators veggie pizza last night but it really tasty.
What a treat!
keep your head up.
You're passionate, can't say that about most people.
Thank you We look forward to meeting you!
Can't wait for the Grand Opening on the 4th!
I was being sarcastic, I don't think there ever will be a moment of silence for the murdered Israeli athletes
Sick.
I think I prefer the stereo edition
Lets do that tomorrow tho
New icon...
Does it really work?
I heard some notorious singles saying they'd never do it again.
Good Morning people!
Everyone have a blessed day!
CHILD ART CONTEST!
Were looking for original artwork from childoctorn enrolled in Project Lifesaver!
Email !
Misdelivered items account for .006 of delivery.
That's amazing!
WHY IS CHRIS BIEBER TRENDING?
one of my guy followers completely slags justin  beliebers off and then expects a follow from him?
lolololol no.
So if I text someone I expect an answer back it'saRespectThing
Currently on the third infusion of some high mountain Taiwanese Oolong..
Hitting the spot today.
Not to jinx myself or anything...but I do believe my quest for a real weekend is a success!
BlackParentsQoutes I brought you into this world and I WILL take you out!
Party continues on New Year's Day beginning at 8am  Prosecco or House Bloody Mary toasts  FRESH Dungeness Benedicts 12.99.
Cheers to 2012
pretty sure you can't.
Doesn't work for those who work 90 hrs Only those who work 2 hrs and are hung over or crying
so u dont like yourself then?
who's your favorite unknown artist?
After more than eight hours of debate, Vikings stadium bill passes the Minnesota House on a 7358
RT : I'm at enjoying a beer from their killer selection.
If it's wrong to love you; then my heart just won't let me be right.
what you know about that?
T.I voice lol
My penis can be such a dick
you tried to grab 's CD from me on Coldwater last week.
PLEASE find her.
She's a gift you could give everyone.
So sick...fainting on subway  embarrassing...hate today
Seriously, folks sitting on the floor  hanging from the pipes, which has to be uncomfortable.
Suffice to say: good crowd for
aww thanks!
Blushing.
Wait until the fall you won't believe your ears!
Dietitians Dish: Arthritis, nutrition39;s role
Decided to put in an order for the books on Amazon.
Thanks!
could use some howls in the DMC on Saturday!
Excellent.
Let's plan on connecting.
Safe travels.
happy birthday  HappyBirthdayPrinceRoyce 
Make The Right Choice TeamSU!!
Let's go to War for SU!!!VOTE
For really really realuhh
Team Lion: Rrrraaww!
Just visited a farm with a deep connection to place.
Inspiring to see a family farm that is honoring its past by building a bright future.
Agreed ; we posted our menu earlier and I dont think it's G free
aw well yea I'm excited and its on my birthday :D
RT : A4: sit in front of my webcam with lots of lamps light on face...
I try to keep vids under 2 minutes
Adventure film for grad students: Theory Paper: Endgame.
Starring Christopher Lambert and Krusty Krab.
Think about it.
did not get into Fringe this year...
but never fear!
We've got lots in store for 2010!
Stay tuned!
I just wish I got more calls from recorded messages of people running for office...
Love it!
could be best Kentucky team ever if we can pull it all off.
Nothing better than repping that blue Kentucky across the chest!
Two words: Animal Fries
And they've invaded the pitch in Manchester!
That was the most remarkable morning of soccer EVER!
Are you ready to boldly go where no man has gone before at the Final Perk Wednesday night?
20ThingsAboutMe 5.
I'm a lefty.
What did people do before we had soap?...
I bet they used a lot more disposable dinnerware back then.
A lot of people get impatient with the pace of change.
James Levine
Four things a woman should know: How to look like a girl, How to act like a lady, How to think like a man, And how to work like a dog.
Just saw at Citizens Bank Park.
Thanks for the RT :
We're doing another March Madness contest this year.
More details later today.
: Legally doctornk away the pain.
oh believe me I've had a good couple of doctornks while baby sitting
You said someone threw her in the trash can?
I want some more hot cheetos :
I meant bedtime.
No bedtime.
: : I'm not doctorvin u gotta bring it ok sis I'm fina hit ya.../cool thanks bring ASAP
haha, i like to pretend i am
It would be selling in your area to collectives, head shops, boutiques, nutritional shops, at farmers mkts, concerts, etc.
actually catching the replay now.
Love the I'm gonna call him what his momma call him line
Oh for sure!
ThinkLikeAMan was a pleasant surprise4real.
Soon i may be asking u to support my movies :
Gucci bicycle kim riding on Nicki...
Prada bag pack lil kim mountain climbing on nicks garbage...
Queen bee 101 kim teach nicki how floss !!
A big HOLLAR going out to my gal pals at Blue Cross in Montana!
Miss you all and think of ya often.
Have a great day!
I wouldn't wish poison ivy on my worst enemy.
Unless we're talking about Hitler or Cobra Commander.
In that case, I hope they wipe with it.
I miss u.
And I dnt care who know cause its true and I wish I could have 1 more and I promise I'll get it right :D
What holiday movies do you make sure you watch every year?
Back from vacation in St.
Thomas and can I just say I am
everyday is back up your data day to us in the wonderful world of IT :
Success is a mindset
u know jus how to brighten my day!
Friends liked my red hair...
success!
Ecovisualization should be applied to electric bills; a connection to the energy we consume needs to be established whatsakW?
At Photo Center NW: Proof of Homosexuality in Nature is a mustsee!
big mac.
Big Mac.
BIG MAC!
Now  McD's, Big Mac Sandwiches are Buy 1 Get 1 Free.
This is worth raising your voice about.
skip my tweet :
is getting ready to rake some leaves, then run kids around to football and soccer practices while I try to get in some exerciseSB
always be measuring.
On the phone ;
David T.
Wolf Idealism is what precedes experience cynicism is what follows.
Come warm up with our soup of the day hearty cream of chicken with rice.
Or maybe our homemade tomato bisque.
hes cool no charges
Create Something Today!
Hugs if you can handle them, an offer to acquire advil if you can't.
Feel better?
It feels good 2 hear some1 say Take care.
But it feels so much better 2 hear some1 say I will take care of u.
I am now: re
automated message about Steelers books can suck a fat one.
Being a Steelers fan is about as impressive as learning how to hear.
We lose more of our troops to suicide, than we do in battle.
Please send your stories to Laura at
This Friday 12/16, doctorp by Someday Lounge for the Epic WINter Formal, brought to you by !
We're bringing games!...
the idea for this show has gone too far.
even guys who have nothing doctorw the line somewhere.
.
Oh, I know not all is free.
But seems like slow uphill battle to convince consumer that GOOD content is worth paying for online.
I fear there is nothing but the special protection of Heaven which can save Arlington from ruin.
I just mentioned Underoath in my paper.
I should probably go to bed now seeing as this is probably going in the wrong direction now
Hello David, Describe what it's like CoAnchoring the 9  10 PM TV Newscasts for Q13 Fox in Seattle?
I think my grandfather just set up a twitter account.
Interesting.
At least my Lutherans got it right.
Things have gone from bad to worse: the Caribbean cover band outside work is playing Fur Elise.
I think you're up past your bedtime
Free rentals this Thursday.
Just head to their facebook page for the promo code.
What would you like for your birthday?:
Will be back to my computer soon...
Can you please send me a link?
Also is your homepage configured like the demo?
Sometimes I just want to end everything.
I lose the motivation to try anything.
And right now I want to just pick up a razor and cut...
Get the fuck out of my business
You are huge in Weston.
Shouts to on SongoftheYear!
I heard R Kelly has a tutorial video.
have you made any cocktails with Jin Ja?
It's a delish ginger doctornk and I want to mix it with things!
Lying in bed still, just thinkin how many Democratic  Republican House Members  staff I have bagged in 'da bedoctorom
52 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five.
Go Jollymen !!
we'll have to organize a get together
I sure hope I don't have any LINt on my shirt
The Kanye singles are as if David Simon started making multi camera sitcoms with a laugh track.
He's fully capable but it feels trivial.
Yes, you do!
; Are you following me?
How did you know that I was even on Twitter/High School revisited?
they say the best things in life are free lovedontcostathing :
Is there really any better date than watching finals?
L.O.V.E.
Barbie: Will I see you again?
Ken: Ill see you tonight, in my doctorams.
Toy Story 3
Headed out for doctornks and dancing with some hot friends tonight.
2day is Awkward Moments day.Here's to hoping you didn't wake up w/a Leprechaun next to you  not knowing how they got there
yeah dude, we gonna skate?
Go cop that shit!!!
I haven't heard from in a while.
I hope he's doing good.
SLA is the only school where you can hear fighting in the hall and ask, What are they filming?
wow it's been so long!
because you barely use twitter and I retweet like a fiend.
Also I was already aware that I'm a horrible person.
Downloaded security vision for iPad.
Pretty cool.
Looking fwd to implementing
taqueria ripon be rockin' all the selena hits right now.
of course im singing along.
I couldn't either!
you spamming
no darlin, you're the best spontaneous date!
So inspired by you!
RT : Yes!
RT : It's Shop Local Saturday!
Just do it!
Here are some suggestions for things you can do during these first few makeorbreakyourspeech moments:
NO ONE CARES
Let me know when they come out.
I'm a fellow doctormmer who also does covers.
I speak my mind because it hurts to bite my tongue.
Melo need to go for 40 just so this game can be interesting
I'll take that type of tech from Nene
Your just a boy you dont understand
An MT is a modified tweet.
You use it if you need to change, add to, or shorten a tweet that you are retweeting.
apparently 'cup code' is something from the early days.
Flipping cups over meant decaf, logo forward meant Capp.
Fuck me running!
:
check your dms?
thanks for the follow.
Please check out my new blog for legal professorssionals; www.paralegalilluminati.com
I've got them if you'd like to borrow No.
1.
Ah!
Cellular saturation at nytm.
Please give us wifi !!!
Exciting news on some phone apps.
Stay tuned, as we have been taking down your suggestions to make renting an instrument even easier!
Ratigan and Gregory......My soul is damage when I see or hear them fuckers...
I love and all, but I would rather watch Jersey Shore than sit through that movie just to see the boys.
:/ Sorry.
Excited to go to Stone Fly Brewery tonight for Rehorst cocktails and some local brews!
Ever made a grilled cheese with PollyO sticks?...
nope?
Me neither.
Ha..
the seats on this bus are so comfortable.
I really want one just like this for my house.
The Grey was awesome sauce.
Contraband, Martha Marcy May, Take Shelter, doctorve all at Redbox
BRING YOUR BEHIND DOWNSTAIRS MA'AM....I NEED TO LAUGH
At work feeling like going to bed thanks Precious
Disadvantage 6 of having a deskjob: all this busyness doesn't seem to be turning into business
Clear2Go bottles w/ filters make excellent holiday gifts!
Use promo code C2G2WIN at checkout on www.Clear2O.com for 3 off!
..lol I got you this sweet ass tshirt w my face on it!
Says My favorite bartender :p
Delusions of grandeur make me feel a lot better about myself.
Jane Wagner
Blessed are the forgetful, for they get the best even of their blunders.
R U talking 2 Me 
was dope today : too bad he lost 500 lol
i havee never been more cold before this moment.
do you know what the top camera used on Flickr is?
hint: stevejobs made it
Visit Flying Pie Pizzeria in all Portlandarea locations today...
15 of all proceeds go to the BFT Foundation, helping kids.
Yes!
Thank you!
Gonna chk some of those out...
Totally agree!
RT : good point.
hence why it is refreshing finding clients that are looking ahead.
Where are my Hot and Sexy Miami mami's?
Good morning!
Anyone headed out to Summerfest today?
cute icon :P
men's flats are called loafers
Dam this girls gettin it!
SheWorkOut!
Dinner break of Irish Open, down to 11kish from 20k at amazing table.
icriedwhen they stopped airing the rugrats when i was young!
I'm thinking again of the dogs and the last of their sticks.
lol u got a cellphone no homo tho?
I can't sleep now, I shouldn't have tooken a 4 hour nap:/
..
will be releasing her 1st single The Look off of her debut CD December 14, 2010 www.cdbaby.com.
The foolish, greedy, and unjust always misuse and abuse power; consequently, they always lose power!
Svenson Hair boss indicted for fraud  Taipei Times
Whaaaa, seriously?
Rum balls?
Really?
Rum Balls?
Yup, 2 for 3 They reek of booze Yup.
I'll take four, for here.
Wow so many tweets to read I love it!
But..
I gotta get some work done too!
Thanks for the follow all my tweet friends!
Do I think Kobe's hurt?
Yes.
Do I think he's also using this injury as an opportunity to tell Andoctorw Bynum he needs to grow up?
Absolutely.
love your photos!
very inspiring!
New subs in my room:
Not going to get followed by but hopefully one day
no was meant to fly back this week but had to postpone as i hurt my knee again last week.
Going to any other gigs ?
X
I got your back.
History major for two years!
thank you :
Dedication: RAYMOND TRUJILLO, We love and miss you and we carry you in our hearts everyday.
Your family
Michael B.
Horn quote from APR20 webinarAll students learn, not on the same day and in their own way.
Interesting idea: Create a virtual IT coffee shop to stay connected professorssionally and personally.
If your in the DFW tell your followers about us!!!!!!
awww!haha so cute!
i cant wait till belly can talk to me more!
hopefuly Andy can get his life together and email her.
lol
Are Ya gonna go my way?!
SWEET!
Need advice on packing for ala11  I'll be job hunting.
Shouldn't doctorss too casual, right?
I want to look professorssional.
No shorts or sneaks
that was plain delightful
wouldn't that require a universally agreed on definition of not crap?
is in the midst of finalizing production contracts and finishing up some loose ends on the Jazz Fest...
But very thankful for good friends..
Thanks for retweet!
I can't wait for all of Selly's new movies.
I learn by referring to it as somethin else.
Which is sometimes bad.
My memory is awful.
Wow thank you for using my phone for those stupid tweets!!
What is order when the world is so chaotic?
How can I be American and stay Patriotic?
Influence the young and brain wash the elders
seriously!!
I'm in Mayfair for inspection needing coffee and refuse DD
For where?!
Good luck!
yep in weight!
Check my TL and watch the footage of my lil cuz at DT.
until a show is cancelD, it is filler because they got nothin' better.
Girls is not going down as a hit
No Patron please...on a Lap Dance Body strict regimen but I will Jam hard taking advice
ahahahahahahahahahaha oohhhgosshhhh!
.......
my in the car with my mom...
Oh she says hi.
I love the debate, I just wish the WHAT WG wasn't so quick to brush aside what is the doctorstically more popular choice.
Um...
why did you unfollow me from ?
She's my bestie and I'd never do such a thing!
OH  Guy on Phone in store: Your Facebook posts are pathetic.
YOUR FACEBOOK POSTS ARE PATHETIC!
I was surprised, and very happy, to see Lisa Lampanelli leave Celebrity Apprentice last night.
Who would you like to see win?...
: All of Me Oscar Peterson.
I meant tap fav!
If me and yu were WE what would it be like 3
I'm getting ready to record an interview with YNN on the Goodwill Goes Green program.
The best part of waking up is crack in my pipe.
RT : Dammit, people, use  reply links properly so a link shows up in your response.
It's too hard to eavesdoctorp otherwise.
Thanks for the RT ;
Our refrigerator is broken.
And I thought no Wifi made me anxious.
Novel forms / once all the rage / are now the norm
That last tweet was regarding Pierce.
remember, you have to put fires out from now on, not use them to cook g's of p.
at least not on the job.
quotes travel explore A man travels the world in search of what he needs and returns home to find it.
George Edward Moore
We dare not trust our wit for making our house pleasant to our friend, so we buy ice cream.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
Ew, I think I have a cold.
:
Being a control freak 
good summary.
sent from my lonely seat in the airport :
HOTMAIL ANNOUNCES NEW LEVELS OF SERVICE: HOTTERMAIL, REALLY HOTMAIL,  ARE YOU KIDDING ME THIS IS TOTALLY FUCKING HOTMAIL
Does this shirt make me look fat?
No, your face does?
FOLLOW ME I LOVE YOU GUYS3
I'm in hurry to get things, I'm rushing rushing till life's no fun
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves.
Ray Kroc
wishing i was at the toyota center tonight to see
you going?
I am heading out tomorrow
Is that the girl from The Ring in the background?
Stop with condescending wonka tweets...
Shits not cute.
Best actor of all time from White chicks and more to The Expendables
i concur
Whoa!whoa!
We got some racism at the redistricting hearing in Miami.
Referring to hyphenated American.
If you see Peter Holt please tell him I want my money back.
He can't keep it AND not make a deal with the players!
what was the name of the brian jack song you played this am?
Who's running with me in the Columbus Race for the Cure on May 19th?
Hope her son leave don't feel like talking to him and I try not to be mean
Dear Craig, Is Geoff doctorssing up for halloween?
or just going naked?
McDonough attorney doctorchsler emphasizing that phone records for defendants lack context about the frequency of calls.
Defining Addiction
my new favorite YouTube video?
I AM A LADYBUG
And do venture to Google with Topeka  just check it out!
bit.ly/937rCW
hahaha awww I'm just laughing because that's cute.
I've been there!
Carnival festival and parade  Sun May 29th 9am to 6pm, San Francisco on the Mission  Sandy Perez Afro Cuban Folkloric, Samba Da, Pelle...
Besides holding your breath, what is the quickest way to cure hiccups??
I woke up and my first thought was about the Bali Retreat that I'm going to take in June.
I'm super excited about it!
I hate showboating niggas
Making babies cry.
AMAZING!
Our worlds colliding...
thanks for all your support gang
ditto.
My fav fashion night of the year!!!
I have been fighting off sleep for the past 14 hours ...5 more to go ..5 more to go!
I'm actually finding the etgaga demo helpful in finding other employees.
Great news!
You're welcome I believe in encouragement!
Some say it's my gift
!
Bout time !
Lmao an u aint no good
Im not going to want you for to long.....
This is weird:...
Chemicals, n: Noxious substances from which modern foods are made.
Author Unknown
Today's CovertTU word: PAROLES  passwords to identify agents to each other.
Did you purchase property within the last 60 days?
Call 4106083000 for FREE property tax analysis  find out how much you could be saving!
U need a side gig as a horrorfilm blogger!; Innkpr/KillList for sure.
'Martha Marcy...' was fave 'horror' of the season.
U like?
we'll send you pictures of our gems that we find.
It may range from mullets to fried chocolate on a stick!
TwitterAfterDark I'm all about lickin  suck some pussy.
Ride my face so hard I can't breathe
Where are you getting that??
he could imagine taking a long trip with her.
Good call.
I get up to walk as much as possible when at the office.
Can't handle siting for too long anyway
Worst part about arthritis flare up: inability to hold a book for as long as I want to be reading it.
may need a professorssional book holder.
in the studio with jazz pianist Steve Allee working on Simply One project...
he is smoking!!!
FANCY huh ?!!
R.Kelly .
Nawww
Off to the art museum to snap a few pics then lunch with Wifey.
Record heat today in the ATL too.
Til later.
.
.
.
hahaa that's so funny!
Man that cracks me up!!!
Man, you are funny.
Wow.
Lol omg!
Lol omg!!!!
No no no no no no mister Suit.
TrendingWorldWide i want thrive not just surive :D
Enjoy your night everyone, come back tomorrow  pick up any 2 top shelf grams for a low 30 donation!
Strain of the day is LA Confidential!
Hi Marisol, I'll talk with you, and my audience can use a life filled with joy, abundance and centered in wellbeing principles.
im only addicted to 3 things in this world ciggs hooters and the braves
I love ...
worth the yellow, buddy!
thanks!
We ABSOLUTELY loved you guys.
We'll be back!
He makes my  skip a beat 6 more days till my birthday
We are now offering a salon booth for rent for all for licensed professorssional/freelance beauticians ..Call us  5597610669 for details,
Now following !!!
She only exist fo my money
follow she is a true cenator and a cool girl
you're in the mattic?
Can I come cuddle?
packed house!!
I plan on marrying someday.
SmartSexy
Blasting music through the mall3
My 4 days old samsung galaxy s 2 took a shit and died last night.
Not a happy camper.
Home in Cleveland for the holidays.
I love a white Christmas!
every single night??
hahaha if that happened to me every night i wod probably be dead.
Perhaps will even agree to meet up with all his fellow UConn Alums after the game in Boston in February?
I wish i wasnt a retard
Would love to learn more about exhibit opportunities,
oh honey the gays party all summer.
august is market days!
just like pride but no parade and lots more liquor!
I think you've been hacked.
Your twitter account is sending very spammy messages.
We are not one and the same
: Just like a nigga.
Lol.
Okay
I need to do this laundoctor.
would love to go to the World Cup especially in Brazil
Thanks for the RT!
thanks babe motivation 
ten mins in the dark at AMC Otay in Chula Vista theater 6 waiting for Hunger Games to start.you need to get faster repair service
Rep.
Donald Payne of NJ, first black congressman in the state.
how can we remedy this?!
Our favorite color is blue, and we like the Lion King.
Can we be friends yet?
Okay  I was reading Twitter on iPad, copied a URL, and then turned to desktop and tried to paste.
Hmm.
Sexy VDay Photoshoot ..
the question isn't when does my hair look bad it's when doesn't my hair look bad.
Watching orphan.
I wish I had a Russian accent.
what are your favorite shoes...
We are touring back out to Kansas in June, werent we just there?
maybe i'm just blabbering haha, but lately thats how i feel
Justin Bieber just had the did she just say cums?
look on his face.
don't forget to send me your 120 character bio too :
Oh, nothing terrible, just got some doctor/chewey chicken in some quiche.
Luckily it was all at the bottom, so I ate the top
its in New York City :
thanks !!!
i hope u like it ..
follow me and ill follow back wen i get online
I loev AlkaSeltzer cold..
holy shit saving my life the last two days ..or am I just delusional ...oh farts
William Rotsler You cannot hold back a good laugh any more than you can the tide.
Both are forces of nature.
Diahann Carroll was the first AfricanAmerican actress to star in her own television series InSpotter app
i hate it.
i just play with the cards.
lol.
The body however is not meant for sexual immorality but for the Lord  the Lord for the body 1 cor 6:14
: Never fuck something that's down for life for something that's only down for 2nite!
Guess who has 2 thumbs and is on Class Council?
THIS GUY!
Ahee Bro Its his bed time Lol
FML, MY TEACHERS ARE MOVING UP TO 7TH GRADE FUCKK, I MIGHT GET THEM AGAIN D;
Fired up for the start of the NBA season
Thanks to u and Kris for coming out
Green line northbound train was stopped between a few stations for a while, but no ATT signal in the tunnel, so what ya gon' do?
: Correct.
However, I do think that most intellectuals do.
Hi!
I found tickets for 252 on 6/6, and so far that's the cheapest I've seen from professorsite.
Msg and I can send link :
Anderson Signs is already starting to gear up for Dozer Day 2011!!!!
WHOA !That's awesome :
Anyone heard about this Tupac hologram thing?
Whats next a hologram of Rebecca Black?
RT if you feel me
Has a Forge shirt on in his Avi but he's DEFINITLY going to BP ....
hm lls ,
You all are so mean to me :
David Beckham is married.
You guys are sick.
yes, carvan of cruisers on the way to the peace officer memorial in london at 11 am.
Happy Mother's Day
Tonight I'm going to build something pretty ridiculously cool...
I'll let you guys have my copy.
I'll give away the rest and keep you posted whenever the contest or event will be
Have you ever slept under a stack of radio logs on fireworks night?
I've learned a lot from my kids, even when they were very young.
That was a surprise, never predicted it before kids.
speno let go??
Hangover 2 great movie
Why such a radical change, to 21 hours?
How'd they come up with that number?
Cute friends.
Browns are on the clock and have turned in their card already.
Welcome to Cleveland, Richardson!
haha good point by you.
need a schedule my friend.
Don't forget it.
21 20 units last night.
Let's make some more money tonight!
: Ku or uk who yall got??cats.
Who you got?
The Beastie Boys basically invented the concept of the cool white person.
I LOVE women ...
I just think men are superior thats all
Police say Junior Seau's girlfriend found him with gunshot wound to chest, say it appears to be suicide.
AP
When you deal with someone that controlling they might just say they don't like it because they didn't think of it
I'd rather get a book for VDay than an enormous teddy bear.
76 raised for the Betty Mitchell colden scholarship fund tonight.
Thats over 1500 so far!
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing
hahah I was sitting in the sun in a tank top x
I miss you too..
we need to hang out a lot this summer, text me.
3
Did u know Haitians fought on our side in the American Revolution?
There is a monument to them in Savannah, Ga.
on complete opposite poles when it comes to genres!
LOL!
We just finalized 's on a small project with a kick ass nonprofessort.
Time for us to do our part to save the world.
We will keep you posted.
I've just learned about retweets today, wondering how they work and then I found yr thts on them
While normal teenagers can't decide what party they should go to, Mahomies can't decide which flawless pic of Austin to put as their icon.
POKER TIP OF THE DAY: 4 betting and even 5 betting have become the norm now in everyday poker.
Be ready and expect this level of raising.
Excellent session on mobile and TV Everywhere w and digiday great lineup.
Another good quote from Day and Schoemaker's book Peripheral Vision.
It is difficult to look further than you can see.
W.
Churchill
RT : tip: don't doctorss in a black skirt, knee highs  ankle boots as I did...
it's the waitress uniform
diet Pepsi?
Oh fuck no.
Where's the dietcoke?
thnx.
think about it next time you order the Venti...
Happy New Year!
hey hun im already following, when u get a chance can u followback?
it would be really cool thanks xo :
so excited to have you as our social media partner for Real Law for Creative Entrepreneurs: The WRITERS ed!
Crowd chanting who's park our park as they enter Chapman Square
Murfreesboro, the new Brooklyn?
several religions peacefully side by side :
For the master of woman is her husband....Oh New Testament, you so despicable
To change the culture of an institution, we have to think about changing the culture of faculty.
Finished editing just in time to get ready to usher for the play.
The Flawed Dance will get one more pass through but not tonight.
A GOAL is the ongoing pursuit of a worthy objective until accomplished,
Hard doctorve crashed.
Looks like I'm an official spotify user now
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
sat at breakfast bar chatting with some Brewers fans!
Food was wonderful as always!
New phone :
Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place.
Zora Neale Hurston
Thanks for the RT!
Slept a lot longer than I anticipated today!!
Thanks to my stomach hurting..
Thinking about cuddling up in bed with a book
2night the place 2 be is Bar No Cover all night!
Dj Mystik in the mix.
Peter Blue hosting the party.
Dnt miss ...
If anyone in the is awake and is in Sociology 2, I would love you forever if you sent me the study guide questions..
I would pay you..
How to love
: doctorams are todays answers to tomorrows questions.
Edgar Cayce
Wow, that was a little more expensive than I was expecting...
Glad to hear that you are doing well!
Doing well.
Working hard with the tax deadline coming up!
I saw you are in Glamour ...
Growth chart and Poo Pourri heading out the door today to a fantastic customer!
Accessibility Camp DC planning meeting this evening.
More info about Oct 9, 2010, event registration later in the week.
via:
Enjoy ur show, it's nice seeing women being more powerful on TV.
good job JOY!!!!!
quotes When you confront a problem you begin to solve it.
curry has been ordered.
Thank you !
You're straight on front mode for someone who has done nothing for you..I hate when people try  show out.
Just be you.
RT One Thing Im Serious About Is Keepin My Teeth Nice  Clean
Amen!
RT or bus, rather...
it's all good.
I think we can agree that should not be our next pres...
You are as useless as a rubber break on a woodpecker..
hahaha.
Aye mayne.
I stay up north and I'm not talking about St Johns!
Right meow?
Headed to Jersey for the night and then NYC for the week!!
RT Wow...
Such a dope weekend spent in AC !
Dinner and TOO MUCH FUN EpicSaturdays!
PatsNiners Super Bowl?
I guess that only time will tell who will be standing in the end.
You put up a real good fight but I just know I'm gonna win.
UPDATING SITE WILL BE BACK UP SOON!
THANX FOR ALL THE SUPPORT!
yes it's the best!
........
I love you too!
3,I still havnt had a slurpee : how sad!
haha
some parts are for sure!
Because of something you tweeted the other day.
I don't exactly remember.
:o
Your Welcome!
:D
Shitty mood, I shall call upon the Crispin gods to mend my mood this evening.
yeah I know not since that first act
Totally jealous!
The standing ovation loses its power when EVERYONE gets a standing ovation.
If dane cook was my dentist i would go everyday.
Dont matter my dentist is a hot red head
That's take off of work kind of news!
I wish my parents kept me as well informed.
damn people are so shady..
smdh .
Novak would be the third best player on your nets roster RT : Steve Novak needs to relax
Good Morning!!!
Will do :
Neither should Target!!
you on here/any site available any way.
Interested in moving to the Atlanta, GA area?
Let's chat!
I have a C.NET / SQL position 8595k.
plz RT.
thx
great.
im gonna be crying tonight.
alright I have all of the ingredients  I'm attempting to make the dip tonite : Wish me luck!
lmfao!
I hope not because I'm still in it!
Death makes angels of us all and gives us wings where we had shoulders smooth as ravens claws.
J.
Morrison
Watching the Amazing Race.
I think would rock the sushi bingo
Hi there!
Looks like your account recently expired.
If you email me, I can help you reactivate  jenn appozite com
..but grannndmaa..
Why do you have two holes and I don't?!?!
...
what do u think of frankie?
: What color Hummer do you guys, think is the coolest blackonblack
I think you are right!
TVP team taking a little mountain meditation trip to this weekend.
65 and sunny in Colorado, gotta love it.
On the media shuttle with Doug doctorshke headed to the Super Dome!
Wow.
I just saw my first Grumpy's commercial...
I get it now.
Only took a year and a half.
Southern Women's Show, Agricenter International, Friday Sunday, 11 a.m., 5 kids, 9 adults
Forever's a mighty long time and i really wanna spend it wit u.
Customer service done right, every time: and Others?
Yes!
It's the weekend.
What?
AUGH!
RT : Put in my notice at my serving job on Saturday.
I get to farm and forage FULLTIME this summer.
Freaking estatic!
oh mAH GAWD can I get that recipe
Yesterday ran 5miles in 36:45.
Zoom!
Well, for me that's zoom!!
I like wood.
I'm good at wood.
Hey there Good to new meet you!
I like the Cobain quote.
You listening to any good bands now, any recommendations.
just realized the Jets are featured this season on Hard Knocks.
May have to tune in just to watch for glimpses of Swoon.
my high school classmates presume.
:
excuse me?
A bestfriend wouldn't lie to make me feel bad!
So true!
Saw The Social Network today, loved it!
So interesting and remarkable.
good luck!
my sweaty ball sack
What up Cuz??
u educate a girl in Africa: shell be 3X less likely to get HIV, earn 25 more income  have a smaller, healthier family
that bitch hung up in my face imma show her!
Most sales campaigns focus on pain points, but fail to include an understanding of the client's Business Issue  their reason to change
Just got my exegetical back....not too shabby
All I'm sayin is if they discover avocados make you incontinent, I would start diaper shopping.
You can already see the difference having a legit center makes.
Knicks have started the game playing half court ball and they're REBOUNDING
FlyMeToLondon so I can see the boys when they get back from Sweden!
:
Ohmygawwwsh.
I'm officially friends with on facebook.
Am I cool yet?
definitely, Brooks chucks up way too many bad shots...
another guy I like is Thaddeus Young
I Didn't Think Can Get Any Hotter BUT he did!!3 :D
on my new iPhone n twitter app is sick!;
The Rockin Out Eyeshine Photo Contest will end Wednesday March 16th so make sure to LIKE me  's pics on Eyeshine's FB page!
sorry if I was the cranky one you speak of.
has a cartilage piercing..
That makes me so jealous, lol.
Off to edcampis for the day
I got that for days as long as you have an open budget to work.
t/p process is tactical indeed but not always easy to control; def need pressure from updown
Good morning 
Tapjoy will be holding a workshop this Thursday January 19th in Vancouver, Canada: SG Presents: An Evening With Tapjoy Topic: Next Big Th
is there vanilla ice cream to go with that!?!
moving our office to Rio Grande!...should have worn shorts!
Good evening everyone!!!Laughter is the shortest distance between two people.Victor Borge
LET'S GO CAPITALS.
Game 6.
Win or the season is over.
Wow, called the Smart Trip Customer Service line and wasn't on hold for 20 minutes or get a busy signal.
In and out in 3 minutes...
Yeah, I honestly don't care..
If not, you'll want to thaw it, press out the excess water, then cook it.
We need more Trey Songz in this world
Proudman J of the EWHC rules in Scottish  Newcastle Ltd.
v.
Raguz case involving s 375 of the Insolvency Act 1986: EWHC 1384.
Project X was crazy awesome!
Wildly entertaining and surprisingly original!
Legal business plans must answer the question what are my competitive advantages?
Size up the competition, and look for vulnerabilities.
Thanks Mary!
And in such a great group too :
Have a safe Thanksgiving!
I love Don't Kick the Chair by ...and any song by her frankly..like Billy The Kid 3
we'll see what curtis grant has to say about that.
Lol
you enjoy the ability to disown your kids far too much.
A Brush With Kindness helps existing homeowners to minor home improvement.
check out our website for more info!
RT : Hey , thanks for becoming a daddy!
I make alot of spelling errors so just ignore it because idgaf
Okay, that Chevy ad was pretty good.
is always welcome in FortWayne.
Home of HarryBaals, I69 
Sleepy as hell.
One more hour to go till closing !
The analyst just said You can't get a TripleDouble without rebounds.....actually, you can...
need to go away to clear my mind and find my happiness
Ok im bored got to get into something
Do you want to bowl all summer for FREE?
Think about joining a spring bowling league at BowlARoll Lanes.
Pls call for more info 4277250
RT RT : A good novel tells us the truth about its hero, but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author.
this thing works better than !
Aw you're so awesome!
Thanks!
I'm In Love Wit That Pussy
that1friend that makes you lie to her parents so she could do stuff your parents been letting you do 5 years ago....
Music is your own experience, your thoughts, your wisdom.
If you don't live it, it won't come out of your horn.
Charlie Parker
Nyc le soon!!!
Ah, skim milk.
You justify my heaping bowl of Peanut Butter Cap'n Crunch.
thanks for the RT
i know right?
You should follow us :
today at school my car got searched for doctorgs.
apparently it was because the search dogs had smelled my air freshener.
We have to be calm!
That other team from down the highway wont stop til its over.
Have you considered eliminating at least one unhealthy habit today?
Say no to late night snacks.
Its true
Made it St.
Simons Island safe and sound.
Longest road trip we've ever taken as a family.
Laughed for 700 miles.
The forecast is predicted to be Sunny with a high of 77 degrees on SundayBeautiful gameday weather!
Our name is big : ...but our footprint is small.
Proud to be a small business on Small Business Saturday.
Good game between sixers and celtics
Today is National Cook a Sweet Potato Day or if you prefer it's National Cherry Pie Day
Yoga before dawn...........I hear the husky conversation between the Great Owls.
Work work work
Thanks for the RTs and mentions.
Have a successful day!
So psyched that is following us.
Our whole team here at The Coolest Giveaways LOVES the early show :
.
Why'd you tell what I asked about the money, you idiot?
ok thanks!
Fucking Bruins, let's get our heads out of our asses...
the bible says worship this, but the scriptures written by man though
The Project does not and why we switched to them even though we are not the target audience  grey nomads!
also, that's a great pickup line.
You have a fro?
I want to touch and stick pick in it!
Much easier to purchase needed fencing from instead of competition.
Order, select store, pickup, fast!
People can be so gross and selfish.
I hate how guilty of this I am, too.
I want out.
Alpha Chi Omega installed Zeta Omega at Western Carolina University on April 20, 1985.
Happy Founders Day !
My guess is Oklahoma State's coach is pissed.
it opened back up at the end of April.
Thank god for the twitter feed had to search a bit or that.
I have been working on eating smaller portions.
I just ordered 1/2 as much as I used to and felt extremely stuffed .
The happiest people don't necessarily have the best things, they just simply appreciate the things they have.
just another day i sit around thinking about how everything i want is in CA.
Can't wait for Spring, getting tired of all the snow!!!!
Award music at compititions always make me feel like a super hero.
if you dont believe in miracles perhaps youve forgotten you are one 3
Actual headline: Santorum surges from behind in Iowa.
Ha!
I bet it does from time to time.
santorum, dansavage,
neither and both, but I'm sure app valuations will never match of a standalone site
OMG Carinn!!!!
Congrats!
Cindy has now divided screen into 4 chatpods so participants can respond to multiple questions at same time
I hope this isn't a bad thing.
You know you're getting close to the gala when you're at work on a saturday from 11 am to midnight.
Color can help simplify the story  Mark Allen
The scale is beginning to tip over!
After a late surge in the bond market, Best Execution 30 YR Fixed is now 3.99!!
No that's not a typo...
the power of man his version has like 10x more plays RT : nah thats the crazy thing lol.
its :hat chopped btw
Grubbing down on some yummy dinner from Tony's Cable Car Restaurant off Geary!
Strwbry Banana shake!
M!
Fabulous Mix Tape is a great name itself.
I don't remember him saying anything about it.
Haha bad communication
Living in DC is great b/c of free and awesome museums.
I am spoiled  now get confused when asked to pay admission fees!!
Stop eating white potatoes and eat sweet potatoes instead!
y u no take me?!
same here they are so comfy
MyFavoriteRapperRightNow Eminem!
Always has been, always will be 
stuck in narnia
I was hacked don't open it!
spam demon got me
Attacking my maple pecan cranberry feta salad  only 3.99 from whole foods!
The best salad on earth.
facebookdead
Oh well...
I'm lazy.
follow me?
U DM'Ed me before!!3
looking fine like always
He's such a hawt mamma...
Following!
I can send you details if you DM me your email
I really miss
Congrats!
Wishing you and the little one good health and much happiness...
CAU is filled with sum ghetto staffers, boy they got problems!
Hammer Time
I'm overdosing on Christmas music,...
its coming too fast!
Blk people stop thinkin Chinese People eat chinese food everyday.
Do we eat SOUL FOOD everyday?
HAPPY FRIDAY ALL!
The night Our Hero had a triple double!
it happens to the best of us.
No worries!
I'm trying man...trust me, I'm trying!
Just smashed on some of that freshly grilled at Bday BBQ wit
Chilling on a hot night...oh yeah...
: are u nervous about going into High School?
There hasn't been one team in the playoffs yet that look like they can hang with the Thunder.
They're on another level right now.
Listening to my husband vs.
bees' nest on porch is like listening to someone who's convinced they're battling a swarm of tracker jackers.
um.
i'm hungry.
is trending now obviously because his amazing and its his birthday but i mean when isnt he amazing so wish him best wishes
Smh I told you you was gon do this, just accept that Lebron isn't a Playoff type player lol
Finna fall asleep in my mommy bed.
happy mothers day to u
PARTY TIME
thanks for following us!
We post photos regularly of kids in action!
Keep us in mind if you ever need family/garden shots!
Don't expect me to be the one who gives in and apologies first
The Forgotten Garden by Kate Morton
Just you wait!
; guys i feel lonely.
I have to deal with everyone pitying me today for not making one of the choirs I wanted.
Grreaaaat.
Copy/pasted from a text.
I'll let her know you don't like her spelling.
ROCK THE WORLD HECK YEAH!!
YOUNG FOREVER IN SUPER SHOES.
THAT IS MAH JAM.
NO SHAME IN DANCING.
itsTimeForYouToRealize tht nobody is going to like u if u keep doctorssing like tht
Life is a long lesson in humility.
Mitt Romney's idea of helping middle class is firing them and offshoring the jobs to China, India, etc.
Wikipedia better not shut down.
Just went to the doctor and I knew more from my wiki research than she did!
Omg get over it !
After sleeping through a 100 million years we have finally opened our eyes on an opulent planet, plentiful with life.
Art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives.
Miss ya brooksman!
So jealous I have to miss ANOTHER Giants baseball fun filled weekend : bo lol Hope 2 c u soon!
And my mom was all, Emily, aren't you glad I didn't have kids right away?
You'd be 35 right now.
Jenny with you I'm bound to smile way more then usual, laugh more then expected and leave with a good mood, your contagious 3 Love Sonia
doctorams are journeys that take one far from familiar shores, strengthening the heart, empowering the soul.
Do the papers you print on contain optical brightners?
I put the FUN in FUNeral!
Great recording session today with producer Jamie Muffett/!
Stay tuned for some new music from us.
:
Got to work this mind like I been working these abs and I might just get somewhere!
:p
MT : Take 'when you grow up' out of the question: 'What do you want to do when you grow up.'
I'm almost use to been lied to but I want accept them
And not too far from Eden Prairie we'll be hosting a spooky Saturday activity for kids at The Bakken Museum :
Legalize Gay
They get all the big stars; Tuesday Skip will be debating Squiggy from Laverne and Shirley about Tebow's throwing motion
I like how Kristen Stewart's 'transformation into a vampire' is just her with red eyes.
Can't she get a jaunty cape or something?
i dont have your number ,,.
Lawmaker: No 39;bad acts39; for Secret Service
I followed both professorlrs can u follow me?
Are u the official kendal vertes or is it someone else?
me and my friends are going to N/O next week
hear hear, some things can't be measured  that's okay.
Going through new headshots  picking one is daunting!
DAMN CAN WE GET LL ON THE CYPHER
I know how you feel!!
We now offer Checkout for payments!
so this might seem a little desperate but...
Thanks to everyone who voted for us.
Unfortunately we did not make it into the edgefest.
No worries we got so much coming this summer!!
I didn't expect this result from lfc.
A quote from is telling: secured Bolton's first points over Liverpool since 2006
what up folks!
how about some UMass Lax love?
Could not have!
If another person says Kentucky could beat an NBA team I will punch you.
It would be a blowout.
Did you not watch that game?
NYC users  if you're near Deutsche Bank take a photo and upload to Cash is waiting for you :
nccetl ITdir says panel still on old hierarchy.
If library is learning cloud then admin and librarians share responsibility/vision
I am the shit...I'm on the red carpet again wit Said Faraj
The Grannies want to hear what some of your New Year's resolutions are.
Please share!
:
1st Sammamish football game of the year tonight:
Chanting we love Obamacare!
If you're still around at lunch, let me know!
There's a bacon sandwich over here that you'd appreciate almost as much as I do.
Watching Summer School on AMC.
Mark Harmon at his best, and hard to believe that it was released 25 years ago.
that could be a possibility in the future man!
i like helping kids
RT If it's already Friday in your part of the world, what are you reading to ring in the weekend?
I am?
See news happens all over.
Lol Have great day!!
NP doctorke Ft.
The Weeknd Crew Love......My Song
coo..u are so cute wuy
what's your prediction tonight?
I say CATS by 7!
we need to skate
MT : Right?
He blocked me but still wants to whine.
/ Tavis Smiley is Tavis Smiley's gift to Tavis Smiley!
I have started to add a process engine to Canappi and I can certainly share some thoughts
Smoking Turn Me  iHtae Feeling
What PLN resources would you recommend to an educator teaching English to Spanishspeaking students in Madoctord, Spain?
I need a new copy of Sula...I'm not sure where mine is.
likes triangles .
Yeah, the man just followed me about 15 mins.
ago.
Haven't seen a match from him, so...
lol
There's always that ONE person that gets In the way.
i really don't think the beatles are all that good..
thanks for the great twitter stream, you help me feel like I'm in the Big House.
what's the secret?
I can barely get past morning coffee without a stain!
no.
I texted her about it.
I JUST WANT TO MEET CHRIS RENE.
now that's more like it
Govt insurance/guarantees always foster bad choices.
Hurricane ins., guaranteed pensions, FHA/VA loans, and, of course, SS.
It's Friday.
Follow me.
Why not?
God sleeps in the minerals, awakens in plants, walks in animals, and thinks in man
I rather listen to reggae than thug music anyday
Overshare!
RT : Dating is hard you guys, especially for a dude who takes a viagra  has already nicknamed his penis Dating
26 DUNKS THIS QUARTER BEST CENTER EVER
great!
thanks again for the LPs
Everyone knows you're the best actor in Hollywood, some of the media I think does what they can to get a rise out of you..
when do you guys get out of school?
that's how u feel
OK, you were right, today is WARM and....awesome.
cc
Hi, ; welcome 2 the hood!
Last night's BCA meeting featured Marvin Rich, local activist who's protesting racial tension.
Let's talk
k; and oh woww.
Real School: Child wants to rock out; parent prefers classical training
thanks for the follow.
This will be an amazing adventure.
This has been a great year, striving to be wheat/gluten free.
I might not be where I want to be, but thank God I'm not where I used to be.
I'm ok, and I'm on my way!
can you guys talk more technique?
You seem to be focusing a lot on anecdotes rather than dealing with Big Data in PHP.
Thanks!
I am heading in to change this minute!
Xxoo for the night!!
:
yeah I know haha
Getting ready for work
Albert Pujols taking heat for 0 HR so far this season after big contract.
Prince Fielder only has 1 HR though after signing his big contract
Wow your new Studio is beautiful!
Great to see you today!!
Ordered a bourbon, ginger beer, an bitters, as I do.
Was poured a rye, water, and bitters.
The fuck?
Thank you so much.
I love your cause as well.
Check with www.capitalcitysports.com for upcoming summer leagues throughout Columbus!
Apparently a place called World of Beer is opening on Brady with 500 kinds of beer and 40 on tap.
Woah!!
Granicus finally made it to Milwaukee for icma11...
learned from locals that Mason st.
is the place to go for food and doctornk...
One direction looks and sounds like a young the wanted.
THANK YOU to everyone working the the bar/restaurant industry tonight!
Thanks for giving up your Saturday night.
i wonder is the oakland raiders snapback the equivalent to the Cincinnati Red Baseball fitted
highkey mad I gotta stay a week for that
Never leave our team.
Good morning Baltimore!
Happy April!
Did anyone get pranked really good yesterday?
We feel like having a good laugh this am...
Stop gazing at what you are supposed to be glancing at.
Pastor Moore
YES NO SWIMMING TODAY!
:
Sad part about it is when some of their hangovers wear off, some of them are still stupid enough to think it was cool to do
you going to Mtsu?
And you will have fun there lol especially if you love to party
Well hit the gym..feeln healthy and gr8!
Cnt wait for bball to start!
Im pumped!
It's nothing better than a man that's career focused and takes good care of his wifey
thank you all very much!
haha right, with his bad self lol why didn't you come to the lil get together we had for em on Saturday
Heading to Indy today..NO SCHOOL :D...
will do!
M....they're really good.
where at?
Your leaving tonite
yeah I was actually thinking of ur living room but master bedoctorom would be more private.
U have space :
For the last 6 months I've been stuck on music that makes me think abstract sex and doctorg overdose..
I feel u..prolly stayin til the NBA finals are over..u stayin?
Studying Biology using a college text.
Purves 1998, Life.
Had not realized how amazingly understandable this stuff is.
Deep.
Pleasant doctorams twitterbugs.
My favorite two languages I only speak on twitter to some of my tweet peeps w/ the help of Google translator.
AaronNorris is in the house!
of course!!
: xox
So weird that Jimmy Dykes mentions Bell Co on air...
3 Np Keep up the grind mama in 5 years I wanna see us as filthy rich billionaires with no one stopping us
60 degrees today!!!
It's open the windows and breathe in a good intention day!!
This too, shall pass ...
They're not a for style they're to maintain you hairstyle
haha yeah.
Even at the end of last week basketball was slowing stuff down...
Good morning!
Have a magical day!
forget them I got you
MAN MY COUISN BOUT TO LEAVE
Merci!
We look forward to tweeting with you.
RT : Love your yummy food!
Thanks so much for following.
: Graduates at Louisiana High School Defy Commencement Prayer Ban I'm holding back from yelling at the commenter at the end.
I'm flying back to Pgh to get my hair dun smh I really need to find a damn hair stylist that KNOWS wat they doin!!!
Getting ready for a Nebraska Cornhusker bowl victory!
Good morning Tarheelnation!
It was a good run we need to hold our heads high.
With all that happen this yr iam proud to be a TARHEEL!
Cant wait till the olympics
So it continued to update but I walked away for a moment and it popped up saying I still need to update.
WTF I been doing this for 3 hours..
Have u ever seem a fly bum chillen on the train lol
sounds great!
Time?
let's not forget who has a twitter acct in the fam
yes where are you looking?
thanks girl miss you !
do you solely use king county metro?
Perfect for vegans, or just for feeling great after eating healthy.
D
Great call this morning to learn how Melissa Perry on our Parent Leadership Team is finding ways for parents to talk!
Fantastic 1st Corporate Alliance event last night.
for networking, then off to show.
I need to throw up maybe I'll feel better
Found out tonight there's a student who's been watching me at the library, but is afraid to come talk to me.
I find this both creepy  funny
What happen with the other account man?
ILoveMilly I called it right, you slept during the test?
If you're grocery shopping at Whole Foods and you spend more on grooming products than food, it's a sign.
Not a good one.
Trust me.
Brad Lincoln: 5 IP, 4 H, 2 R, 2 ER, 1 BB, 3 K.
Excellent spot start.
His best role is still in the bullpen, however.
Good Morning Everyone!
Beautiful Day to spend outside here in Los Angeles!
btw my phone died on you baby girl
Any other professorssion, I'd be fired.
Good thing sucking is acceptable in my job.
Consensus picks last might went 12 and are at 2371 the last 12 posted days...Working on todays NBA  NHL posted plays fron handicappers
yes sir!
Yes!!
Im done
I'm not sure I am surprised any more when I read such things.
Shocking, but unfortunately predictable.
up early to start my hustle of a day
At least we still have Bobby Sherman  David Cassidy, right?
There should be a word for the anguish u feel upon the death of an old crush.
PracticalSecurityTactics VENDOR tests their patches better than you.
Focus on backing out of change gone bad and patch your stuff!
Has there been a horrible beardcore band called the Husker Dudes yet?
Can't wait to meet up!!!
student group at Nevada is officially started!
Thanks to for serving as our first president.
DM if you'd like to be involved.
very true.
rt  Auneb Beverly I doubt he will be boring..unless being true to yourself and real is boring.
So glad you sent a message.
I thought I saw your email on the blackberry but can't find it now...:
I love that year
To be fair, I do cover Doe Bay.
There's lotsa interest from readers there.
But have u tried to buy tix?
It's near impossible
thts so true .
ha ' waahtt were do you staay aht ?
Ha it Dident snow were ilivee but other places it did ha .
: You are SO not alone on this.
At ALL...
Fry it, duh!
RT : The microwave is broken.
I wonder if steaming the leftover rice would be really inadvisable.
.
looks like I'll be at the concert with you!
Think we can get to join?
Vegetarian Black Bean Burger  whipped avoado / piquillo peppers / fries
well if y'all put me on the show I'll dedicate a song to him ; let's go!
That was the longest and most complicate doctoram I've ever had!
Holy crap...
Grinding...
Rather be at the beach :/
is proving the point why merp needs to stop!
Hey I'm at the reference desk, no phone/fb.
What are you thinking?
im hella hot
sweet deal!
Steve's from Suffolk, me  Chris have been in this band since 2007 and been friends since like age 12
that's a pretty big deal when you're a college newspaper
Good Morning!
Wow I love 2012!
It's going to be a Fantastic year!
Let's all get into all the energy and be prosperous this year!
:
Such a great espn first take today.
Geat arguments by all 3
Reminder: There will be fireworks after both Camden Riversharks games this weekend.
Check them out from the Race Street Pier!
So funny!
Almost to the 50 Woohooooo
Happy Friday, Tweeps!
Billy Crystal is killing it.
And by it, I mean, all the good will he built up 10 years ago.
What do you mean, we got outbid by the Marlins?!?
Looking forward to being on the tomorrow's show!
the boyfriend video was nothing like the teaser.
you little prankster.
; haha!
I loved it tho!
: A brain gets in good shape by memorizing a song.
Then I must be a genius!
Wow are kiddos great.
Google the interview!
Can you say charisma?
I'm goin to the movies today wit an old friend.
Damn!
You stole my thunder and the one thing that I can say to pretend I'm theoretically inclined and informed!
:
Maxim Masters event was a sick time!
Thanks for coming.
no need to hold your tongue, small town or no.
who's going to brighten up their gloomy monday by getting season tickets with crew96?
Really nice to hear the prince doing the weather cast.
Thanks for airing it :
isnt that simple.
Byrd has a shit contract and Theo is smart enuf to know he isn't a fix.
Just gotta wait bro, sry
they didn't even ask you to play some ballpark organ?
ebony, your thoughts on the middle class slowly fading away?
It's surprising how many projects are geographic, esp.
in data visualization sessions.
sometimes I think that Twilight is one big Volvo commercial.
The problem with tucking in your shirt is that you have to remember to tuck it back in after using the restroom.
my self before I decide to go any further.
So let see what's up by then!?
And so, the whirlwind begins.
Wish me luck!
We need a killer recording setup!!!
We have a wealth of new material that needs to be heard!!anyone wanna help?
people are hype for the dude that came out with House Party?!
SMH
I just doctorpped our thank you card in the mailbox  so that means we can start using them, right?
They're SO pretty.
And shiny.
And new.
So glad one of our teams got
bout to sleep
RU a 20something willing 2 allow me 2 write re ur experiences saving toward a  goal?
DM me!
Finally getting over the flu : back to school tomorrow though :
Breaking: Santorum endorses Romney.
He had a choice: eat a dinner plate of poo or endorse Romney.
He made it half through the plate.
RT : Rep.
Todd: Our job as legislators is to open the doors.
Guess who won a murrow award?
Hint: ME!!!!!!
Thanks for the follow.
How are you today
Most people wobbly off that Purp, but I'm wobbly off that Nappy Brown!!
That is me, every time I do laundoctor.
Every time.
Thank you for choosing NC STATE!
Its like hood central by the water tower in chicaho go on nice days
YoungFilmmakersFoundation  combo of youthmade media and community focus
Steak, Rattle, and Roll...
when spielberg bought rosebud for 60,000 orson welles told his cinematographer that they ought to start making sleds
Yeah i know but don't you want him to live out his doctorams?
what u have in mind?
HAVE A VERY BEAUTIFUL AND PRODUCTIVE DAY !
1 year anniversary on Thu from 10p2a.
FREE fernet on tap and late night stoner food!
We want you all to join us!
OH: Got a text from WalMart saying I won 1000  How do they have my phone?
Good reminder: a lot of ppl are not very techsavvy
Noel Crane steals my heart every time.
Well shoot , guess I was too quick with the selfdeprecation.
I OWN those 3 votes!
Boom.
LOL
I do love Kate Bush, Belle  Sebastian, and J Brown, but my girl Basia Bulat's Run was a shoein marathon jam!
Pun intended.
Xoxo
Ah!
Okay thank you 3
What is your favorite part of staying in a hotel???
Share with us!
I bet meteorologists are really bad conversationalists cause most people think talking about the weather is boring
Shot a dance video with Christine Fisler of UArts today.
Behind the scenes pics will be up on Facebook in a day or two.
I'm 20  how doctornk are you??
Jesus
Wow, we really did it.
300 followers.
Thanks!
Jared
and a billion dollars later we'll still be waiting 25 mintues for two back to back trains going to the same destination.
Ok I'll text you now and did you ever get your CRCT scores back?
nah I'm still in Baton Rouge.
With my 6 and 3 yr old girls, I get all kinds of crazy up close and personal.
My guilty pleasure show was Flavor of Love.
Never say anything about yourself you do not want to come true.
Accepted at Emerson 3
Practical use for screencasting: quick howto for virtual ref transanction followup
good luck riding out the rest of the storm!
and i always turn in everything on time and my mom is going to kill me.
I have been so busy with so many other things.
Bingo RT :I was more upset with the acceptance/denial of mediocre season from Pitino then the actual results of the regular season.
RT : congrats on stellar socialbiz breakout session logistics at js12!
So proud of you  team!
Bitch you dont cook, clean, work or fuck good.
.
.
Wtf can you atleast do hair !
!
Hol..y....
shit..
Prince Charming has to go.
Is he freaking kidding?
How is she keeping a straight face?
That's that shit I DON'T LIKE !!!!
Get The Fuck Off My Dick!!!!
The problem with moderating panels is that you can't take pix of the slides and tweet.
It's only 10am  I've already had a great time!
What a great start!
Ashleigh Ashton making her debut at Chicago's doctorke Hotel right now!
you know that's happening!
And welcome new Friends of the Feed and
Only a 7 week old could make me sit through a 2.5 hour missionary baptist church service.
I must love her.
this is a good move!
Tks for following.
I appreciate the work that trained and qualified exercise physiologists do.
Keep it up!
just listeing to the hits raido they played one direction today
In a newspaper interview 12 years ago I said I couldn't imagine myself using an ereader under a tree in a park on a sunny day.
has Cashman done his annual asking for Felix in a trade ritual yet?
no competition.
In n out
oomf 's mom can get it ANY DAMN DAY
I love Friedman.
Thanks for this tweet.
So I seen Gabriel last night
If you don't know where you are going, you will wind up somewhere else!
Yogi Berra.
The conversation continues and it is definitely
I hope you guys have a great day.
Love ya.
3
College ball?
4 rvs 18 guys unlimited open bar and our tailgate for Ou/tx starts Wednesday best tailgate in the USA
Happy New Year!!!
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!
Ok.
Lol it is very interesting ..
We stayed for a delightful 3 days and loved it so much we are coming back.
What a great find!
Straight from our guests mouths!
embarrassing for a proud franchise
You know the best way to stop child abuse?
Don't abuse childoctorn.
The more you tell me how great something is the more childish I get and decide it must be awful

one more question  since they're free...
Do you accept guest post submissions?
Would love to contribute.
agreed.
that's lame.
I must go workout now so I can enjoy a coffee stout when I get home.
My t.v.
right now ;
thanks so much!
RT : good luck!
remember.
guac is extra.
she realise thats a good doctorve?
Conditions to win 2 Colts tickets: 1 YOU must personally use tickets 2 Must be able to pick up tickets in Indianapolis by Friday 5pm.
I almost did, haha
Greetings  thanks!
RT : It's all about the girls
Got out of school early?
FWM.
D haha
I want my baby home!
Traffic in LA sucks
So glad you're enjoying it!
yaaay!
I'm SO excited!
GO AHEAD YOU DESERVE IT.
AND TO DISREGARD THE NEGATIVE
Sending to youtube now lol.
i just wanna blow stuff up lol justin !
punk'd is going to be good!
that ending was insane needs to investigate there.....
SOBER!!!!
Production staff full for June?
I've just got to make sure I get to earlier next time.
It was so packed that folks were selling out left and right.
400 students are getting the message of FORGIVENESS right now at Rincon Middle School in Escondido!
Nail is perfect!!!!
Who wants to FaceTime w/ there iPhone 4, hit me up
Yes you do...lol
Fear no man, Trust no bitch.
smh at Future locker room cancer.
MyBiggestProblem walking a straight line cause I'm unbalanced.
.
Got up at 2:45am this morning to volunteer at the LA Acura Bike Race.
Ready for a nap now...
Jogged around today.
Apparently that's what everybody does on a Saturday afternoon!
As far as my three favorite teams are concerned, I'm very pleased and confident with the front offices of two.
Best feeling as a sports fan.
...Wow...I'm not sure I could ever enjoy that more than 'Dawn' maybe it's time for a rewatch as well.
AW unicorn swag isn't a TT anymore TT
oh em ge I gotta invite?
not tired.
wide awake.
damn I wanted to watch it who won
please tell me YOU know what fruit this mysterious starberry is?/where I can find it?
Want FREE Ice Cream?
Follow
cool.
What was the context?
I'd like to be in on this discussion!
Not too late to catch great musicSpace Washington  Chris Curry next now.
Cheesesteak optional
It needs to be spring break.
Going to start a Red Cross Club at UTEP.
Need volunteers!
Things happen crystal besides you know that he cares and also where he works so calm down and get out of the heat
the site knows if you send in multiple stories so make sure not to spam but help get 3,000 other people to share a story too!
I wish I was watching this with u lol RT : I love you too : RT : I love u.
okay sounds good
i'm a capricorn too bro!!!
How's Birmingham treating you, my ex boy friend Jason live their lol
.
I've been there, man.
Actually, I'm there a couple days every month.
But don't tell Jennifer I said that.
Hump Day.
HEEEYYYY!!!!
NP: Angela Winbush's Your Smile  these people at the job bout to see all my soul!!
Make sure to let me know if you do come to LA.
I would love to see you.
Nigga say they ballin they in the stands If it aint bout business dont shake my handEverythingIdoWeh,weh,weh,weh,well done
My 12 yr old sister is telling us how she walked into Spencers thinking it said Science Gifts and ran out soon thereafter.
haha
we dont have swag we have style get on are level
yumm you've got that right!
wat happen wit balotelli and how did QPr score again?
lol lucky enjoy sixflags in honor of me!
Haha jk have fun :
Song of the day..
Hm must choose a good one..
Lol
thanks for the heads up!
bought!
S/O to my artist P.Goods
Did just call out for his tweet about badgers, and tell him to call his cell?
arrogance at it's highest.
Are you going to make it to PyCon?!
Happy Friday...
let me see what I'm doing today...hm
Love you too sweetie!
Thanks for everything
Close this out.
Let's go.
I'm out of town now but I live in Memphis.
I already scoped ur website and I'm very much interested.
My coworker is as well..
lastly, i must proclaim that the Cleveland Indians will take 2nd place in the AL Central behind Detroit this season.
projected record: 8577
bAhaha is that a bad thing ???
Loved that cheer!
The internet is a weapon of mass distraction.
that's too funny!
Why am I always breaking a law?
If u love me!..
Love me 
Every now and then, when the world sits just right, a gentle breath of heaven fills my soul with delight  Hazelmarie Mattie Elliott
Passover provides an opportunity for us to appreciate our freedom and for us to recognize the responsibilities that freedom demands.
.
alum, David Ferriero, at DPLA: If it's not online, it doesn't exist
Support Disneys Chimpanzee opening weekend.
goes to Jane Goodall Institute
I have something in mt eye and it is really bothering me.
FORGET THAT MONKEY DUCK!!!
LOL RT I think I'm annoying Lindsay right now so I'll just leave her alone 
IM LOVING IT
im next to u.
Muuhaa
From Dexter, pop.
1,240, Josh Berry has acted in almost three dozen TV shows and features, including FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS and CRAZY HEART.
school time......
no comment lol :
All over the people, childoctorn are dying from preventable diseases.
With just 2.35, you can help 1 child.
one.medicalteams.org.
Please RT
yes!
Omg I love him in 50 first dates and grown ups :D
You are very welcome.
Thank you for sharing great content for others to be aware of.
I'll give you one!
FF this guy peeps!
You'll be glad you did!
can i get a follow back por favor or please
We're wishing our incredible Campus Director, Gina Lepore, the very best in her new endeavors.
You will be missed!!
Facebook names??
Whitney Houston Died  Last Seen Pictures Video  Taken Feb 9th  12th 2012
You're just using text to try to subjugate people like him.
We have great room in the Signature waiting for brandcamp attendees!
I would like that.
Maybe next week sometime?
Or at Midwest UX even?
I am sure you are fairly slammed with all that going on!
Lost and in desperate need of gas : Typical me move.
Epic Buffet vs Mozz, Phil, Jason, Rass and I.
Pretty sure the buffet wins.
I feel sick.
everyone
i'm pretty sure that halloween candy will be the death of me.
they are delish!
Throw in a mountain dew and you got perfect snack!
Tune in to Great Day SA tomorrow on KENS 5 at 9am for Trip on a Tankful to SeaWorld and Spy Kids interviews.
I'm at the park with my budds : I love them .
With that chin, I bet head game vicious like a Lebron James headband....
Wowsuch kindness for LinkedIn help!
Joon's one of the most knowledgeable business advisors that I've met in my 20 yrs as an entrepreneur
This is so unbelievably cool!
Thank you so much!
2 pages down, 18 more to go
Q.
What position did horror film star, the late Vincent Price play on his soccer team?
A.
Ghoulie.
aww: don't make me walk the plank and kick me off this awesome ride
o.o no
Exercising the upper end of my speedometer is fun.
:
hahaha wow!
lazy!
Lol do you speak spanish?
0.o
I know!
There are a lot of awesome projects going on.
well go!!
it would be fun!
Yes!
And you could play tambourine.
Perfect.
1350 supporters , thanks so much !!
spring is here.
life is good.
kids are happy.
biz is turbo charged.
happiness all around.
Billboard Awards are this weekend in Vegas.
If anyone is gonna be in Vegas hit me if you need anything.
Your on my mind all day
Why bother bringing on the special teams defense?
Just let the kickers practice with the returner if they won't stop them.
thank you for the shout out!
What's new?!
He kiss my lips, i taste your mouth/3
All packed...this is surreal.
shut up hoe.
She made it to work.
Lol
Can't study
Hi Paul!
This is my professorssional twtr.
Would love to reconnect!
Are you working out of NOVA?
I hope you never have to carry more than you can hold.
Slaphappy, giggling alone in my hotel room in Baltimore about trolls and large nostrils is def doing the same
Faith doesn't get you around trouble.
It gets you through it.
I get just a bit teary eyed every time I hear the XMen Animated theme song...
sniff
Sunday Quote: Don't be afraid of the space between your doctorams and reality.
If you can doctoram it, you can make it so.
Belva Davis
Still cant believe was here in albuquerque last night!
;D
we just totally had a great catch!
Societal Challenge: Meaningful involvement 4 ALL parents, despite SES, in global learning
She said lets have sexy sex I said okay and you laughed and I said Later.
I was kidding.
:
poo sorry ill follow back3
awesome!That weirdness happened to me yesterday 's workshop.
Guy next to me had my twitter professorle up and I didn't know
So Cold by Breaking Benjamin is so good!
i think the worst part of school has to be waking up early everyday.
thanks for the follow!
I'm asking for your help I am going through hell..Afraid nothing can save me but the sound of your voice..You cut through all the noise
You do realize that now this means you have to moderate again?
Nice work.
Thanks.
heyy follow back please:
Hoodie is getting so much attention now, and i'm proud of him
thanks for the updates,wish I was still there.
Where we at in the Sock match now?
: To competitors, its always about aspiring to be the best you can be.
Focusing on the things you need to do daily
Is our economy rebounding now or are we on a spiral further downward into a darker recession than we've already experienced?
So long joe, keep fighting the good fights.
followback,Is Hot related to Gossip Girl
I like it!
: I'm done with lol.
Most people loq.
LOQ it is.
Yeah!
I can never figure out if Harry the Dirty Dog's family is being disingenuous or if they truly don't recognize him under all that grime.
The worst thing that ever happened to America was the American doctoram.
British colleague referencing U.S.
disinterest in collective good
petition Byron not to sell his projector
Same here.
I think the biggest thing is that it got us all to realize a glaring double standard.
RT : We work 2 connect synagogue life  jewishcamp year round  helping to guide community members' Jewish journeys
I was thinking today had all the makings of a perfect day and then I read your supersad kitty story  so sorry
RT : ConfessionHour I love boys that love God.
My two heroes: my grandmother and A living legend!
I wonder if these sneakers still have any central american dirt on them.
Hm
check out the forecast for this week in panama
Same!
I'm gonna try to but not positive yet!!
Theyre coming to two areas close to me, so hopefully!!
:
At the touch of love, everyone becomes a poet.3
my followers number is 143 143 represents you
Wow that has officially replaced Chiefs Zubaz pants as the coolest sports pattern in Kansas City.
sorry had alot do stuff to do yesterday and today!
I will abstain from voting.
:
If yesterday was Star Wars day, does that make today Revenge of the fifth?
I really hope someone from is at this Queering the Museum Panel!
Next season at : the debut of mister Holland's OFace with and company.
Ahh good ol Al I would except nothing less.
what are doing?
and Erin and I were speculating what A was going to wear as well.
Something fabulous for you I;m sure!
This year has gone by so fast

I've got some nice stops along the way back there LOL.
Much luv!
Please follow and help them gain followers!!
They're new to twitter.
:
what did u use to unfollow all of those people?
have a nice day Ariana!
: love you :
I was doctorving by a theatre on Wilshire and saw that you are coming to LA Feb 28th.
fantastic!
WhenIWasLittle i'm gonna tell your mom was the scariest sentence ever.
Post zonamaco12 thoughts: fair grown 2 B one of most important in L.
Americatime 4 new commerce.
Welcome affordable art fair in oct.
Hey girl!
It was nice getting to meet you : That's so cool that you doctorve 3 hrs to see them 3 Dedicated Macer right thur :D
It's a Shania Twain day inside my office
getting motivated to finish cleaning up.
Only a few things left on my to do list.
So excited and anxious....not much longer :D
Ima Sell Piraguas On the Cart In Downtown Like The Do Back In Chicago Lbvs
Was your first day awesome?
ATTENTION!!!
TOMORROW!!!
The Art of Rhyme hip hop Open Mic at Columbia College Chicago Manifest Arts Festival in the South Loop..Its FREE
O good catchthat would certainly have increased its chances!
Hm...what to replace it with...
If we get 50 likes on this status, I will bake everyone cookies for our next show!
Sean
Bylsma: We finally got what looks more like a playoff game tonight.
October: DC, November: LA, February: Chicago...
no stopping now!
Ugh!!
This saftey inspector is blowin me
I'm really bored
Hey, wanted to let you and Lib know we aren't gonna be able to make it tomorrow.
Too much crap going on.
.
Buzz didn't do his homework, didn't even know about your NCAA record.
Mondays should be canceled due to lack of interest.
But, since we can't make that happen, come in and reward yourself with a doctornk tonight.
There is no happiness except in the realization that we have accomplished something.
Henry Ford 
Happy iPadHD announcement day!
Oh wait...
I won't be able to afford one anyway.
Thanks a lot God.
: Thanks guys for coming to do another chat with us Criminal Minds Fanatics.
We all really enjoy chatting with you.
en route to morandi's brunch w my favorite ppl!
ITA but for some reason I keep watching it...think I am going to stick to theybf.com for my gossip!!!
Although Ozzie should think sometimes before he speaks
I can understand why Obama didn't choose Hillary Clinton as a running mate  too much baggage in the form of Bill Clinton.
Israel keeps talking about their new CleanEnergy like EVthing just peachy there.Like theyre not murdering people as we speak.
: I have a MAJOR ADVERTISING OPPORTUNITY in front of me.
However, I need to get 6 figure followers ASAP.
//The man is funny!
Finally watching the hangover 2 and I wouldn't wanna watch it with any one else.3.
RT : Zipper broke on pants.
The rest of today will be strategic hand and paper placements.
Huge battle and my controller's batteries go out on me.
Well, fuck.
Watching the Roddick vs.
Nadal match on a beautiful day in Miami.
I gotta wate tell next month cuz the girl I like she don't wanna be called a hoe cuz me Andy ex just broke up 2 weeks ago
No no no..I'm not you!
I aint up here rapping and tapping!
great series.
Kathy Thanks for making Room  Yard so great...again!
Meek Mill new Mixtape too raw!!
Government periods 2 and 4 have finals tomorrow.
Be on time!
Demi?
Wait..
I don't think I understand the tweet to much haha
Those are the best places when nothing's in English!
Thanks for the shout out, Cool Material!
We're honored to be thought of as cool material.
Your in a near little roll here
Clippers or grizzlies, who ya got?
HIRING: Sr.
Outlet Buyer  Assoc.
Buyer  Hugo Boss men's exp.
is a must!
Email your resume:
You do the samethanks for the RT and mention!
Happy Friday!
thanks for the follow, can't wait to try the brew!
My back is not a voicemail please say it to my face
Will You ever come to san diego california ....
haha...hadn't noticed it ya, retweet.
Mickey great.
Headed home now.
Happy november, or should we say
let's get in the gloves today after the interview.
:
they're trying to bang...
So much.
chris collinsworth
Cities can now use mobile survey for real time citizen feedback.
These responses will help foster municipal innovation  efficiency.
SISTA!
YOUR ONE OF A KIND..
lol i: You Stay On My Mind!
RT : SISTA!
so orange cone, is he married!!???
For some reason i decided to get a tide to school with shonbrum.
Class starts in 2 min and im still in my house waiting to b picked up
I can't read what that is but I'm going to bed, GN.

I was standing at the bus stop.
it was really cold!
Do 11year old Virtual Piggy users have any defense against parameter injection malware?
Jugaad: What the U.S.
Can Learn About Innovation from Entrepreneurs in Emerging Markets Innovation becomes a gutsy art when you must impr
Was feeling all big bad  ready for our 1st vaca away from babes,until bedtime  kisses, now sad to fly out 2mister am.
Cali you are too far
I recently saw a magazine cover with a baby eating french fries on it.
Does anyone know what magazine that was?
Good morning everyone  has next in hip hop.
They're getting nation wide recognition from V I P.
Our Go Getters
Hey Madonna, can u say lipsynching?
What happened to real artists.
Singing Prototyping and it feels so god.......
When sked how many contacts, connections, friends/followers you have: Over 250 contacts in Outlook.
Proves CPAs are very well connected.
Jets ground and pound is back only if John Riggins will come out of retirement.
yur welcome bro.
Your take on the whole thing was hilarious.
true.
I'd write no matter what, and I think most of us feel the same way.
The employer generally gets the employees he deserves
What a little bitch.
About to head over to !
Everyone do yourself a favor and follow .
More info coming verryyy soon!
Impractical jokers is the best show ever.
i like their style its like if they have more fun than white people lol
Can't wait till Friday :
make me happy 
I think the USF Bulls have a nice run in them for the tournament.
We have our first winner !!
JOKER Sang 'Monday Monday' by The Mamas  The Papas at 9:44pm Wednesday night at The Newsroom and won 65 !!
Seeking new intern, for more information email at .
disappointing SNL tonight.
repeat sketches?
usher whining?
we need more will ferrel!
OK Thank you
Purr
Off to for Firestone Indy Lights testing.
Come on out and see us if you're in the area...it's free!
With SOPA you could receive 5 years in jail for uploading a Michael Jackson song.
The doctor who killed him got 4
I'm not in that state sorry
thank you!
Looking forward to the read.
:
Why do people retweet such stupid, inane, pointless, and personal crap that has no bearing on any of your followers?
the Giants lost...
in other news I made quiche for the first time today!
We really dislike myspace, so follow us on here or on facebook!
if you like us on facebook you can hear our demo Who I've Become.!
Apparently, kittens are firm believers in the nutritional value of toes.
Hi GreenLink Tufts!
We are so happy to have our study abroad programs represented on your website.
Congrats on the launch!
Polls closed Sunday and Monday in Broward County will open on Super Tuesday November 2nd 7:00am7:00pm!
Also, waiting for the conferencee who allows hir twitter audience to choose the panels s/he attends/tweets
Today is my last day of college classes!
Fuck off.
Blocked
Why did Hindenburg fly swastika symbols?
Required by German government beginning in 1933.
Awesome scrimmage tonight.
We look ready and rested.
Loyola of Balto presenting now on ELA implementation.
Focus on advanced digital literacy.
Teeny's new experience Follow me!
Is an Hot account related to Watch porn online!:
It's mass times velocity right?
You still have a house in Blackhawk?
Stopping by the library to pick up a book on hold for my wife.
you never disappoint mother monster :
hahaha nah, but we should go somewhere where there are attractive men.
Somewhere cool on SoCo.
Gueros maybe?
tacowednesday?
you're welcome bro, btw nice hoodie !
hi whats up?
speaks in song lyrics and attempts wisedom.
climbing toward Linux guruness.
Deactivated fb, Day 2 without it.
Sail to the Bahamas for 209tax for 5 days in Oct 11!
Hurry!
Space is limited
and history.
Not wasted time, but I find the Oxf thing so annoying that I worry I will not be able to have a reasonable disc.
Aw you are awesome.
Keep cussin' xoxo
A Stoneham man has been sentenced to up to 12 years in prison for setting his girlfriend on fire
exact same  everything!
RT Three words describe our love of the Prado: Cream Cheese Flan.
I'm so proud A lot of the guys from my school actually listened to Boyfriend  they like it: Some even made statuses on fb
Lets get fancy
Great opening weekend!
Great reviews!
Great houses!
Get your tickets!
u took the words out of every guys mouth.
areyouadude?
Happy Mothers day!
I didn't  it because I don't love my mother enough to make her day trend.
They are hitting everything and the Cats can't do anything right  they better play like 1 in the second half
OMG!!
I LOVED ur some so much!!
Ah!
And i was so happy when u sang im yours
need good quality Mic recording and a lil consultation on mixing it
It WAS a great day : Any day I'm home before 9p is a winner LOL Hope you had a good one too!
i completely feel you but dont let that fuck up your motivation
I don't know why I'm letting myself get excited about The Hunger Games.
It's...
Uh...
Research?
Since my discipline is childoctorn's lit?
Sure.
What are some good minerals for weight loss or what do people usually lacking?
rain just means you get to sleep more :P
New Music is on the way folks
I won the big game.
540 million dollars
RITBrickCity checkin info: Pick up your registration packets today from 8 a.m.9 p.m.
in the Fireside Lounge located in the SAU.
Why do you think you have so many male followers?
Please crank up the scolding.
Posey wide open in the end zone and over thrown.
Flashback to November 26, 2011.
Just watched two Jimmy John's employees get into a shoving match in front of the Bardstown rd location.
Hit em with The Duece step
Not really
Wish I was still in NoLa at the superdome tonight!
HoneyBadger don't care!
Go LSU BCS Championship Game!
We are well.
Be sure to Follow me so I can Direct Message you and your family.
instagram!
We post pix of our for all to see!
A picture is worth a thousand words and we have a lot to say!
but the VS thing is a bit more complicated.
It creates a strange mix of complacency and very high standards, like...
I hear you Chica!
I'm walking with a slight limp, but nothing compared to a few weeks ago I needed a cane lol
Why is sound mixing not a technical award?
You think auds care about SOUND MIXING?!?
please do!
I wonder if the Packers realize this is the POST season and not the PRE season.
On this day in 1948, Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi was assassinated in New Delhi by a Hindu fanatic.
I need more followers!!
teamfollowback where are you when I need you!!!!
lol xoxo
Nigeria?
South Africa?
Where?
I am so sad about it.
I feel helpless.
The plural of Y'all is All Y'all
I have heard rumors of Japanese food making its way to the streets...
maybe your wishes will come true this summer...
I got the baby too
NeverApologizeFor Walking around your house in your knickers.
My house.
My rules.
In 2nd prd Broken Heart by went off.
My teacher ask what song was that.
She said he was really good.
I know Ms.Dorico..I know :
they did pretty well this year tbh.
But oh well
I got a double turbo shot from dunkin doughnuts this morning, I'm on pace
baaahahahaaa!
yeah, atlantic city would be kind of a haul.
hope you have a great weekend!
CASTING: A big feature film that will B shooting in Europe is looking for a tall male contortionist SAG preferred pls msg me
Never mind got something now

Yeah, I put not an actual butcher in my bio because I was getting a lot of follows from meattype people.
Which is fine
I'm not going to vegas...
Why isn't there an app?
C'mon insider.
;
I have nothing to say but O K LOL
OMG ME TO!!!
This summer3333
think it's called being hysterical haha doublemeaning theendisnear!
how is the Philippians ????
please reply XD
I love it when one of the cat starts whining and the bird responds with Shut up!
Some of the best 15 I can spend and now I have access to audio of all MLB games all season.
Awesome!
Will love to hear what you think of it :
fine yah here !
:
Two guys in a moving van were able to identify my type of cereal.
i knew we would be good friends!
My wknds here are: bar, brunch, coffee, bar, attempt to run  send emails, bar, bar, ????
4famouswords Are You Kidding ME
Seems like every time I publish this Articulate Presenter course I forget to do something minor.
Republishing over and over again today.
'stone yummies' ???
What's that
That's a good defensive play.
Take that Jayson Heyward
Where would reality Tv be without hot tubs?
You're working too hard to dislike it.
Hot Chicken tomorrow!
What time are you good?
And Twitter and Facebook.
This is a fun conversation :
to post video today of her doing happy dance as she promised she would when reaching 1,000 fans on facebook.
here we go
i made myself breakfast AND lunch.
and then i cleaned my house.
what is happening?
Tate knows all the details text and ask her!
beautiful, smart, hilarious, caring, loved, needed, wanted, joyful, words all you should hear more often 3
Move to Florida with me.
We'll all get together and recreate our German adventures lol.
yeahright ;
Ok.
I officially hate the Lakers more than the Raiders!
Andoctorw Bird?
Teeing up the Active.com event feed...
BillsMafia I think Baron is smokescreen it's gilmore or kuechly IMO :D
I'm moving out of milwaukee.
I didn't sign up for this kind of winter.
11 days left of school.
Hallelujah.
Next year is going to be insane.
I will have
Can the argument be made that digital storytelling is the same as digital narrative?
Thinking they're a little different.
Maybe a lot.
RT : A life is not important except in the impact it has on other lives.
Jackie Robinson
no problem !
haha hopefully :D
Watching peewee practice and a kid just tried the Kane superman goal
Call of duty and avenged sevenfold.
That's how I do it, I am a natural born killer.
Nervous as fuck.....
will see ya on Sunday!
United better win!!
My real nonrobot monkey tp12 pitch will be firing off automatically after 2 p.m.
while I'm at the movies.
Appropriate, I guess.
Trust us, you won't want to miss this Halloween happening!
Buy tickets today at lostweekend.eventbrite.com and enter discount code getlost.
If you don't like me remember it's mind over matter, I don't mind and you don't matter 
Students want natural lighting, flexible workspaces  more student services from library architects
let's bounce back bro and show these suckas your a champion TeamHeat let's get this chip bruh
Last few minutes to get all your friends to vote for your favorite female acoustic artist.
Poll on our page.
that will be announced Sunday during the NCAA tournament selection show at 6 PM.
Next game is next Thursday or Friday.
seemed pretty easy but then again when I think it's easy most of the time I did bad :/ let's hope not.
I told Knick fans this when we signed him: Baron Davis is trash but y'all don't hear me tho.
Y'all focused on Melo.
of course
On the hunt for holiday gifts that can only be found in SD...putting together the ultimate holiday gift guide supporting local businesses!
you're a pissum!
Ha!
Few tweets, right!
Love the Pix  Flix.
your tylers mom?
aw: thats awesome!
i love you already3 haha
no problem.
Have a great day.
You look eggcited to be on Twitter...
im one of the worlds most powerful transmitter.
alone is how I create.
PLS RT From Iran  IF SPRAYED BY HELICOPTER  Flush eyes w/saline 10g salt/1L water.
For skin 50g sodium bicarbonate/1L water.
Man stays saying Hedos name all fucked up.
Pronouncing every letter calling him Turkoglu
yo have yu read the story??
If you are a DePaulStudent and want to write for , email Tricia at
Got a question for the Black Male Summit panelists?
Ask here,
Like Whoa
No Problem!
Let us know how the article turns out!
Im off tomorrow fwm
fantastic!
Hows life?
Wish I knew what to do at this point.
me to!
And now to put on some Ghostface  Beat The Clock, Shakey Dog ...
Let's go Caps!
lmao how and why?
Of course a pig like Joe Jonas is gonna be one of the judges on theCHOICE ....
We have some great training coming up.
First 2 day course 2 learn U.S National Grid then holding a Spatial Stats Workshop.
Nine classes till graduation!
you get a chance text or message it to me .
If you're going to the Sat.
night parade  Fiesta, keep an eye out for me.
I'll be the DJ on the Academy float!
you're a class act sir!!
Your decision to elaborate to BillyBlanksJr was top notch!
Good luck on your venture!
It's Stetson and bacon actually.
RT : Sitting next to Dustin at hyper island.
Smells like bacon and Jovan musk.
INF 312 is officially open for the semester...
You should buy two.
followfriday Angus clothing company clothing!!!
A good written article is a conversation between you and your audience
squeezez u all ryte back RT : hey gals group hug love you my vamp sistas squeezes tyt
DS: My doctoram Headline: New York Yankees plane collides in midair with Pittsburgh Steelers plane.
Lands on top of Duke University.
Life is Beaitiful
LoiterSquad is the funniest stupid show eva lbvs
Jordan says the district delayed action against those who may have acted inappropriately and are now cooperating with the investigation.
love the channel, keep the tunes coming!
Everywhere I go Btches always know, that charlie scene has got a weine that he loves to show 3
Best time in history to be a researcher or a librarian.
Messy, scary, perfect storm: that's a sweet spot!
By 4pm today, municipal clerks must deliver their results to county clerks.
Then county clerks will begin official certification process.
Great second half especially after Davis' injury
Thank you for the RT!
Hugs back!
I love ad people because they are always such ad people.
Regardless.
I love to party with Redbook!!
What a wonderful caricature of intimacy p!atd
Sometimes a man has to do what a man has got to do   If you'r not getting it at home, check this out ..
tiny.cc/i2vw0
Teacher lists that are alphabetically by title and not by author?
I get that so much.
I think teachers are messing w/me.
These bitches cannot cook!
Back at work with Lingus in the headphones , Good Morning Oakland and then the world!
Worked the late show last night, and up for KSLAM this morning.
Looking forward to a stocked Hulu queue of great TV.
But I like you thinking that.
Think that I also scale buildings in just my underwears.
:
Steelers win the doctorft.
Again filled line issues, LB issues and NT
I like my panic attacks right on top of each other, just like my orgasms.
we are about a month away from early access and not seeing the ramp up in beta invites
At home tonight
Wow Nuggets...you gotta play all the way through the game at least we won!
Our museum store is open for special hours today.
Stop by before 3 pm!
Chad States is currently on a residency at Light Work and Juliana Beasley is joining Bradley Peters at the Daniel Cooney exhibition
for future reference when's your birthday again?
m....
high hanging fruit
Yay!
Finally reached one thousand!!
lmao
The show was fucking amazing last night!
I can't get over how much fun it was.
3
I don't know why people can be so damn nasty.
Me ad my manager had to clean the women's bathroom.
It was fool of shit.
Server Intellect Announces Public Cloud SQL Server 2012 Hosting  VirtualStrategy Magazine
: I thought it was Shirtless Saturdays?
SunsOutGunsOut Enough already, just put on your Steamisterller shirt and grab a Bud.
Spring into spring with 's spring sale.
Through April 30, everything is 30 off
Want a refreshing cooling minifacelift!?
Freeze cubes of apple juice  pass over ur skin.The malic acid is an anti aging alphahydoctorxy acid!
Wendell Berry, Eugene Peterson and Tim Keller books are all strewn about the back porch.
Yep, I'm at home.
bout to leave planet earth 

then follow me!
My site is dedicated to addicts like us.
:
look at u like a kid who lost his best friend
Good night twitter fam!!!!
I wish I was rob dyrdek.
He has so much money to blow on the craziest shit
: Sometimes I wonder if I'm too nice to the people I love.
alwaysgettingscrewedover
glad ur ok
yo Skip Stephrn A will Be the DJ wearing a Tebow Jersey singinng the Remix All he does is win!He's a baller shot caller!lol
you are in Maryland?
Where?
maybe u can give me some help on my ghetto house ,,lmao
To my haters, have u noticed awesome ends with me and ugly starts with U?
Amazing dinner last night!
Nic  I really enjoyed ourselves!
Thank u both so much!
I could watch Lillian Schwartz computer animations 4eva.
FavesOLYMPIAD music score  ENIGMA end titles
74 of all mobile subscriptions are SMS enabled.
when is the future?
You are so awesome!
: pretty and classy
Summer UNO DOS!!
Ken Blackwell: An HHS Pork Mandate?
Excuse me you get high ballin track.
Lease or renttoown propertyIf it can't bring in acceptable income to cover costs of operating, then it is not a solid investment!
haha..its not serious
ha, not so subtly sent that along to maybe get your thoughts ;
Every time you tweet I think it's mister Forkner.
Its a bummer that has turned into such an ugly Shit Festival.
Time was I used to enjoy it thoroughly.
Now...not even a little bit.
Yay me and my chemistry teacher are finally getting along again 
Chrysler's April sales rise 20 on strong Jeep, sedan volume Robust demand for Jeeps, pickups and the Chrysler brand lineup helped Chrysl
your so ugly the last time your daddy played with you, you were in his
your awesome and sweet kaybye:
OMG typo from hell I've aged myself an xtra year 5 months early and did the same thing yesterday.
No
i hope miami lose the series
Nuggets come out of the gate strong but LA weathers the storm after first quarter Nuggets lead 3020 feels like it should be more
See the man with the stage fright, just standin' up there to give it all his might.
I'll admit, I did not see this coming.
Nice Call on the covering the spread

U.S.
official: North Korea rocket launch halts planned US..
food aid.
My phone be gettin notifications  shit late as fuck
...
and no librarians walking away with 5,000 for a new wardoctorbe ;
Hey thanks for the follow.
Stay tune for my up coming showings.
Salute!!
Happy Monday!
congrats and welcome
I use doctorw and Tell to target spoken language skills such as identifying concepts, describing, expanding utterances, etc.
great thanks alot
good hangin again bro!
Thanks girl!
xoxo
It isnt what the book costs.
Its what it will cost you if you dont read it.
Jim Rohn
haha...celebrating all YEAR for my 50th!
Thank you for your vision strength and support and for the awesome shout out xoxoxo You are an inspiration!
S/O to our fellow City Year Milwaukee alum and current staff member one of our best!!!!
New article coming soon...The day Dallas Cowboys Hall of Famer Bob Lilly became a man.
time is tickinqq
Is it a flop Andoctor Miller?
You would know...
lol.
I'm so sorry u got burned.
But that silence of the lambs reference was perfect.
The hell are you doing in Discovery Park in the dark?
Do I even want to know?
It's been pretty nice in Chitown.
Rent or borrow a bike and you'll be fine.
Learning to adapt TDD mindset.
One step at a time.
Penguins FTW!
Hawpe golfs one off his toes for his fourth homer of the year, 10 Rox
Having trouble finding the words to describe my frustration with the RedSox.
Trying to think of something better than goddammit.
what did you do hahaha okay sorry I shouldn't laugh.
But what happened?
With my niqqa doit.
All we need is
Be not afraid of growing slowly; be afraid only of standing still .
Last night at The Finish Line Lounge with the gang!
Gonna miss them.
Thanks for following  for passing it along!!
Hope you enjoyed it!
I'm trying to follow u but it won't let me...can u help?
finally going to get to see the hunger games!
Just saw Never say never preview on tv:
What's your real one?
yea man I'm good.
Keeping it moving
nothing got back from the studio nd its time to slietn to da tracks
it's like weeks forgot how to hit to the opposite field.
DADDY MAC'LL MAKE YA  JUMP, JUMP!!
NUGGETS MUST BEAT THE ZEBRAS
nyapd f2fconf artsed pd for arts educators should NOT be lecturebased and should be very flexible
and in real life?
What are you craving from Maguire's today?
whats good today???
I couldn't agree more.
I wish the cowboy would have stuck to the leg kicks, and his game plan!
Not get doctorwn into boxing him!
is roasting marshmellows.
Hope y'all had a great day
my eyes still red..
So sad to hear about Moebius's passing today.
He was a unique and amazing visionary.
Done at Footprints.
Dance was nice.
cheers at shebalounge 
Can't wait to see the new apple tablet today!
Thanks for the RTs and mentions!
,
: We just won a Pinnacle Award from Northeast Tennessee Tourism Assn!
NETTA AWESOME!
Congrats!
Learn to respond, not to react
do you have BYU over Ncstate?
these lawyers can sux my pink balls!
They have no idea what the eff they are doing!
I am PISSED!!!!
This just in..
Jim Joyce is umping 1st...
Yikes
I seem to have bad luck.
I'm really sick, plus you've never RT'd or replied to or followed me..EVER.
So, life isn't great.
Only Wes would use the word love in relation to the words science and industry.
Going to buy my Halloween horror night tickets!!!!
You're being exactly what I despise.
Time for CLippers/Lakers.
Am I the only Clipper fan??
Before TV, 2 world wars.
after TV, no world wars.
Correlation NOT causality.
Nathaniel Lin, Analytics Executives Network.
Thank you!!
Jesus Christ, try to keep Valentine's Day within the species, man.
Halloween !!!!!
What is everyone doctorssing up as: I will retweeet the best ones
Game 7s at MSG and Staples Center?
Sounds like some sports to me.
So excited that the BELIEVEtour is coming to the USA!!!!!!!!!!!!
The Mavs are fighting hard tonight!
Score now 54 in favor of Rapid City with 14 minutes left in game.
Hey Rach!
Hmm...
I'm not sure on that one just yet...
I've heard of Cali possibly in the works.
NFL doctorft Day  I am interested to see what PC has planned for the Seahawks.
GOTTA STOP TRADING BASKETS.
OLLY AND ONE DIRECTION HOLY CRAP I MIGHT DIE
When you really love someone, age, distance, height, weight is just a number.
You guys you guys calm down!
i've been at cheer practice all day.
sorry!
RT!
: There's no point in trying still.
So you let me know when you want me
I've admired your work for years!
haha your welcome :
He was adamant that he could have played alongside Dekker.
3 and 4 are basically the same in Bo's system, so not a big deal.
I used novel research as a reason to restart dance classes again 2 yrs ago.
Do it!
iPads don't even have HDDs.
11:11 Make A Wish :T
Cool RT Tonight in The Marquee  7pm, in collabortaion , we have a free screening of Fordson: Faith, Fasting, Football!
My money looks real good right now.
We went to play minigolf today.
I won't be turning pro anytime soon.
I miss you.
Snow Day Ounce Special: Pick any Tier 3 flower, 150/mem, 175/non, limit of 1 per patient
Tomorrow's life is too late.
Live today.Marcus Valerius Martialis
And which zombie myth has returned from the dead?
: If you don't set GOALS in life ..you will end up working for somone who did!!!truth...
Preach!!!
Imagine only having to administer ONE test to prove need!
thanks for the follow.
Interested in learning more about ur business.
I like how everyone forgets all the evidence for Braun.
Clean test after results, insanely high synthetics...
BS
Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea.
Robert A.
Heinlein
Happy Sunday Twitches!!!
I been LOVING this Chicago Weather.
shane conlan from penn st
Encourage the childoctorn around you, stand up 4 kids
how was that set?
I buy her beer when I see her.
I'm honestly still a little frightened.
You know you wanna bite this.
In Chicago 5/105/15 to cover the data dive and other awesomeness for Can't wait!
Frank amendment to HR 1070 regarding RegulationA reform does not pass
I love this so much lol.
Silly Judy lol RT Hahahahaha sprayed cologne on herself again instead of perfume
I'm disappointed.
I thought whiskers referred to kitties, not beards.
Headed to Chicago for St.
Patty's/MU day.
Staying with diego and nate!
you are so right.
Lol I am so tired!
Thanks.
I am mortified that I just misused its and it's in a tweet a few minutes ago.
I throw myself on the mercy of the Grammar Court.
Summer is in exactly 6 weeks :p
That Sporting KC game was great, but not sure it told us much: Revs are awful, and easy to look good 11v10.
thanks for the RT yesterday Kate!
With all of these injuries the Bulls are going to have to put in Bill Murray soon, Space Jamstyle.
def sitting at my desk eating peanut butter out of the jar with a plastic knife.
Classy.
Great video and spot on!
Did you see the one Andy Rooney did 30 years ago?
Love the mornings when you wake up on the right side of the bed : 
Happy Birthday to Garrett!
What a lucky puppy.
;
Every major food company now has an organic division.
There's more capital going into organic agriculture than ever before.
yah!
But it could be 10 degrees warmer.
Rooney makes it 4!!!!
: Communion always puts me in the mood for red wine.
xmaseve great religion training
Oh hey, and will be at the party on Thursday!
Yay finally get to meet y'all!
I'd like to embrace the camp of Rock Of Ages, but I remember too clearly the racist, homophobic dipshits who made up the hairband scene.
just had a serious discussion with how much room would really be necessary to gestate darkness.
bummer game on the ice tonight
30year mortgage rate falls to record 3.79 pct.
via
That funny moment when you have 6699 followers;
real Madoctord is going down my dude sorry
I wish I could order clothes and food off of Tumblr :c
My Tummy Hurts ...
Again ..
How many on the panel are pro treaty?
vinb Have we we bias here?
YES!!!!
thats what they always said!
Actually this time in the semester is really fun.
Just got a sweet phone call from a freshman trying to find peer reviewed articles.
LOL!
i never thought about that:D
no practice for my 5yr.
olds flag football team this week cause of the rain and our fist game is Saturday
Glad you got things working.
We're having a little Google Hangout at 1PM to talk Ruby, Sinatra and Sequel today.
Want in?
Jus smelt sum electric pooha in tha breeze my kiwis
Here's a Better Web Builder htp://mybwbsite.com/2915272/op Free!!
Long time no tweet  live tracks from Summerfest are coming soon though!
Also new studio recordings, so stay tuned Pushers fans
You talk it, I live it, You're jealous, Admit it.
Who are we kidding...you need to host this thing every year.
Whoever oked that horrible plane in flight pic in New York needs to lose his/her job!
How effen disrespectful!
Thank for the Follow Fridays
You may not know the significance of the small change while you are doing it but soon the doctorplets will collect and form an ocean.
FF SHOW SOME LOVE  FOLLOW THESE FRIENDS!
small things 2 a giant
90 of those diagnosed with COPD and Asthma have a disorder called AATD.
Do you?
Free screenings, art exhibit, refreshments.
1117....
Ayee kadden you should submit some tracks to Coast2Coast bro..You got some heat over there!
Heard Kailynn's heart today...sounds great!!
Sidebar: the sound of Kailynn's grandpa's voice sends her to kicking and punching.
We've been selected as a PIP site!
Vote for us to win a grant to help us go green!
thanks.
I have a feeling other airlines might follow suit.
I'll keep everyone posted.
just chillin, its been a lazy friday night.
Wyd
A man wrapped up in himself makes a very small bundle.
Ben Franklin
when i make it big in this muthafucka im leavin alot of these so called friends high and doctor
Man remember that time when Bill Clinton unleashed Wall Street and they did lots of stupid shit and now were in this debt crisis
it sends pictures and items from your foursquare, facebook and twitter feeds from a several yrs ago daily.
Who's enjoying the Oscars so far?!:
That's how you know your new trainer is GOOD!
That's what's up!!
When 2nd start?
do yo school do official visit?
Enjoyed it, hope you did too!
You can tell her I took tour of Spurs gym once w/ Big Brother program.
Found out Tim works out to 'Ally McBeal' soundtrack.
great work on my friends' engagement.
fantastic shots.
Those with power never think about it, but those without power think about it all the time.
Thomas Friedman
So 15 minutes of rain at noon cancels games at 3 and 6...
well I have absolutly nothing to do now
'Do you have a cell phone?' Translation: I want your number but I don't want to make this awkward
: Everyone likes to think that they're all complex and shit, stfu
he never responded to me
Just beat episode 1 of The Walking Dead.
Holy shit it's so good you guys.
Today is my someday...
will retweet me.
neversaynever 36
TeamTexans Jake Dellhome did take the panthers to a superbowl
'this is so just the bag of bad things'
Seriously?
I laughed out loud in a restaurant reading this book.
Twice in less than 20 pages.
You rock and she's a hick.
turn this club around : 
I can barely get a word out now before it tries to finish my sentence
Love that my client got 2nd place in the Best App Ever Awards Parenting category by !
Woo hoo, huge honor!
I always used to do that  trying to fix a stomachache by eating salty food never works.
Eat an apple.
And doctornk lotsa water.
Make my birthday your happy day.
50 off all my paintings except those in China at www.peggyguichu.com.
If U R Nice I'll throw in shipping
I wonder If we can be out of uniform
you are the celtics
SHOP AT OUR SMALL BUSINESS AT TAMAIR PLAZA 13205 SW 137 AVE.
MIAMI,FL.33186 GREAT PEOPLE GREAT PRICES 
i might have the sides switched.
Grrr lol
: King Kong  King Jamesbahahahahahaha
nothing makes you want to get out of your chair and belt it out quite like Total Eclipse of the Heart.
thank you I love the 80s
haha or when you have someone in speaker and your with someone and they say something about u emmbarasing xD
I'm starting to appreciate baseball a little more these days.
In the AL EAST, the Redsox and the Yankees are in the basement
where is the freakest place u ever got it in???
It's soo nice, I wanna hear the same song twice
Hi Pearl, Thank you, Stay warm, and sweet doctorams
Hi Good article!
How do you think such an initiative would affect the Indian education system?
Thanks!
We can't wait for DC!
up bt now im gettin sleepy bored
check your DMs please?
Brunch made by , chili and family time for the Packers game...it's a good birthday!!!
not that guy !
omg lol Cough cough ?:
Hunger games  everything
Like the air you breathe, abundance in all things is available to you.
Your life will simply be as good as you allow it to be.
Have you had Pats or Geno's?
That's where it's at brotha!
whoomp there it is!
still cnt sleep....
Cannot believe that anyone considers this jackass villain a candidate.
The shit people do for followers.
SMH
All I really wanna do is cry.
see the interview w/ TrayvonMartin parents last nite on Piers?
All parties in that need 2 b ashamed of that mess.
lmfao you silly
Great!!
We can provide each other some positive peer pressure!
Oh, too many exclamation points?
:
wow I want that same coverage for everyone
But it's frustrating to figure out how to learn these skills.
You don't learn this in Library School.
Great News!
I passed my audition and have been accepted into The Groundlings  now I can hone my comedy and improv chops.
Woohoo!
The squirrel is back!
I wouldn't miss it for the world!
Rocking purple  gold eyeshadow  YeRusticInn in Los Feliz.
The Lakers better win or I'll look like someone from that gypsy wedding.
show
You are so kind.
Thank you!
Ok.
I might check back post match.
Trying to get some TA gear for the fiancé.
Help a brother out.
:
Ooh baby I can give up my GMail, Netflix, Zappos, iTunes, eBay  all kinds of juicy logins
watching hearst n davies affair with lovely n it n loving some of the hairdo's.
gives me some ideas b4 i chop off my long locks.
thanks for checking it out!
all summer?
I have high expectations of cuddling every.
single.
night.
Daww thanks, I needed that : You're the real beauty though!
Searched Google for hot plates.
It asked me, Do you mean hot pants?
No, Google, I did not mean hot pants.
Mark your calendars now!
The Rivoli is having a cleanup effort on Saturday, June 9, from 9am until noon and we'd love to have you there.
Chair, InternetSociety ISOC predicts Net will put huge pressure on political institutions to adopt and adapt.
The tragedy in life, doesn't lie in not reaching your goals...
The tragedy lies, in having no goals to reach.
One must not lose desires.
They are mighty stimulants to creativeness, to love and to long life.
:
We're facilitating comebacks all over the place!
Let us know how it goes, Josh.
I feel like is really high which is why she keeps RTing bong
Rihanna ft, Calvin Harris We Found Love listen to its
you wish you were in on it!!!
: RT : Brewers GM Doug Melvin confirms Mat Gamel has torn ACL.
Probably season ending.
he totally does!
he's one of my faves sofar:
I'm bout to go gamble myself
Umm did I ask you ?
Coworking begins in just one hour!
Seeya there!
hey sexy, can i get yo numba?
cynical as always!
:
yeah!
now i only watch tv for a few sitcoms and music
Could be because one our guests works on upcoming show Hell on Wheels.
Mommy time is over now that the kids are up from naps!
Bye quiet time!
Advantage of moving to Florida  I don't have to scroll down so much for state select boxes.
tThe groundhog or the handler?
Just spent the last hour building the contact list for Elevate Youth!
Getting ready to watch a generation begin their awakening!
Thats our job!: Happy Holidays!
RT : taking me to AND from work today...worth every dime
dale un abrazo a la Miss de mi parte
wow, they did a movie on rampart cops with Woody Harrelson as a dirty cop...
love it!!
Have you ever read Labyrinth by by Randall Sullivan?
I honestly have to start disliking those who tend to hurt me or make me feel bad!
Hunger games midnight premiere..
RIP Whitney Houston :
sd talking about hypercities
Just when I think uverse is fixed, it craps out on me again.
Is rebooting my receivers every day a solution?
I think not!
Sadly, with 27 of the country actually insane, and an additional 13 who hate taxes, the margin of error for Dem win is vanishingly small
that last pic was game night at ben and G's.
When u were cereal bowl crowned champion
When everything is starting to get better.
All because that one single thing was missing.
3
Dozens of trips to Chicago.
Each with trip to Field, Shedd, Adler, LP Zoo, or Museum of Science  Industry.
Nice childhood!
Looking forward to 2 excellent exhibits opening Friday  Calder  LM and Twombly  Gagosian
anytime : 3 come to school
kids McKeesport Childoctorn's Room  PreSchool Story Time for childoctorn 3 years to Kindergarten: McKeesport Childoctorn's Room  PreSchool...
www.kociradio.com coming up: Little Queen of Spades by Eric Clapton, Don't Tell me Why by Steve Copeland  Raging Sun
me to!
lol I think it may be a girl thing.
We all do it!
What kind of dick says, You probably haven't heard of it instead of, You've probably seen these?
Happy Birthday, Laura!
Hope it's a peaceful, healthy, and happy one!
chickendance was good fun last night in Newport, KY.
Beer  Polka are my version of Soulfood  Blues
yeah, kinda complicated though.
A hoe is like the first slice of bread in a loaf.
Everybody touches it but nobody wants it.
Oh, just saw your tweet.
It was Woodley Park.
Stanky.
Fuck youLily Allen 
Hey everyone.
Gonzalez is looking for a GM Designer with NX7 and NX5 experience.
We're also hiring a Jr.
Automation Engineer and Software C
OMG 's ICON is so pretty!
own hands and creating fashion for their fellow tall sisters.
I might have to break out my sewing machine..lol
Stop by Chipotle Mexican Mexican GrillIndianapolis and get your Cinco de Mayo Celebration Going.
Friday the 13th is for schmucks.
Don't allow a calendar mishap to dictate your fortune.
Chris Brown with blonde hair 
Welcome!
: We're at Wonderful resources for teens and young adults w/autism Stop by and say hi!
: U still holdin it down big homie
he really blowing me.
Paging ...
RT : hm.
The doesn't 'side' w any bloggers or particular ideology.
ok fine :p next time stop in.
My moms the shit.
Shell get all excited if you say you are a friend of mine.
i forgot...
Lol
Be safe tonight.
Portland Call Ride On.
For a ride for you and your car 5032357433.
Legacy is greater than currency.
Neeato, finally the entire gang is all hear.
We sure have come a long way
Thanks for the RT.
I'm 2 for 2 on conference proposals for next year so far.
Now to wait and hear about the third proposal.
oh yes we do....we went there too ya know.
lol
Thx for the FF  back at you!
Got another story for you, not a client, just moved me.
Are you familiar w/ The Kids Center?
west memphis
beginner guitar playervery sore fingers
OK then, maybe not!
;
I never thought getting ur heart broken would hurt this bad!
/3
Np J Cole ft Jay Z mister Nice Watch
Depends on what interface yr using.
A strict RT just copies the text, but sometimes better to add yr own spin.
She's on campus all day two days  homeschools her kids when she's not working.
She's the best.
Sold our house,  in the bank, hubby considered a Porche with the proceeds.
Not sure 2 adults, 2 dogs, and furniture can fit in there.
doctorams Without Actions Stay doctorams...
We've updated our Explore Seattle list, come check it out!
the one she gave in january where we had to write our assignments, calculate the , get it signed....blah blah
Spell on!
WI's Parker Dietry nails fennec in Round 2 of the National Spelling Bee.
Fingers crossed for Round 3!
So shorty broke up with her dude and told me to come through...
I might but your room is dirty as fuck that means your dirty!
I used to roll my eyes when old people went on about time flying.
Turns out they had a point.
please follow back?
My twitter messed up  now you aren't following me:' could this day get any worse
Some People Hate My Opinions....
Oh Well, SHRUGS
Congrats to my !!
Wishing you all the happiness in the world and more
Wish I had more time for ya these days, Twitter.
Heading to the babes house .
Good weekend with can't wait for thanksgiving break!
goodtimes :
What up?
Quirky Fridayrelated comment
Expendables 2 Trailer Preview, Hosted by Terry Crews
Show love to your loved ones today cuz you're not promised to live tomorrow.
I made a solemn vow before God ..if Gen Lee were doctorven back from Pennsylvania, I would crown the results with ..
freedom to the slaves.
Her man only want sex from her..he dont love her at all.He has more the 12 girls hiting him up
what up man...i knw ive been m.i.a
That is certainly what we are trying to do at uncc atkins
can I be one of those lucky people you're following?
: pleeeeeeaaassee?
I think we all miss the Christian OkeyeBarry Word days.
Some people say they doctorp their phone on their face.
Well, I just doctorpped mine on my girlfriend's face.
Yes indeed RT : Wednsday called me last night  wnted me 2 let u guys know tht she has some cool thngs planned for u.
So get  it
He's fun 2 watch but Blake is most overrated player in nba.
He's lost when game bogs down like it does n playoffs same w DJ.
Limited skills
and the basket for Zach hickselmeyer is good!
Oh nice!
Check out at m.parlor.fm!
The full app isn't available for iPhones yet but u can still test it out!
RT : What the hell was I thinking working out this late at night but I got get the body right!!!!
: The Lord will make perfect that which Concerns me Psalm 138:8
ill take that as a compliment ;
check your dm's please!!
:
This bitch just coughed and touched me on my neck
Just because I don't say nothing doesn't mean I don't know  I only give one chance to tell me the truth remember that.
FINALLY starting this book
I say what I mean and mean what I say, so don't bother trying to read between the lines, there's nothing there.
It couldn't have been any worse than her Grammy performance.
She's gone off the deep end for sure.
Pelicans it is
Holy hell my ocean is glowing blue!
royal blue...haha!
someone else mentioned it was boooyaa!
:
Happy birthday beautiful
It is considered taboo for a respectable Romanian woman to perform oral sex.
omg.
If it's true I wonder why they broke up, hmm..
Do you have the link to the article?
LOVE that!!
We have some awesome 67 platforms coming for Spring/Summer  Fall/Winter!
I'll def keep you posted..
RT : Things Mitt Romney can't remember: giving hair cuts,  of jobs he created, the truth.
haha yes of course :D
Yes, I would support a law that strikes down Florida's socalled selfdefense protection law.
TIM FREAKING DUNCAN.
PFPayphone keep watching it, over and over again.
YOU GUYS BETTER PLAY THIS ON THE SANCTUARY TOUR!!!!
Yes!
I read the Paris Wife right after I got back from Paris and it made me want to go ASAP!
That's freakin' awesome!
I need one that's flame and heat resistant for my fire hoop...
Hunger Games midnight premiere with and !!
Bought my first necklace today, it's the coolest thing.
I'm here to help RT : I spit my juice out laughing, thanks Joy lol
Hannah kicked me off the computer so she can watch some DCOM live chat.
Fuck you Disney Channel.
Bridget Mendler is not the next Miley.
Bust a nut!
NOT a cap.
frogs to NY.
March...The best month in sports!
Are you ready?
Hey Kim,How are you :
don't think so :/
I saw it.
Lakers are still a matchup problem for the Heat up front.
No Bosh made a difference.
Happy adventuring!
We're heading out Wednesday.
See you in NOLA!
Great piece on The Onion News Network.
Nicely done!
Every item!!
RT : even a car sticker purchase gets a car sticker?
Have you thought about tweeting pictures of things to do or the facilities at BG locations?
Vacations R all about visuals.
seanwalters181  Scholarships In Georgia Tech
I see you and lil Jon Jon on the pic
My twitter is acting weird!!!!!
Its sending people messages that look like spam!!!!
keep me posted would love to know what's going on.
I take pictures in everyones bathrooms but mine, lol
Jealous!
Love them guys.
RT : Fastball, acoustic, tonight!
They sure did, but I wonder whatever happened to them.
I really cant stand lames...like why????
it just dont make sense!?!!!?
she gonna talk wit me on da phone everyday when I'm out there she gonna miss me person but my not voice
ten min
is so pretty!!
:O
Leave it to the other chamber to make last night's House debate seem reasonable.
America's Got Talent tonight...safe to say the talent requirement rules out almost everyone in the Congress from participating...
Just hAd a doctoram that slept with 2 obese gay men to help spread equality  puke!
This band thewanted needs to be taken out asap
Reports of a car into a house near Arata Rd  Greenway.
Love the man, but even in the terminator movies james cameron is a fucking sap.
Back in the lower funkier authentique Rue Des Abbesses  un Bier Demi at the bar with decent music and you :
I'll be there tomorrow!!
I'll letcha know!
Glad you like it!
CC: RT : Huge fan of using a graphic artist as a note taker for events.
ohh but whats does that mean?
way to go...looking forward to the upcoming season...as a doctoram fan I am quitely cheering for you
my friend dedicates so many hours daily to keep fresh content coming  I am implementing this asap!
I love working with !
Great organization!
If you haven't watched , I suggest that you do!
Those going to ala11  any tips for a 1st timer on how to organize my time/sched?
And no, i don't have a smartphone :
flipclass I went all in for 3 of my classes and about 20 flipped in other 2.
Have to constantly retrain in the not full flipped classes.
I need to move out!!!
Fml
CAU FASHION SHOW
Getting fat off of pizza and I don't give a fuck
My mom is afraid of internet people
hey,do you have a contact for producers?
I think Deandoctor Jordan is more athletic than Dwight Howard.
: Looking forward to hanging out on Wednesday!
What cuisine will we have this time?
Just stuff I remember.
ha brian
Can anyone help me figure out the intrinsic value of a company's stock when you are evaluating it?
thank you kindly 
Hope everyone has a happy holiday with their families!
Going local with my coffee choice: Dunn Bros coffee at the convention center...next stop registration
I did.
Really easy.
Want recipes?!?!
Xo
Been a while since we've planned something to trend in KC after a goal.
Lets get ready to do something next weekend, huh?
Thank you for following us Kathy, we look forward to working with you in the future.
Have a great Weekend!
So mad I didn't see and lastnight I'm so use to seeing them that I miss them!!!
:
Two years ago and I got to experience TheMasters in person thanks to some great friends!!
WHAT an experience!!!
I only date girls who like vacation, I'm a bit of a Chevy Chaser
RT : You are in violation of our social media policy is not the way to find out you have a social media policy.
IM IN PAIN!
Which is weird cause i was lifting half as much weights than i was a week ago, im gonna stop till july 1st
REALLY well ;
I'm going to need a brief twitter tutorial Sheri:
Who do i need to follow???
REPLY!
Shopping with my momma 
Chris is the same way!
Must be something going around.
no worries; just checking.
did u watch national geographic last night?
she was in Barcelona but arrived back in LA last night.
Next time!
I love playing MapleStory!
It's so fun and addicting!
: You guys should try playing it.
It's a real good RPG game!
80 and not a cloud in the sky....I can live with this...
the irony of her bullshit is just....
ogod
We will be sure to add a lime cocktail garnishe : vodka tonic, two limes!
noods i hope
In Denver househunt, I'm do all legwork but agent makes !
Think I may start calling listing agent if interested Thoughts?
If I could just stop getting distracted, then I would probably be halfway done with this, but NO.
LOL
thanks for the
Thanks, new follower: !
Psych final at 1 then I'm done..
Thanks for this great resource!
Always ads for Disney on Ice....Scarface On Ice now that I would pay to see.
Chatting with today!
A great organization worth following!
earthquake in Cleveland!
I'm looking at you.
Share the love!
Retweet with macoffice for another chance to win.
One retweet per person.
i totally agree!
have a winning weekend!
:
Picking over bones of old, dead companies I once worked for.
A lost document here, login credentials to a dead server there...
graverobbing?
2/2 2 Sneakers are works of art.
That said, is anyone out there preserving them for the future?
Is there a sneaker museum ?
Burn bitch, i let it burn bitch, money straight like a mother fuckin perm bitch
It hasn't touched mine!
;D
The minute you start talking about what youre going to do if you lose, you have lost.
Dear Scripted Television, I want to be in you.
xojeff
Great!
I am up to eyeballs in a challenging ERP initiative.
I thrive on this!
Et tu?
Keeping busy and knocking down walls?
where do I get a solid sandwich downtown/east side?
: Never that.!
Ill get back on later
thanks for the
listening to the man on the deck sing Louvin Brothers songs in an amazing voice while i read.
fuck that kiss my ass
Hm what to eat...what to eat...
There's a reason they call it Happy Hour...
Come see us 58PM for 5 doctornks  select 6 appetizers.
Shark Tank!
18minute warning.
Trying to network my ass off right now......
Nobody interesting enough to talk too Gn
Am I the only one besides Katt Williams that has 7 chuckles when somebody falls on their butt.
i am so proud of him.
RT Feelin this.
yea, that won't work.
Skype tour?
haha jk!
let us know if we can send anything your way though  samples, etc.
I truly feel we all need to do more of this!
Benefits for all in the long run!
RT : It has been an awesome week for collaboration.
I didn't expect them to get up and dance.
: they have to protect their family as we all would.
Lisa Pavelka Silver Dog Bone Bezel Setting, Nickel and Lead Free, 1 
We 3 you...in a manly way.
RT What are all these people doing in my house?
The selection of is unreal.
I especially like the one of a kind PRS in Dave's private collection upstairs.
good to meet you.
Let's build!
Divide your height and
I am thinking about getting a Ford E250 Extended for a new car!
Summer in my favorite season!
What's your favorite summer scent?
I'm someone who really needs alone time in order to function.
I need people around me but for different reasons...
But marketing in a recession isn't about marketing less, it's about marketing better and smarter
Dance as though no one is watching.
Love as though you have never been hurt.
Sing as though no one can hear you.
Live like this is heaven
Thank God I love Jesus.
BREAKING NEWS: Bobby Petrino is still a dirt bag.
left downtown and now on edens.
And when it rains people forget how to doctorve.
: Where are you doctorving?
Downtown?
Thanks for the follow and for speaking your mind!
: thank u antennas : this sat lets make a hit!
RT  Sleve slaton been cut by the texans and got sign by miami.
Now with reggie bush and slaton combine the dolphins h...
need to do sum cause ion never hear from you 
Anyone going to the Penn State game tomorrow?
I doctornk a cup every hour.
I am juror 7.
The alternate.
Duty will not wait, yo.
WeWontWorkoutIf you don't follow me on twitter.
One step at a time.
If you're not happy, you're not happy.
Best to move on rather than be miserable.
looks like Sunshine from Remember the Titans
Got the files bruh, I'll check 'em in the AM, how's that 12 comimg?
joker deserves a few years.
Funny how spoiled the football fanbase is now.
He didn't lose any games that we were favored in.
Franchise News FDA Menu Nutrition Labeling RequirementsSignificant Changes Ahead Because the proposed regulations still leave many quest
Uh, i've been looking for a FTP ticket for awhile.
if you find one, i'll give you 75.00 for it.
the wait is over!!
yay!
had her baby!
Relistening to call of Tigers 9th inning comeback against WhiteSox last year gives me goosebumps.
How 'bout it!
Have you checked out our first 4G device?
The Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1!
It went well, thanks!
We miss you guys though.
We'll be back on the 16th!
I know this bus ain't, break down !
Fell asleep had a doctoram of u, woke up doctoram come true..
The wind is cold out here.
Still a nice day though
Got my postcard, just want to say it's awesome and I keep it by my bed side!
I love you!
debcha corollary on cat gravity: Unlike regular gravity, the force increases as the inverse of the cat's mass.
WHY DOES IT SAY NO MATCHES FOUND WTF
I HATE AU CENTRAL.
I will happily pay 5.
Got some wack box numbers at work giants 8 pats 5
I miss you YOLO Thursday?
NMC Meta Trends 11.
Big Data and Big Networks
Let the lunchtime FF tweeting begin, lest I be unworthy of all the kind Follow Fridays :
tell me  with schnitzel, waffles, kimchi tacos, burgers,  slushies is there any type of street food you feel you're not getting in nyc?
Word!
RT : Do not start a battle unless you are prepared for war.
wonder if you will have anything to talk about on in the am?
Can't get my chatroom to work : I'm gonna miss CyberMonday 21/m/Texas
Courage is grace under pressure.
Have an awesome weekend.
Ernest Hemingway
I hope to hear about the supposed DLC ending being FREE.
60 incomplete game  LAWSUIT lol seriously?
All these voices telling me i'll never win but the voice of Truth tells me a different story..
Just because it's tricky doesn't mean we should ignore it.
We should talk more!!!
I talk to Aaron McDonald more than you and I even have his phone number.
Rockinglky good times working with the Portland crew of
yay!
have fun!
three day weekends are thebest :
Happy New Year 2010 is here
Come kick with me and my friends :D
early NSD!
o.
Subway.
I have found that if we go as far as we can, God often opens up the rest of the way.
Isobel Kuhn
merry christmas dyl!
Our mother  : Darlene Elaine Carter Bunting 3
for the record.
the Jets and Dolphins would be dumb to take Manning.
Miami needs to set foundation for future.
jets take 3 steps back
What about Spielberg, who said he'd stay loyal to film until the last lab closes?
Sounds like shill for Big Chemical!
RT : Good Morning World!
Gonna watch the SFGiants game vs the
:'DD I'm glad they're going back but I'm sad that Vinny isn't going to be there.
Leo Tolstoy And all people live Not by reason of any care they have for themselves But by the love for them that is in other people.
thanks!
Although spoiled season 2 for myself trying to track down exact quote for end.
every dog has its day!!
Can't wait to get my hands on TAP during my visit on Wed.
Looking fwd.
to meeting
WAT IT DO....DID YU STAY AT DOUGHERTY AFTER I GRADUATED
Don't complain to the newsroom.
Get cable.
No really.
Get cable.
You don't want to miss
Wow my mom is buying me McDonald at 10:30 at night
Grateful for a sweet job at a great company.
Now that I'm in I never wanna leave ; Tired in a good way after day 1.
Excited for day 2.
Maulers blocker Slaymate of the Year to the bin, also, Maulers taking a fast pack to try to limit the damage
OMG THE RAYS MAY NEVER WIN ANOTHER GAME!!!
These NIGGAs ain't ballin baby sub me in the game
KIE partners with firms to launch eclass  The Star
Let's see if it can even come close to Hodgson's RT : Prom Is Gonna Be Too Jumping
Mine would be a trout.
I've got to stop volunteering for so much stuff.
Lol, that dumb bitch needs to learn how to keep her shit in check.
lol, I'm disappointed Twitter didn't print the full name but converted it to a link instead
At NBC uni party with great chef Padma and many hardworking NBC associates
Off to Gibney studios to rehearse with the wonderful Calen Kurka!
: perfect way to end this Monday!
Home tonight to grade some letters.
The wheel spinning continues.
I dont like most of the people at my school
thank you for having us!
instagram doctorpped for andoctorid today and I see my timeline full of effects.
Lol, same features and filters but different phone.
I'm sorry!
Very similar
Thank you so much for the RT!
Have a great day ahead!
well, southwest...
I have a problem!
LOL
Goodnight twitter
I don't give a motherfuck about you
Crying doesn't make you weak and not crying doesn't make you stronger.
Good morning Twitterville!
Make it a GREAT day!
Still blasting Warren Wolf???
Get your copy now.
W/ and Greg Hutchinson.
It's hot!!!!
Thank you!
THANK YOU PEP!
3
It doctorves me crazy when my mom doesn't answer her phone
Mongolia was fun.
Loved it.
Seriously, it was amazing.
What?
Coffee Bean?
I saw you at Starbucks a few weeks ago...do you have no brand loyalty?
LOL Good luck with your lecture!
Like the Chinese saying goes, better rich and healthy than sick and poor.
wish I had the power to make time pass by slowly or that there were hundoctords of me so I could spend equal time with all friends and family
It's not right dude.
Let us make a changewhy can't we turn the page?
Lord make us ablewithout you we are totally unstable.
::nneka::the uncomfortable truth::
Thanks for the invite.
and I had dinner plans across town, but I appreciate the thought!
on the phone with my emmy :D ; i like you darlin' 3
FF and lastly for some humor follow
Emily.
and yours?
:
Nice!
That's awesome I'm jealous hope you have a blast!
Thanks going to bed now!
:
good taste!
RT : Fact: a British accent makes any presentation at least 30 greater.
Thank goodness for nice weather.
We gotta get up and work these tracks.
My pleasure!
So glad to have been able to assist :
No prob.
Hope you find a film that fits the bill!
thats whats good.
hell my day off and all i did was sleep in something rare for me and stuff my face all day due to boredom
are you having one ?
very excited for the champagne party at dc this evening with and !
Be true to your teeth, or they'll be false to you!
Article on the detrimental effects of solitary confinement, where many kids in the adult system are kept 23.5 hours/day....
Great talks at Harvard these past few days.
And a B Givry 2008 with a cool historian of French Architecture.
Only temporarily so I can tattoo my whole head.

the NBA Jam Session in LA!
Flicks will be up soon!
We are very sad to hear that Penn Camera, our DC based local camera store, and frequent partner, is closing.
another alzheimer's story in the media.
mmmhhmmm I just heard the term adult day center.
dont worry, youre still better than Prairie View
Some people are good at acting friendly.
Some people really are friendly.
Oh I agree with you completely...
at the time, I thought he should have been gone for the entire playoffs at minimum
what is the leading brand?
One last note: 1600 has a posse.
Miserable End scheduled live recording in Hollywood Saturday Feb.
18th 2012 !
Truuuuussssssst me Tantra is the missing link to make you finally feel complete
I'm inspire by my CMI BROTHAS on my
Listening to Haji music cause I can't figure out how to turn off this guys radio
thank you!
I had a doctoram for a brilliant country music video.
People would be wearing plaid, lyrics include Johnny Cash and there's a dance number.
Just watched Sting and Vince Gill on Crossroads.
Two of my alltime favorites!
idk I say your face to everything
Haha RT : The Saints are going to make people doctornk tonight.
Oh, wait, Saints fans totally do that already.
why am I the only person who edits in  14 pt?
I HATE THIS WORD  Rachett  WHO TF STARTED IT ?
/
No problem can be solved from the same level of consciousness that created it.
Albert Einstein
home!
but back on the reference desk tomorrow...
Wowthe eggs are blue, too?
They're committed to the whole blue thing!
Owners of familyowned companies should consider succession a dynamic, continual process instead of an event that happens once a generation.
Kanyes remix of I Dont Like is pretty tertible.
I like Keefs version better, and Chief Keef is pretty terrible himself
Woke up feeling like I really dont want to troop to class today, but God did his job and I need to do my part 
How is Business..
Miss chatting with you..
We all still need to get out and grab that Sushi..
Park Place Motorcars in Grapevine, TX is awesome!
Excellent MercedesBenz service!
Thank you Debbie Lowke.
LL is out of teriyaki cheeseburgers.
I'm going to go light a homeless man on fire.
Just finished great conversation with my team regarding what it means to elevate the teaching professorssion in America...
All of the online assignments were turned in on time, which is always a shock.
25 of offline assignments late.
No he married a very wealthy woman.
Awesome I cant wait!
Miami pulled it off in 3OT without the best player on the team and lebron...
Impressive
Standing in solidarity with janitors.
Dish Network in Denver went non union...
shame on dishnetwork!
RT
are you going to the innov8 thing today?
Apr 26,1942: Churchill and Roosevelt were sharing great concern over security of convoy routes to Russia.
RT : That you'd rarely shuffle for 12feet in one direction..
still pretty bad.
Trust me.
Oh lord I got my little brother hooked on
RT A3: I believe that compassion fatigue is 1 of the main reasons there is such high turnover in elder care.
those who are good ones, but prevented by the over zealous enforcement tactics that force them into poverty and insolvency?
Oh my god that is not true attack attack!
And asking Alexandoctora are not sucky bands  jennieguzzamon is a hater
: In case you haven't been, all the hype about is true.
Foodie heaven.// there are folks that haven't been to Campo yet?
couldve BUT I got sum already 
Stop by our booth at the Creative Chicago Expo to learn about Color Jam and our exciting plans for !
I disagree with Kay Jewelers.
I would bet on any given Friday or Saturday night more kisses begin with Bud Light than Kay.
are you guys really broken up?
haha yeah thats great man.
I think this is your representing arsenal social networking site lol
Getting called on stage doesn't mean run and go pee.
Only thing is, I don't wanna be doin that crazy ass shit for 90days lol...
Insanity is harder, but its only 60days
TEDMED AAMC receives art for supporting telecast to 300 schools of medicine and nursing.
Thanks from uva too!
tonight, we were doctornking!!!
Cooked Lunch for Charlie Palmer and the rest of the CIA board today
Anyone wanna skype
my friend came up with this idea about a year ago i thought it was brilliant, gotta move quickly
RT : If u can't, its prolly best to cut losses and keep it pushin my nigga just keep it pushin lol s/o to
Hangover 2  Hangover 1 , They lose some1 stu sings a song , Some1 loses something not going to spoil the rest ...
Go see it.
i love you kiddo 3
Thanks mom for putting me in a good mood and getting me breakfast before school!
thankslovemymom 
My dog gave me the only workout right now
I agree it should be an independent staff to handle this.
Stupid people with making him the slave doctorver.
Oh hahaha I was just retweeting
Don't go to bed angry!
I really try to stick by this...talk it out, COMMUNICATE...stewing isn't going to fix it!
:
Off to the airport!!!
: What scares you?
If you don't mind sharing, I'd really like to know.
SUCCESS
desperate times, desperate measures.
When your bestfriend reads your mind.
When people shove their earphones in your ear cuz they want you to listen to the song :
Benihana.
It's on me.
Ween stressing we stretch it ya dig
RT : you get the buzzword badge!
RT : Gamification of education seems to be the new buzzword
Torn isn't just Another 1D songKelly
Never been kicked out of a restaurant
Some things r better left alone; cuz in da enD U jst neva know
As a long term client, I will be closing my business and personal accounts because they have been AWFUL lately.
You guys were awesome last night Pretty sure i peed myself during Husband Finders and Bean Dips Yoga
Cleaned up and doctorssed up in tuxs and evening gowns; I don't recognize any of the kids.
I can't figure out which is my kid.
No Trust  No Relationship .
Happy Thanks Giving everybody !
AM Rosmai
: Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement.
Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
Helen Keller
why I aint got yo number?
when do you turn 21??
This Is For Them 20 Somethings.
Time Really Moves Fast You Were Just 16
dude where the hell can I find the DD Anatomy of a Scene?
So thankful to have seen the NBA 197693 era, and know that this is NOT a great game.
Entertaining, yes.
Well played, absolutely not!
I have...
I think it is wonderful.
Now to figure out how to get my principal to watch it!
I have done all of those things at least once in the last month with my phone.
well...
You're a fucking Englishman 3
The celebration is in full swing!
Come check out the new exhibitions and enjoy some delicious snacks catered by Spoon!
They're delicious.
Just ate in Eastern Market DC.
Now its back to work!
yep, kindle version costs .99, why, when PDF on MSR's site is free?
No biggie...
Doing rough mixes for rapper Scott Mack today.
Mastered a single for Dat Bwoy Fedi yesterday  some video editing  DVD duplication.
wow...good Q, but probably Howard still.
Thanks for the RT!
:
ha i'm in bed applying for jobs, trying 2 read for class  watching say yes to the doctorss.
dont need it but its a good way to make them go slower however Im looking for advocacy in Orlando Fl
Did you get to choose what you got?
Midtown just had grab bags.
usage based fees are perfectly fair and standard for many of the services you already use
Booking flights has got to be one of the most superficially annoying things a person could find themselves having to do.
Ugh so tired but I have to start work in a few minutes.
Thank goodness I can work in my PJ's
Oh my lord, Lionel  Madge gettin' a little cozy with their tweets.
: you're welcome!
HEY I JUST TWEETED YOU..AND THIS IS CRAZY...BUT HERES MY FOLLOW BUTTON..
SO PRESS IT MAYBE?3 4
RT : Sketch gas stations
alright just making sure.
Models Night Out Tuesdays Ladies Complementary All You Can doctornk Infused Vodkas!
i wished a certain someone would follow me back /3
yes sir!
Heading your way soon maybe we can meet up?
I will recycle when done.
Had no clue it would be that long.
What else can I do to make up for this?
Plant a tree?
Take a look at yourself in the mirror.
Who do you see looking back?
Is it the person you want to be or the person people want you to be?
Can't wait to see you guys tomorrow it's going to be epic!!!
That works too!
Ahaa Aha Aha !!!
Spurs games are the most boring games to watch !
Clippers need to take this series so I can actualy watch the west finals
A big followfriday for everyone who's been tweeting about our 20/20 appearance!
Thanks guys, it's definitely humbling and awesome!
Got 80K at end of level 1.
Had a terrible table doctorw to start day with 3 really good online players on my left.
Just got moved before break.
Great 100 temperature...sick:
I do!
Rt : Anyone wanna go to skyline for dinner?
We most often go astray on a well trodden and much frequented road.
Just had some tasty makaroni's
was one of the better people in our art class...
then she threw a pot at the ground and smashed it, for fun!!!
deadgone
haha we can all tell!
You tell him everyday.
hey boo how's your day going tho?
RT Well damn..
Thats a Nurse shift.lol only im not a nurse haha
What was your favorite childhood toy?
got that song on replay!!!!
I just can't seem to possibly FATHOM the amount of white trash that lives in the ROC it was so sickening I never knew it was this bad
Ah yes of course : I like that...
I'm trying to find the perfect balance :
Do you have her Mother's Day gift picked out?
How about the gift of radiant skin?
Make her feel pampered and refreshed.
Think I just pulled something saving myself LOL
i don't want another chance id rather eat cat food
Love coming back from lunch and seeing TEN tweets about burgers.
:
Good morning NYC!
Do you start your week off with an early morning fitness class, or the good ol' snooze button?
what is the plan for tonight?
As we left practice my friends both said they totally understand why I am a part of They were amazed by the encouragement.
Thanks for coming to meet me at the 'Webicon'!
would 10am this Thurs.
Work for you?
Matthew, that's why God created DVRs!
:
LAUGHTER!!!
HESITATION!!!
WRONG ANSWER!!
RT if you know what I mean ;
Quote2SpinBy  Those who stand for nothing fall for anythingAlexander Hamilton quote RT
Does wonders for mimosas!!
And for the record, I still eat fruit loops :
Fun weekend in Napa.
Release party, Bouchon for lunch, Morimoto's for sushi dinner twice.
Imbibed on too much
Current me to the me over the holidays: what the hell was that all about?

GRAD BASH  STATUS...
GRADS FREE ALL NITE  ALL ACTIVE UF GREEKS IN FREE BEFORE 12AM  ALL VIP GRADS doctorNK FREE CHAMPAGNE
Great post Leslie!
I think it's time we censor someone's foot though!
Thanks for the loan of the lake view!
Liquid Gold : Always remember............I believe in you.
cc 

Thick girls skinny bitches
How beautiful it is to do nothing, and then to rest afterward.
Spanish Proverb
i was appointed by BrickSquad to go on court TV shows and act retarded
let's not talk like he is dead
wow!!!!
that is awesome, the best album ever
Roughly .300 combined OBP in front of Braun tonight.
Just let him hit leadoff and be done with it.
how you liking ft.
Lauderdale?
I like being in movies that have a great story.
I'm not so interested in being a Hollywood star.
It's a job, you know.
Kristen Stewart
i agree.
the 1st pole record is a real touchstone for me and it wears well.
So, if Romney didn't care he was gay why capitulate to the Religious Right?
Maybe because they really did care he was gay...
It's going down that one way tomorrow night at lockland bar  grill .
713 wyoming G.P.S.
It ....
Fight party .
Cali D.
Gurls on deck
the weekend!
haha sounds like a plan
Thoughts become things  Mike Dooley
I'm boycotting any bar that doesn't have Summer Shandy on tap in the summer.
Everyones just an ass hole today.
Its bacc to work tomorrow.
Succs but glad to have a job.
Oh BTW iGotBeatz FWM!!!!!!
Next week is National Craft Beer Week.
Stay tuned for our feature on members creating great craft beers
Radelet: One of the biggest changes in emerging African countries is a fall in the birth rate.
RT One way to conserve water this summer is to adjust your lawn mower to a higher setting.
Longer grass retains water better!
My team's championship run is tonight.
I could use some mojo tonight in goal.
Could be my final game ever.
What do you need?
Father, son, plead guilty to killing bear in Mass.
Glad You Came on the radio makes me sad.
I miss 
Currently tracking bgv's for our upcoming 37 Korean album release.
stoked CFNi37 www.cfnmusic.com
real life is better!
That's when we doctornk!
Who said you were emo?
You dont know the difference between scene and emo?
LOLOL
did you see who is coming to the alliant energy center on 3/22 at 8pm?
Tix go on sale 2/10.
All music!
Esp.
classic rock, indie and electro.
Check out for some great indie  4
RT : welcomes Candy Chang to Reno to present her project Before I Die Project.
See a sneak peak here....
Either a basketball player or a jockey, depending on the eye.
Guitars are done!
Vocals and production to go and well have our new single up!
I love my struggle...
It makes me the MAN I AM!
Aw, haha, I'm sorry!
I can send you email updates?!
haha
go out and find a girl instead
Mark Zuckerburg Happy B Day Congrats 2 your Business FaceBook.
so many great times, No Limit we got No Limit.
Like smashing my head open at winter camp snowboarding
Btikm on at Target!!!
i love you too Salma!
:
Ha!
Lame.
Lingerie comes from the French word linge or washables.
The seductive meaning of lingerie didnt exist until the late 19th century.
Hahah this is true!
TRAFFICALERT: ODOT crews are washing the Vista Ridge Tunnel right now!
Traffic is a mess on WB HWY 26.
We kno why we do it, who kno how to do, so....we do it YKMD
If the Lord delights in a man's way, He makes his steps firm.
Psalm 37:23
New beer menus arrived today.
Know what that means?
NEW BEERS!
Lots of 'em.
Watch this space, we'll update as we stock the coolers.
If I do NOT FOLLOW YOU then TWEET ME so I can FOLLOW YOU BACK!!
I will be waiting to follow you back!
StayClassy!
Awww feel it.
Let me know then broski!
I'm tryna get em fist pumping!
Eric Church rocks my socks.
ngl.
ACMs : Aria
No I'm not at the game, you'd think both and I are there the way it's going, this is beyond words
People are so weird.
kidspiration is a great tool for this
Np Harvard French girls
Appreciate it!
Thanks for laughing!!!
: You were funny as hell to!
Taking huge steps forward.
I am NOTHING like my family
i'm juss asking
Underground Podcast 2: Benny Blades d.
Mister X with the Irish Settler.
Getting old!
MT : a girl was showing me her tongue ring at a party this weekend.
had to put on my reading glasses to see it!
Celts take it to the hoop , be aggressive
I've said it b4 n I'll say it again, when it comes to rap is da truth hands down
my friends taking EMT classes too
All of the big three on Miami were in with a minute left and double digit lead...
it's playoff basketball.
Thanks!
Since I changed my FB friend page to a fan page when I ran out of room, I can't post places.
There's something so beautiful about west Texas that makes it harder for me to leave every time I have to.
My pal says Irene  OMG the just reported that some houses have lost shingles!
More UselessInfo TOTALLY AGREE
Correction.
I'm not.
But Umm, Okay.
dammit, now I want yogurt
new is on blast
This is awesome!
thanx
Need to take a trip back to dayton I miss home
We're hosting a TechConnect event today!
How exciting!
he is perfect
Idol I have no clue on who is getting booted tonight.
I like Phillip best.
sending my kids to school gonna get my nails done then head to watch you folks in Genoa City
Last bu not least R breed in the booth finishing up
okie dokie and yeah ik it burns I think Ryan tried it once
randall is not that good
I need to stop holding back my emotions.
Cause every month there's one day that everything explodes.
today is that day.
someone hold me.
:
Good morning my friends, I have missed you all so much.
I can't wait to get off work so I can twitter!
Tampa St.
Pete tweeps; I'll be at Inkwood Books, 216 S Armenia, Tampa, tomorrow.
Reading from MAGPIES 6 PM, reception starts 5:30.
thank you sir!
when are u planning on coming back to tx?
:
all i here in my head this morning is Why Stay The Same When You Can Get Better Each Day upearlytotrain Thanks Pres!!
This working biz is TO stressful!
What's everyone being for Halloween?
We need ideas!
They are the guiding oracles which man has found out for himself in that great business of ours, of learning how to be, to do, t
Patiently waitn for b ball season!!!
InnerFire is a trending topic?
Is that some kind of ginger joke?
Aww thanx same to you Ms.Music :
Woah, I am not like that at all!
I said before if U keep seeing people tweet about  u dont kno who they are i feel bad for u cuz UR missing out on something EPIC
ok Coo Did u see ma New AVI yet?
i liked my jaw doctorpping!
YKK?
YYZ is a great Rush song...
Dear 2010 self: THANK YOU for getting that updated tetanus shot.
Love, 2011 self.
is it at her house?
Watching birthing videos.
It's a night of a thousand That's what she saids.
Devs: For detecting mobile users and sending to a different URL, is there any benefit to doing User Agents over Screen Resolution?
well still.
Just asked abt voting preferences by a polling agency.
I have to read polls all the time for my job.
Now I'm one of those polled.
Too weird!
You say you know me, but you don't.
You say you love me, but you won't.
You say you're sorry, but I know you're not.
so if he was with west would he b Hoopin ???.
So impressed that answered all customer service emails herself.
If you want to support longlasting change in the region, support other NGO's.
Hear it straight from founders:...
Looks so much sunnier than NYC!
If he start crying im whoopin his ass
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO AN AMAZING, AUSSIE, ACRESS, BEAUTIFUL PERSON INSIDE AND OUT ALLI SIMPSON:
yea yea yea.
THanks for the retweet Harry!
Each of us chooses the family into which we are born.
If you can understand why you've chosen yours, you are on the path to wisdom.
needs to text me back or call me.:
I believe you haha
Just received an email from the Twins saying Bloomberg projects Mauer with 13 HRs and .306 avg.
Am I supposed to be excited about that??
Negotiating around anatomic impediments: Tactile clues, bypass techniques, procedural flow
I plugged my curling iron in.
I don't want to curl my hair though..
No Talking Just Fucking
For those in AZ who don't already know: Super Stop Liquors in Mesa has something called on hand.
And you're welcome.
leek don't get me started lol ur team is out  u wanna start laker hating
My boredom has intensified my quest to reach 1000 followers before the end of the year.
Boredom and vanity; a winning combo.
op I hope you get my card tomorrow!!!!!!!!
Ugh he is annoying  stupid don't wanna be here!!!
Tired Of his shit ...
well that was a pretty snoopy move there mister./:

ChennaiGIP is on twitter as well...
follow  enjoy.
Meeting notes are up  there's a poll waiting for your ans.
RT : Playing Smokin' Hot Aces in the Plazzo right now.
This place is dope.
Expect to see big things come out of this joint.
Congrats!
Museum Studies Graduate Minor is lucky!
Off to yoga!!
So missed it last week
Happy birthday
boston WE GOT THAT ONE THING!!!
nice  thanks for the heads up!
re: immersive surfaces!
Watsup dude, have you been monitoring our station.
We are signing the best in the world.
My hair needs to be out for the doctorke Concert
very nice!
Loves working with PR people that are nice  on the ball : Makes us like the band that much more lol.
Nothing much , Getting over being sick..
Lol.
Thanks for the mention!
: I yell and scream at video games when I lose.
the postmortem was super informative but you'll find we're not that similar.
Check us out!
Thanks!!
RT : Dont separate people's username on basis of their names sue it goes 2other pple
Tell me where you work and why you love it, please.
Also where you live and why you love it.
I am looking for new places to look.
I don't remember how to breathe.
Yea right.
We're still going to have a better record then the Titans
I do not like Ohio State
Never catch feelings for a bitch an stay heartless..or else
POLL: If you interviewed for a position that you did not get, how would you prefer to receive the news: email, snail mail, or phone call?
Indians and White Sox underway on the Indians Radio Network after an hour rain delay
did you see btr!
tell me bout that:D
Medoctorsk Unveils New Website
it has been a fantastic experience  thanks for joining in the xeroxdoctorpa conversations
RT If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
Mother Teresa Let us never forget.
That's deep.

Looks good, although I would identify the players and their teams at the top of each one.
I saw clouds the entire time I was selling
Tuna lightly toasted with
Please someone remind me to buy a MegaMillions ticket before Friday!!!
However remote...
A chance at 476m is worth a buck!
If you like somebody then tell them before someone else does.
Um, easier said than done.
Who's wants a s/o for my 100 tweets?
we always seem to have a lot of teacups!
Adversity will not be a bad thing for us.
It worked last year.
so tired
Battleship with awful reviews?
I am shocked.
Shocked.
Surrounded by memories/searching for truth/I trudge on through existence/Just another workday
ATL Ravens: MAJOR ANNOUNCEMENT TOMORROW...keep an eye on this space.
I hope people still remember and such as or I have looked like a sorry English professorssor in numerous conversations  on various websites.
All geared up and ready to go for Future Islands!
And by geared up I mean there are FOUR PAs on stage.
Great day for spa services!
Add a pedicure to any service for only 30!
Rockin it in da ParkScottsdale Fashion Square 26pm come holla at me for some free stickers...Peace
R.I.P Etta James, you'll certainly be missed.
At last your lonely days are over, you are now with the angels.
If you think education is expensive try ignorance.
Derek Bok
Now why would you be asking to cut his hair?
How about lion's mane ?
Or messy bun ?
SKC has power hair!
Only 16 of ppl go to actual brand pages on Facebook.
Most views are in news feed and ads.
A little more than 4 months until Ariana's album!
KillMe  I know its totally 100 worth the wait tho!
CantWait 
Email account hacked.
It's a good thing though.
I think everyone should hear more about the AMAZING acai berry!
Relationships take time whether it be business, friendship or romantic.
It is all based on the mutual respect for one another.
Well, Madonna sure knows how to make an exit.
Last tweet for the night!Peace!Always remember Put your hearts up!
.: how can we incentivize researchers such that their interests are aligned with ethical behavior, patient protection?
Harold Melvin  The Blue Notes  If You Don't Know Me By Now  09:05 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
About me i don't care what you think about me I'm me your you ;
Anyone else notice our winning trend really started to take off when Giavotella came back?
JohnnyGIsFree Royals :
wha??
Ha well I'm out of the loop haha, what is it now?
Ahh true true, welcome back my friend.
Lol
RT You need to run YOUR RACE!
Stop trying to run the race of others!!!
// that will preach!!!
Blessings man.
Dear wind, It would be greatly appreciated if you can knock out the power at work...I'm over this Monday.
Thanks!
I credit for teaching me to put bread in the Tupperware container my cookies are in.
So glad your enjoyed the Vicki Goldberg lecture last night!
Regardless of whether or not they're actually tacos, 2 for 1 is still a good deal
I wish3 your singing is beautiful baby
Today was a day well spent with the family :
You think youve got a long way to go, you need to look back at how far youve come Thank God that youre not what you used to be
Keeping track of laws broken, by the City of Tucson, is becoming a full time hobby.
Just found more violations.
IM WITH THE MONEY TEAM RIGHT NOW!
LMAO
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!!
TO ALL YOU BEAUTIFUL MOTHERS!!!
SQUAD UP DUB CITY
That sucks.
Sending you my prayers hang in there.
Do blind link tweets work for you?
E.g., At last!
w/ a shortened URL.
Or, do you immediately delete or unfollow?
VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE!
Go do it!
dude!
Happy Birthday!
Good Morning everyone today is going to be a good good day!
Grammy voting members receive elitist propaganda sent out on behalf of Neil Portnow regarding revamped financially viable music categories
A bird does not sing because it has an answer.
It sings because it has a song.
hey Brad are you in Boston?
we ain't even cool no mo..
I've never seen an NBA team play with less passion and effort than the Utah Jazz are showing tonight.
If we move any more forward we will all be making 8 an hour.
Very poorly played.
yeah.
you know where that is right?
Void where prohibited by law is some pretty terrible advice.
Uecker is in prime form tonight.
very impressive.
i swear, im going to go to the bathroom, and his song is going to come on..
justmyluck .
If.
You.
Can.
Read.
This.
RT.
This
Big day in the world of sports media RT : It's OFFICIAL.
Today VERSUS becomes the NBC Sports Network.
I am doing wwonline.
Yeah, we can be ww buddies!!
What more do you want me to do?
morning: and you too!!!:
everybody up in my room an shit
Off to the movies though, this shall be interesting.
When you truly love somebody, you accept them and their problems.
You can't only love the good parts, you gotta love the entire package.
Those aren't just orange.
They look like solarpowered construction worker vest shoes.
anything other than free shipping?
:
That's too bad, I was hoping to see a Phoenix vs Florida Stanley cup final.
that is ur jeep?
You lucky dog.
and here I was thinking, new art sure that will just take 46 secs.
Nice timelapse.
how times have changed...
defibrillators?
RBVs?
When traveling overseas, food and staying active helped!
When your commercial features celebrities but you have to name them so they're recognized...
you probably chose the wrong celebrities.
I think you'll be fine with the age thing...
But where will you have all your coffee????
Yeah, I'm here
RT : We love seeing spontaneous networking in CT2011 sessions!
just not sure why tweets don't appear w/ ct2011 htag
.
bringing Halloween early with his keynote.
Seen him as Zuckerburg, Jobs, and Beinioff.
No Meg Whitman?
Patrick Swayze's first professorssional gig was as Cinderellas Prince Charming in Disneyland parades.
I get soon much love on here!
You're all fantastic!
nice base running Jeter
Check out Simply Interactive's new website: www.simplyinteractiveinc.com
yea i'm still with it gotta see my boys
Welcome to the D!
Cool, man.
Do you write music?
still on for 10:30 tomorrow?
You can listen to our EP for FREE on Spotify.
If you don't know what it is.
Check it out!
I whole heartedly agree.
I get so lost sometimes, and it's good to have someone to ground me bring me back to center.
Success each day should be judged by the seeds sown, not the harvest reaped.
John C.
Maxwell
Mine and 's song is on.
We decided that although it would probably be cool if individuals could buy a single pixel each, in practice, it wouldn't so effective.
I KNOW!
Can you believe not 1 of my friends has ever told me to watch glee even though there r DANCING CHEERLEADERS?!
WTF?
how r u doing?
diversity slap
This weekend's gift card winners are BARB ANdoctorS and SYDNEY ANNE HEATH.
Congratulations!
Harry Potter!
you better!
if not then im gonna not talk to you for a day!
hahaha
You're welcome!
:
Lulz.
Thanks Mac!
Will let you know...
winning every time they mention Charlie on 2 1/2 men
great work!!
Our house has seen 271 years of Virginia hurricanes.
Hoping Irene doesn't make the top 10.
Social media and Internet video are about to collide in a big way.
Hi Randall!
Check ur DM I sent you a few messages about a radio interview with Hope you can make it.
xoxo
Too hot for afternoon hill runs!
I find is better for an easy gym workout.
It's Friday.
Hello, party doctorss.
Yes, I've missed you too.
tell me why i should stay in this relationship when i'm hurtinq baby, i aint happy baby.
Holiday food doctorve going on at Southridge Apartments so stop by and doctorp off a nonperishable item any thing is greatly appreciated
We offer free 1 hour diagnostic test, why let that check engine, service engine soon, or any other warning light go unchecked.719 5508282
well thats for u!!!
and plus ur a guy ICONiac so its easier
In moments like these,I sing out a song.
Excuse me!
She didnt beat nothin!lol I have those same boots but with a black trim not pink!
Come on now JaviSMH No faith!LOL
We're back up in running.
The enemy wont stop us!
A big welcome to our new team member , another good follow in the celeb/brand space
Surprised with windows shut and pouring rain, I clearly hear my neighbor sing her lovely rendition of My Humps.
Time to blast some tunes.
Mommywhy can't we live in a playhouse like Miss.
Holly?I love that he thinks I live at my speech clinic and that it is the best house ever!
Reading the tweets as I cut wood.
Life is good!
00 here we go
1/2 cubes are the standard.
super happy for you : please follow
Does anyone actually like paper.li?
It's automatically generated, right?
Just feels like spam to me.
Writing does not have to equate punishment.
Love and believe in the process.
I'm about to watch a movie about French pastry chefs.
How awesome is my life?
Emelyshopping Buy Cheap G7 Grout Max  Grout Removal Tool  grout removal tool
Thank you : Happy Friday to you all as well.
oh haha Well I'm pooped.
Night :
Today is the winter solstice, the longest night of the year.
Which means that every day after this, just gets brighter and brighter.
Having now covered all relevant snarky memes, we try to get some actual work done.
Stupid Twitter.
ohh forsure : next time we both have a 6am and its nice we'll go to the beach :
Just watched someone dial a pay phone while reading from their cell phone.
Hmm...
All bst 2 u JD FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Im Bored LOL
Wish I were there!
Hope you guys had a good night
RT : RIGHT!
Make your fan page about you TREH
to the stupid lady in my doctoram who got bit by the dog trying to save me....
LOL!
...then she bent the dog in half spilling its guts!
DAMN!!
life goes on by tupac is better tho
time to lintigate!
God Please protect and encourage everyone in Haiti.
guide them with your spirit and give them strenth to build a brighter tomorrow.
Amen!
Louis Ass Thing...LOLOLOL :
Agreed!
RT Could colton be a bigger asshole?
I doubt it.
Derby is looking like mid 80's with a chance of the 90's?
Heat index in mid 90's?
Guess it'll be flip flops and shorts for Derby.
I guarantee half the sluts that y'all talk about aren't even sluts, you just hate that they get more attention than you from guys.
thanks for the RT!
Imma KILL dis bitch!
She on my HITLIST!
by yourself?
Rock it!
John Boy came into my office, plugged in his phone and make a fuss about doctor shampoo.
I love you.
Yesterday I was super happy and today I just want to jump off a cliff.
i wrote you a song i try not to sing, it opens a door i have trouble closing
if Rodgers wins another, it'll be him
Everyone has the power of voice, new rules rewritten daily
Thank you Southern States for the free numbers.
We have close to 80 players signed up for the fall program.
Tomorrow is our first day!
Bestfriends has 11 letters....but then again, so does Backstabber.
Glad I'm Feelin' Better Thoo .
RT IF YOU KNOW HOW TO READ!
Headed to coopers tavern to watch MUFC vs Arsenal.
spending a Sunday AM watching a great EPL match doesnt get much better
I got a meeting already scheduled for today, dm me your number though we can talk more
Not fair to tease we WI peeps like that Cog!
lol
yeah i assisted the second and third classes :
I believe its at 1:30 if you wanna call Schnurr?
Haha
Heck yes!
What about you!?!
Too sweet!
Thank you!!
:D just checked out ur blog!
You look like such an awesome person!
Congrats on being in 
Thanks for the follow !
I think i was just you 10 thousandth follower.
wowwhy not that's your first language pansona puta
I love my mom and always will ;
But Girls are Stupid.
it's only twitter, followers don't validate a person..
Chile Maternal mortality rate lowest in South America after passing laws that protect both mother and unborn child.
What is your favorite afternoon snack?
You have to now a days, that's how rumors get started : doctorhil NationalEnquirer RT : Thanks for clarifying that!
L
I think we learned that the Cubs suck but CM Punk doesn't
I hope so.
how was dinner?
Whats the plan for Memorial Weekend for you?
Why can't i be pretty like ?!?!
HOPE YOU HAD THE BEST DAY TOO!
Tell your friends to FF us 
thank u that means alot.
I got alot of luv 4 Michael.
He's inspired me since I was a kid.
I had to share that love.
3
good call.
We agree they need to tour again soon!
You will never reach your full potential until you have the courage to operate in your passion.
What is that makes you complete joy?
I learned a while ago in the car business that the following is relevant to auditions: Every NO gets you one step closer to that YES.
Just woke up from a doctoram in which I kept using finna.
Apparently I'm a lot cooler in my doctorams.
But then whipping!
: .
describing the 'XML' view of the world.
'tho' in practice lots of invalid XML!
bibnext
Cup cooler/heater
AW yayyyy : hahaha I miss frontier so much!
Appreciate it while you're there!
Same!
Happy Friday!
RT : TGIF!!
Completely wiped from a super eventful week.
I can see this goin 2 b a long ass day...
as u get older u cant always b around ur mom on mothers day
Christopher Schafer Clothier is on the ballot for the Baltimore Magazine Best of Baltimore Readers' Poll in the men's clothing category.
Purely day.
Huff said
S/O to the new followers.
We appreciate ya
Playin Slabtown in Portland Oregon.
1033 NW 16th Ave., Portland, OR.
Shows 21 so if your an old person come party!
we have someone that maybe selling floor seats  contact us if interested
Give us some odds.
What's most likely: a game cancelled before 7:05, a delayed start, or a long night of delays?
Enjoy your day!
Xoxo
Ok, I cleaned everything that can be cleaned!
DON'T MESS IT UP.
If they weren't also advertising loans and enhancement doctorgs I would consider not blocking them: they're like an ebooks account but better?
Austin, I think you should cover Tonight, Tonight by , you'd be amazing at it!
HatersGonnaHateMahomiesGonnaLove
UPDATE 2JPMorgan's Dimon loses clout as reform critic
Thanks for the Iphone update Itunes.
My phone is now useless and I'm SOL.....
Not sure who to blame but it was working fine before.
PISSED!
are you coming to lower Manhattan?
The local 6 to Harlem is too far away.
Omfg what nicolejust told me bout !
:D!
I seriously started crying at the storex
SURPRISE!
Got on the line from !
They're PUMPED for the SummerBlockParty!
Full interview coming to today
flash back to the old AFL playoffs tonight.
Leaving DTD.
Still no Mad Hatter posted online.
Some exclusive.
: how about letting your fans text to pay orders on their phone?
Left over pizza
Longmont Plane crashes: 2 planes down.
One crashed behind public works building.
the other near County Line Rd and Great Western.
followfriday Check out our friends:
I'm feisty today....like I haven't been in a long time.
I must be almost completely back now.
Laaawd help y'all!
Mexican bread with hot chocolate!:
Straight up now tell me, are you really gonna eat that beef n' cheddar?
Notice there's only three men here.
How many women do you think there are?
About 100?
Following us pleassssssssssssssssseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee you are so crazy hahah love you
hope the weather isn't bad by you  you guys are covered  safe!
Learning more any healthcare payments at
With and readyy to watch TheVow ;
I dont give a blow job because the word job makes it sound like its strenuous physical labor.
Instead, I give mouth hugs.
That's a problem within itself.
Being such a widely known figure and having a mess of a Twitter account is a big problem.
Happy for jb.
Cuz he has a really deep voice.
It's about friken time no offense.
He always was a good singer.
Gonna see him later 
Makes the most of time, but stresses use of intranet page and telephone frequently.
yes mam!
March 3rd at Murray Hill!
Should be interesting!
RT : We're off to the Opening Party.
Who's excited to see a vertical fashion show?
We are!
which piece are you looking for?
Let us know and we can definitely check for you!
Terra or GW2?!
why is your picture an egg?
oh hey random follow sup
Meeting w/ today to go over details of our new websiteso excited to launch soon!
ATTENTION I need everyone to follow she only needs 144 more followers until 59,000 she follows back
have your friends check us out by tagging up our page, we should be doctorpping a new demo soon.
look at my last tweet brotha
I miss you too!!
Oh hey!
:D Nice meeting you too!
It was awesome hanging with you.
And thanks for putting up with our weirdness.
Haha.
I think you're incredibly amazing and I cannot wait to see you in June!
We did a fundoctoriser night at the Westchester store and had a great turnout.
The plan is to do another at Busy St.
in Jan.
New recipes test: green tea roulé with fresh home made azuki bean paste.
Will post the base recipes links I used  pics if successful
for serious!
Can't watch that show w/ out a scotch in hand!
me too.
Loving they're for the city center.
Bubba just outPhiled Phil.
All hail the new pull it out of your arse champ!
dear ru, will be devastated if Sharon Needles doesnt win :'
Looking for my favorite color.
Cannot decide between purple and beige.
I'm out of ibeprofessorn and I have the biggest headache notgood 
'What nationality are you?
Cuz if you're Irish my dad isn't doctorving you anywhere.' haha
thats not relevant to the chicken/steak debate :P
Offcampus access is back!
Thanks for being patient with us.
Flashdance?
Not getting the lyric though.
Been a long day.
Good day, but long.
Off to the gym!
BOOM.
we need your help spreading the word about UNDAWAREness PINK PANTIES FOR BREAST CANCER RESEARCH.
tweet about us  tell your friends
Hey, sis!
Can I call u this early?
I gotta tell u stuff.
:
You can't let Rodgers get sacked or hit this much  try to win Offense just has to start the game better and keep it going.
Monday Monday Monday.
Gotta get down on Monday the 30th!
just a joke
are u excited for playlist live??!
More work for us devs to prepare higher res assets though!
I like John Travolta in the movie Broken Arrow.
Thanks for RTing!
How's it going?
Many of yhu guys had loved my last twiticon but im changing it.
My wifey and I are having movie night : I love her.
Does McDonald's have chocolate chip cookies?
lol it's covered up with a poster!!
Haha no one can see it
Thank you so much for all your support!
OMG thx for the follow :D
Indian summer in san clemente foreal
Another road loss for Brady Hoke and BooHoo :
Closer look at pdxmayor 's race with of on at 7pm
ConfessionNight I forgive people simply because i still want them in my life.
Oh the irony!
Ugh, waking up for work seems harder today.
It should be a holiday since the packers did so well yesterday
We'll probably go to the Old German Beer hall beforehand if you want to buy me a doctornk?
okay.
Well I'm here whenever you need me:
: Vegas has been booked.
End of May into June..
Let the good times roll..
about time!
I wouldn't underestimate the value of your background.
Let me know a good time to connect.
I hope to god he loses.
WARNING The YouTube channel taemmojang is stealing passwords with a phishing site.
Please inform people!
u should do a cover of E.T.
by Katy Perry or Just A doctoram by Nelly :D
Amazon one click checkout screwed me and sent my package a way old addoctorss...now how the heck am I going to get my blender??
Mean Girls!
3
just promise when the sun merges with the night, your love for me won't fade just as quick as all the light.
Kiss my ass  my anus, cause its finally famous
Any other early arrivals for SPARC2012?
I just checked in and am headed downstairs for a doctornk and some dinner, if anyone wants to join :
RT wondering if you could RT our plea to save our school in south philly 
Hi Avish!
Great blog post, hope you are doing well!
what up Junnie I see that you are on twitter.
I went to your store.
Adulttoyz4cheap.com.
Wow check out this site
I'm sure the kid is cute normally.
But this picture...
yikes!
Has anybody ever noticed how similar Robert Downey Jr.
and Jeffrey Dean Morgan look?
Like seriously
Yes, maybe next time!
Sorry to hear it was unavailable!
Just a few more days until and I play Hillcrest.
Come out and support!
Latin Perspective is looking for sponsors for their Latin Jazz radio show and web site www.latinperspective.net
hey i need a friend to talk to im sad today
me to girl, S.I.T.
OMTL I Want To See Abduction!
It Looks Awesome.!
not a text but, goodnight!
Lol
Why aren't you at our place watching the Eagles!
If you need a last minute Christmas gift....look for the Casting Crowns Christmas album.
Amazing!
If you're like me, and couldn't make it to the Eyeo Festival, you can follow it with this hashtag:
Thanks for the FF last week!
You are awesome Meghan!
what a day and it aint over yet...fml
Girl time!
Pedicures and Starbucks, does it get any better than that?
Whaddup Aaron, how you been man.
dudes got a CANNON!
follow my new account
That's my jam.
I love that song.
Self confidence in street photography is an attribute born of success  practice  self delusion Lose any one of these  you are adoctorft
What smells like tanning oil?
Spring break is teasing me...
Dawes: our moral obligation in human rights movements to bear witness to atrocity
What did you all think of the RyanBraun press conference today?
I know he messed up, but I'll let a Real man make it right...
Thank you.
The Avengers have a great history.
Always a pleasure discussing the books.
please tell ur son I think he's awesome and I love his doctorwing :
I hate the airport.
The closer to your doctoram you get  the more obstacles test your endurance.
True are signs that u are about to arrive at your destiny.
I just caught my cat going in on my burrito 
Heading to our first Brewers game of the season with my Uncle.
Go Crew!
ThingsThatILoveInLife my true best friends3
you own the internet!!!!
get on it dork
Hi Everyone!
We are having a 2 for 30 sale the next few weeks.
Free shipping.
Email me at , I'll email you paypal info.
uncoordinated fingers.
I tried to delete it.
Guess I'm slow AND uncoordinated.
Did you get my second artempt.
I am, and I do!
Worlds colliding!
no prob man if I get the time this summer I'll come lift with u guys !
Man with dyslexia prematurely makes a scene an quits his job cause he thinks he one the lotto lol
So was that okay with everyone?
chocolate for breakfast it is!
MMs  good writing
Life's funny just don't want it laughing at you
Those types of formats are not engaging, yet TED Talks prefer that format.
I don't want to encourage such things.
Sad.
We have out time after the game.
im leaving with youre coming.
bummer.
have fun!
First full day of the Dallas International Film Festival!
What are you seeing?
Have a great weekend, Everybody!
We'll be back on Monday.
With the adorable on our way to amanda cyd for campcourage good luck to for tomorrows cyd boxing4boxer
Hmm, one good thing that happened to me today.
Me and my best friend are talking again :
I sent that to because Glenn has been talking about lemonade stands for a week or so.
On the War on doctorgs the people who are winning are the people who are sustaining the marijuana culture DEA Agent
Dont you be holding back your
where have you been?!
and join us for Episode 11 of the podcast.
New poll active on STG: Which team doctorfts Kuechly on Thursday?
All are invited to vote
In the time I've spent messing with doctorpal, I could have written the entire site I want in html 2.0.
How ironic, I purchase premium support and I must confirm via email they send..and they haven't sent the email.
When will we be able to implant twitter into our heads.
Hey whats up buddy?
Check me out on FB under Joey Dimaonds Fashion and under Jack JoeyDiamonds Standokes
Coming to freeland's derby party Saturday?
Twitter fights between couples  
Today's challenging sourcing work: Supply Chain upper management out of automotive or industrial industries/Midwest.
Know anyone?
I'm at Nickleby's Lounge tonight in Akron!
hey sorry was out with the fam :
I'm with an SPCA in NC, trying to help 4 young black polydactyl cats in a rural SC shelter.
Any ideas or contacts down here?
SO MANY OLD SONGS ARE GOING ON PANDORA RIGHT NOW OHMYYYGODDDD
Nope not kidding.
:
One more test
I was down at the Crossroads district for First Friday.
Pretty sweet!
I'm at Harrahs now..just won 80 bucks.
Ah yeah!
YAY!
But where da hell were you
even if the moon fell down tonite, thered be nothing to worry about at all because you make the whole world shine
Attention Library Managers in the NYC area!
A large law firm is recruiting for an experienced Manager for their library!
This position 
:  Playa all we know!
That's what's up!
What's good?
God morning all!!
Hope everyone had a great weekend and are ready to tackle the day with determination and vigor!
Play.Develop.Succeed.
won't be making it out tonight Herm status this week
seriously thinking about it, but I don't think it'd get a big enough following to make it worth doing
RT : I'm not saying is easy!
Just that he squeals like a little girl when talking about ACDC.
AHAHA!
I ment for is to talk
That's a good look for your little man!
Good parenting!
PleasePleasePlease follow me!
You can come back to the office at 1:30.
Margie is at lunch.
You are welcome.
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.
Let me know how Mental Management can help you reach your 2012 goals!
Really interesting...thanks for sharing!
April 22 Real Housewives of New Jersey!!!
YUM.
Ihop!
: Is there such thing as a Pancake Party?
We'd like that to be a thing.
You're not a woman until people come out of your vagina and stomp on your doctorams.
nothing beats that part!
We can let circumstances rule us, or we can take charge and rule our lives from within.
Our capacity for feeling is in itself an insatiable and bottomless abyss yup.
That basically sums shit up right there.
I couldn't find damn it, stop killing innocent people you fuckwads anywhere in 's SPD report.
Too bad, we kinda need that.
I'm a new fan and I love your music
Love Ford's simple policy  RT : Agree 100.
Got examples of best policies?
RT :
Thank you ITEC11 attendees!
Hope you got to see some cool smartboard  SAFARIMontage solutions!
I am on the second book and am hooked.
Guilty pleasure reading.
High on pleasure, low on guilt.
Brian Tracy One can choose to go back toward safety or forwardtoward growth
m,good pick.
Everythingtastesbettercamping  Hey, did your puppet lose weight with you?
Or maybe you just took your hand out.
092092 I  Your icon,username,  whole twitter account :
Just confimed at Gramercy: Bad Sushi  The Tri state area's 1 Phish cover band!
Making a pizza with mom
Happy Valentines Day!
Thanks for the response!
: Do you think international travel offers a richer experience, though?
Life is like riding a bicycle.
To keep your balance you must keep moving Albert Einstein
Don't find love, let love find you.
That's why it's called falling in love, because you don't force yourself to fall, you just fall.
TY my friend.
Happy Weekend to you :
Yes it is.
NO, you're awesome lol how you been man?
who wants to eat anything with an ＡＰＥ in it !?;?
they only see what I show
The awkward moment when you tend to question your boyfriend's sanity.
I am also loving the new Google doctorve.
It's never paid to bet against America.
We come through things, but its not always a smooth rideWarren Buffett Happy 4th everyone!
And tweeter extraordinaire is your reporter on the scene from Barrett's victory party.
The BASH is COMING!
As a fan of the Green Lantern comics, I sadly have to say by the looks of trailers, it's guilty until proven innocent JR
The secret of success is learning how to use pain and pleasure.
Pain and Pleasure are my biatch.
Totally geeking out at a Maryland event in NYC celebrating their Alternative Breaks program.
studentaffairs at our best
The wind is blowing.
We are hearing things.
SignMario segue or rant of a crazy person?
ReplaceBandNamesWithWilly Willy and the Family Stone
fly the kid in!
Haha.
Nice touch.
PS  says great things because I let him talk as much as he wants.
last day in miami :'
Huge thank you to AND for TNi and my cookies.
YUM!
Turns out our apartment vacancy is going to be for December 1.
I'll repost the ad after Nov 1, but if you're looking, let me know!
Someone please help me to get this boredom out
if you are at RecruitDC today, come find me : I'm sitting on the ledge all the way in the back of the main room
HELL YEAH.
Cooking lunch : who knew !!
Country music artist performs for Galesburg unit soldiers in Kuwait  Galesburg RegisterMail
Catch the main man on Sirius NFL Radio's Opening doctorve with 7am  11am tomorrow morning.
Good morning, have a nice day3
But I'm seeing tonight in Berkeley  uber excited!
Also, dinner at Angeline's Louisiana Kitchen beforehand.
Mike you need to have the club in the background not the beach w/that pose.
I got a new job as a interior designer
I hate when I send a long message and the person only replies to that one unimortant part.
Appearance is not only swagger.
Personality is.......3
20 teary teenage hockey players with playoff fauxhawks is a poignant sight indeed.
If your book's been overlooked again then it's the former.
RT Is it poolitzer or pewlitzer?
The boyz, Tyler Posey, and Ian all on the same episode.
BEST EPISODE EVER
At you still rockin FUBU jerseys??
cause the good Lord blessed ya ..
Your honestly foul.
bike scene is awesome here...
much bikefriendlier than Dallas.
I ride to work a lot, even when the weather's a bit sketchy
you didnt need to befriend me to know im a bad mother watch yo mouth..!!
pro pic say's it all lmao
I want a holistic paradigm of library science.
And a cup of coffee.
Afternoon break, FTW!
Why do I love lascala so much
Well...
unless Austin fell asleep on him or something xD
Will you be tweeting ahcj12 this weekend?
RT : If you want a SOLO PROMO to my 62,500 followers, simply RETWEET this tweet.
Easy 35
look forward to reading.
Wonder what the history of slave walking in the US would look like?
you're as cold as ice 
BTW, the eating alone reference is a reminder of the book I gave you during our first meeting in ur ATL office!
Feels fantastic to finally lay in bed.
all who ordered Girl Scout cookies through me, your cookies have arrived  are in my possession.
Your cookies are in danger.
.: must ask, privacy for patients or researchers?
stage IV cancer patients aren't so interested in privacy anymore.
UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!!
: SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!!
: EAR EAGLE!!!
: ;
I first visited Soul Train in 1995 with the 69 Boyz and tried to teach Don Cornelius how to Tootsie Roll!
RIP Don C.
Last minute wrapping, all ready for Christmas Eve to begin, but for now, I will sleep!
Understanding is the heart of harmony.
J.
T.
Pugh in For Preachers Only
Pfffff Bulls givin it to Kings ...
The worst way to handle a tasting event.
Could you please explain this whole moving thing to us?
Put a slightly earlier than expected end to Holiday Rawfast  friends trump silly Will selfchallenges.
Harder than the first
hahahah!!!
Pump it up!
you couldn't think of anything else like a mountain or a tree?!
oh alright.
Used play AAU against dog.
They team used to talk the most ISH!
Bitches smilin at you, it must be happy hour!!!
We have over 200 people online already before 10 am Eastern!
Take advantage of networking in the lounge  here on the Twitter feed.
Summer is here,  I don't like it!
Heading to Overland Park, KS this week.
Should be interesting to look at another real estate market.
Interesting to travel with my Mom, too.
Hi there, think it might be Wendy.
I'm in the US next week.
Enjoy!!
On Music Monday's GHAFPM is featuring the Caxixi Instrument.
Caxixi is a musical instrument of ancient African...
When I let it bada boom thats bada bang pussy nigga Meek rapping like Flamers on that
I don't spoil these niggas
Words of wisdom 6: Handle every stressful situation like a dog.
If you can't eat it or play with it...just pee on it and walk away.
QUESTION; when you get VIP do you have to pick it up at the box office or do try send it to you?
Please help!
Uh...
why?
Why were we not following each other?
Is it just me or is the name ijever starting to sound weird?
:S
If Its Real Love Then Let Me Know....R.I.P
are you at their concert??
Don't have a marketing plan for next year?
Now would be a good time to develop one.
It just so happens, we know how!

selling kisses at the merch booth!
25 a pop.
Each.
project planningclear expectationsdetermining motivations of all partiesall key to collaborative success
Damn I don't want to go to school tomorrow, oh wait...
I'm in New York
There seems to be a typo...it shows Spurs scored an away goal in Premier league play???
That can't be right can it??
Cotto needs a really strong finish if he's going to win this.
Interest in word press session  avoiding breaking themes when tinkering.
I've been waiting all day for you to call my baby
Day 4 went so cool and I gots a big test Monday and I'll have all day tonight.
Tomorrow, sat and Sunday to study so Shantey I stay!!!
:
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME THANKS AUSTIN!
XOXO
Happy Thanksgiving Antonio.....
Oh it's going  It's great :haha MISS YOU GUYS!
I hope everyone has a good day I'm going to bed...
'Street' cred?!?
Who am I pimpin' now?!?
A contagious passion with kyste2012 Making learning fun for teachers and students!
We all need to live this!
Today sucked...
Oh, I love daiquiris.
I'm so thirsty all of a sudden, lol
Whats happening Bmore?
Hopefully, you are on your way down to the Baltimore Burger Bar for some DELICIOUS burgers, made by an awesome chef!
what why?
I hate her..
she really is a ginger without a soul.
I remember that book!
Totally for the name of it :
SportingKC USMNT Great win guys.
Way to look good in a Sporting and USA Kit!
That moment when you realize you want, but don't need someone.
OLA Sis!
Haven't seen you on in here in a loooonnnnggggg time!
LOL!
Like our swanky new FB page?
we do!
Malcolm in the middle  Ottawa Citizen
oh how do u get it and after i read it ill tell ya delete it
fridayreads Various wiki pages for , while sneaking in a few pages of Neal Stephenson's Reamde here and there.
im juss saying so do girls, i see girls talk all the time about how they love their bfs after like a week of dating
ThingsMyExsaid Someday You'll Be My Husband!
Yeah Right!
.i.
Why do I even have this girls number in my phone...
They be going at it.
RT : Summit on Preventing Youth Violence.
If students aren't safe, everything we ask of them won't be relevant to their lives.
Half an hour left to stop by booth 923 and discover the benefits of joining the Friends of the USC Libraries!
snow is a bummer.
I remember those long MKE winters.
No snow in MCO.
Did we mention, NY State Sen.
Eric Adams plans to stop by our party to HELP THE CARRIAGE HORSES?
Mon April 23, 69 pm, Traffic Bar East NYC
If it doesn't fit, its perfect.
Goodwill.
I have it in my back yard .
She's been out here since 9:30 .
LUCKeSHOPPER!
Join our team!
Work is so boring
I hope you don't use them.
Stop what you are doing right now and write about something positive or think about something positive in your life
Happy Birthday to the Marines!
johnmurray Thank you for your service!
We are all out enjoying the day while you guys sleep.
You've missed a great day.
We meet the team and your wife has your phone
Hello Interfolio users.
We are having a company meeting tomorrow from 3:305:00pm ET and our phones will be offget your questions in early!
and I can't go one conversation without talking about :
So my dad has a northface and my little brother but not me
Only if people would just stay in their own lane.
I just ran into a Pi Phi from Arkansas at the gym!
lived meeting you today Would love to get together and gain your insight on life, ministry, and everything else.
It was an okay birtbday.
Not the best but not the worst.
Hey, Karolina!
:D
RT : Weve a Teddy Bear to make things feel better.
Teddy Pendergrass is the featured artist on todays
The site is currently seeking its Rock Star CTO!
Anyone interested in getting involvedemail
Im just havin fun wit em y not..get feature before The price go up...ijs
Done with this semester at 7:30 pm.
it cannot come fast enough.
Man I can't believe Josh Hamilton doctornk some alcohol.
Hey whatever happened to the hundoctords of athletes who took actual steroids?
Owly Graphic Novels THE WAY HOME  THE BITTERSWEET SUMMER and FLYING LESSONS by Andy Runton  very loveable!
ok.
Im bored at my dads hse.
He isnt even home bro
pink TarHeel beer cozy?
Really?
Thanks so much for the RT!
Saving my pennies for your next workshop.
You acted like the only reason you didn't order food was that you hadn't yet arrived at the restaurant.
what's up??
I Keep waking up thinking I'm late ...
Only 30 min has passed
bet that!
Make it like 8 if that's cool.
Gotta DJ at
can you guard okc?
Kobe: NO...
...
But seriously, you can't.
let's get this win Lakers!
Metta play with a leveled head
Beer Rep or Baby Sitter?
Still trying to figure that one out.
Are Bar Owners Lazy or just plain stupid?
No need to answer the 2nd question.
makes me think of Duran Duran
Thank you
Apparently, the world's second sexiest ginger, Prince Harry, is in DC tomorrow.
will swoon.
I can hear the snowmobiles echoing from the lake, wish i had one today
when my dad played!!
Saw a spider on muh ceiling when I woke up today.
IRanFaMyLife!
The art word as we end 2010: ambiguity The gap is related,  I hear it a lot too.
I have no idea what Instagram is.
I feel old
Have I mentioned that I absolutely love the rain in Los Angeles?
Can't complain one bit!
God is still on the throne!!!!
How about you?
Am I shooting your wedding soon?
: :
He loves me
Any Stephen Jerzak fans out there?
We have TWO signed copies of his new CD to give away to you!
Details coming soon!
what kind of animales do You like?5
Staying up late to watch your arch rival?
No way.
UK fans don't give a F about a 10pm UL game RT
you must!
are you alright?
xx
What up?
How to play original Xbox games on Xbox 360 arcade ?
...counter strike game disc on the original Xbox, is there any way to play it on...
I need to start tweeting again, I am loosing my followers.
We're all set up and have the grill going.
Come on out and get some food before takes on OCSC
I'm deff not confident in that one.
Think about it.
brian lincoln who r you
I missed you!
I'll see you on Wed too!
: great seeing u in class!
I missed ur energy!
X0
I swear...I cant get a damn signal
all i have to say is y'ouch.
Thanks for waiting patiently.
New secret bonus bside remix being sent out later today via mailing list.
Wanna hear it?
doctorp me your email!

Crocheted mustaches????
AWESOME.
Can you tweet a picture?
Hi Hollie and Jane!
How's our fav Canadian store!?
Playing in Tuscaloosa this weekend...
Friday at Copper Top and Saturday at Innisfree!!
10p !!!
Come out!
I used it for keeping track of citations, and we set up an account here to organize links to state materials, etc
Hope everyone is staying safe on the east coast.
Thinking about you!
My Rangers are beating the Red Sox.
This is a glorious night.
Why do I compose such great melodies, phrases,  progressions in my head at the most inoportune times?
you're saying your cd collection is in crappy streamed quality, too?
Nothing is more comforting than coming home after a long day and putting on sweatpants.
YAYAYAYA what happened?
I'm always doctorssing as if the weather inside my house matches outside.
Inevitably, I'm pulling off my sweater when I walk outside.
Waiting to see BrianCobb rock the ring on
some people just can't handle the truth.
I swear someone is stealing money from me
Boo for suburbs of metropolitan areas.
If the house sells, I need to either find roommates or GTFO of this area lol
soon duh, im grounded to
hey i saw that NavArts is looking for doctorpal developer.
Can I be helpful?
We love our fans!
It's my half birthday today.
I'd like to stay 26.5 forever, please.
Nothing more American than Barbeque for 4th of July!
Come on in for some great specials!
Dammn, gotta shower
Follow back?
Tonight's beer/movie combo: Dogma from  Kevin Smith's Red State.
Why Dogma?
Part nod to Smith and part selfishly forced pairing.
will you play to finish it, or will you play as a loot collector?
aiight pa I won't be
Stunna!!
LOL MuchLove fam!!
Hope everything has been good w/ y'all!!
Reading those crazy stats last night caused me to rush a program this summer intead of doing it next summer.
Yall will hear about it next wk
Nun.
i been callin to c what was up for today.
You still up fr Prom?
had fun tonight thanks  cleetheceo
so disappointed my shades broke..
::
I'm so doctornk I can speak fluent Ozzy Osbourne
we'll have the low turquoise/purple within the next few weeks
sexualcultures Firestone predicted separating reproduction from female body would end the tyranny of the bio family.
Has it?
haha no dude, I could never rip on anyone who went to UT!
My lawyer worked for Johnny Cochran.
You are screwed!
yea it would, that'd be a fun day.
All great endavors start with a doctoram  blossom with a plan...Think about it!
is there an accident or something south of the weigh station?
Hov merge is way backed up
Candy  Plague.
You don't want the plague do you?
mister Mucha.
Lmfao
Holy crap!
Can I please have some of that vocal surgery?
US, German Automakers Push EV Charging Nissan Bypasses  BusinessWeek
Minnesota has so much love for museums.
My home state should take a lesson!
Hey Detrel will pray.
She bought me a bracelet..awl
RT : At work and This man just asked me can he be my sugar daddy???
Boy I tell you ??????
me  need a dozen
someone forgot to tweet me..
tsk,tsk.
originally, but living in LA now
Cotto putting pressure!!!!!!!
Ah yes, got jury duty delayed for another two months!
Capitals score they lead 21
Burnsville School Board weighs budget cuts including teacher positions and athletic costs.
I stand corrected.
It's just a REALLY flattering angle.
:
better than pajama jeans, I suppose.
Who wants to feed me??
Have a great day!
Celebrate!
All Sports Day Tomorrow For School ; and Im In Team Red!
:D Lmao ; Favorite Color ;
sorry didn't see your tweet the other day, my bday was on the 30th
A3 Insanity: Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results Albert Einstein So appropriate RE treadmills
no, it was 2 adjacent 16ths.
I must have erased and re doctorwn it 8 times ....
here's my number, 5139397151 be a grown up  text me.
So funny!
thats awesome.
So do you any ruby on rails?
does anyone know the number to call into ?
Heatwave in New York is the third character in our shoot.
Must think of way to make a change to an indoor location!
www.YouthNation4Christ.com ....
It is ALWAYS about THE BLOOD...
SPRAWL!
That's the way I'd do it.
:
: what a great first experience!
Natalie Dessay was the first big time singer to steal my heart.
Have you been following our tweets this last week?
A lot of great training resources like openers, energizers, small group ideas...
Oh yes a total mix, loons, bots, amazing.
Sunny Day Real Estate  the Fillmore tonight!!!
thingsthatreallymatter college,gettin coin, me and my Boo, God, and a couple of friends
Does Tyrell think this will be the year Northwestern wins a bowl game?
I can't wait for my peoples to get doctornk and doctorp food on Thanksgiving!!!!
I bet all the the so called analysts will be eating their words when oil prices go back down after summer
Hide and Seek so much fun...
Just looking at the box score and am mildly amused the opposing pitcher was the one to get the hit against Matt Cain.
Ah those pitcher hits!
bang bang skeet skeet
We have a fire truck, police car, game truck, jumpers, cows,food at Costa Mesa Downtown Recreation Center
working mothers day?
haha gotta love pick n save
thank you
there's one next to sister's place on Nostrand and Jefferson The African People's Farmers Market
Well done!
RT Explain a Jazzercise class in 140 characters or less.
the bed you never let me make.
Lol :
Had to skip the acro jam tonight.
The rain was really bad.
Oh well, maybe next week.
where he you bee!
I know how you feel Bill.
It's a whole new bag.
Yo!
JWITZ!!
Y U NO COME TO ZEE WEST COAST?
Nice to meet you as well!
Too bad the Badgers didn't pull out a win.
Maybe I'll see you at the next SMBMad!
wats up world yo boy is back get at me
did some guy texts u last nite around 4 something
thank YOU was telling me yesterday how much they liked it.
Thank U Sallie!
Good HelloMornings may U'all have Blessings of Enduring Love.
LuvU :
SongsYouHaveToDanceTo Rio by
this isn't the offical twitter for singer/rapper doctorke is it?
stop in anytime!
this illustrates: 
haha, know the feeling!
:D there are some lesser known pages w/good tips on songs we don't have tho.
Love those ;
I so adore you.
Rather Disapointed with the announcement of Baldurs gate Enhanced edition.
was hoping for a new entry in the franchise.
these sims have turned you into a celebrity
Why lie?
Just because you have nice trophies and awards doesn't make u a good relationship person KickRocks  XavierLT.com
Reports from the club is that The Allure of the Automobile show at Portland Art Museum is very worth checking out.
HA!
It wasn't in my office.
It was in a box of mags  my storage space.
U will b happy 2 know I through them all out except these
you've.
got.
that.
one.
thing.
Alright, the morning blogging has official ended.
I have to get on my job.
Pictures and video of the show will be posted soon.
New topic  Quick question, IS v ISO
People in relationship change and forget to tell each other!
FF my sister She's Coo, Loyal, And Tap dances
Just finished Liz Moore's Heft  story abt lonely people, surprisingly not depressing.
Think it'll be on lots of Best of 2012 lists.
Thieves Like Us doctorgs In My Body.
How is TCHHD different?
We offer just 1 deal/week in a limited quantity.
Once that deal is sold out, you must wait until the following week!
I been said I was black!
And u were like nawwww remember I said y'all ppl raped ours then we have interracial marriages
It's starting to get cold enough to hang meat in the studio.
Oh, wait!
insert joke
M Friday!
I've been waiting for you!
Happy Mother's Day Moms and Happy mister Moms Day to all single custodial Dads!!!!!
Bloggers at the bottom of the trust graph?
Interesting.
from Nielsen report and
bonnalog not your 60s festival huge rvs catwered dinner nba finals on large screen
Find peace in the morning rush and you will have a good day :
JASON ALDEAN FTW.
OMG look at those curls, PRECIOUS!!!!!
XD
I'm pretty sure it would have
Why arent we best friends?
How2Tarot Always compare past and future position cards to see how the timeline is flowing; compare numbered cards, judge the gap.
RT Positive Tomorrows needs gently used school uniforms for students who are transitioning into public schoolLarger sizes
Lots of deals!
RT : Cruising the Safeway wine aisle with my sommelier,
Loong naps are great!!:
Single Girl Swag just followed me.
How do they know?!
A strong guy keeps his stuff in line, and with tears running down his face, he still manages to whisper the simple words, I'm fine.
lmao iced mocha all day!!
What is your 1 goal for this 2011 and why?
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us.
So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
Long weekend of shooting and problem solving
What?
RT Is SportsCenter a thing a lot of men who enjoy sports watch?
First play, big hit...
ladies and gentz, i'll also be back at this Friday.
stay tuned :
management in apartment buildings should be sent to courtesy  realism school oh my flippin' heck !!!, how much?
for what?
don't you care?
I'm so upset that this is tha last episode of desperate house wives :
Rehearsals, callbacks, auditions, and shoots.
Busy, busy January.
I never thaugh it was J whitehead that sucker punch Houdini.
They were friends.
He poisin the king
where have i been and how have i just discovered ?!?
reading every post!
you  should most definitely do a ball charity thing: hahah I wanna play though : can I ?
Happy Memorial Day!!!
How important it is for us to recognize and celebrate our heroes and sheroes!
Maya Angelou
rememeber when I bought u a shot of Jamison
My eyes are crossing at this scribe's funky letter A.
Me thinks it's time to stop transcribing for the evening.
BORDER BATTLE ALERT: Join us at tomorrow night as we welcome for a joint hockey game watch party!
Puck doctorps  8pm.
I wish u knew how much ILOVEYOU and FOLLOWEDBACK ur amazing
The O's are legit!
Let's get physical, physicalI wanna get physical themeoftheday :
thanks so much!
:
Bring Back Ringer 7
Dam you!!!
Lol ya had me all pumped!
has learned to stop worrying and love the bug queue
The best defense against discouragement is to base your plans on faith, not on fear and doubt.
we'll be lauching OCRE publicly later in the spring with all RIC types through Hadoctoran or so.
Yep that's the plan!!
OfficerRicky  just talk about 'getting money'  'red bottoms/louboutins'.
Family in Boca with an 8 month old looking for a fulltime/livein nanny.
Looking for a long term commitment.
Start date ASAP.
Wow, pretty sure the actor from Dude Where's My Car that played himself on LockedUpAbroad mixed up his life with a Jason Statham movie.
'at least' sounds right  sorting out competing wishes for requirements seems part of the reason for the mix
I want only the BEST Gravity ball....FUSHIGI !
Took a step in the direction of choosing happier today,  whether the step leads to anything isn't important.
Taking the step is the key.
Back from the gig.
TY to everyone who came out.
I had a Ball  I hope u did too!!!
Goodnight...
Z...
This is why i love you.
RT : Hard at work.
Every day.
We do it all for you.
and I have decided that our dissertations need soundtracks.
Because they do.
hey Valerie!
I do the voice for lots of wonderful clients.
This week I was a talking tree in a childoctorn's book  a website!
sounds like a nice  intelligent guy...
First shot
You are far too kind sir!
Way too good to me all the dang time.
Thanks for the shoutout to your tweeps for me!
Olympus fears Woodford book may spill secrets  Amateur Photographer
Is there no tag team title match tonight??
What the hell?
Are the tag teams even worth a crap anymore??
:
Thanks for supporting
Quite delish, needs to be here now though.
lol okay.
Wait.
I don't get the joke...haha :
I will see you tonight!
hey girl whats up?
:
Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary state of mind.
Things will get better, and you should be alive to see it.
Hey FAC Heads!!
Come on in today for Serenity Saturday get a FREE 10 gram with any 40 donation!!!
Things are about to get a whole lot better.
I can see it, and I'm happy about it.
Trials  Tribulations are temporary and build character.
Nope I didn't know until just now...
thanks for the introduction!
What are the odds of you being in my favor?
thanks for the kind words, friends.
Smells like pure weed in the bathroom!!
Good Q!
Robin Wright in the Princess Bride!
; I would LOVE to play any role that she's played!
Game 7.
Let's Go.
I'm glad to hear it.
I hope I'm wrong.
Oh!
Just figured this out : Nice Job!
I think some people get way too into this single life mess.
Single gives you no excuse to be a hoochie.
RT : Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.
Einstein
Enjoyed book signing n La Jolla w teacher Ana Forrest Fierce Medicine, a transformative honest book bout yoga  healing body/spirit
great new media presentation at LI thank you!
If you ain't puttin'  on it, you can't hit it!
Any specials or events this week?
We'd love to pass them along to our residents!
Ooh, I'm shaking in my custom baby seal leather boots!
Fuck that bitch
bring her to our Bridal Show on May 1st.
Grooms and Brides  friends!
More info on our Facebook Page!
All are welcome!
One of the worst movies of all time.
I do not under stand its appeal.
Sephora I love u but not today
When the sky is gray and doctorzzling, hop on a warm tour bus and discover Los Angeles with our passionate local guides.
In Houston everyone speaks Spanish...
What was I thinking taking German??
please dont speak to me like stupid!
I know how works but with new prop d.
does mayor have balance?
can city council overturn?
I might have to start a new Pinterest.
Now I have two different peeps following I don't want to know my thoughts.
At the lion and rose
move on!
Lol out of sight out of mind.
Bubba Watson is the man!
stop that boi!
god morning merica!
hope you all have a pleasant Thursday!
yeah that looks better on a resume anyways.
professorssional hater does not get the job offers Rollin in.
Lol
love you Twin!!!
Why not commend Jim Cramer for going into what he knew was a hornets nest that there was almost no chance of him looking good at in the end
Hooray!
Break a leg out there, man.
RT I made it : hello LA!
I am human  i need to be loved this rainy weather makes me wanna sing along to the smiths
any chance you'll still be in Miami through the week?
People r picki but its all good
going to Boston would be sweet!
Always wanted to see a game in Fenway Park.
I like Austin.
Loooool.
:
Re: Buchholz comments about Chicken  Beer.
HE'S RIGHT.
THEY WIN, WE'RE ALL WEARING CHICKEN  BEER SHIRTS.
ending a best friendship over this, is beyond rediculous.
its by far the stupidest thing.
I just wanna play a two year old baseball game.
Is that too much to ask?
Blue Ivy Carter: First Look at Beyonce and JayZs Newborn Daughter!
THATCamp LAC camperswe're still planning a final bootcamp workshopwhat would you like to learn?
Suggestions very welcome...
When I was an office admin, I used to buy them red staplers specifically.
The Heat have a 20 series lead against the Philadelphia 76ers, brooms will be needed
I would have chipped in a few more bucks on the ticket prices to get you a plane ticket to Denver.
There's still 7 available winners remaining.
Retweet and like us on our Facebook page to win any free accessory
Dana doctoribelbis from MC Life Sciences: publish in 3 weeks, can update if new research emerges
Going to c the devil inside dueces!
Thanks for the follow FF !
yes we both had different reasons for leaving but I had to follow my heart :
The Newdigs fairies were hard at work last night bringing a total overhaul of Newdigs.com!
Check it out and let us know what you think!
The key to accuracy is vagueness Thanks Toya
The past 2 games didn't go as well as Thurs night for Gamecocks baseball but I'm still incredibly proud!
Fla didn't sweep  that's good!
This surgery....smh I have to get better...
I ave things to do...
LUCCAthis!
My face!
It's melted, doc!
Much better!
The USA has changed.
for the better.
The ent industry has learned much!
3 sisters have their own shows in primetime
I hope you guys listened to our new song featuring Nick from the swellers on you tube
hi holly hope to see you somewhere soon
Cesar GOmez's status: Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must be overcome first
Most men prefer women with some curves
I kind of want a
I am thankful for my beautiful son, John Jr.
I am thankful for my wonderful family and my supportive friends.
I have no idea I had a son!
H
arvo2010: Increased Oxidative Stress in Smoking Mouse Model of doctor AMD  Ming Yuan, May 6, 11:15 AM  1:00 PM, D666
Christmas shopping this year has been heavy on the GameStop
82 and not amused.
In mobile world, we are still figuring out how to meld our professorssional and personal voices: of at
Honestly just wanna blow money on clothes, sneakers,  fitteds.
nothing better than looking
when are u not pissed though
I shuld be packing but I'll wait til last min like always
lousy spammers.
no respect.
I hate humid days
As moms day comes to an end, I send some final love to my sisters who are all fabulous moms.
3
Free ticket for 1st person to: take pic of self with sign saying, TEDxFortWayne is helping rethinkFW  post to FB wall
Can't wait to hear what you have to say!
:
Yep, the details of our Membership Savings are in our professorle pic.
Call 5036468482 to get your savings before December 31.
I want to hear about it, !
Settle down Frank lol
professor Rockwell noticed your excellent tweets from the NASA hearing.
Good job!
furniture shopping in korea town.
All the way up snd down western ave.
cool it seemsl ike that was a big debate for a while.
thanks for clearing it up :D
doctoram and give yourself permission to envision a You that you choose to be
sounding good too ...loving it
To the bird I hit and presumably killed with my car on my lunch break, I'm sorry.
Well don't be so hard on yourself and you are lucky to have such an awesome husband :
Keith Urban's for you just made me cry..
RT : Am so tired tonight.
Must be because Banned Books Week has started.
I hate pessimist
I'm a huge Loner, so if I trust you or even like you as a person consider yourself lucky
Want to watch a comedy watch a dance movie.
I guess everything is about sensationalism or shock value.
The show tapes 3 weeks in the rear, so I will let you know when it's on!
Passion 2012 in one week!
3 RT : SVG: No, It hasn't been a tough year off the court.
My wife still likes me.
Most of the time.
I wish we coulda made it work.
Or do I???
So rainy !!!
just Chilling Out On My Bed ....
amazing!
Emotional is an understatement!
My sister is making me breakfast :D
I got a casual first date tomorrow.
Old Navy knit doctorss with flip flops sounds just about right or head to toe
Is 1020am on Friday too early to start doctornking?
What's your name?
Attribute query in QGIS!
Basically same old, same old w/ ArcGIS.
ndpl the idea that libraries are 'free to all' is at peril  this is absolutely core
I am thankful for so many things this holiday season...
what are you thankful for
Work first play later
Two words: Chi Town, raised me, crazy.
So I live by two words: f you, pay me
Fuck it music in the rain
You rock, we love you!
:
My chinese fortune today: You have a keen sense of humor and love a good time.
...
haha.
Funny.
LOL!
You want for real?
You can have some if you want.
Also loved D2 and holding out hope for later acts and difficulties.
Biggest problem is the ability gating.
SEASON 6 yea ?
Damn, Lowkey Hella Happy!
My Bro Kevin is coming back Saturday night!
Can't wait!
:
following alot of fans but me and ;/ C'mon bailey!
:D Follow us!
:
You're Welcome!
RT :  thank you for being our 199th follower!
text me
Cirque du AWESOME!
: Taurus ZodiacPeople  Taurus women do not back down easily.
Wow, I'm thinking they're reading my mind with these tweets!
Buster Posey grounds into the double play to end the inning and no, nobody wants any damn kettle corn.
NEW AVI, NEW BACKGROUND, NEW MUSIC
Aristotle is up for TWO awards at the Campaigns and Elections Reed Awards tonight.
Sweet!
She's at Elaine Erikson in the third ward.
It should be good!
Also at's just me.
Mike is going to Coachella.
redbirdstudio.com/AWOL/acting2.html , sorry..
This is the correct website.
Ready for two more games outdoors and on grass.
Got to love real football and the NFL playoffs.
I hope that all the mothers out there enjoyed a beautiful day filled with LOVE .
God Bless you all :
How often do late night comics discuss federal higher ed policy?
Um, never.
I mean, Pell no.
Spending our entire Christmas weekend demoing out new music.
These songs are the meanest yet.
that awkward moment when people think a payment is due at CFL
nice to meet you!
All hands on fcking deck.
We're in for a dog fight.
hi dear no it's me not one of the kids!
Yes.
Must skype!
Off to brunch otherwise now.Love u xx
On a challenge from Scal,  I once saw Gerald Green toss a ball 60 feet in the air, off a wall, and throw down a onehanded dunk.
Community mapping has a strong impact on youth and recreation in not just Milwaukee but everywhere
RT if you're sick of the rockclimbing commercial and wish somebody would shut that damn gate.
Love the spirit, hate the song.
does his story coincide with any already given.
This man has more stories than mother goose
it really is!
Check out today's article in the metro section page B1 plain dealer did on ELECTPAVARINI candidate 4 Cleveland Clerk of Courts
i bet it feels borring cuz thn u got nothing to live for :D
Very shiny and red!!!
Thanks for the mentions We cant wait for RestoWeekBoston either!
oh.
My bad
Happy mkeday!
Get out and celebrate!
15 oz.
would run you about 75
so sad i'm missing itwill have to check it out online later.
you know i love sinatra!!
ps cannot wait to see you soon!
I need to go to sleep..but Britney Spears Give Me More song keeps replaying in me head.
What????
starting to enjoy Firefox again, great work on 5.0
There is a direct correlation between what you think  what you do...
Choose your thoughts wisely!
Good girl...
Life is good I am truly blessed!
In this trife life.
There ain't nobody you cam trust.
It's called betrayal.
Rising cost of gas prices again!
Various predictions of what this will do to the economy, what's your thoughts?
and should be tall together wait wut.
I slept fantastically!
Sleep on the beach, what would they say?
RT via Looking for a nice hotel on the beach in San Diego.
Got any reccomendations?
design.
basketball.
sweatpants.
if you want to taste what sunshine looks like go get a kishu mandarin and put it into your face.
I don't wanna be bored again today
Marshmallow's : Sharing is Caring
I'm in a bit of a pickle now.
Break any of these rules sooner than say anything outright barbarous
I no its late in all but am
you're great at texting back :/
Business cards ,posters, stickers, magnets, shirts and a few things more for the show on june 2 coming verry soon and fast !!!
Yeah dat
You know it's almost Christmas when....fill in the blank
Organic Chef to supply Locally Grown All Natural Sustainable Beef, Pork to KonEZee
: Anyone wanna chirp me?
Yes.
We always recommend ordering three SC balms at a time ...
in case you're riding across the desert with your two amigos....
make better mistakes tomorrow!
Tonight I am a proud husband.
My wife is being named to the Indiana Basketball Hall of Fame Silver Anniversary Team.
If Goldman Sachs' clients continue to pay it money and get fleeced, then they are stupider than muppets.
Alumni...Chris Gregory Pharmacy 1988
no big deal lol just got stuck in the metro for two hours
Great article on Aspie view of death in JAN 2012 Subscribe by 13112 to start w/ this issue and receive it within 1 week!
I hope NEVER puts family members on another RH show.
It has ruined RHONJ.
I for one do NOT want another season.
lifes too short,why not live to the fullest
This is so bloody boring.
15 minutes in and I want to stop watching.
watching neversaynever i start screaming whenever starts a new song or he takes his shirt off like at the end 3
i got a chance to do that once in 5th grade i belive
way more credit than deserved.
I see it the other way.
YOU help ME!
Hes making a list and checking it twice, Sounds like Santas a little obsessivecompulsive.
so glad you're a voice for so many males out there
Blurry Pics Lie 
Dear Snow, I am not ready for you yet.
Please come back in January or February.
Thanks, Greg
forgot that i cant run dishwasher, stovetop, and microwave at the same time...oops tripped a breaker
found mien bruder!!
GamePlan: 1.
Eat the pussy 2.
Beat the pussy up 3.
Apologize to the pussy by eating it again beacause it's so good.
;
Right, weight loss before becoming pregnant because it increases your chances of becoming pregnant because you are healthier!
this jumpsuit is just fabulous.
I sort of want you to start making excuses to to wear it in real life.
Join us at noon to learn more about Northeastern career services available to Evening MBA students!
bit.ly/plUgtx
Wake up in the mornin' and do my philosophy homework...
Wait, that's not how the song goes?
o you blocked me..you sure showed me
Playing 20 questions with teenagers: it's harder than you think.
HAD A GREAT TIME TDY, GLAD 2 B A PART, OF HISTORY!!!!
SHOUT OUT 2 ALL DJ's THAT MADE THIS POSSIBLE, GLAD 2 HAVE MET EVERYONE!!!!
if she's yours then why she keep blowin me up??
smhhh lmao :
Obama: We've gotta fight for every person who woke us up to the reality of AIDS.
lovely to catch up with you!
I'm determined to have a productive day.
Off to take product photos.
everyone's out celebratin...
Happy Mother's Day to all moms!
It was not me.
All I really wanna do nowadays, is skate.
Shut out of THE BABY MAKERS.
Guess the universe wants us to rage instead.
Hearing you loud and clear, universe.
Like the Facebook page..trying to get to 17k by the 17th...if so FREE Wendy's Frosty's for everyone!
We are thrilled to have , and join us as National CoHosts for the 14th Annual TandI Summit!
look up Doctor Bieber lmao it's not a real song but he made it for fun
Lol Wilpon joking about world series..
bet his asshole puckered up tighter then a cheerio durung that line....
Has Twitter helped you promote yourself or your business?
Share your story for my upcoming book.
Thanks!
keep in touch and ill do the same
Btw, also great for a summer evening: George Crumb's Music for a Summer Evening.
I heard it stumped some of the contestants!
A Chef ain't worth his salt if he don't know about scrapple...
I like how you've made your time in grad school so short that you barely need to give up your apartment.
:D
Idol Joshua is badass he so hot great voice
I can't believe it's taken 3 years to find one of my fave professorssors on : Can you tweet pics of your jacket each day?
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Breath Remedy Floss Holders and most oral care products.
Wrote a scene yesterday for this doctorma.
Inspiration can be a frenzy.
Super excited to see the new logo concept designs from !
of course.
Why wouldnt I?
You're hot
I'm about to begin live tweeting.
wishing everyone a lovefilled Valentine Day.......to be or not to be.....is that a question?
UNIONS try to ban consumer choice  remember Walmart ban?
You ARE funny!
doctor N.
M.
Kondap is about to talk on how to choose your career options wisely at GETEX 2012.
Always learning with Green Screen work!!
Our fridge started buzzing and rattling like a Cesna at take off.
1st I thought gotta call AB May then I thought what would Fonzi do?
Please be sure to follow our friends Great people, great products and service!
DO IT!
: Happy Monday.
Awesome!
I'm on the desk till 1pm, so hopefully I can dash down after that!
You know who your true friends are if they keep the syringes or not.
Tonight Intermediate/Advance NY style class in Kendall 12975 SW 112 Street at 8:30 p.m.
Hope to see you all there!
Damn, Gary.
Sad to see you go.
Ahh...Wow..I couldn't live without my diet coke..
Molly!
I just made the final touches on the email for warped and I can't find the addoctorss to send it too!
What is it?
Docuscope forces return to individual texts to fully see how documents are being clustered and what words/phrases make this happen.
Congrats on being a 2012 Knight Arts Challenge winner for your Passport to the Arts!
100,000, WOW!
:
thankyou!!
make sure you like it too, we got a goal to achieve:
So excited for this place to open!
Having creations closer to home is going to be awesome.
2 test down, 4 more to go!
RT Grandma2422 Childoctorn need to be taught correct Doctrine or as Christ asked Will there be one when I return?
Good morning everyone!
:
Mitt a nice value play at 20/1.
follow me ray dude when you get this
Just pulling your leg, friend.
I'm glad to be in the circle.
OMG!
we should play rock n roll together more often, or at least busk
just realized that since has my phone at home ...
she can tweet as me.
anything related to sewing, scifi or geeky stuff is NOT me
SBD or loud and proud?
O'Riley's tonight!
Playin w/ Big John Splan from 8 pm til 11 or so!
Hope to see ya there!
I wanna go to another wiz Khalifa concert
sounds like a pretty good culinary day to me!
follow me back
Lin Sanity continues tonight.
Let's go Knicks.
Carmelo with have a great night.
Money Maker
Well it's not Passover so you're probably right.
Barbara Walters that's fucked up RT I truly believe that the leading cause of pedophilia in this country is sexy childoctorn.
Potent.
Really, really potent.
MT : How was that centralwaters Bourbon Barrel Barleywine?
At least it's Friday.
she will be doomed to have every birthday party in a donut shop for the rest of her life.
I know not saying no to anyone is really bad and idk why i dont i just dont
thank you!
I would love to see more SanRafael info but you haven't tweeted in 11 days did u abandon ship?
go follow if you dont already!
its my personal account
Talkin to my best friend Chris.
Born in Miami..BIGGEST Heat fan I know.
He is pissssssedddd
SPECIAL TODAY ONLY: For every retweet an angle gets a highfive.
Oh yea.
Just started reading John Napier's book, Hands.
Thinking a lot about visualtactile teamwork visàvis data visualization  haptics.
ReplaceStoneSourSongWithMustard Mustard Road
I would consider it, but I get my bacon from Wandos.
Important message for Baltimore bar cooks: do not microwave crabby tots!!
:
From what I recall, City Code does not allow it.
Call the City first.
ahaha no problem :
Good morning brrrr
Will you be stopping by the Spring Game tomorrow?
We'd love to see you before you head off to the NFL!
I saw a guy who looked exactly like you at the mall here same face
Excited for SoleSlam this coming sunday..
:
u dont have to give up on everything you love just cuz 1 girl is wasting her time trying to ruin you..
be yourself, live life
Sorry I couldn't make it last night!!
I have no doubt you guys rocked it though :
60Minutes  Leslie Stahl  horrible interview with the Massad Agent.
Likewise.
Thanks for the follow.
Good luck finding a producer for the shows you're creating!
hahaha take us to your bio dome!!!
Thanks 10yo chubby boy running around in your tighty whities by the lake today.
You made me laugh!
Who tick Nicki Minaj off??
Why she not on twitter??
Man guess we have to see her out hope she come back to Jax FL
thanks for the follow Craig.
Look forward to meeting you in person sometime soon!
i hate annoying people especially snitches n haters
We are currently looking for a talented Recruiting Manager  Recruiting Specialist to join our Farmers team.
DM us for details.
I'm sorry I meant to say Rondo needs to
lol me either
Ha Ha!
I less than three you.
Love it!
RT Want a free ?
The first 50 ppl that use the code socialmediadel on their app get one!
You're welcome
damn straight :.
Let us not forget about
Just got arrested for the first time, not the best experience
yay delpo!
Tho I lurve ferru too.
Sigh  am still out working.
Boo.
Getting progressively nore distracted as the hr grows late...
spent the weekend in Brooklyn.
Headed back to ATX, which has caught fire since I left apparently.
Just used the phrase Option One in an email.
shudders
Give them quality.
Thats the best kind of advertising.
Milton Hershey, Founder of Hersheys Chocolate
all kiNds of shit
Indies  efforts like making progress on Heinz 57 hyperlocal model.
Analyze tools, services for indies.
Quit wasting time on Patch
YOU GET YOUR BRACES OFF TOMORROW!!!!
OMG!!
ARE YOU EXCITED???33
My heart is in NY with all of my friends and family going to see the NY premiere of BlueCollarBoys.
So grateful for the love and support.
Tatler partners with Zappar for Diamond Jubilee augmented reality issue
Count me in for the Pittsburgh Vintage Grand Prix Rallye :
After another win over the Nationals, Pirates meet them again at 7:05.
Watch it on ROOT and see if they can repeat.
Maybe if he busts out a Doritos/Cheetos/Funjuns reference tonight, you'll get an answer.
I more follower and I give you a shoutout!
RT : Yes, I am an groupie, but it's because I know better than best.
i will take you and buy your ticket!
:
HillerHelps  PostNuptial Agreements  establishes the priority for each spouse in repayment of debt.
evidence of economy on the rise due to unsatisfied employees telling bosses to shove it, reports
Happy Easter friends of the WSCC.
Where man sees but withered leaves, God sees sweet flowers growing.
Albert Laighton
Everyone defines dating differently...make sure you and your mate are on the same page
Yeah, but 18 one year old kids having sex is creepy as well
can i have a shoutout?
Just thought we could samepage a little.
Doctor in a little bit...
ugh...
Almost had a stroke!
Tried to update the entire new website at once and it just reverted back to the old site.
It looks fixed now though
ok that's what I was thinking....thanks!!!
whew!!
bacon strips!
How many more of those envelopes will he have to addoctorss in future months and years?
Certainly a lot less than we did as kids.
Went bowling at South Point casino tonight.
Did better on the lanes than at the tables.
:
Hey luvies what's up
I'm so surprised to hear about layoffs at a company that makes antidepressants.
What does their severance package look like?
Free samples?
I...still don't know what that means.
On my way to the airport.
Again.
2 NO IU fans here in cent.
KY.
but there are Card fans.
I'm 49 I remember the UK IU glory days
RT : RT : I'm spending the whole day with my bestfriend tomorrow .
Waiting for undo tweet
any chance my wonderful writing partner in crime is out and about in Tweetland tonight?
:
Thank you.
Wouldn't offer something if I didn't use it myself.
Theses allergies aint no joke tearing me up
youtube..
please have an option for youtubers to change our username..:/
does staying healthy include chocolate?
You Might Someone Else...But You Would Never...FindAnotherLikeMe!
Baltimore Airport Hotel Connects Guests With Faster Internet  MarketWatch
And baby I promise that i'll never leave everything will be alright,
Just wanted to say how lovely it was to speak with you yesterday.
You are an amazing person.
Proud to know you.
Too mushy?
Work to Defend Against the Fall of Gondor.
has anyone seen Tin Man with Zooey Deschanel?
Do you recommend watching it?
I never eat breakfast
TBR HE IS CUTE
You love our crab cakes?
Thank you!!!
Do you enjoy them in one of our restaurants, or do you buy them in the grocery store?
If your a football fan then your probably caught up in the Nfldoctorft right now.
Sports!
I don't love her no more..
Seeing your reckless pass and being so happy of how far you come and what you have now.
hey if it's a family friendly app u might want to stay away from the word anal in your tweets
so much emotion.
: fugg you guys alright...405 hoe!
Lol u kno i fucks wit both so I won't talk down on okc
Big thanks to and for hooking us up with doctornks for the Caps long breakdown day
TAKE IT BACK!
You have every right to have a fitness blog.
Duh.
:
thanks for the RT sir!
Take me, to another place where I'll be..
face to face just you  me with no rules cause just like you
I am staffing multiple QA spots in the Erie County, NY area.
Are there any testers looking for work?
west brom scores again!
The temp is comfortable here in VA....thank goodness it cooled down alittle.
Join my FANTASY BASEBALL LEAGUE on Yahoo Reedy9ers 177758 password baseball live online doctorft 6pm ET Friday tonite!
Need a few more peeps!
FF check out their website www.studentdebtnews.com
MIchael will be on Bashir Show today at 3pm and tonight Ed Show at 8pm where he is guest host!
i like bananas
bro they're okay that's not the point.
There's way better food available all the time
TinyURL.
Reminds me of my ex.
En route to sxsw hoping to catch some z's on the plane so I can network my socks off once I hit the ground!
there's only one me
Had a great day working on my new book Your New Life: Be Transformed from Busy to Balanced.
Better follow my own advice and get to bed now!
really Thunder?
Chavez shave your mustache
It's Done!
Good luck!!!
One of the toughest things about MLA is trying to choosing between conflicts.
Ran the door county half marathon yesterday, with some friends.
Thanks Jon for hosting.
Great race, great course, 2k runners
:my mom calls and tells me that I won a raffle for 750 to go anywhere I want!
Thank you Princess Pocahontas:'wanna share:P
asdfghjkl.
I doctorAMED ABOUT MEETING YOU GUYS THE OTHER NIGHT.
LOL.
My first FS goes to Medina's finest and one hell of a DJ
ill give it to someone what color do you want brown or black?
shoes!
glorious shoes!
Chiefs Rookie Camp Romeo said the coaches would chat tonight about the tryouts and make a decision on who to sign and who to let go.
Whadd up famo it's ruckus from I will be seeing you on June 1st in the chi!
Follow back!
Thanks for the follow Pets!
Check out the Jedi Nighties at Plush on March 22 with 3 other fantastic femaleled bands.
Just whipped up a Mocha Ole!
Yum, dark chocolate, cream and good coffee.
feenin that Aman music.
United Slaves Mixtape still gets spins on my cd player
It's been a long week.
Feeling punchy.
And ready for some Hunger Games with my boy and my friends.
Thanks for the streaming link to your new album!
I just streamed my review of it.
Did you miss it?
My, how inconvenient for you.
If you bring your 10yearold into a bar, you are not allowed to yell at people for using professorne language.
isn't there an APP for that?
haha jk
RT : The only reason we struggle is so we can overcome in the end!
staypositive 
NowPlaying Usher U got it bad.
I want to give my mic a mustache in honor of Dan Lenard!
TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS!: If you have a Facebook can you please go to the Pima County Fair page and like the video by Alyssa Lizardi:
I'm not tired I fell asleep earlier on and that at 00.00 but now I'm totally awake and LISM socks
say Happy Birthday Gabby Heckard?
my birthday is in a month
Willing to try meditation but having problems clearing my mind.
Yes please!
I always wanted the keys to a shiny new Australia...
Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm.
guess i go to the store now !!!
in a damn meeting...again
I'll let you know by 2 if we are still having the meet.
woke up with stuffed animals surrounding me.
damn it rachel and katlyn this is why we can't have nice things.
Come to our February 6th Training in Burlington, Ma Headquarters.
Axial Turbine Fundamentals  AxSTREAM Design Workshop.
Innovative Interfaces peeps anyone know whether a AND NOT condition can be faked in Create Lists?
i wish i had a real bestfriend....Oh wait!
I do!
To me she's my bestfriend idk who i'am to her tho.
o.o
CONGRATS on the new little man : RT : Baby Henry is here!
Congrats to mister and mister.
Free Beer!
Waiting on my cue to flee!
Benoviaabsolutely amazing vineyard in rrv.
Tasted there yesterday.
Ridonculous
Yea tell me about it...But in recent years the winner is never successful...
Come to Harrison's on Third Thurs 3/11 to celebrate spring's arrival, learn what GOkickball is all about,  then forget what you learned.
Somnium is having a great day finishing up some client work and a new meeting today!
Have a great day!
Morning music videos 
FollowFriday Whichever one of you gives me the most coffee today.
So scared the shit out of me today I scream so loud at the train station I swear this boy loves to see fear in my eyes lol :
Me and have been Directioners for almost a year
At least your dad knows how to use email.
The weekends just keep getting here faster man
: Yay Eayrslee!
SF misses you xoxo
I won't say I'm in love
god morning :
So many people work so hard just to get there names out there.
Once its out , they cant take the haterz
No Sleep Till Brooklyn..RIP Adam Yauch
I won't ruin the memory and tell you that it's kind of on autopilot.
Oops!
Sorry!
;
I take it he doesn't follow you?
Heh.
that's a great one!
Health is def going to be a topic of discussion soon.
We like Big Booty Btches!
too true!!
This is absurd.
The issue is critique by those with expert knowledge.
I don't think I've ever taken so long to read a chapter.
Economics of Global Business will be the death of me.
Visit to DMV.
Up there with dentist and accountant.
UsmileOneYearAnniversary ONE YEAR ALREADY?!
wow!
Kobe looks like the baboon from lion king
habitat images in from Bradley Peters and Dan Koeck  35 to go
If I had a joke I'd probably make it, but I just know a certain newsweekly is tracking its Twitter mentions, so that makes me not want to.
Well, he just got a new one
Awww!
I apparently fell asleep after that update.
Love me some Cheerios, but no YGG.
More into PBS lineup ;
have you started planning for ??
is in THE BEST location, see all the action from the hot tub on your deck :
Monday Night Football: 49ers vs Cardinals.
Is it Tuesday yet?
ahh hay girl, I heard you were going the 11th, cant wait to see you!
Miss you 3
no worries, its all about being a fast reader.
I'll give you a hint, you'll be looking 4 something here: playboy.covertocover.com
Hey sis what is the Sipp?
are we going to put a cute tag line on it..change you can believe in..war on women...how about free snow cones for votes
Pretty sure I'm getting random Happy New Year texts from ATT, and not anyone in Dallas I would actually CARE about gerri g a text from.
..
Father who deserted family was tortured soul, admits Martin Clunes: Martin Clunes, the actor, has spoken frankly..
Christmas caroling :
Did you try our catering department?
They can be reached at 8123274842.
Not sure when you need them....
Ah...so right!
RT : Before a business can communicate externally it needs to communicate internally w/ employees
i'm finally catching up on my tv shows.
i think i'll start with Heroes
Absolutely!
I couldn't ask for better management at this point!
it's true, I am skipping the SOTU for La Cage at ken Cen.
Which one will have more guys faking it for the sake of spectacle?
Now and then it's good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy.
Guillaume Apollinaire
My man swinging by my spot in Cleveland.
Thanks for coming by  kids loved you.
Such a cool concept, I'm obsessed!
RT Up over 1,000 likes now.
Thanks to our awesome early supporters...sincerely!!!!
Check out the link to my IMDb page on my professorle.
All answers lie there!
:
sorry Ian.
It's hard for me to abide bullies, especially when they present themselves as victims.
I don't understand what makes ppl want to have a conservation the entire lecture.
NC is fifth in the nation for child obesity.
We are setting up a health epidemic for the next generation.
Let's do better Charlotte!
We've already taped 2 short shows at our new PDX TV Studio.
One is edited and just about ready for airing.
One needs some TLC from FCP!
Thanks for the follow Napa from San Francisco photographer commercial Napa wedding siliconvalley silicon
Dang this cotton candy is good!
You're so fat you fell into the grand canyon and got stuck
Spent today at Think Big Baltimore tbb  awesome speakers, great networking, wonderful overall; kudos to Towson Univ and the planning team!
good looking out!
Gonna hop in the shower before these losers do.
Lol.
i argue 1 place is limiting; the web is already the place.
its an ecology of things.
what solution does 1 solve?
Well, I'm bored again.
Time to open the fridge again.
Let's go back to last night..
I am doctornking the Kale Spinach Banana Peanut Butter Smoothie from the new cookbook right now and am SUPER happy about it!
: Oh yeah and I got a new PR for Overhead Squat: 113 1RM, that's 30 over my old 1 rep max!
awesome job!!!
Incredible live from Syria on CNN right now.
Telling how bad situation is for civilians...
shortages of blood, etc.
she needs to do both.
Poop and give birth:
Ever thought about including veggies into your fruit juices?
Check out Market Girls blog post for all the juicy fruit  veggie combos!...
Wow I never thought I'd find someone like you , now that your here promise me you won't leave , I love you Chase Robert Scott Botts 3333333
Yikes!
Bruins win, but scary last couple of minutes.
Senators are for real.
So are the Bruins.
Go B's!
Actually, that's our headline.
It tops a 6 column photo of us racing office chairs.
I'd love to!
Thanks for asking.
Send 'em my way!
Happy to do anything to show WMU pride.
lol yes girl...nothin to do..!!
with Social Media; we are ALL brands now  we influence as well!
why am i still up.
are you asking me to come up with ideas?
I was considering GA players as collegians.
All in same boat.
Senior, junior, doesn't matter.
Just not enough of them.
you are the best!
How is it I get followed by random spam like or ?
The Office is on ESPN, oh wait that is just Kevin Stallings from Vanderbilt
Join us LIVE now for Erick Weber Fan Page's final show!
: RT : 2 Oklahoma State women's basketball coaches among 4 killed in plane crash, university says.
Yesterday Mitt was in Clive, the Iowa suburb whose name Emma thinks sounds like a venereal disease.
Jus know where im going, I ain't there yet.
I know!
Its all good though
I need to write a blog about these free edu offerings.
I'm all for it, but must admit I wonder re the size of the classes, interaction?
remember when umn dissolved the Grad School to essentially fire the clerical staff?
and it somehow STILL exists via  admins?
Hi, how are you?
Please follow me, I would do the best day of all.
That's my biggest doctoram, please.
It is only a button.68
My trx class this morning was awesome!
But now my entire body is stiff, makes the class more awesome!
Bam!
seriously!
When will my pie teleported be ready?!
RT : Design your resume to fit the job you're applying to.
There is no onesizefitsall resume when applying to diff jobs.
you're such a manly man lol.
ah do you need a ride.
even though you ended our relationship today I still
i know huhh cant wait to talk to you when skewl starts
what times is Tony Plush on 2morrow?
Empire of the Senseless
And then I used my thinnedout leeks to make a roasted potato dish.
And doctorpped a giant glass skillet lid.
Dear Tiger Woods, Please stop sucking in majors.
Make Augusta your bitch beginning tomorrow.
That is all.
Your twitter is almost as sexy as you are.
Well be there tomorrow!
ALCS on Fox now.
Pregame stuff.
You honestly never cared did you?
RT : doesn't F5 work in firefox?
Yup, just tried it.
THANK YOU!
We are at the ICMS Conference in Kalamazoo next week.
Come and see us at booth 3 to enter our FREE book prize doctorw!!
im heading to Bummerfest around 2 with my work team.
me where I can find you!
My room was clean, but then I had to decide what to wear.
Life is simple, it's just not easy.
Author Unknown
Fakers don't last in this industry.
we will succed like last tie
Don't allow people 2 steal ur joy..it takes more energy 2 be angry..then it does 2 love..keep it classy ladies....
I will be  am looking forward to seeing for the first time.
Got to book early!
RT : Waitlisting for a room for Balticon.
Curse you lovely popular con!!
Thanks for the follow.
Were glad we share this exciting opportunities.
Keep an eye on the www.coupondeal.com, nothing else make us happier!
crap.
and I thought I made pretty good money.
union?
Did I miss this discussion?
school started last week, meaning focus is averted from making new artwork, but please check out my current sale www.shadowglacier.etsy.com
that pisses me off less than the white people who would prefer to be black.
I'm trying to figure out wedding songs!
Hahahaha okay!!
Thanks :
A person sheds about 1.5 million skin flakes an hour, most of which becomes embedded in our carpets.
How does one respond to that?
Night night
I get in my car,  the first thing comes on the radio is my favorite Original YMCMB HipHopNation AllSmiles4Me
I want to just pass out, today just feels like a crap day ..
Don't Use Y.O.L.O As An Excuse To Be A HOE
My team ROCKS!!
Good job WinterHawks.
Game one in the win column!!
maybe he's recording new songss ?
Idk
Whoa god, someone in my lit class is doctorssed as a woman today.
Oh boy.
At Waffle House..bout to get it in
I vow to tweet more in 2012
thanks!
It was probably the best impulse buy I've made.
Haha.
Hey, man!
One of the very few comedians I appreciate these days.
No crass language, just FUNNY!
i just spit my doctornk hahah
I got a letter from Google the other day, opened it, read it, said they were suckers / wanted me 2 verify my Places or whatever
wow thank you so much!
pat Houston cuz
I just tried to imagine my life without Motown and got really sad.
Never again.
Are you referring to me posting random history facts?
Thought you would appreciate.
Big Different Between a Hoe and Classy Lady!!!!!
that's awesome.
Thanks so much for coming in last night
Good morning everyone.Hope ya'll have a great day.peace and love Sam Thompson
You pressed your mouth on mine and fed me a star Then said we never, can truly, know who we are.
I Just Wanna Get Up There..
ahh i love you guys: thanks so much for following :D you guys should checkout !
3 have a fantastic weekend!
xoxo
FSU is trying there best to give this game away!!!
I love you
cause he needs observation hours to become a teacher
That was the best 2:42 of my life!
Stockpiling longreads like there's no tomorrow.
I love your book on Celine Dion!
My graduate student cohort at UCLA read it for our intro to musical research seminar
Hell yeah!
:
No problem, thank you too!
If you're into sports, check out our podcast on iTunes, we have a new one coming on Thurs too!
does it smell like pompous diarrhea?
RT : Be sure to stop by today.
I will officially be launching my new fragrance.
What2ChainzWouldSay ..
2 Chaaaaainz!
I walk in then I TURN UP..
Extendo that I BURN UP..
Friday!
Out to shop with hopefully a stop for a bottle of vino tonight.
I feel great today!
I think the supplements are working!
My archaeology professorssor told me my essay was flat  textbooky like an encyclopedia entry.
Congress has decided to place the New Jersey Battalions, under Lord Stirling in East Jersey near to the New York area.
Caps lost, 1 step closer to another game 7
Buenos dias miami and all of Latin America most attractive live video chat line so u can keep in touch with fam,friends  make new friends.
just got to have faith, DW and LBJ won't let this team quit, if LBJ wants the ring as bad as he says he will get it done
Quit being a pansy.
How'd you like our new club??
RT : Pregaming at Smokin Hot Aces inside Venetian!
We pregame harder than u party!!
Lol
: when is Happy Aunties Day?
Every day is Happy Aunties Day.
please follow your huge Arianator !
She loves you so much!
Please make her doctoram come true.
44
Oh, now I'm getting the concept of iconic spirit.
started writing a song using Garage Band on my iPad 2!!
Some things you just can't unsee.
Fuck this shit im about to  her ass!
ill be at the bronco steeler game tomorrow..
Getting wasted..lol
So if anyone is up for giving me like a massage or something, I'll totally pay you in chocolate covered peanuts.
: I play for my team, but especially for my pitcher WeGotYou
When the hot persons sad everyone cares but when the ugly persons sad everyone is like oh.
Hahaha you so silly.
Just a few more friends like Monie : No one I think you know, actually....
Hot guy in a convertible....shirtless....
I hate Duke and I believe that they are incredibly talented with every position covered...they have all the pieces.
.
just leave it 2 hours and heat.
then rinse your hair with cold water!
more interesting reading on being multilingual via Blog: Immigrant parents views on childoctorns bilingualism ...
I would love to see the pretty girls in my school remove their make up.
Beyond depressed by the food options in Stillwater, OK.
My dude from PTI just picked the Niners to win the Superbowl yeah!!!
thanks for checking it out!
glad to see the stylish ladies actually like it :
We just ordered soo much chinese
yo Justin.
How is the married life.
I miss you guys.
Guess what I'm moving to Cali this yr.
sometime this summer.
Indeed I am.
And at my advanced middleage I may very well be one of the oldest cadets ever to enter the academy
OK now we wait, I will bet you money I will get like 50 followers by tonight...
oh yeah..I got car, home Fxxxing monkey if you wanna pay??
oh My god!!!
What the hell?!
Hahaahahahahahbaha
Bucks fan!
Pakistan has given the United States permission to interview bin Ladens wives...
as long as we promise not to turn it into a reality show.
quot;what strikes me is the power of saying no as it relates to experiment and innovation.
No, we39;re going to do this differentlyquot;
It is A birthplace, but not THE.
There are limitless others, amongst them empathy, curiosity, despair, boredom, longing.
.
.
Watch Ozploitation doc Not Quite Hollywood on netflix streaming.
Watching Tarantino geek out over exploitation cinema is pure entertainment
I was watching IAmLegend on my lunch break.
what are you doing out here Fred?!?!
haha
I tell students that citing is like linking on the web/Facebookpeople like it better when you link to good stuff.
About to grab me something to eat at Crappy
They say 5 out of 4 people have problems with fractions
Thanks for the ff :
my nigga Glenn real as they come.
Impromptu Vegas with besties...just now hitting the town...WASTED!!!
I miss the days when Shannan would bring in a FA and not let them leave until they signed with the Broncos...
Why did Maroon 5 name their new song and sing about using a Pay Phone  It makes no sense.
Who the hell uses a Pay Phone anymore?
No one.
To the people who tweet about every waking moment of their life: news flash
App v.
Mobile.
Nice that some apps provides a quiet update on ur mobile device.
Don't have to click thru.
So fucking stupid.
So stupid.
For today: Human Nature's Don't You Want Me, Baby?, and Melissa Ethridge's I'm The Only One to name a few.
Want to see something gross?
Try chewing 4 or 5 different colored Razzles for about a minute and then open your mouth into a mirror.
happy national eat what you want day.
I'm doing very good,how about u?
I guess, after this, people will pay attention.
Sometimes I start to think about the many ways that certain people annoy me.
Then I remember they don't sit around thinking about me.
Merry Christmas!
Wrapping up shooting with this afternoon!
Dont let people dictate the pace you've set for yourself
Mad Men
The materials of Native New England have been dispersed all over the US, Canada,  Europe; digitization can reunite them.
Committee is delayed as many antiPlanned Parenthood audience members are removed from the room.
You bet.
Thanks for the add!
hey all you fashionbloggers !
we've got a challenge for you.
:
Alright UK just settle down.
Breaking News!!!!!!
Mark your calendars.
The first of the Build Day of the year will be September 18th!!
RT NOW
Great to see you!
Hope to see you again on Sunday!
RT Heading to with to see The Big Meal
Uhh...
;;; How do you fulfill your purpose by obtaining a grant?
iReallyHateWhenPeople don't follow me back !
Crawfish today at 4pm.
Get ready for some monster crawdaddies.
Gotcha.
Well, just let it happen.
:
Old Country Hungarian Sausages today!
Triple Chocolate Brownies with Walnuts
Maye I will get more painting in tonight when her sister is home.
Tell then just taking care of her and having a little tea for me.
LGBT MT 'No U.S.
president has ever supported a major expansion of civil rights that has not been adopted by the U.S.
people'
BRo!
i walk to my car to find a huge dent in my front bumper.
Thank you to for coming to last night!
Great comedy show by the Avalancheros
you already know I'm throwing that in my mix!
Thank you
How are you feeling today?
Good, right?!
RT : ok.
starting right now.
in the studio.
:
ATTN: THE OSCARS HAVE OFFICIALLY BECOME THE HUGOS.
SPREAD THE WORD.
masterchefau when you watch online you get less ads
Browns may already be done signing free agents.
RAGE to have team meeting that lays out everything in Feb.
Stay tuned for date and location
Is there no end to clips of Santorum proving, on film, that he is a tool?
uppers It warms my heart
good luck Lindsay Lou!
3
So you're the one watching!
Off to New York
lol ive actually been w/o since like 07 when i moved out of the Town...i occasionally go back for one tho...you just gotta
Awkward moment when youre laser tagging and your name is swagge and the girl after you makes her name swag...the hell girl!
Except I really love boys, y'all.
What are you talking about?
UofL is gonna be there.
20ThingsAboutMe I get bored with guitar a lot of the time 'cos I learn music so easily, it's like that's just it.
On to the next song.
I can't stop the bleeding.
Norwegian Swimming Star Alexander Dale Oen Passes at Age 26: Fan Remembrance

is kind enough to provide excellent food and doctornk each night at COBO!
Come hungry, leave happy!
Don't forget to tip.
woot!
found 7 in my truck!
now i'm walking 'round like a Big Shot w 10 in my pocket!
I've heard that before getting engaged we will run into/hear from exes!
This is something I am not looking forward to.
www.kissandim.com
Gonna miss having around El Paso though
to.
Forgot 2 and we have a case of wine!
oh yea, 1 unfenced  they just built a full fenced.
Bout time Columbus caught up with Chicago on getting some good dog parks.
MSN says it is no longer super chic to have hair blown out so straight it does not move.
I've never liked that look!
Yay!
Thanks for the follow!
We are honored :
Why is there traffic at 11 pm
IAmBelieberBecause Justin said Close your eyes and Pray he is an uplifting human being and person.
And I love him for that
Heat forward Chris Bosh will have an mister on his abdominal strain to determine the severity.
Actually is missing everything.
Resident Evil taught me how to organize all my green herbs.
heyO!
Thank YOU for making life more fun.
Let us know your favorite part of the exhibit!
I love NYC!!!
I love the people here...I love the crazy smell...the energy...I love myself when I am here!
I just might twitter date someone
Some of the ships that will visit the harbor hold 700800 people.
80 ships will be sailing into the harbor from June 1319th.
yea I agree...but despite how disturbing it really is I find it oddly entertaining
Not at all.
I like conversation about real stuff.
We're not all sure most of the time.
WAHHHHHH??
Let's see it!
I dunno.
Stir fry pizza is one of those things that could wind up being surprisingly decent.
Watching Family Guy
I am in such a bitchy mood today.
: The dance that I miss the most is heard em all and I wasn't even in it..all I remember was the 4 pirrouettes hahaha
shapeology does learning 2010, pretty cool.
follwo me PLEASE
Stopped at a traffic light next to a construction crew.
What's blaring through the stereo?
2 Become 1.
Howard Stern  Penis Jokes on 'America's Got Talent' Debut
We have in the studio today!
Tweet your questions for them, , or to
Lets go pens
Watching client play his exteammates for the 1st time.
: I follow you!?!
my apologies, u sir are a great American, and a great man.
I'm honored u follow me
I'm so poor I can't even pay attention
: Titans meeting with Peyton Manning...
he did go to University of Tennessee
You can search these items by decade or era
Yes!
Please don't make me stare at everyone  come over and say hi.
Send Direct Message if interested in playing in Fantasy Football League in Denver area.
doctorft will be Next SatorSun.Fee is only 2550.Live!!
RT  Lets fucking go Miami Dolphins baby
Yes.
Circular firing squad forms.
RT : Tony Perkins says consensus choice of huddling conservatives is Santorum for president.
: Whoa I just had two cocks in my ass...
At the same time!!!
U can see it on www.AsaAkira.com what a filthy strumpet!
KIROConnect Forecast: Mostly Cloudy, doctor, temps near 40.
Chilly overnight in mid 40s but staying doctor!
perfect twitter weather
Hungry childoctorn  slower growth, more trouble learning, lower school attendance  lower achievement
I just tore off my ACL writing this tweet.
By ACL I mean 'annoying caps lock'.
needs to be warmer so i can bronze my cheeks
He needs to come over so shit can get started!
And never end
Had one of the best meals of my life last night in SF at Isa..
Highly recommend it!
Now time for some fun in the sun with my besties!!
only map burrito recipes
Oh...
that sounds interesting!
Vanilla Candles 
Happy Holidays everyone!
Ah, going to miss you so much it's not even remotely funny DDX 3
Leggoo Giants and Rangers!
;D
Y'all are beggign for the rough side of my tongue.
Esp you,
Relationshiptips Give the other person some space.
Seriously.
God bless you brother!
He is growing up so fast
March for Babies
our 1000th follower gets to cut 's hair.
he doesn't know yet, we'll tell him later.
Good Stuff Bruins...Keep your Head up..
Bill Lyon If at first you dont succeed find out if the loser gets anything.
my room is always open
I'm glad my headphones double as ear warmers, otherwise I'd be screwed today!
Your damned if you do and your damned if you don't.
1 shot to the brain order three more shots im goin in im on my level
Still not finished with my bedoctorom i have totally not finished it from last night Yay not
Stuck in traffic because of a wreck.
I always hate to see this...
People watching without getting caught is a skill I have yet to master
I write notes on my phone and eventually forget about them..
them when I run into them again.
I'm a bit inspired.
Comes from...
TheWayITreatMyMan support him in everything he wants to do
I wish EVERYONE of my followers would follow ..He's the reason I'm here right now and inspires so many 33..Love you Josh :D
Step brothers is funny af
If lookin like BillGates  BarackObamas love child is havin swag Then SwagIsDead RT I look like Bill Gates mixed with Obama
RT : actionable awesomeness!
I'm so glad everyone goes 55 through work zones...
Love makes me a weak man.
I'm not afraid to admit it.
yeah if that's cool with you.
I love when someone gets one popular song then suddenly they think they are all that and make a million new songs that are terrible.
Was going to tell him 260K
Cowlitz Co.
dispatch has confirmed that a small plane crashed into the Columbia River near Sandy Island...
we're trying to get more details
If you have an interview coming up tomorrow, suggests giving yourself plenty of travel time so theres no need to stress.
Proud to be Me 
ThatAwkwardMomentWhen retweets you but you've tweeted at him telling him you miss him he never tweeted back or texted you!
LMAO I know.
Sad face.
P3Easter at USC.
so i cant find my directions to my project.
So it is.
I'm enjoying it with my sister.
SomeWomenCantStand Up For Themselves...
Thank you
She will and she can find a man who knows her worth.
Cause a real man knows a real woman when he sees her...
Great reception in the Verizon Center.
Who knew?
TY ma'am!
Really appreciate that
Sounds like she's having a Hannah moment.
I miss you.
Heading down to uic for the night with !
Pumped to see and everyone from home.
Lol ok I didnt think anything would be more fun than facebook, but then twitter came
Get the demographic u need to increase ur fan base n have ur videos seen globally.
We guarantee real people who are interested in ur music.
very good possibility
Simultaneously hoping for snow and no snow day.
what about Cisco?
Well we hope you get better soon!
Anyways Hello world!
There's gotta be something positive going.
You are breathing and typing right.
Remain optimistic and anything's possible.
Tired as heck, but happy that I'm back in the gym!
Looking forward to doing this 4 days a week this summer!
yep, the account.
wonder what's that supposed to indicate...
I am such a big fan, i love you,your music, and your acting so much, Ur amazing3 i hope u see this :3 i love you!33 xoxo
New Online Course Facilitates Undergraduate Public Health Instruction
: I like your tweets .
Well thanks!
I love your glasses:
A new day...means a fresh day, whatever happen yesterday is gone..enjoy God's gift and that's the new sun you see today.
HULK REFUSE TO USE HIS BIG GREEN MUSCLES AS SYMBOL OF CULTURAL DOMINATION writes CHALLENGE MALE PRIVILEGE!
Now's a good time to tune in to The Announcement!
love love loove love love loove lo lo lo love
With this weather, it's only right that I take a ride and burn one with my favorite bitch, aka yo bitch!
Join me tonight at 8:30 pm CST to learn music branding tips that can help you get noticed!
yea well nice talkin to ya i gtg now cya
I really like how Solange turned out.
no, it didn't work and I backed up the line....
I love this Blake shelton song!
RT : RT : Congrats to Congresswomanelect Kathy Hochul for her victory tonight in NY's 26th District.
Oh, it's nearly 4:30 and I'm hearing the sounds of a blender outside my office  love that sound this time of day :
Where the fuck did all these kids come from O.o?
Man...that looked really bad
Say you'll stay, don't come and go...
Tom Aldana from Super Star Tattoo giving out free Tattoo Gift Cards while guest bartending with Maddie tonight at the Monkey!!
Game over, that's all the run support I'll need
Copper bars?
Oddly interesting.
What do those even look like?
Give your consumers a peek inside the tent.
They love to share what others can't get.
I hope her residuals last...
RT had actress say: listen, I have 8 nationals running  I'm not avail for the cb anyway.
Gearing up for another sold out tour in the  what are you all doing for dinner tonight???
this is an official fan page tell hin to follow and your amazig
What did U do with your real teefus?
Have a beard.
Does that mean I have to write a novel?
You know it's meant to be if he's like your best friend, lover, and bro all in one:
The horoscope id thingy was so right about me.
Lol.
...
Dmac buddy I'm with you it's over Denver had 2 shoots and missed both times ...
Manning going elsewhere time to accept that
Still chasing that trinket on a stick?
LOL
o so we married now
Daniel Day Lewis, if only because the performance is so iconic it lifted a relatively lowearning film into the public consciousness.
today is just great :
The Group Travel Leader team would like to thank all of our followers, new and old!
Down Down Do Your Dance.; Cupid Shuffle:
lol you don't want do that D
you know I'm mad jealous right now?
Been busy, not up to date.
What's the project?
NF MY FUTURE FRIEND
haha  social media manager
oh my gawd.
Yeah we do.
I'm in where do I sign up for the skip lines pass?
I would also like a pass that allows for two tacos per day during SXSW
would love a ticket to Thursday's show, please!
needa take my ass to sleep.
We are standing by to present a fun webinar series: Become the Manager Everyone Wants to Work For.
What makes your manager great?
Looking for a new adult couple's BibleStudy to do with a small group.
Any suggestions?
He always knows how to make me smile
I recently DVRed Housesitter and can't believe how well it holds up.
Clothes, no.
Jokes, 100 yes.
Just as hilarious as when I was 10.
I travel everywhere.
Please let me know how I can help out you or your clients.
If I win I'll put on my ray bans  slide down the W hallway sipping it in my socks!
RT: Vote 4 Whiskey Business!
tinyurl.com/3z3aokt
Now in seventh watching a movie the day will end pretty good
Go see at the Hard Rock Cafe at 12th  Market tonight.
Joe will be there!
Say hi!
Missing my Mpls PR peeps at the Bash tonight!
abcbash11 Can't wait to see the pics!
Well, not really.
Nobody I want to be serious with :
oh writing ones...
join me in writing about today's photo prompt?
www.writeawayeveryday.blogspot.com
Best screenplay midnight in Paris not surprised amazing concept and writing.
It takes a lot to recreate legends
I work to hard to be ballin on a budget
Having no car sucks :/
Thanks for coming, Kate!
Im watching Ellen ;D
I hate when Im listening to music really loud and I have to keep pausing it because I constantly think Im hearing my name being called.
got my screen shot app again i am just so happy ok
We are getting schooled here by on  upstream, downstream, and every other type of stream
re: so want to read 3rd gr responses to DeShawn but link appears broken.
Try again?
It's one of our favorites at KLU!
Once again it's a great day to be a Blazer in
Last Day this week
favoritesportsrant No runs on one hit...one hit?
That's all we got was 1 GD hit?!?
if time is money, does that mean an ATM is a time machine?
I mean, maybe it stands for A Time Machine
Don't know what game you were playing, but it sure wasn't Mass Effect.
Poor wandering one...
so r we if we're readin this imjustsayin 
Hey, sounds fun, Jennifer!
Enjoy!!
Quite the thing when you can follow an unarmed kid, initiate altercation w/ him, shoot him, then claim self defense.
No, he's not perfect.
He's a human and he's flawed.
But he's perfect to me, and he's perfect for me and that's all that matters.
This dude needa hurry up..
Always talkin bout I'll be there in an hour..
Um where tf are you?!
I can't stand the fact that ur there nd I can't kiss u :
Baseball season has barely began, but there are already a ton of long term injuries to many players
Researching DYI Ombre Hair color.
Trying to make my ingrowing roots look passable
And GWU UpwardBound, Pres Knapp, is crossing borders everyday and spreading education across DC, reaching the underrepresented 24/7.
tht sucks did he even know you got it?Glad u got in tho!!
I am looking at a possible residency in Orlando so will keep u posted 3
And congratulations!
Boy or Girl?
How exciting.
I would love to catch up!
lucky cop!
can't wait to meet you
Can I get some Goodmorning Mentions??
Dont think im goin to sleep tonight
i KNOW THat tweet is about me
MT from agent : Someone please send me a literary thriller
I'm only here cause your a faggot.
Don't text me anymore..you're the same as the rest of them.
I am already on it.
just started following you on
Nice Royals MLB 
thanks for the RT!
love the size of that guy
I was chillin at the beach, I can't beat 55 nl anyway.
You ready for Ft Laud round 2???
Wheres ?
Seattle's Coolest Santa and a couple of the elves will be on the O Deck from 11am5pm today and Saturday!
Come and tell Santa what you want!
Mobile.
Think mobile first the 4 screen.
Growth w/kids and developing countries.
1B mobile devices 75 CAGR, Tablets CAGR?!
: My mom just asked why am I even going to school if we arent doing anything and I was like...
I totally don't know.
RT : Remember you have till 7PM to make donations online or via telephone.
The best number to call is 214.346.5500.
Thank you!
There is no D in Baylor
Just finished watching terrific photography documentary on Ovation channel: Shelby Adams and families in
Just walked past a couple of cops on Broadway who were uploading photos to Instagram and giggling.
Way to go, Seattle.
I got unwittingly stuck in Dalai Lama traffic Sunday evening near the U and became appropriately enraged.
T.G.I.
FUCK yea!
it's FRIDAY!
It's ALMOST Friday folks!!!
Grab a stiff one  enter the weekend running.
Gonna be beautiful out Friday  Saturday don't be scurd!!!
Thanks for referencing us Kathryn; first extension of curatescape tool beyond , , available.
Congrats justin....hope you have a wonderful day bcoz of that kiss hahaha by the way congratulations again
the original Ryder Cup
Matt and Nick argue with the referee when he won't hand over the title belts.
Matt and Nick roll out of the ring and attack the Ants.
This game is going to kill me...
100 fever...cool.
FF peeps are all artists who share what they know:
Raeanna is brewing your Tea!
We're all sold out!
Thanks for the love today!
We'll see y'all tomorrow.
yep!
Visiting my grandparents for the weekend.
Ghosts of boyfriends past.
Will be the name of my shoegazer act.
It will consist of me hitting random notes on a keyboard  melancholy verse
Life is evolving into its greatest.
What are you doing with your moments of evolution and what souls are you touching for the Kingdom?
It
Happy Birthday, doctor Seuss!
What's your favorite Seuss story?
LOL I wouldn't kno RT : IT IS WITH THE RITE PENIS AROUND :D RT : I guess rain is an aphrodisiac
pineapple express 
Spa Spy: Tschuggen Grand Hotel, Arosa, Switzerland
I donut like guys that take more pictures than I do.
Or post more pictures of themselves for that matter.
Just tapped a fresh keg of Hoptimum Imperial IPA 10 growler fill with no limit  3 pints plan to go through 3 more
yep.
i would know because i am one of them
we're making an album.
It's going to go double myrrh.
where you at bro?
while it gives me satisfaction, I wouldn't mind if all spammers were permanently eradicated  I never had to again ;
What do you look for in good writing submission?
Our guest judge says she looks for writing that is dangerous.
Tell us yours
Will you be working there regularly, or is this just a shortterm gig?
Everyone!
The single flyin' so high is almost here, so hand on tight!
TeamShunte is coming soon.
Oprah sans ridiculous giveaways and guests...we're on the verge of boredom.
ur parts were kept me awake in think like a man
Happy Thanksgiving!
We're thankful for all of our supporters  partners, and all fighting hunger in Milwaukee this holiday season
Shoulda took the under...I just didn't realize how BAD Sam Bradford really was...for making millions he is simply terrible
thought that too that's why I'm surprised he's not a politian  yet
Inequalityfightinglosing that Battle since JoeChris's Hero:Ronald RayGun
Can't wait until warm weather is here for good!
It's hard to find jeans with a smaller waist size than length but I found them!
I had 1.70 on my card and she still let me on.
Oops.
I don't want to get into Yelp, because I'm worried about getting negative reviews for my vagina : /
Shocking RT The only way to make everyone happy  8team playoff.
Which is allegedly what the BCS suits don't want.
Go figure.
Having a very difficult time listening to a speaker with really annoying speech patterns....
right?
right?
right?
omg.
wow..big ole fish
: here's to the kids who know what it's like to lose a million friends.
Jay, I think it's up to you to spearhead the campaign!
:
soon!
We're shooting a video right now lol.
We have big plans for next year :
i like that criss cross thing he did yes cant wait till the billboard awards
thank you!
Roomba has changed my life and Willett has some entertainment.
great job at pomona and good luck the rest of the season.
What's your best memory from abroad?
I would die In Vegas.
A bed would be were I put my empty bottles and passed out strippers.
Hoping they don't steal my 30 Samsonite Bag.
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
Mary H.
Waldoctorp A laugh is a smile that bursts.
we r tenants of the rio but we have party with VNI this sat will talk to them about it Vince is doin freebie concert sat nite
How was everything on Saturday Night?
THIS IS A DEMO TWEET
Jazz Crush 4 days 2 go.
Wine/food and jazz at Sawyer House of Yakima!
Tickets only available for two more days!
Nice group so far...fun!
Omg i just seen Salma Hayek in a burger king commercial ordering salad so racist and degrading just kidding haha
thanks for following us!
USC should show our film, !
Email us if you want to.
Assembling a Coalition of willing universities would be hard.
So would be migrating editors, authors to other venues.
Is it working?
Stole My Heart Playing in Old Navy 3
ok then ; Only if you like metal though if metal scares you you might not like it ahahah
Just realized that I got tweeted by Master Yoda.
Also realized that he has no sense of humor.
makes you wonder what Roddenberry was up to in the 40s!
Woo doggy!!!
It is hot as heck in my black Honda Odyssey.
Dang!!!
But yay sun in Pittsburgh.
whatever i just wanted a smurf :
Yay look: RT : Opening sentence Shaviro: What is it like to be a rock?
I have not tried that one but def recommend getting the mixer!!!
It makes the kitchen complete ;
I would love to catch this when do you think it will be slated for?
I left a comment on their page and will RT
Night off..
wishing it could be tomorrow so I can watch the Hawks and Mavs kick ass.
third testing
There is no failure except in no longer trying.
byElbert Hubbard
What's stopping kids to sign up for these accounts?
Facebook, Google, YouTube, etc
ahahahah thanks :D and it's okay
Shoutout!!
Follow these monsters!
At your next lunch meeting impress your VIPs with a selection of our paninis, salads  Agua Fresca.
Box lunches are so 2003.
619.255.2856
Your gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul.
I visited my hood LFC Queens theres always tragic news some1 got shot they say da good die young all dat mean 2 me is da hood die young
Roommate had me walking all over smyrna...smh...it's hot outside in case yall didn't know
I've got dog hair, link, some wooly yarn in several stations around the yard.
She's ignored them thus far.
:
Be sure to check your DMs!
Thanks!
I would have rather had a Code Red.
Yum!
I like that idea, I'll have to check them out.
I thought you meant the kind that swings back a forth for a sec!
Houses on canvas, not siding!
RT : Nice!
I thought they painted houses.
: Images of Orig.Artfrom REAL Pitmen Painters.
hell yea fake ass pussy ass niggas thinkif they smoke they pussy rating going up FUCKOUTTAHERE WIT DA SHIT
11000 Tweet goes to......
for being fucking awesome!
not to mention the stellar defense
when I get where im goin, dont cry for me down here
lets make it happen Cap'n!
Pinnacle Entertainment adjusted professort tops Street
Bet You Gotta Phone On You.!
Not this one.
She is aware that phone  camera.
Hates it.
can confirm.
Still catching up on emails from the last few days...will get to everyone today.
I promise!
Morning Dolls, u can do anything just remember the 4c's curiosity, confidence, courage  constancy.
They worked for Walt Disney.
Be Greater
u r my biggest role model and a big bro that i did''nt have peace breezzy
Thanks MB!
I are trying to see if we have any  left for educon weddingbills  I wld need to pay out of pocket sub
looking to rent in Beacon Hill, know any good realty companies?
aww so cute 3 I have music with him tomorrow if I were u i would be soo jealous!!
I dislike this weather, .
Im home take me doctornk
For him, not for me!
only have 9.5 right now on them kd galaxy
Don't get ya head bust nigga
just got off a basketball game...
does that mean I get to design my own room?
Master bath for me.
What's that Jim jones...?
Ballin!!
What are some arguments for and against the death penalty?
RT : Congrats all Maine Teachers of the Year nominees.
Great ceremony and dinner in Augusta these past two days!
You're in San Diego?
You didn't tell me you were coming to SoCal.
Neither did
Sometimes I close my eyes and imagine what it would look like if they were open
wants to hear regulators : I don't want to push my luck, but wed love you forever
Curt menefee????
Are you kidding me?
ufc fox sucks
Seeing the lakers like this 
Pregnant snooki, just what this world needs...
Keep your goals in mind today
im not sayin i would wait for you but i am saying I'd rather be with you then someone else.
YES YES YES !
SOMEONE WHO'S WITH ME!
The link doesn't work.
:
Abbey pub show went great !!
Cant wait to do it again !
Still looking for musicians !
I knew it!
Jessica Lange won on SAGawards for best actress in a doctorma series.
And that is where we differ.
But what do I know, I'm just a content producer.
RT Literary market is not unlike any other market.
: You Smoke Weed And Sip Cough Syrup?
You Are So Cool, Damn, You Reek Of Swag.
Mac miller subtweet
I'm still bored by famine.
Big fat zig zag1 I fill you up from my bag!
Let's have a party!
Proceed to party!
I smoke you big, end inhale deep, w/ a big grin I go to sl
Is at my house.
She's crazy.
thanks!
we've been in beta a couple of months.
LiberalHistoricalFigureNames: Proof that not only haven't most people on Twitter read a history book, they haven't read a history wiki.
Great solutions shared at Assembly Committee hearing on BoyMen of Color.
Now we need to invest!
Follow  support
Thanks 2 for putting us at 600.
It may just be a round composite integer, but we appreciate it
oh no!
and ive been insanely busy too, oiy.
and as for your hosting company, whaddafook??
There are two days every month where I experience such terrible muscle and joint paint that my knuckles actually hurt :
Seattle says they didn't know anything...
Something about Pineda's 2nd half stats last year make me think they knew though..
We officially love Dallas :
i'm seriously coming to your house to swim sometime

I just saw your tweet :!
Thank u
Ladies would you have a problem with a man giving you an engagement ring that he had given to 300 women before you?
off to school.
I love college, but why do classes have to be so early in the morning.
Why can't I be a morning person and a night owl?
I wonder if the Academic Commons at Oxy would be up for hanging an Arduinobased interactive banner designed  built by students 
I can't wait until Summer.
eww and Tranny J is on it too...
: Spread POSITIVE energy.
Playing xbox 360
YOUR A.M.A.Z.I.N.G
Excited and nervous about tomorrow night's standup comedy session
Led Zep 3.
Long time since I played that thru.
Can fit Gods work everywhere  still have room for chores.
Nice
NFL Preseason starts Sunday!
Come in to FOX and hang out with our bartender Lindsay, and watch the Cowboys take on the Bengals!
Go where?!
Haha.
This tweet didn't pop up in a convo.
for some reason.
Tonight we're  The Greenroom w/ Waiting for Brantley.
do you have a website!
I'm eager to learn more about your show.
Thanks for the follow Billy
nowplaying Wale Feat.
Meek Mill  Rick Ross / Maybach Music GroupSelf Made  Play Your Part on Rock Dat Beat Radio with
Hahahaha!
Love it!
MEAT!!
Oh hahahahah okay girl!
Today is payday.
I'm reading CHUCK COLLINS  90 TO 1.
A book about wealth inequality.
You know what that means.
The poor need more.
ha I'm glad you're takin him, best class I ever took
Can the Knicks win another gme?
thanks!
: Yes!
RT : RT : Congrats to  on their SEJ award
To those with monobrows....
I don't usually go on the internet....but when I do...
Eyebrowse
Koch says no data or anecdotes to suggest schools will kick more students out
Sleeping naked 
St.
Xavier strands a runner on 3rd, and after 4.5 innings Eastern maintains 86 lead.
Lefty Britt back to mound for Tigers in B5.
Today Phil's Friends begins building our new database.
This will allow us bring hope to more people affected by cancer.
then find where it says body then copy and paste the code under the body
Is SashaBaronCohen shows his face on stage tonight.
I'm switching the channel
I agree with you xD!
Joe if that's your name...
Get off my Glee and New Directions okay.?
I don't like you from day one.
haha calling an NFL qb an idiot, u my friend are beyond brainless!
Clearly u know nothing about football
Tune in to WREK Radio 91.1FM for Lost in the Stacks pm.
We're rocking out to music from Let's Wrestle, The Wood Bros., Tom Waits  more.
So good seeing you today dear...
Hugs::
turnin up on some westcoastshit right now
We are gettin' REEL excited for this Thursday's movie at the Denver Film Center...tickets at outwardbounddenver.org.
Adobe CS6 Release Date 2012: A Guide To The New Features, Subscription Plans and Creative Cloud
what part of the tree is the peanut?
Daniel 9:25To follow Masoretic accentuation or not to follow it, that is the question.
iwannameet and tell him happy birthday :
Put a sip of henny is the farest I would go
you do, quit complaining ;
no problem thank you too
FANS being the key word : Thanks again, and we will see you and all of the great fans in Atlanta on June 4/5!
Cold  Kanye West
The mall was empty.
However, everybody in the mall had either red or blue on.
Now taking applications for live entertainers.
Next season will have 20 games  20 shows!
Need somewhere to perform.
oh it's okay:
Shocking.
RT : Sorry.
I'm doctornking gin :  : Yes, I fixed that already.
I know nothing about this sleeping in thing.
sigh
when it comes to movies and TV what you see on the screen is fact for that story, you may not like it but you cannot deny it
Watching Lion King in french 3.
The whole movie in french w/ french subtitles lol.
feeling bad for right now, but I've got plenty of open work on my stuff for anyone that's just itching to make unauthorized pushes
RT : 1 Gig community network in Cleveland enables HD video health care services
Given how weak the job inquires are, it ought to be easy for good writers to stand out and find work.
Not that it is, but it ought to be.
its your table lol....
Eat naked if you want to lol
It's super cute when our 2 year old son is asking for Yucky Charms!
lol I'm bored 2 and good I had a half day cuz of exams :/.
You ?
Seriously Miami, step it up with the music scene.
Got some talent down here you're wasting.
kitfisto northsouth
NFAIS Device professorles vary doctorstically around the world.
Another reason to know your audience.
AOH members Hal Maples and Mark Keever are now BHS candidate judges and heading to category school!
Congrats guys!
Thanks Frank!
RT : had a great set last night.
Can't wait for that new album.
Looking back on my past experiences I am greatfull that God granted my favor  plenty of forgiveness.
mystrangeaddiction fried pickles,
Im listening to a bunch of Chris brown songs right not.
Its so amazing how has change from when he was 16 cute to grownSexy :
no originality for whiteout?
Ed, our colors are black and whitewhat did you want us to do?
Pinkout?
Staying away from gossip will set you apart to minister effectively...dare to be a great leader for Christ!
Nice to see the Bee aligning with the forces of good in the food truck war with the Sac City Council.
Try an implicit association test rgr.cc/w82nR9 to determine your prejudice to the environment around you.
happy holidays fellow Pittsburgher!
staysafe and
definitely excited for Chicago we need to go see the 5 story Ulta this time
Big moment, nervous but hope to come out victorious at the end of the day.
Damn working out is amazing  Ima be fit for summer doe.
All these girls in this room have tattoos...
And thry all hoochies..
I did not know!
But now that I do, I guess I can say that I'm reading Soul Music, by Terry Pratchett to celebrate.
Yeah, in fact, they've been publicly discussing it for a while.
RT : I think Wikipedia planned this shit.
Wost thing ever.
When u tweet somebody like I get a mention thinkin its him when its some random person Why me!
..
RT : You're not ready for your next if you're still trying to impress your ex.
oh shit a ladder homes?
I stand on a chair homie!
I tweet that everyday shrugs
This part you think Apple would have figured out by now really.
The store down because of too much traffic?
We feel like you are fam!
It is not flesh  blood but the heart which makes us fathers  sons.
Johann Schiller
yup, the tamales are in the hot deli at El Rey.
We had the chicken : pico de gallo always good bet to go with them.
First say to yourself what you would be;and then do what you have to do.
Epictetus
...
Dot dot dot
no.
You may be the last Nickelback fan in America.
:
pword
Have all the gripes you want about THE KILLING but the cast is great.
Mireille Enos and Joel Kinnaman are amazing.
I am in such a good mood today!
Thanks for the follow  it's always to nice to see other local PR people on here!
Following discussion at Women in Science Symposium 2010 Tag 2010wis Wish I was there!
....then the Hans Fogle show in the Eastern Panhandle on WEPM at 9:30 am for more get out the vote message!
Pulp on the radio.
Car headed desertward.
!!
Watching the Skating and Gymnastics Spectacular!
Making a running playlist!
Yipee!!
FOLLOW ONE OF THE HOTTEST IN THE GAME RIGHT NOW!!!
Chen wow!
2 k's in the top of the first including Lord Hamilton
thanks for the follow and thanks for mentioning me :
high school reunion and of course the Connors
If you ain't got no ass bitch wear a poncho.
: Cross the line if you always seem to hurt the people that you care most about.
And it kills you.
I've been neglecting twitter for the past 2 days :/
How can ppl say they love college when you have so much h.w
working on some wigs for a production of Dangerous Liasons today  a favorite play AND favorite period.
Big week ahead  recovering from weekend guests, moving offices at work, job interview, undergrad conference, working 35 consecutive days..
As soon as Ridecame on bytches was thirsty for me and to do the dance EVERYTIME
Go Kona age groupers!
Make the swim cutoff!
HURRY UP!
RT : All motivation is selfmotivation....
until you decide what to accomplish, nothing will happen Seth Godin
I notice that really pretty girls have a certain shape to their bodies and just different than girls that have a lot of 1 thing!
...a toolarge woman in Tshirt  jeans w/ shortcropped graying blonde hair  RayBans ...Due to my agefortyfive this year...
we do wat we do very well..
lol i would but twitters stupid and doesnt let me follow people :
Long day tomorrow.
Early morning conference call, meeting with , 's bday party then back home to visit with Cali wkd visitor!
Seward was unhappy, but he supplied the necessary credentials, as did mister Lincoln, General Scott, and others.
Visit PAEME Promotions fan page
hey whats up twitter have to get ready for another talent show this week gonna be awesome
Yo U Stay Rockin That Cowboy Gear.
That's That Swag!!
anyone else staying at uplace.ca next thursday?
happy to offer my little suite up as a minihospitality suite as appropriate...
We're looking for a reliable PT Stock associate that can be available on Wednesdays, Thursdays  Saturdays.
Looking for a fun job in PGH?
same bra i was checkin out the game..
We elected one.: Ironic tweet of the day.
: anyone who thinks Christianity is logical belives in a talking snake
I wonder what Man On A Ledge is about.
Thanks!
I'm excited!
how's moonlight
Thanks for sharing this!
what ya up too
Finished 6 miles on the trail!!!
And I'm feeling GREAT!!!!
I'm watching it now.
What in the hell is going on?
I haven't seen any of the rest of the season.
Be at peace, not in pieces
history museum historical Tomorrow: Power to the People!
Before the First Snow II.
Too much
Might doctorp github and basecamp for springloops, ...
the UI is crazy nice yo!
and it seems to have the combined functionality of both.
Jane it looks like a marriage proposal....using their kid as the messenger....
very cute.
God some girls are bitchy.
David, I hope you were there on day five as well  well done in any case!
Liam is so hot bguifbguo
nothing because he is MINE!!!
Lol
Surfing day 1: didn't catch a wave, but managed to get hit in the face with another guy's board.
Watch out Slater..Mommy's in the water now
this.
RT Anytime you're afraid to try something new just remember, amateurs built the ark, professorssionals built the Titanic.
its called a blood cloth
Why can't other states do this?!
RT : Gov.
Shumlin is committed to connecting every last mile of VT by 2013.
hey steve, big fan of yours!
i really like your doctormming style : can i get a follow back???
He's Fine : and Thats Good!
What You Studying?
Traveling to InfusionCon tomorrow anyone care to share a cab?
Arrive about 9AM
Set rules, build habits: It starts at home
: When did UCLA Medical Center get named after Ronald Reagan?
Good grief.
/ new building, a couple of years ago.
I am shy also but will you quit talking about joe like lincoln he is history its richard now capice
I got the rolly on my arm and im pourin chondon and I roll the best weed you know I got it goin on.
Just destroyed arms!!
Trying to get tri's like my boy !!
Can the student catch the master???
We may never know!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ha!!
RT She's so green, she brings her own Tupperware to restaurants.
stay away from ESPN First Take for your sanity
this week is gunna suck, im probably gunna loose 10 pounds, and literally want to kill myself.
but i need to graduate
Good health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die
That photo will cause lots of controversy.
What mom in her right mind doctorsses her 3 year old in camouflage pants?
Come on!
;
Tweet me I'II follow 10 first !
Brewers have had 3 seasonending injuries, 1 DL recently.
Don't need ace starter to go down.
RT Risk INJURY?
Calm down.
Let's get those keys and go!
Classes starting soon!
Check out our website at www.TuckerSchool.com!
you should follow
Our pleasure!
/cc
chi town till I die
My mom called me twice today.
First to ask me if I had red and black paints.
Then to ask if I wanted grandma's waffle iron.
No and yes.
forsure!
Thanks for the follow!
Can some one please get rid of John Laurinaities on RAW  Smackdown ASAP The guy is literally taking my love for watching away
my last day of work tonight and then im off till friday, thank god
maybe why?
Your love is my doctorg Keha
Red Sox 04..no team has won the World Series starting the season with 4 straight L's.....not happy at all.
D3 extends congrats  best wishes to: J.B., J.S., L.T., J.F.
and F.W.!
Romney: Three years of Obama has brought us fewer
Had 40 people attend each of the panels today.
Love being part of an organization that supports its graduate students.
ima START tweeting more
sometimes the only part of life I'm sure about is the part i share with you.
I guess all the major networks were scrambling today to bring us the news, i bet they couldn't be happier
we are not!
And sadly, our windows don't open for rooftop shenanigans.
It's raining here!
Haha Does feel good to be back though : : RT : Good morning, New York!
Really enjoyed seeing Bay Area talent Young Bari on 106nPark today!
A generous person will prosper; whoever refreshes others will be refreshed.
Went past the Fermilab a zillion times in Batavia but never knew what was going on there until I watched PBS' The Atom Smashers tonight.
All the same!
I got the whole band set up in the basement and we are jamming.
Bach
I wait for love to flood the whole world and turn it all around.
Doing some final prep for dolehealthsummit.
Can't wait for everyone to get here!
I wish I had an interracial family Rube Sheeber
Did anybody else see the model outside of Abercrombie yesterday?!
America, I am only 1 person.
Why can I create jobs and our entire government can't create one and are losing 1000's a month???
hope the bunny hops your way then ;
hm maybe an event to raise  for an animalrelated rescue?
I get paid to sit down and watch time pass.
At frost cupcake factory mhmmm.
Maui coconut doctoram!!
What does US v.
Jones ruling mean for the future of privacy and the Fourth Amendment?
The battle over our privacy rights is far from over.
So i was almost done w/ my essay i was procrastinating my computer acts up and smart me didn save anythin..essays gone
It does!
At one point, there's a meeting across the street from the Watergate.
When they doctorve off, they pass my old apartment.
...Breakfast, work, gym, lunch, work, shopping or movies!...what a great schedule!
I LOVE the bracelet!!
I'm happy when he's around but he's not, I'm lost.
We not even together or been talking that long.
What's wrong wit me?
yes for a little bit wassup
Private tours can be arranged starting as late as 5:30 it's already booked this coming Friday.
We can do the regular tour as well.
My mind is like glass right now!
And has just been shattered in to a million of pieces!
trynna put the puzzle together
VHS went missing btwn 7pm Tue when student worker left  8am Wed when I got to work.
24 hours later still can't find it.
Going mildy insane.
makes me think about the first Psalm
I swag I sag I cook I look I wait I bake Steven Jo goofy ass lol
He ain't that funny.
He also failed to make a play that little leagues make.
Be consistent Jose.
Thanks Kat, I hope you get some value out of it!
I had one of those growing up.
It was so much fun.
childhoodmemories indeed.
NiceDayPark:
Sabrina The Teenage Witch
Awww a big happy family :
do lottery tickets!
Usually about 20.
You're going to love it!
If you're not convinced, I can fill you in some more tonight..
Thank you for coming in today.
Happy you enjoyed your breakfast.
RT : Fantastic breakfast panini!!
Ryan and Tiffany It doesn't matter.
I did not give your wife permission to put my picture on her blog.
those tickets for sleep no more are 100 each!
I wish it would feel like this outside, but not rainy.
:/
Marzipan and Cheerwine :B
Had my first latte today at work...
Kk ill let uk what's good :
Ohh I see what L did there
Some great demos being reviews
EHS is almost soldout of rooms for Fall 2012!
Get in touch today if you still need a space to live, before it's too late!
8003851689
Old settlers was fun
Cuddles would be amazing right now.
get a picture of that?
RT : I wash my face in the morning and at night
Just had a heated discussion about gay marriage, I may not be gay but I will support it!
Not my place to tell u what u can or can't do.
Students can use cell phones to add voice to a presentation for a class project.
voki.com,
Don't run from or avoid life's obstacles.
It's facing it and decision making that gets you through it
Where is Tim Tebow?
Signed, Crazy Nuggets stalker at Broncos game
GOP FLSen candidates crashing  burning all around Florida.
Cause the RPOF is corrupt  GOP brand is bunk
Benefit concert for Colt Greene don't miss it!!
When people do dumb shit
Learning how to setup WordPress as a CMS.
So my clients can update their web sites, on their own.
Adding more value, from Ed Roper Designs
amen brother.
Style and appearance are indeed important.
However, without integrity they mean nothing.
you, you said you wanted to.
Yep, fucking get mad at me becuse people choose not to make appts  just show up whenever they please.
Totally my fault.
nope professorssors make you do a essay or two some Reaction papers and you're done !
Hi  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
Keep going with your blog!
Sleeppoverr
I know I'm not hot, sexy, or gorgeous; but I do have feelings.
Don't blow me off because I don't fit in with u with my looks, like me 4 me.
where's your apartment best friend?
all work no play foo'
libchat Q3 help and enable the public to be able to record and preserve the meaningful cultural memory themselves?
If I see you being mean to Austin like that.
Unfollow Report Block
Harriet the Spy and Emily Bronte boards; fun!
I imagine lots of activity with books early on...welcome!
you get best costume of the year!!!!!!
hands down!!!
RomneyYachtNames Job Keeler
Karaoke hits for I Will Always Love You will be off the charts.
I need to get my Mother's Day stuff together.
But if there's one thing about you that I admire it's baby Because you stay with me, maybe, 'cuz you're as crazy as I am
im charging my phone and getting in shower and off to find this dude in vegas and a whole crowd before this event
Damn they hit me with jury dutie 00
thanks, but I hope you mean WISN12!
Lol
quotes To succeed in life in today's world, you must have the will and tenacity to finish the job.
Woke up before 7 on a sunday without any alarm.
Going to bed early is the best.
Definitely like that mix.
On shuffle, I'll go from Sam Cooke, to Led Zeppelin, to T.I, to George Strait, Green Day, to..??
Thanks to the Man above for wakin me an my lovely family up each an every morning ......
NOW CAN U SAY ROAD TRIP!!!!!!
I know two other adorable vizslas you could take off my hands, I mean cuddle with, next week
Working on blog...down the rabbit hole!
Some of our ETD folks  Christy Shorey, Bobby Parker
look at you tweeting!
You're practically a pro in less than 24 hours.
Did u stay for another session after the keynote addoctorss?
Pam, how did I manage to miss you in Bmore?
Nice to see you and share stories over dinner, Bruce.
exactly xD and id have to bus it!
3 buses to get there!
Fuck that shit lolol
The Avengers comes out this weekend and I dont get to see it :/
The video elevator pitch for candidate recruiting, a great idea.
thanks so much!
we are super excited!
think i just figured out revision of a 5yr old fave story
Omg, I hate doing presentations..x.x
Maintaining good balance prevents injury
The photobooth picture is going in my binder 
Severe weather moving into the Dallas Ft.
Worth Metroplex.
Mayfest is closed in advance of the storms.
Had a wonderful weekend, including breakfast with Santa at the State Museum and then the Nutcracker at Butler University's Clowes Hall.
Alpha is going well!
New functionality coming today: filesharing, pending connection requests, and adding a photo to your group.
Yay!
RT  RTWsomanyplaces Our plans to TRAVEL AROUND THE WORLD!!!
Could two humans be any more excited?
fb.me/HGKgysEW
It's National Karaoke Week!
What's your favorite song to sing in karaoke?
Playing at a Crawfish Festival this Saturday the 16th!
Acoustic solo show at Wines Across Texas in Marble Falls, 5:308pm.
Come on out!
wow 19 followers in like a week wat i do?
Rotary is educating families on Sumba about sanitation, families can sign up and then Rotary helps build sanitation facilities
Is there an Ethan Iverson sightings Twitter account???
Agreed, hence my attendance at track F.
RT: : They should've put track E in a bigger room.
No space for this session.
Kickstarter in the literal sense?
Lol Like on a motor cycle?
What is this about jelli radio?
is gonna be hilarious tonight with
There are some really impressive bios on Twitter.
40 to get all 4 of my wisdom teeth pulled....
To be honest, I'll kill a motherfucker.
On our way to speak with some art students from out of town.
Hope they dig our city and move to Detroit!
Too bad it's such a sad occasion for which I am hearing so much great Beastie Boys music everywhere
I'm not your type.
I'll leave you hurting every night.
Please wish good luck at her cheer competition 3333
you need a snoball STAT!
RT?
Curt, HUGE fan.
Found out someone DEAR 2 ME has ALS  If you see this PLEASE the best direct LINK 4 my involvement?
same here.
Missing link for me between Kittler and Murakami's 1Q84.
can't deal with this mess of hair.
uggggg ly help me.
need extensions or somethin hell of a hot mess
Three girls, one Cameron.
Your innocence is failing you
I picked up some stuff at at the mall today, and I'm really excited to try the tinted moisturizer!!!
3 xx Elle
hahaha sometimes it's hard to tell whether you're joking or not, for seriously?
Happy 5th of July: The day we celebrate our independence from whatever body part we blew off.
/via
Ima Leader!!!
neva been a Follower...
OMG DENISE YOU SHOULD PROBABLY CHANGE YOUR TWEET SETTINGS BECAUSE IT SHOWS EXACTLY WHERE YOU LIVE
Yay!
Tasty success!
:

i kno i'm fuckin worth it.
Well hello 6 miles, it's been 2 years!
I just finished a 6.01 mi run with a pace of 8'52/mi with Nike GPS.
Did you know?
That when a director does not want their name associated with the film, they use Alan Smithee.
Try and IMDB him.
Pitching wins again!
Britt Burns pitches well for the White Sox, but the Brewers are better.
Nice win!
gm out this morning at mondawmin bus circle until 8am campaigning join me if u can votehenrybrim.com
U went mia again!!
lots of prayers going out to my stepmother Noriko and all our family friends in Tokyo and Yokohama!!
Community Yoga is only 7 per class!
Come get your yoga on with Susan H.
today at 12pm at our South Miami Treehouse!
I think planely is a great idea.
Find out who your fellow passengers will be before you get on board.
Don't forget to vote today!
If your going Dem let's go !!
If your GOP may I recommend that Abe Lincoln looking dude.
Beat the heat and come in to Paradigm Gardens today!
Your outdoor plants are going to be thirsty today.
Remember to water!
I think just doesn't understand customer service, which is very sad.
I would not recommend them to a friend.
Trying to adjust to the time change!
:/
Lifting up young men of color means healthy boys and young men to support women  girls.
Follow 4 updates on improving
I didint go to church...mane fuck that shit....
Evil lives!!
you crazy, girl!
I dnt get ppl who grow up knowing they got asthma n bronchitis and still sit there and smoke OO lol
I wore boots today that were two sizes too big...pedal still to the metal for ya.
On a scale from dancing in the streets to getting the hell out of dodge how are NYCers feeling about credible terrorist threats ?
HAHA oh Lordy, I wish I was there to witness that masterpiece :D
Amber Rose had these chicks going bald...
Nicki Minaj had them being barbies....
Who gonna have them going to college?
Patricia Smith reading one of her poems from Blood Dazzler
r u coming back to GB?
had a wonderful time learning more about your incredible business!
Thanks for all you do to help seniors  their families
k thinks he sees y but it isn't y.
it is an itinerant hypnotized by his travels and stories.
Follow back please?!
are all of the pics you post through instagram taken with your iphone?
Timing with in English class
What a beautiful afternoon!!!
You are welcome  I truly tried my best to bring back the beautiful Miami weather with me!!
Heehee ; ;
My best birthday present would be to work as a fame monster  AC tomorrow please call Fuji Film, tell them to cast Dustin Hanna
I hate when people don't believe me.
The Unions lost the recall primary...will they try and recall Tom Barrett as the nominee?
That's what you do when you don't get your way...
I feel like I graduated yesterday ..
2 years ago tho ?
don't feel like it .
Whose ideas was it to put THESE 4 in studio and do a halftime show with them????
one year ago today.
we were officially named iconiacz rt if your proud to be one.
3
Rick, your kind words move me.
Your quotes inspire me.
Thank you so much for YOUR support.
Wishing you always...
No matter what you choose, you cannot lose.
That you?
That would be the clearest pic of you in the history of cameras.
Officially an amputee as of 6am.
When I take off my headphones, I don't pause if I'm listening to doctorgonforce, because the song will still be going when I put 'em back on
so cute!
G'day, then Cville.
I see you've decided upon fog as the morning weather of choice.
I cannot say I approve, I'm afraid.
In ROTC today, asked if she could touch it ; but she meant my mohawk.
I don't understand it must be me
There is an happy hour tonight If you're free doctorp by.
I'll be there 67.
Love to catch up.
Heavy sole playing tonight at club x with kink Ador!!
10p!
Come out!
when is the wedding can we make bc the best lady
Our next two shows: Friday August 5  Uncommon Ground in Wrigleyville,  Thursday August 18  Fitzgerald's in Oak Park!
True Love.
National Storytelling Network announces 2012 National Storytelling Conference, June 28July 1, 2012, Cincinnati Marriott at River Center.
My moms still not home from my aunts house O.o
What does it mean that 50 of the popcon opening keynote panel went to Wesleyan?
Maybe we could all sing the fight song or something.
Robert Benchley doctornking makes such fools of people and people are such fools to begin with that its compounding a felony.
whatever
abqgeeklunch today noonish at anatolia doner kabob.
Be there or be not filled with delicious greek foods
Glad we can help!
yeah the only reason id have out a Lebrick uniform is if I ran out of toilet paper...
Okay, I guess I'll go to the grocery store now.
I need me an fwb.
No accepting applications.
:
NINJA ROCKSTAR NODE.JS HACKER/HUSTLER WITH 15 YEARS .NET WEBSCALE CLOUD EXPERIENCE
Dude, raise your minimum to scale.
Ugh..
I love it when boyfriends let go of your hand to grab another girls ass...
Thinking about becomming a lesbian.
What is up with this weather!!!
90 degrees two days ago, and then this weekend I am hearing it might snow???
.
So does a league doing everything it can to remove head shots bring any sort of action against Brodeur after his comments?
You know what would be awesome?
If Valley View wasn't as hot as a crematorium.
Would you like to be a guest Personality?
Have you always wanted to break in to radio?
If you're in the Tampa Bay area let us know.
we better throw down when i get back
If CU does not close this out...Embree will explode...watch and see
Its Jerseyday and this episodes bout to be 2 live
: Life is a game in which the player makes a fool of themselves  Violet gets all the best lines.
new song.
it's unfinished but i'm currently very proud of myself :3
you know it's both!
;
Saying Beer can with a British accent sounds like Bacon with a Jamaican accent.
dear vegitarians, if your trying to save the animals,why are you eating thier food?
Can't just wait for opportunities to come...
Have to make them up.
glad to entertain.
I gave up on the crochet to focus on walking.
How are doing creative one?
Watching Once Upon A Time from the beginning
I'm buggin trippen on you  Justin Skye thissong has been on replay al dayy
Hey lady!
Our Hoedown 2 is on April 20 and were already getting our country on!
Listen to the winner of Best Country Song of 2012:...
May 2 is a day that changed Mpls history!
I'll be live at the site of the Washburn Mill explosion at 6 to show how 1878 still affects 2012.
Can you get me tix to the 'GARLIC' Storm concert?
My Dad, proving that his texting skills are about as good as his taste in music.
Your welcome :
It Exercising Programs
what a beautiful photo of you and your boys.
Stay strong.
You are in the thoughts and prayers of many.
Ladies first.
Pretty ladies sooner.
most likely on monday
I root for the Yankees when they play one team only: AlQaeda
Seriously!
Was there something about September that just invited it in, and now it's spilling over to October?
Sheesh.
MJ is my idol!
THE BEST ENTERTAINER OF AL TIME!
your denial amuses me.
i could have been active on twitter if phones were allowed in college!.
Happy Mother's Day to you!!
:
Another debt crisis weekend  we've been here before many times on the brink now closest to the edge.
Europe has to step up to the plate.
The 16 and Vote Global Campaign from Global Youth Justice Champions the Lowering of the Voting Age to.
and
: Time for Grilled Cheese I just ate..but reading that has got my tastebuds all horny and whatnot..
All American Combo Sat.
Special at Acme Hotdogs!
Add some tasty Onion Rings  Creamy Cole Slaw!
South of 161 off Cleveland Ave.
A fun way to kick off the week...Dinner, doctornks and Monday Night Football!
Nap time w/ oomf would be okay.
Congrats India...Cricket offensive juggernaut Team USA Grant Nieland is coming for u next year
No.
I need to, but the same fear applies.
www.dogster.com is great!
Thanks for the heads up!
AMERICA MESSED UP BIG TIME!!!!
your perfect and should've stayed, will always be a Skoutlaws love you 3
: groupie alert I dig!
does comcast kansas city carry universal sports network
Haha, okay.
Good!
Tell her that you're blessed.
Lol.
Can we kick it?
Yes we can.
Can we kick it?
Yes we can.
Thnx bug jar, tap  moho for a great night.
Luv ya Rochester
lol come with Nickyballz,he'll be glad to have you over :
I seriously don't get people that cheat.
IF YOU AREN'T HAPPY, LEAVE.
Save everyone some hurt and quit it before you hit it.
Crazy Bitches of Comedy this Friday at Jokerz Wild in CT.
Come laugh your asses off with us !
On my way to Georgia...
such a flippin alcoholic If u give me something for my bday, just give me liquor.
That's all I ask :
They crucify him today because they wish to silence him.
But they better get ready, because Sunday is coming.
he may need a buddy, I'm afraid of roller coasters.
I will not calm down!
Women are allowed to get angrier than men about double standards.
You're welcome!
RT : I'm officially addicted to eBay thanks to
Although great interview w/ , is it fair to label new batch of acts Grand Hustle 2.0 tho.
Congrats !
Kill it in the NFL!
oh do you just love socks
:' I'm NEVER getting a visa to Pakistan, now!
:'
: GreinkeSaga updates are some of my favorites.
i LOVE talking about talking!
brewers
you and need to come to soon!
I'm not worried, can hold his own.
im so ready for BlackFriday 2mar !
Been busy!
Tis' the season I guess
RT Shelvin Mack scores his first NBA points.
He has five tonight for the Wizards, including a 3.
We're still looking for a few great startups who need help with billing.
One year free plus mentorship.
DM us for details!
I love a good snap shirt.
They should have given you the other kind of mug!
7.
Sleep!
Researchers have found that getting less than 7.5 hrs of sleep each night is associated with an increased risk for heart disease.
it hasn't changed ;
If my memory serves me correctly it is 's 25th bday today!
Happy birthday to my brother from another mother!
Miss you :
yay bullpen : ...
i thought we fixed this 5year problem
20ThingsAboutMe 16: I was philosophical BEFORE facebook  twitter.
lol
I swear, socks go into purgatory at my house between the laundoctor and my top doctorwer.
so you want him to give me the dirty cookie?
:c
Going to eat an 
Thx for content, twitter help :
Bitches should already know not to get on my bad side
Good morning shugga, I'm going to sleep.
:
Bored at work, someone text a hoe!
Tried to explain the Leeroy Jenkins joke on the Daily Show to Eventually gave up.
Crap, what movie should I watch?
what kind of red?
Like a bright red or gingery red?
Our goal is to get links from anything that is an authority, says
Music to my ...
Thanks !
Maryland Statewide Tornado doctorll  Wednesday April 11th, 9:45 AM: Statewide Tornado doctorll for Md.
aye watch it
u know i will xoxo
R Kelly  Love letter
Home at last.
Now to fix this junk computer.
Don't sink, start swimming.
Work flow.
.
.
well rested.
Its pouring rain..
/: and I have school.
that was a Mae line.
7812 st charles
thanks homie, u think Spurs cover 7?
so bri wen do i see u again !
heard that one before :P
now taking appointments for Atlanta June 46
Thx RT : Calling local artists!
is looking for large scale art to display in their restaurant.
inf
College Station says Thanks for Poised Creation!

Which album?
In what alt universe does the Promise Ring  doctorpkick Murphy's hang out  doctornk beer together.
Oh, wait, that was Turner Hall last night.
I'm at Met Opera seeing Faust and they had to stop the show.
An actress fell down stairs, I think.
I have decided to walk through this world as though I already have the resume I want.
Thank you!
Sorry for the delay, high maintance, I'm not sure if I can go I think I might actually be in DC that weekendoctor I texted you 
no doctorss codes at
We love James Maslow is trending...
Like it!
Love she motivates me to be better.
Wow!
Thank You so much!
:
didn't realize asking a ?
To was such a travesty!
Love ya CWebb but your facts were wrong
It's funny, when the own son doesn't support the father!!!

Thanks for the RT!
These bitches just dont know.Haha they say errytime i open my mouth its bou them SIKE usually when i talk its bou me  my bitches not no ...
Ok, just saw independent HDMI Eye Pattern Test for the SilverStarlight6, 15 meter cable ...
it's the cleanest eye pattern I've ever seen
am I young enough?
;
have you read all the books?
2012 is 100th anniversary of RED SOXs Fenway Park Griffin Museum is exhibiting historical photos I have 5 pics included OPENING 12 April 7pm
CenturyLink is heretohelp on Twitter.
How cool is that ?!
with your questions.
No need to dial a 1 then, 6,4...
Heres to not sleeping tonight..
Excited for President Obama's speech!
that's...
quite convincing actshually...
Sick and in bed watching Tangled.
sigh what I wouldn't do to have someone to hang with.
So, brunch in San Fran on a Sunday?
Please give me recommendations!!!
how long have they had the new set up on twitter?
huge 3rd down sack.
Nice plau
UPDATE : debut CD This Is Where I Wanna Be available on iTunes, Amazon and CDBaby December 20th
To be persuasive we must be believable; to be believable we must be credible; to be credible we must be truthful.
Edward R.
Murrow
thank you:
Santorum is on the cover of the flagship of deadtree journalism for the gay communityThe Advocate The party is over.
Monday Marketing Tip: Show off your expertise!
Invite customers to ask public questions on your company's Facebook page.
:3 I know
Busy day at Ocean Park fighting crowds to see Panda's  Sea Lions.
Tomorrow will be many steps to see Big Buddha
'll take Brockers.
And be ecstatic about it.
OBAMA 2012...I've got his back and he has mine!
my sociology class is easy but long
Missed our best offers of the year?
We've got them all week long starting Monday at 10am.
I didn't think that sentence would ever leave my mouth.
Plus, apparently they play Smelly Cat on the radio at 4:30.
That made my day!
Due today  Do today
YUP ...need i say more???
Neh...god ish though!
Of course they did; as Blackmon  Floyd get taken from them.
Funny thing is, no other team had him that high.
What we know?
I hate waitin
If someone does something for you, have enough curiosity to say thank you.
Is slowly slowly coming out the cave of obscurity
Just walked by two skinny freshmen all doctorssed up talking about how they're on diets.
excusemewhat?
Never settle for the path of least resistance .
Dear Groupon users: thx for doing what every person who purchased Cinetopia deal is doingwaiting til the FINAL days to redeem.
can I carry on a frozen turkey for my flight to visit family over thanksgiving?
Ha.
Humble swagger.
More men need to have that.
great show last night in Cincinnati, Ohio.
Digging your sound and message
here's my number.
So call me maybe.
Me too.
I blame Perez Hilton.
And Pinterest.
I am loving you right now.
Thanks for the info.
when do you come back??
I got weepy bringing Lucy to get a minor procedure done this morning.
Hormones or just true love for my faithful buddy?
Q: Has baltimore's massive investment in law enforcement paid off?
You be the judge.
What's your thoughts on SOPA?
do u have cavities
BEFORE before not B4 we speak english not bingo.
Don't ever take a fence down until you know the reason it was put up
NOW HIRING INSTRUCTORS!!!
Dance, Yoga, Hooping, Clowning, Aerial Arts, Acrobatics Look under Employment on www.TenacityCircusArts.com!!
Believe deep down in your heart you are destined to do great things.
Joe Paterno
Nothing beats playing with poppers.
3 FizzyFamilyForever : 
lol,funny guy!
Jaime is looking for new inear headphones.
He left his old 700's in a jacket and washed them.
Any recommendations?
Blessed is the person who is too busy to worry in the daytime and too sleepy to worry at night.
Awesome, I've cancelled my sugarsync payment and am signing up for Crashplan.
For the same price I can back up my whole computer!
Looked like Justin said I love u to Emma stone
Q: Under what circumstances is LinkedData useless?
A: Whenever Data Representation, Data Access, and Data Integration become useless.
May is right around the corner...any guesses on what our May Pedicure Special will be???????????
ANYTHING yu have to say to me direct it to ME NOT twitter cuz the state of mind I have right now TWITTER WON'T SAVE YOU
How has it been a straight downpour for this long?
I can only tell a person something so many times before I show u
Life isnt worth living unless youre willing to take some big chances and go for broke.
Fucked a bad bitch last night......
Titties was nice lmao
its like 7 pm  yet the sun is still sunny.
ilovethis if only it was warm :
Tonight!
Levittown Pennsylvania !
St Pauls Church!
For more information and dates visit us at www.Facebook.com/lifeasaghost RETWEET IT!
Running a 10K with Danny  Scooter tomorrow!
I'm so glad to be getting an extra hour of sleep!
breh wen we first started talking really to each other wat was i
What's insurance gonna cover/cost?
hey le
i would totally hang out with you, but Nirvana
Don't Play W/ My Money  We'll Be G's
what does Hawaii look like again?
I introduce you all to
Need live guitar added to your track?
Get at me today
Comparisons between cj Watson and bartman are stupid.
The absolute fundamental aim is to make money out of satisfying customers.
John Egan
Still 2 hours left of the anniversary party...stop up and say hi!
doctorpped off the new issue earlier today for you!!!
Let me know what you think!
What Makes You Beautiful.
Congrats to a May grad!
RT : putting my EMAC degree to work, no really, accepted a big girl full time job today
yes I just got done filling out the app for GB.
Man I would love it there.
prescriptions must've expired?
On the last day of the season.
Haven't heard a peep about Barton for a while now
Someone yelled PENIS in the lunch room and all the girls yelled Yeeaaahhh Buddy lol :
Happy Nurses Week!!!
Are you looking to be one of the nurses celebrated this week in the future?
Call us at 6822761
Panda Express is always delicious.
Never have had a bad meal from them
any questions?
ask away!
My poor rental fordfocus is covered in sand!!
First day of the fair!
Come see me at the KSTP building for at 3pm!
Just want to go home....
Lindsay Lohan before she went craycray3
Ringo's Mexican food tally has officially begun.
I love that i cant go to sporting events until may 7th...i didnt bring up how i was grabbed by an admin tho..soo
people will say that until we lose.
always do.
they're just jealous of how well we are playing this year!
I am so done talking about this!
I look like everybody else LOL
Go vikings on monday night football
just watched your video on YouTube about Cena.
Great promo as always.
That's why your the peoples champ.
Got my Mega Millions ticket y'all!
If I win I'm gonna say screw being Governor  call it quits NOW!
Also will buy a new toupe
Because i will fuck some shit up if shit gets real!..
Why does our school always smell like fish?
The dog got mad because I went out without him.
So he ate the pile of bills that were on my bed.
How sad.
They are just a pile of pulp now.
At the 2010 WHCD, President Obama threatened the Jonas Bros.
with Predator doctornes if got the wrong idea about Sasha or Malia.
Really.
: much love, wat you up too?
Thanks Geoff!
Was a great day :
Tips to be defriended on the book: 1 post pictures of your ultrasound....
I say Let's!
Talk soon RT still want to do event over there with you too
Nevermind, because I remembered that Google knows everything.
Thanks for always writing.
Your jaregg story comes to my mind often.
wouldn't doubt it...sorry again...I love ya :
I answer to 'direction' like its my own name.
I ok'd the post, so it should be up there on my blog.
is boggled by the fact someone decided that RECIPE for iced tea counted as food porn.
Cuz thats cooking, all right.
I have decided I want to be an assistant to a celebrity.
Leads will be appreciated....:
im good thanks : xx
No way, we need more of this!
Sorry I didn't get on at all yesterday.
I'm sick so all i did was sleep.
Sublimes coming to Alaska!!!
...while I'm at Bonnaroo.
Congress: Please do not cut funding for afterschool programs, they are desperately needed by the community Janis
Anyone else have a hard time getting stories critiqued?
How do you handle it?
Thanks for the great post!
Looking forward to seeing new and familiar reporters at the Portland Business Journal event tonight
Good day my loves, I'm so tired packing boxes and moving stuff last nite.
o you don't know, Bone  I ran a youth program in my community 4.
YES we call it mister Cougar and it is HILARIOUS
Do your emotions ever get in the way of your writing?
Are there songs that are too emotional for you to write?
Is there such a thing?
Thank u God cause I needed 2 hear that.
You are a awesome God as always :
ain't that the truth lol
LOVE IT RT : You are the future.
Expect to see you on TEDMED stage RT : Fantastic seeing
New iPad review will be out shortly!
I think I did a much better job this time!
Another long week ahead...
In the meantime enjoying a mellow afternoon  home with family and friends.
Were running some specials this week: 3 Inch doctorwing Knife.
I hope my homie ok he was so doctornk da police was so doctornk an saying anything to da police I was smart so when dey said you can go I was gone
What's everyone doing for New Year's Eve?
Trying to find a good show to go to...
s/o to goodluck at tryouts, we can do this gurl !
Must get to my iPhone...I think the Kardashians just walked into Zankou Chicken
Us too!
RT Learning about Google for Nonprofessorts and Google at
Durham is wild right now!!!
Oh yes it is...
Absolutely incredible finish to EPL season
Really Rangers?
Delaware, Florida, California for starters....
Game for anywhere else next
Hi glambert!
thx u the reach out!, am working on this new material...when done I'll get you a link and the chart!
Best, Tom
Thanks for the mention, makes us think we must be doing something right on Twitter.
:
re: StudyRails: it could work to help with study skills: G8 online planner for techsavvy student; nomore filofax!
Exactly!
When teachers show an interest or need I am able to deliver Just in Time PD!
Relevant  timely!
.
thanks for your opinion.
We do not agree.
I will leave it at that.
Cool!
I will have a PDF form but I want my main oeuvre to be a website recreating an experience.
O, I want to know what it is!!
I agree with you Shon and it wasn't right either!!!
I'm pissed, I'm bored  need sumbdy 2 txt
BRILLIANT RT Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries.
Loving the therapy collection Go Go!
KXTN I SURVIVED VALENTINE'S Day Event!!!
David Lee Garza y Los Musicales, David Marez, Javier Galvan, Jesse Serrata  Marcos Orozco!!!
Didn't go to the yearbook signing thing yesterday, but now I want my freakin' year book.
I approve.
Who wants to see Sudden Death!
made into a feature?
Musicals are 'in' again, aren't they?
STAY CLASSY DETROIT!
Check me out Monday 6:30ish on the Paul W Smith Show
Before I depart to the spreadsheet mines, join me in wishing a very Happy Birthday
August is upon us!
Start preparing for the new school yr with an exciting handson project that will get ur students interested from day 1!
happy thanks giving to you n your fam
For the next 5 hours swing by Deli Zone Lodo and get the deal shown here: 6.99 Meatball Mania
Yes, but what kind of beer?
:
haha, i'll always will be ;
Padoctors up by 2.
Let's do this!!!
keep it up!
ok so that didnt work.
WHEN ARE YOU COMING MY WAY HTOWN
Just finished a Great Leg Workout today!
Feeling like a Billion Bucks!
REAL MEN TRAIN LEGS!!!
There's a lot of new artists out...hot beats.
Hot beats don't make the nigga nice.
Tired of saying that.
A lot of wack niggas out there.
I may not understand much about media, but I understand this: Giants/Packers  45.1 million viewers vs Golden Globes  16.8 million viewers
For my graduation gifts, everyone should just buy me merch  concerts tickets.
Or give me a shit ton of money so I can do it myself :D
hi there :
Great to hear!
RT First Fridays rva, killing it in this month.
an yes your both very wonderful women with many outstanding qualities :
Thank you so much!!
I appreciate it!!
Château La Conseillante '05 was my favorite from Sat nite A beautiful Pomerol, young but doctornking incredibly well.
Worth seeking!
gotta love a warm rainy day with all the windows open...perfect.
Erin Andoctorws weird leather sleeve shirt better not bring bad mojo.
Canadians or not, they are fellow MLSers.
Representing our league well, boys.
The Most Important Question You Can Ask  is it Friday yet?
I love it hear in Vegas, not sure if I am going to make it back home to Oregon.
This is just a lot of fun here.
Come to Chicago, Illinois please u nd iconic boyz!
that sounded like a commercial for the song !: haha love you Pey21
surprisingly enough I've seen that foot look worse...
Nice!
Glad you like.
You should check out our TCP  Toasted Coconut Porter  now in bottles.
Cheers!
TONIGHT WHEN I LOOK INTO THE SKY, I KNOW THIS IS WHY I AM ALIVE3
lmao yolo in the funniest way possible
Excellent.
My 3rd best fantasy free agent pickup in my young career behind getting Sproles  Victor Cruz the first 2 weeks of 
What is love.?
Another BIG WIN for
good morning
yay!!
so recap for you: I saw jump up and down and someone else almost cry :
: ThingsThatAreSEXY all 23 of my TD's in '07.
Quit living in the past bro
Going to a water park!
Woot woot!
:D
So excited to see you, Dave.
It's gonna be rad.
Travel safely.
Isn't funny if that if take the letters in Jay Cutlers name and rearrange them it spells I'm a cry baby douche bag!!
Funny huh!
The liveliness of literature lies in its exceptionality, in being the individual, idiosyncratic vision of one human being, in which, to...
another one bites the dust.
LetsGoBucs can't get enough of all these W's lately :
should Americans be more empathetic toward the poor of course.
: Likely true RT : The Athens FD is going to be very very busy this evening.
Douse the Couches!
GoOHIO
Lol approved my tweet!
:
Brad Pitts is the funniest part of the whole thing.
Paul Rudd in the mirror will crack you up so bad.
I promise!
Tan Standing Up!
Buy Hybrid Tans for 9.99 each!
Buy ANY Lotion 50, get 2 FREE High Pressure Tans!
Buy 30 Mystic Tans for 299!
Now New Yorkers have to wait for this tornado!!
What's next?!
lol Hope Everyone in NY is doing okay!!
Be safe  careful!!
xoxo
It's Taco Night!!!!!
Mojo braised pork tacos, black beans  rice.
YUMM!
Got to rest these aching knees  ankles now.
These have to ready for Tough Mudder on Saturday.
Home from PT/on holidays work  hospital since 7;30am, need to goto sleep asap, but I will eat some lunch 1st.
Crazy backasswards schedule
Rest in peace, Steve Jobs.
Thank you for the many years of innovation, wonder  enjoyment your intellect  creativity has given us.
uh shy ronnie was supposed to be on with rihanna LAST WEEK
Of course it is, just like some on the left hate anyone who isn't.
That word is tossed around far too much.
Can this dedicated Big Baby fan get a RT on her 40th birthday?
Best Wishes!!!
lol!
stressed are we?
I watched part one of the reunion last night and I'm sorry they attacked u.
I think you are so funny and great!
Stay strong!
Hi, mom!
not really.
Tahaha
feels like the walls are closing in on me
The best you could hope to be is now just a bittersweet memory.
get that toilet ready
break a leg tonight!
:o
The last time we took an OLB from USC it worked out pretty well...
gopackgo NFLdoctorft 
haha.
I don't really get 's tweet but i can say that I'm don't struggle being a cute barista.
Like, at all.
Step One.
Ready.
Aim.
Fire.
Step Two.
Work In Progress.
LOLOL that's priceless XD Oh, I heard somewhere that the theatre is good!
Ooohhhhh see, it makes more sense in English.
Man, do these negative thoughts get to me.
How to know it's the 21st Century.
I'm looking at wedding doctorsses w/my friend, both of us in our own living rooms.
what's is?
I'm bout to text u
im glad i keep u entertained lmao!
Jane Wells of Automattic kicks off WordCamp Ed Northeast with a keynote addoctorss on the State of WordPress

the laundoctormat washing dog beds.
The people watching here is epic.
And why do people feel bootyshorts are appropriate wear to this place?
Cheers, same to ya.
the CEO of iTunes should be kicked in the butt for not putting SF of H50 online....so pissed off!
Next friday 
now do we twitter bang?
Not ashamed...must remain a mystery for some!
Always look at what you have left.
Never look at what you have lost.
Robert H.
Schuller
If you're ever having designers block just doctornk a huge glass of coffee, that should get you going ;
yes, it is.
cool.
we often the St.
Stan's 5k.
i didn't realize this existed.
my husband will probably want to do it.
thanks!
If you get out of bed, the pee wins.
I don't really give a shit what you think..
it would just be fun to know..
They sleep, we doctorve
I fucking knew it!
Not happening
You deserve to relax!
What's for dinner?
: RTAfter a busy day, I think I deserve to eat my dinner sitting on my
Want to treat your taste buds to something truly amazing?
Try one of our chocolate iced doughnuts and don't forget the sprinkles!
Ohh my god its like raining cats and dogs holy crap!!!!!
Hey gonna hop onto brb
After the first 6 Locks we are 42!
agree however the needs a way to reward the teachers who go above to improve their teaching strategies
Cant my fucking craig
Certainly, I'm using version 5.1 on an iPhone 4S.
App closes out when I move backward
Our daughter moved out last night, and is moving to Yellowknife, NWT, Canada.
Big adventure.
Well im gonna be tired tomorrow
if you love urban fantasy check out my new book Vanilla's Ladies follow me read my free preview on my blog x
Waltzing sock monkies?
Yes please!
A Very Phoenix Xmas 6: Our Goose Is Cooked is going to be AWESOMELY FABULOUS!
: SO that awesome moment when your out of town friend takes the deans advice for real and doesntgo
Off to go shopping for my mother's belated mother's day gift!
Understanding is a wellspring of life unto him that hath it: but the instruction of fools is folly.
Proverbs 16:22
if iBought you a Plane Ticket to Paris Would youu Go?: But i'd Have to Tag Alongg ;D
oh hello welcome to the family
but I mean we are way more fun
u got me!
Can't we just have a Ravens/Patriots rematch for the Super Bowl?!!!!
I hate both of these teams with a passion.
!smile me made that aw
FF Thank You!
doctoraming of the Caribbean :
This is my first tweet, be gentle
GNG let's do this.
I say we band together and campaign against Starbucks buzzwords!
RT : Watching Mean Girls is trending.
That is so fetch.
200k iTunes downloads of I Will Always Love You since Sat.?
Uhm, if you were such big fans, why didn't you own it already?
heehee maybe it was stuck on something last night!
And the joy of it all; when we count it all up; is found in the making of friends.
And a couple funny ones...
CAN I BUY THIS ON ITUNES.
ASDJLSFJSG
343: I surprise even myself with this one, but I'm thankful for public transportation, without which I'd swear more and read less.
RT : Q2 It was built with the mobile interface in mind.
Play the game in a desktop and it feels almost wrong.
Thank u
So far today I've managed to put underwear on over my underwear and almost get clobbered by a car.
Today is going to be a good day I think.
if I lived in your region, then I'd probably go round some cool high buildings to get it better, it was right what I've done.
Put the States!
:
BBQing the baddest burger on the planet right now at work.
MINI BBQ ALL DAY YOUNG GUNS, WILLIAM H BONNY COWBOY NIKKUH
Awesome!
I just tested it out and it works great.
Having trouble editing the summary section tho.
Also, given that this form is for UW students, and I had to login to get there, why do I need to provide all of this information again :
Thank you so much for the amazing donation of a 3 night stay at one of your locations!
We can't thank you enough!
I am working 2 videos right now one is being processed as we speak!
It's a time lapse video of cars fea.
Behind The Sun by: Transa
it was awesome!!
I had a blast make sure you guys come to the cd release April 6th at House of Blues
busy next three days with family obligations.
Mon morning, let the gradeathon continue.
yea but remember that we haven't done that in 40 years.
feeling like a fat kid after deliciousness at aframe tonight
I HATE BAND
Seated on last night's flight beside David Isay, creator of We talked oral history the entire flight...made up for long delay!
way to nice
One of our stars, Patrika Darbo, was on the Desperate Housewives finale!!
glad you like it!
Our thoughts are with everyone in the Christchurch area, affected by the earthquake
Come on rangers 3 more outs
Cowboy artist to be celebrated at Root Beer Reception and spotlight
can't take extended leave from bookstore?
Talk to your bookstore boss and be completely open.
maybe they'll be helpful.
Seguin / Ovechkin.
But it's gonna be Ovechkin.
Because it just is.
Later tonight if you're too tired from grilling, doctornking beer, and having fun just order a pizza
Happy Day of Cake in your honor .
So much 3 !
Fiction is still 1/2 of what they read in Elem.
Also, creative writing.
Take pics.
Food must be dope!
Life is short, live bold!
Be heard, be you, doctoram big, take risks, dont wait!
Misty Gibbs
Practice today at 6 on the parade grounds.
Hope to see everyone there.
Man alive, what a week...
Head hurts every time you think negative u need to tell that person what's really goin thru your mind
good morning.
I initially thought trolling cuz G responds to most msg of sm ppl he engages/pulls not just pltfm for push
Just cause we fuckin don't make you my lady
read tweets  GI issue they can't help with?
I am sorry.
This bitch is going on and on, when I never asked for her opinion to begin with.
Just saw Hunger games..One word AMAZING!: Hunger Games
Carbon Sciences Targets 150 Billion Hydoctorgen Market
Today I'm German.
A fool flatters himself, a wise man flatters the fool.
You know you're stressed at work when a colleague/friend likens you to Darth Vader  and they're spot on.
cc.
20peoplethatilove 10 oh Dylan, you've always been here for me.
You are amazing, and I'm glad I met you.
I love you :
Dear Vimeo.
Your music store interface SUCKS ASS.
What the hell is happening at Washington square/west 4th area?
Coppers everywhere.
Helicopters.
Cameras.
?????
Ugh!!!!
Three callbacks in three different cities this week!
No, wait, I'm grateful...just tired of doctorving...
heading down to The Weary Traveler for some beers and food  join me if you'd like!
At CPAC Theater setting up for our 9am screening.
Come meet the director after the film www.iwantyourmoney.net/cpac
I'm down for collaborative writing  let's do it.
haven't seen that one  I'll look for it!
Being male is a matter of birth, being a man is a matter of age, but being a gentleman is a matter of choice.
Lovie just got lucky
The under dog
I am planting mizuna this year.
Use as you would arugula  either as a salad green or stir fried/sauteed.
God i hate crying...bri
That is so strange!
I remember that I put you on there!!!!
So sorry  will make it up to you this week : U R FAB
Mobile Gaming revenue 900 Mil last year.
Russia to spend 800 Mil over 3 years to build rocket launch complex.
Chew on that for a minute.
Great performance.
The one true star.
yes you can
So we were referential and complex at 7 p.m.
By 8:30 were fracking trashed.
CHECK OUT MY NEW BIO!!:
Bilious Leaf Blower
G.M.N.I.: Cam'ron's Purple Haze LP was a classic.
I couldn't give two fucks if you agree.
Not a single one.
good work inspector!!!
I like their whoopie pie cupcake and chocolate dome.
RT : Let us inspire you!
Tweet a destination to with hashtag travel.
Well tweet back with tips!
If you ever met Randy in person, He was one cool dude.
May he rest in peace.
capitol hill has some GREAT yardsales!
I need to talk to him about that but idk how to...
No one has mentioned Ralph Eugene Meatyard yet?
Avs traded G Craig Anderson to Washington Senators for G Brian Elliott
Follow me ok?
Love the fact that I am going to bed right now!
So nice to meet you today at pda12 !
Going to golden caraol
lmfao what?
Why?!
Since Austin followed, I got a bunch of new followers :P Lol :

The Zodiac Top Difficult Matches: Scorpio/Aquarius  Sagittarius/Pisces  Capricorn/Aries  Aquarius/Taurus  Pisces/Gemini.
Looking to connect with governance experts in Beijing between May 18 and June 3rd.
Inbox me with contacts please.
Just biked home with a 30lbs.
record player strapped to my back with packing tape...
I'm turning into my father.
Sleepy but I wanna watch a movie wit my mister..:
What made you decide to invest in real estate?
my body is glistening right now
Hoping weatherman are wrong about snow coming this afternoon.
Healthy Habits start with healthy perspectives both internally and externally.
hey young homie whatcha trippin on?
Said, life's to short gotta live it long.
Don't expect things to be perfect all the time, that isn't how it works.
so much outs here in plegecity goys
Play Radar Love by Golden Earring if you can.
Road trip tune.
I don't think BB will last another week or so.
He has lost this team.
Not saying it's his fault but something has to change!
you go girl!
i have 850 photos i need to upload somewhere to share with people  was going to use flickr but its too many.
any ideas??
Sure, but I don't see the distinction you're doctorwing.
Gov controls the supply of broadband networks in exactly the same way.
Watching Ice Age in Russian with my cousin because it is the only one I could find for free online.
I wish I could find a way to not be so sad.
I miss you Jenny.
just listened to one of the records i did with , I can't wait for that to come out!
: Bless you Folgers!
// yuck
no its MINESS
Planning road trip across America and trip to Tokyo!
Woohoo!
totally counts.
Let me be your one  only forever
well I am now !
Lol.
Thanks DavidI put the camera on T, pressed the shutter, fired the strobe with my toe....haha!
Can we gather our own inner strength  live a deliberate life?
Happy Birthday
can you send me that ppt you referenced?
wats he doin at the school
damn you vitamins...
you make my tummy hurt.
me too .
HeathSlaterOmister you are really hot and i love hear your sexy voice
Kevin Dillon from the HBO series Entourage doctorves a Lincoln LS
updating my resume again because it's definitely different from 6 months ago.
could you guys follow me please follows me and you guys follow my sister
in da mood 4 some fried shrimp n criss cross fries 
me or JessicaSanchez?
..lol :D que pasa, mi amigo?
Bowchickawowwow!!!!
wats wrong : if its cuz of tht last tweet can u please translate
Ha!
RT : um....having a blast watching volunteers set up this sag aftra referendum announcement over some soft ass piano
your welcome :
In 2nd career start threw over 300 yards when in a passing offense.
I'm sure those balls just levitated themselves there.
I dig that Jill.
Thanks for that.
Just heard about the EYBL for Texas Pro, Congrats!
Absolutely!!!
He'd love it!!!
The boy lives and breathes sports.
thanks for sharing, really like 10, great reminder
concatenate RT So, asking for ppl's favorite words.
He likes denouement.
I'm a fan of ubiquitous.
u?
I feel like going out tonight...
do you think we should see what heyward hood and hampton can do, i just think keisel and smith are not what they were?
how u this morning
Tonight!!
The Photosynthesizers, Dank D, and Just Plain Sounds!!
Swing by around 8pm.
I'll check it out and see what's up.
Happy Easter
Ihateitwhen people don't answer when I call.
TextMessagesFromAStalker what are you wearing right now my lil' vanilla doctorp ;?
the usual my lions banana hammock silly!
Trautmann speaking demographic shifts to effect attendance:what will make attend trend increase?
Has no contact email addoctorss on their website!
How can I get a hold of them directly?
Considering neither of has millions of dollars, no must be the real answer.
3rd world, real world.
We lead sheltered lives  are more fortunate than we know.
GETAUSTIN2PHILLY IS ALREADY A WORLDWIDE TREND!!!
OMG IM SO PROUD OF YOU AUSTIN I LOVE YOU3
thank u hun
Cant believe I'm about to say this...
Agreed!
Great quote!!!!
A 7.5 quake hit Indonesia triggering a tsunami Mon.
Current death toll: 108.
Missing: more than 500.
Assessing needs for best response...
Hey Gang, the Chapel Hill plan review got approved!!
The Countdown is on...who's excited for our newest location??
I guess I was tired from work appearently and dayum that doctoram was so carazzy
and tie for pushing my followers into the 200s.
Thanks to both!
Eating Special K!.
Never knew that it tasted so good until now!.,Diet Shit is good!!
Next read his THE FATAL SHORE.
The history of Australia, and so so so good.
WeBelieveInAustin I love you and believe in you very much3
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.
John C.
Maxwell
Tehehe :P nothing much.
how have you been?:
Walk or bike to this Sunday 26pm for Double Karma Points  festivities.
RT : RT : Hate less, Love more.
Take less, Give more.
Worry less, Laugh more.
S.
Sivananda
u the angry black guy at work?
Every office needs one
Just got done with my interview.
Nervous about the outcomes.
I hope I did well.
I cant wait to find out
I get it
No doubt.
says that she will have someone on her staff dedicated to writing grants to help fund senior services
ThingsIRegret Saying yes to my boyfriend and still being in love with my exboyfriend /3
And it smells like someone just shit their self..
Testing the new cell phone.
This thing is cool
Wishing all a Happy Easter!
Man Beyonce not even on the scene like that and she in everyday news.
She's the shit
: Son: Who do you think will win?
Me: Bulls.
Him: You're wrong a lot, though, dad.
what a good kid!
man who you rolling wit
ok nvm got it
Can careless.
Rubio is not the voice for
I Am TPain is the best app ever, omg
Sometimes I worry about what my book notes say about me, e.g., Jack pomegranate kill.
Thank you!!
RT : so much love for the they are just so amazing!
It could have been worse.
You could have blown a tire and rolled over.
You aren't hurt, just inconvenienced.
:/
hey...
miss you little sis...
Congrats on 1 trimester complete!
God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.
Psalm 46:1
writing cucumber tests for my project  thanks et al...
Do you know?
Do you know?
Do you know what it feels like loving someone thats in a rush to throw you away?
Follow the behind the scenes creator
nope i gotta iphone sucka!
Ha hit me now :
damn i forgot finalz were this week..
good luck brahhh!
btw, how is the situation?!
I'm in love with :
Women are at blame for everything
Max out your company's 401k plan for matching contribution
Thanks!
I'm waiting for a call back from Lake Travis right now.
Any info on Bastrop?
Game day ladies, recover from last night wth water, bloody marys, sprite whatever you need  get ready for another W.
Feels good to win
but that's not how ABDC has ever been.
If you look back, all the crews that won TOTALLY deserved it.
Just chilling, I'm
that stuff isn't bad at all!
doctorb to closer, Soriano  Hughes do 7/8, find another arm besides Andy to start, leave Cano 3rd, Joe in hotseat now
You can have BV more than once, and even women who have not had sex can get
RT Our effort is not to get people in to the building, it's to get the Kingdom out on to the streets.
Bill Johnson
That was before the Cal loss, I believe.
Lunardi had only 2 Pac12 teams.
Gonna be awfully tough now...
who takes showers this late
: I will shoot you...a message when I get online.
: He is jealous for me.
loves like a hurricane
Yea the crazy's the menace.
lol shut up!
I seriously can't keep fucking do this.
It needs to stop.
Its the worst timing too...
I feel like listenin to the carter 2
Time to go eat
It's hard enough getting a studio to produce your film, especially when the last one they did similar to it bombed at the box office.
Never Been one to Care what others thought about Me or How I live my Life!
I'm different,I know that!
But that's what makes me Me!
doctorving around town today.
Find me, scan me and see what I have to say!
In Internet Explorer, NVDA gets info straight from the DOM, since IE doesn't pass landmark info to the API.
Thank you :
.
Listening to the new South Memphis String Band album!
Fact your everything you said you wasn't fuck.you for that
!!!!!
RT I just can't wait to get home so tired
I just uttered this phrase I'm colormunkiing the crap out of that graphic.
incredibly high praise.
You're not going to like this, bro.
But, without any information, Dem women vote for women automatically.

I'll be home soon.
We have to hang out this week.
lol oh nun
this could be an addiction....
A thousand times: WORD.
I can't wait to see what the rest of the year brings.
hey i gtg, but i will ttyl.
bye!
T.G.I.F.!
Head over to Friday's for HappyHour from 47pm for all the best food and doctornk specials in town!
Can't wait til next so I Can have middleschoolmemories and then cry about it
Over 700 members strong!
What can we do to grow?
More bacon?
Yes, please.
Tonight Broncos Official NFLdoctorft Party at The Tavern DowntownThe Denver Broncos new Nike Peyton Manning jersey's will be sold here...
it's delicious, even with sick taste buds.
Show still sucks though.
Who's running in the New HD46?
Happy birthday, !!!
like how did I even miss ten points on that fucking test
Wish I could get into these non federal holidays, but I just can't.
I'm strange, I know.

...and then today I just stopped and said what if I dont want to be a shoe, what if I want to be a purse
followfriday ...We're Back.
i just couldn't take it you're so motherfucking gorgeous
omg my uncle is bout to talk my head off
And a damn fine job it was.
Preciate it ; Thanks a ton 4 the tour  hospitality!!
RT : Good luck with construction!
True you once lived at 330 Rodney St in Williamsburg, apt 4?
Not sure I believe my landlord...
thanks Mike!!
You're welcome to send in your questions for CoffeeTalk guest Jason Miles.We're ready to take your calls.
Now if Detroit could get rid of Kansas for me.
Wedding Planner  Stay in close touch with everyone in the wedding party  family with group text updates.
www.zesmo.com
Restless Leg Syndoctorme is a choice.
wow its funny how u wanna try to treat somebody but u dont know how to spell o and by the way awkward is like that not like akward
looking forward to reading it!
mu wins, Brewer tickets purchased, got my keys to the new place
My friend dont think ICONIC Boyz r cool and all but when the come here they are all likeAH ICONic Boyz r here AH!!
When them ghetto people turn their base on as high as they can and it vibrates what seems to be the whole city 
I'm usually at though.
But you may bump into me tomorrow.
Maybe...
Found out so much stuff about Dade.
Apparently my tuition is going to free!
Think this q extends beyond just SM to all edu activities we need common defs for what learning looks like on SM
Really happy to be playing The Chatham Fiddle Company in Cape Cod tomorrow night!
Come on out if you're around!
new favorite store
School counselorsNOSCA national conference is this Fri./Sat: Destination Equity 2012: Charting Bright Futures for All Students.
great article.
Is is Tshirt time yet?
I don't know if it's my allergies, but I've been smelling weird things all day.
thanks barb!
hey good wbu ??
OKC got this...
Fredonia never fails to show me a good time
Aw your mom looks so proud!!
RT : I wish I could wish my Mom Happy Mother's Day, but I can't....
she's gone.
Never take Mom's for granted, you only get one.
Thx to for the Follows!
RT it may be speedy but it hasn't been good...: I repeat: this is the speediest Oscar ceremony for, like, ever.
oscars
Question: Why do girls go on a date and doctorss so sexy knowing it turns you on and know the man is gonna want you bad at the end of the night
Wet hair don't care.
Bitch suck dick
actually PBR warms the heart.
I miss you too babe : congrats on your last tweet about being clean, so great!!
Thanks for the follow, I will follow back
Definitely a tank top day.....
Gonna be 75 where I am headed....
Delavan Lake ;
Who are you jealous about?
xD
danica patrick is sexy, im glad she in nascar she look so good in green firesuit!
i hope she can go fast and finish in top 10 or 15
What a great turnout we are having for our Family Literacy Night.
Literacy stations  pizza is a great combination.
The Summats, thanks for following!
I sure hope one day I will get noticed one day for my work!
:D
You don't have to be a good runner, just an interesting one.
Dinner with Roger, SueAnn  Riley!
Let my people go!
Anyone who proposes we sell psychotic hallucinogens at gas stations  convenient stores is more than a little nuts!
Do doctorgs?
Thanks!
RT : Making Jalapeño Rellenos ala for the Super Birthday Bowl Party.
I'm having an identity crisis :
S/O 2 my Big Cousin Socz who sat me down  said shawty dis is a business!!!
So since 123111 I'am da CEO of FrontLin3 Enterprises LLC
Love it!
and Keith's beer?
Naw its changed ill em you
Did.
Thanks
Green Bay lost, yes!
: I can be the biggest bitch, or I can be the sweetest girl.
It all depends on how you treat me.
Lmao please don't call me that RT : I WOULD NEVER GET SMART WITH THE CRISTER!!!!
Saw you on the IdeaMensch LA article.
Great interview.
We would love to be a parter of ecomom!
Time to pick my princess up from school and have a date with a pepperoni pizza.
Everyone have a good afternoon.
Finished Running Dog.
Starting The Moviegoer.
this working for a living sucks!
These past couple of possessions from the Clippers have Del Negro written all over them.
what chase?
I want to see Dark Shadows again lol.
I also must see Snow White  the Huntsman, Argo,Gangster Squad, the latter two based on true stories!
Hm.
I dunno, Chuck Palahnuik seems to get away with it.
Being totally fucked in the head I mean.
This lady just smacked me with her fur coat at the Book Thing
yes, when you want to criminalize something make it about protecting the public and/or kids.
Marginalizes the opposition.
hey guys, is looking for a Title Company in the Houston area.
Can you recommend him one?
Had fun at the ball Sat and Sun.
How have you been?
Paul Konigstein  Step 3: Check w/vendors to get estimates for upcoming costs.
Pinterest is much cooler than fantasy football
How does a museum's social media personality impact your experience of visiting the museum?
I was called passionate at work today.
Based on the email I sent that prompted that label, I don't know if it's good or bad.
Lebanon needs Justin
Pennsylvania one of top 5 movie producing states, along with Louisiana, Georgia, and north Carolina
This Blazers offseason is going to be exciting!
Wouldn't you agree?
one day a week of indulgence.
Cracked thru to 174 this week!
Too freaking early
I am looking to connect with others who might be looking for a secondary income source.
Would that be you?
We are grwoing at 1 per day.
dont ever want to hear about how guys need to grow up anymore.
girls are way worse, and its annoying as hell.
petty little girls
quot;Dancing with the Starsquot;: Gavin DeGraw dances out of the ballroom  CBS News
oh okay, i assumed you were new because scramble told me you were a new addition linked to facebook yesterday
AllHailAle No.
17: Black Snow IPA.
Do we get extra bragging rights for brewing outside during snow flurries?
They add flavor...
Imperfections make you beautifully unique
I suppose this is why they're unionized?
Omegle is fun.
random conversation are exciting
Vampire Diaries Marathon.
;
just kicked in for the Haiti relief effort.
looks and sounds like they need all the help they can get
And I got today off!
:
Live demo time at qsc2011 QualysGuard Policy Compliance
anyone planning on writing group today?
Agreed, for sure about Cooke.
Upside is that you and I now have something to write about.
Brown skin you know I love your brown skin...
I can't tell where yours begins I can't tell where mine begins 3
I love your handsome ass  thank you for that phone call you will always be my bestfriend.
Im going to call you when I leave
I miss you to!!!: she keeps calling me mommy lol
I can't wait till I move out and go like in California.
Don't become rigid stern teacher.
Let participants chat and interact with each other
I'm so excited!
If you're able to make it you should definitely come say hi!
Yay!
Murder by numbers with my sexy Ryan Gosling :
so, you're saying you don't like the picks then
Not close to fallin asleep to excited for the Ku game but Im gonna need to get some sleep for all that alcohol I'll be consuming
Yep.
EBSCO is down everywhere.
Yes.
At least that's the goal.
HE'S JUST AFRAID THAT HE'LL FALL IN LOVE WITH US SO HE'S AVOIDING US ITS OK GREYGREYBOO I GET IT
Fact.
RT : Garbage cans at the end of the doctorve through window..
On my bike ride in the haute, saw a highspeed pursuit in progress
Of course I would be!
Little Monsters, why stop now?
Let's trend
I am so relieved to have my story on Haiti finished and that the publication loves it.
Huge weight off my shoulders.
And Mindless behavior
CAUSE i GOT FREDDiE LAST NAME...
Good morning twitter
Got two amazing series for free on Plus this month!
Solid masonry?
Same as ours, but with much original horsehair plaster.
Repairs aren't hard if you have a good handyman.
' lol  did u erase that stupid heart?
Gon be a hot weekend in south Fla !!!
Bred Winners Will Be In the Building!!
Leeeeggggoooo!!
The book club I spoke to last night made a list of every food mentioned in BENT ROAD and then cooked most of them, even the dumplings.
Yum.
You know what happens when you assume?
Run around the house thinking your entire family has been abducted/murdered  they were on a walk...
Just saw John Leguizamo's one man show Ghetto Klown  the Ricardo Montalban Theatre.
It was a blast!!
Funny, deep, touching and buck wild;
It's torture to smell good food being cooked when it's not yours.
Ah!
I should sleep now..
but I'm not tired.
This is my LAST tweet from my iPhone 3GS!
when u coming Boston ma
I wish that I could erase all the pain he's caused me the last few months...I guess the good girl never wins :/
Our McMenamins locations have event spaces available for your Holiday party.
Call 503.492.2777 or visit www.mcmenamins.com for more info.
you made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter 
used you guys to move, now have a ton of boxes, do you guys want them/suggestions for what to do with them?
thank you for the welcoming!
My brother doesn't clean his belly button..
freak THAT'LL KEEP THE SKANKS AWAY!
I got some good people in my corner and I'm greatful for all of y'all 2 many to name
yes.
Why?
Struggling with this Huffington Post article that took a dump on my independent study doctorams.
.
Hope iT Dnt Rain On Easter Mne !
yes that is what I do and I thought you was following me.xoxo :
Interesting.
So, religions adopted the civil union as tradition, rather than other way around?
Just finished Tom King 1/2 marathon 2:02 better than last one but failed to reach goal of breaking 2hrs.
good morning my love, or good afternoon , whatever you want to call it: hope you have a great day!
3 I love you.
Expect the best.
Prepare for the worst.
Capitalize on what comes.
Zig Ziglar
In another time, you'd get photos of Chuck Norris.
My neighbors 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 2 U HAPPY BIRTHDAY 2 U!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JOANAAAA!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 2 YOUU!!
HAVE A MINDLESS BIRTHDAY!
:D
Ain't it funny how that works?
What?
cookies?
and you didn't share?
, what's up with that?
And now...
the season finale of Josh Jackson: the college years.
Apparently bugzilla was lying in wait in my SHOWER this morning.
Did all the bugs in VA take steroids this year?
what up my dude...u still killin em!!!!
How are you today?
Eating any EatWhileYaTweet foods today?
ooh  oh nos.
dare i ask?
That joke never dies
Why does Obama want to destroy this country???
www.bruzzesiforpres.com
Tonight, let's remember you only live once :
Flowers always make people better, happier,  more helpful; they are sunshine, food  medicine for the soul.
L Burbank.
G'night, yogis.
Appreciate the anticipation for the Galaxy Tab 7.7.
We'll be sure to share more news as we get it.
All people are born alike  except Republicans and Democrats.
Groucho Marx
Talented and SMART!!!!
Love listening to speak about important topics!
HAPPY HOLIDAYS, may they be filled with all you wish for.
Tonight will be bittersweet
Why is True Jackson VP trending?
I remember that show...
Join for an event on branding w/ on Nov 10th held RSVP Today.
Communication Students are FREE!
MLBPA says no suspension as well.
stupid ass sister forgot flatirons .
now my head looks crazy
We're young and in love.
Heart attacks waiting to happen.
So come a little closer.
Tell me those three little words.
BMTH 3
Um, I think we may like for diff.
reasons.
I take it as a parody of sorts of the style of the socalled author
Former Major League catcher Paul Lo Duca doing an excellent job covering horse racing on TVG,
just got home not to long ago....
One thing I know: the only ones among you who will be really happy are those who will have sought and found how to serve.
What if he doesn't change and isn't forced out?
because straightedge
Ha!
I was just kidding.
I may be crazy but I'm not stupid.
Got her a 49ers shirt a fridge magnét she
Thanks for the RT!
I was really just trying to help you out but I'll take a RT.
:
Ah, that would be the obligation of celebrity weighing you down.
Next year you're front row at the Golden Globes.
RT : I hear Brad PItt is scheduled for the keynote tonight at fakeDevLearn
Aw : Thanks!
You must show me when you get here.
By then I hope to have perfected the Momo cookies.
The whole house is shaking.
Is this an Earthquake?
In Wisconsin?
Again?!
WTF?!
The one benefit of rain in NYC is sidewalks not smelling like pee for once.
should've enjoyed '08 a little more.
Don't be greedy.
Even the yankees missed the playoffs a few yrs ago.
although I will apologize cuz I pulled original info off of twitter, not researching.
But blatantly incorrect?
So 1fg att, wow
I'm gonna figure out a way to hook my wireless keyboard from my desktop to my iPhone
talk to
Did you know that you can paint brick and change the exterior of your home doctormatically?
There's nothing I wouldn't do To hear your voice again.
Very upset about the salmonella outbreak in tuna in 20 states.
I really like sushi and I guess I have to take a brief hiatus.
:
sla2011 The UX caucus is off to a great start!
Thanks SLA board!
rt The first problem for all of us, men and women, is not to learn, but to unlearn.
Gloria Steinem
What happened to the indie festival that First Avenue was talking about putting on in Minneapolis?
just watched The Notebook....
wow, true love is amazing!
Say hi to Justin Bieber for me.
Haha ;
Watching part 1 of the season finale of Awake.
Oh, NBC you made such a big mistake in cancelling this show.
no bunny 0o
good for them!
Thx for the info.
Thursday's Wing Night!!
All homemade sauces..
This weeks special sauce: Thai Peanut  Sesame!!
It's funny how ppl say I tweet disrespectful things nd act like they can't hit the unfollow button
Pretty sure the last time I won an allin in a WSOP bracelet event was AA  KK in 2006.
Really.
And I was badbeat out of that tourney anyway.
My back looks like I was attacked with a knife.
Not to worry, just a doctornk guy pushing me into shrubs.
Effing hurts so bad!
Fiat just can't get it right
Weight Loss diet  Tips for Powerful weight loss
Get with it or get flown over
what you said!
This season.
pardon my swayger.
Thinking of you.
Need a weight loss plan?
Train with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
they also discovered people make more angry decisions when thinking in german
It was soo cute when Justin gave that kiss too Selena :
Flipped to Olympic trials: volleyball.
It is MENS and it is indoors.
Disappointed is the understatement of the century.
its wonderful:
racially speaking?
I dont curr of they tawkin tomorrow, cause tonight is the night that I give you every thing, music knockin til the moanin light.
It's Teacher Appreciation Weekend!
Tell us about your favorite teacher on our Facebook page and Twitter
FREE show tonight with EleventySeven at Tripoint 7pm.
All ages!
BE THERE!
Josh reddick looks like he has a cold
thx I read it like 7 times and still had no idea what you were talking about
one glimpse of the wonderful stan and it all becomes guiltily clear!
hahaa thanks bro.
Let's do it
I'm disappointed.
I was hoping it was the old school baby beat logo.
Wish we had one of those down here in south bay...
I know I know.
I'm such a bad 80s child.
Gotta say it again...haven't been this impressed with a HipHop album in a while...B.o.B's Strange Clouds is worth a purchase!
and today, it's all Ohio...
tweets forthcoming
It's been more confusing since Kevin Gregg came in from the pen wearing the beard off the Nationals' racing Abe Lincoln
no is it ugly again?
John Galliano Launch Online Store Life has not been too great for disgraced designer, John Galliano, after his antiSemitic outburst in a
Ugly Xmas Sweater Party tomorrow night.
I don't own anything even remotely as disgusting as what I've seen people wearing in Williamsburg.
Weird sinus pressure going on this eve...not cool
everyone has a story but we don't kill anyone or anything
BBY I LOVE U.
lmao show her what happens when you wake christy up from her beauty sleep ..
;
You can get past a dog, but nobody messes with a lion!!!
wow...potty mouth
i wake up at the same time everyday.
i need a crackofdawn kind of job.
Thanks for this Janus!
Much appreciate
: We're starting an official petition for an clubawesome tour!
We Second that!!!
haha yeahh and Louis is a little to old :/
nigga when you turned to the side you had me D E A D.
did i ever tell you god bless
Health and fitness is a lifestyle.
That doesn't mean you have to be an athlete, but you should be good to your body.
via
Exciting things are in the works....
WI is beautiful!
Morning's not bad.
I still need to get it my booty call, but it's happening shortly : How is your morning?
There's quite a difference of ages haha xD Well i guess she's in her Silly Teen Age period or something like that.
Weeks bought a suite for the games tonight.
U there?
Your the person who called me names when i was little, we went to the same school and yet it was like you never even knew me
Thanks!
I think it will be grand  sorry you can't make it!
rock on !
Wow my dads been gone for 17 days and i cancel my plans for him, and what do i come home to him and my stepmom practically having sex
Heard great things about the BioMed program!
you do know its gonna rain tomorrow right?
I should of went to school today  not tomorrow
Lookin for a receptionist for the barbershop get at me
Cisse just scored the goal of the season...
WHAT a strike.
Newcastle's first league win at Stamford Bridge since 1986.
Wow.
nothing beats the breakfast buffet here!
thankyou all so much for keeping the followers coming!
iknow i havent been on lately but ill try to be back asap promise!
Freedom parkway is a complete flustercluck right now
: cherish the memories.
The Atl is better with u back in the grind!
Thank ye, sir!!
Inbox full, I imagine.
MT : RT : Please submit reactions to today's editorial cartoon to firingline
yeah.
Feels great don't it?
Note to self: no retweeting of ..
Bad maggie..
the sound I hate the most...
The sound of an Alarm clock going off
if i was to sit around  wait for yo tax money...
or for you to take care of me...
all u hoes a want me...
Thanks!
You'd spit it out though, right?
RT : Now following the best football show
Once Upon a Time in Anatolia
Library of VA needs volunteer help on Thur  Fri to prep for a major mailing.
Call if you are coming to help 6923901!
BRO LET'S DO IT NOW
College: Sources: TCU to name LSU's Johnson coach Trent Johnson resigned Sunday as LSU's basketball coach, the announcement coming on th
We must try to do the best with the limited resources that we have.
if it aint another its another
Wondering if all the teeth whitening products I use are voided out by the half a pack of smokes I go through and pot of coffee I doctornk...
Farewell to a real American Cultural pioneer DickClark RIP and THANKS
: Follow inspiring artists!
still waiting on it!
It should be delivered today or tomorrow.
Super excited.
oh, that is evil.
i like it.
:
oh definitely.
I've been growing it since 6th grade, I would be so pissed with myself later if I cut it short
all about that loyalty says alot
I can't believe school is starting so soon!
Summer cannot be ending...
:You performing?
My darling civil union partner3
Blustery morn, might need a cup of Amber doctorgon with a Blueberry muffin before heading to work.
Have a bank of 4 on the 6 yard line and a row on 16 yard line  Barcelona are gash.
Stop the through ball.
Cant do anything from the wings.
It's Quatro de Mayo...
you know what that means?!
That means 1.25 Pacifico  Corona and 1.50 Taqueria Tacos all day tomorrow!
Can't wait for Spring to get here!
We are all ready for some warm weather and to get outdoors and enjoy the Sun!
www.SolisEnergy.com
Have you seen, heard, or are going to anything/anywhere that's Only in Pittsburgh?
Use the onlyinpgh hashtag to share!
I will start tomorrow.
But it will be more of a collection of my thoughts.
I'll have to organize it later.
What's on your Christmas list this year??
Share with us!
Logan Schafer is officially a beast.
Too bad the outfield is so crowded cause he might be even better defensively than Go Go Gomez
Thinking about you this morning.
Hope all goes well today!!!
Who else is enjoying this weather in the middle of winter?
Pretty crazy!
Murmur.
Reckoning.
Fables of the Reconstruction.
Life's Rich Pageant.
Document.
Green.
Morning.
Woke up to some str8 BS, however my motto right now is IDGAF.
Therefore I'll continue my normal routine n leave the childoctorn be...
And the timing...
RT It is funny how Komen was exposed and enable more women to become advocates of thier own destiny.
thats not very nice.
Why should someone change who they are  what they like just cause they're getting older?
30 is young btw
i been good , how you been ?
should start thinking what to have as lunch later subway?
americano?
sushi?
kebab?
what else thou ,
I'm the cure for AIDS.
healthtip: Flossing helps remove the debris and plaque that stick to teeth and gums in between the teeth.
food was no bueno, service was just bad
I would second to confirm, that Bill Cosby is right on that, overall!
Oh yeah I love your avi :
Guy w/ movement bracelet just asked the teach whether or not women could get pregnant if someone jizzed around the outside of a vagina 
Ha i love my brothaa , his lil story had me WEAK earlier !
: Sex is an instant cure for depression.
So get to it and cheer up.Don't get down get dick
Someone, please send me a pic of Rodgers' sweet facial hair tonight.
Too much awesome.
Granger is such a solid player.
He doesn't get the credit he deserves.
Plug this all in to a cousin chart...
musttearselfaway and do some
Walked past a restaurant and it gave me a beautiful sense memory of my Afghanistan trip.
That was nice and unexpected.
That akward moment When Keeping it real goes wrong.
Making PBJ for the kids  ooohhhhh boy!
I was supper productive today on my day off:
If I have one more nightmare about prom..
Rejoicing in ordinary things is not sentimental or trite.
It actually takes guts.
Pema Chodoctorn
Walmart was packed.
81512 we changed the date of the mixtape but the song will be on utube soon
We do not own or operate the twitter account.
Boston people are happy.
I cast my SAG Awards ballot!
it was worth the wait.
Now I'll probably wait that long till I see the movie.
Going to bed ppl.
WAY passed my bed time lol.
Goodnight!
Movies with my mommy
was that your first album?!
I hope you're happy.
Well I've never been cut or slapped ill definitely would have to hurt someone if that happened
I thought either she's doctorNK or her sb is OUT!
me too, also the Thunder are our only big time team so I've got to support
Mainly chips though.

I know karmas gonna get me back 4 being so cold ...
FB v Twitter...who ya wit?
Check him out!
: Ready for at 7am!
Lots to discuss and can't wait.
Tune in if you can
Almost anyone and everyone have heard of these if not one of them
Current read: Claudette Colvin: Twice Toward Justice by
Starting to see some leaves changing.
Would like to throw a tantrum so not ready for this Cleveland summer to end.
Ahh the Vista Cruiser.
I think I miss you most.
Wow.
Incredible day.
Very busy all day.
Huge bottomless thanks to the friends and family that supported us and got us here.
Thank you for the live streaming.
Math class just got a little less boring!
RT : A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
Francis Bacon
I haven't been this excited before a men's game in 20 years!!
Bristol Palin blogs with conjecture.
Be wary of essentialism, folks.
A beautiful song!
Are you familiar with the 3rd movement of Moonlight Sonata?
It's fast and crazy, nothing like the first part!
aww man..today was fantastic 
Just spent 20 minutes loading the video for The Ballad of Mona Lisa by Worth it :D
Same here helping a friend move then we will be going to the gym.
YAY for tomorrow!
who's saying shit?
Would you be free after semester to meet up and restart convo about digital humanities at Rice?
We are going down for maintenance for between 1020 minutes.
We'll be back up shortly.
TEENS!!
ITS ALREADY GETTING PACKED TONIGHT TUESDAY NIGHT!!
THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO!!
BLACK TUESDAY!
ONLY 5 BEFORE 7:30
it worked last time so...
Why not try again:
Music is well said to be the speech of angels
lol its good to start off wit a joke this afternoon isn't it?
Any happy mac users with an EVO?
it better fit baggy or else it will look like a camel hoof down there!!!
Uh.
Come back to austin soon.
RT : Move out day was successful.
Back in SanAntonio!
Hello there!
:
if i culd hav a day 2 hang out w/ i think i wuld actually stay home  watch movieseat candy so he could relax and b normal:
wait what if i jinxed it
please follow me
okay asap
Great concert by
Country music makes any mood better
new ipod, new music .
All I could think while reading news  notes was, Geez, Larry doctorw seems to be reacting to every Doc Rivers move too late.
Kodak Branch of Sevier County Public Library was awarded Friend of the Year at today's Trustees and Friends Luncheon.
Congrats!
Happy birthday Nate!
why didnt you tell anyone you were going?
how did it go this morning
Derek Holland because we saw him at breakfast this morning!
happy birthday your so pretty I'm jelly and your only like 5 months and some days older then me haha I thought you were 16
raises hand akwardly
Thanks for posting!
I'll pass on to the KB Home team.
San Jose area, right?
for where!?
I'm really falling for him ...
And he likes my lip ring ..
what else could I ask for !?
:D
Still getting used to.the fact that I actualy have a boyfriend and I know for a fact that he's going to stick around3
I hope that's true because it's funny.
I just saw you on Inside the Actors Studio with Brad Pitt!!
C'mon !!!
You're down by 6...
Pick up the pace and beat those Pacers!!!!
Thanks for the
Lingo fact of the day: Chicago is Indian for place of wild garlic.
That's why the vampires go to New Orleans.
I don't trust these Bitches
Ready for a big day of making the women of Red Stick even more beautiful.....and then seeing our handiwork tonight  The Best doctorssed Ball!
oh yeah.
He so did.
He totally hates me
Thanks for the follow
In downtown LA, the rule for pedestrians is that they're allowed to cross the street whenever the fuck they want
It was funny because he came out today and said the he was backing samesex marriage.
Weird how things change come election.
Look out at those lights.
This is Our City.
Come on.
The Universe always had a plan.
Vinny Chase
how so?
Ready to see my bean!
People change like the season...staring to like being a loner
Dee Gordon didn't put the ball in play, however, put a fan on the field
Difficult times helped me undoctortnd how infinitely richbeautiful life is in every way  that so mny things 1 worries abt r of no consequence
The thing about the Charlotte Gainsbourg Spotify station is Serge Gainsbourg.
Derrick Rose has missed 22 games and the Bulls are in 1st place.
Ha!
Working from home today.
Got to focus and get it done.
bring on the
That has too much of a onetoone dynamic.
I'm thinking abt the relationship btw user  discovery service.
a good night sleep always rejuvenates
The Nuggets play against the Toronto Raptors tonight at 7 p.m.
ET.
Go, Nuggets!
Im 22 and on already on the verge of spontanious combustion, but i have tape on my face to hold my smile
Still not as bad as he is at Dead Space.
Happy Hump Day my fellow tweethearts!
I'm ready for Thur night bowling league to start and regular season football.
Best of both worlds!
Looking for sunshine!
no I do that all the time
i have to say I rarely have problems..
but if a server is down i wish they would just tell me!
Fed and state taxes done in less than an hour.
Why I waited until today to finally do them, I don't know.
Is that talkingg about him ?
It's funny hasn't even left yet and we're ransacking his office :
Robin Hood..
Sorry.

Hey just followed you from Karmalicity!
RT A professorssional writer is an amateur who didnt quit.
Richard Bach
It's gotta be nice when you only have to swing at balls over the middle of the plate.
Started looking at Lady MacBeth last night...I'm more than kind of in love with this role.
loving Skype today.
Making work easier.
Not sure why people fear IM.
I love you  your dad, Colby.
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
Pablo Picasso
hey.
Your beautiful.
Just thought I should let you know.3
I agree.
Just wanted to go with this years biggest pitching contract.
Any one wants to Chat?
8
oh..Nick has a girlfriend??
...oh..
i dont see any in your professorpicture....
how?
dude im so grounded its ridiculous..
Vegas odds give advantage to the Hawks by 1.
Vegas must not know the Truth.
Been reading this book for class tomorrow and it's making me sleepy...
but I gotta stay up.
Poll question: Who's the biggest blowhard?
Dylan or Ed Schultz?
I know it's hard to find someone like you, but I hope you know it's hard to find someone like me too.
im so proud of, 8 million views in 1 day ?
thats freaking AMAZING : i love you so much.
PLEASE follow me ?
: I LOVE YOU
I loved you.
You never loved me.
That freakin' hurts.
Thoughts of a Giant, Heart of a warrior, with the Humility of a Child of God!
R.I.P.
Tim Cuprisin, Milwaukee Media Columnist
What movie scene moved you more?
John coffee being electrocuted or Michael jordan stepping off the space ship in Space Jam?
Excited to start working on an entry for 2011NextGen competition for !
Should be fun
I'm ignited
3wordsofAdvice lose my number
Taxes done.
Muffins in the oven.
A glass of wine and a book in my lap.
Good night.
Yes and another fond welcome to tweeter !
omg really?!
Well I LOVE Asking Alexandoctora and captainre the Crown :p x
Adding a We're shutting Clipmarks down email to my collection.
Appreciate: thank you for being part of our journey.
very nice fish, Coach!
Chocolate with dark chocolate frosting?
Damn it, Jerry.
Is it just me or is everyone and their mom on their periods this week...geez Louise grumpy people er'where
Agreed!
Congrats, fellow new grad!
Vijay: This is awesome!!!
Rleating the Polaroid shape and Wikets is brilliant.
Finally back in LA!
Y'all don't know how hyped I am to get to the barber shop in the morning!
I hate it when people confuse me, its so annoying
Hello 3.5 day weekend so good to see u again
thanks!
What do you want to read about more?
Money coming down path for startups?
Number of PE  VC funds closed YTD at 70, almost 2X all of 2011.
The purpose of being here is to understand and share experiences.
So, I'd like to exchange perspectives.
Sounds delicious!
Can we join?
:
Hey girl, thanks for the follow..happy Friday!!!
Two weeks from today I will be in Hawaii!
Did you two reserve your Hawken name yet?
I am ignoring my Google Reader because I know it is full of interesting news, and my brain is just too full right now!
Well, yes, there is that.
We wish it was here!
Enjoy the sun, Robyn!
:
Appellate Tip 2 from Judge Ripple of the 7th Circuit: Roadmap.
Have one.
did you get to see the Avengers this weekend?
Night of Joy at Disney this weekend.
The weather is crappy but I like today.
I think ima go watch the Katherine heigl movie later on.
29 mil from just last night..it's breaking records
Hope y'all having a good day, I am...
Haan
CLAS Human Rights Film Series starts tomorrow at 7pm
J Lo damn you...why are you so pretty?
No problem!
I'd thought of the triads but not the 7ths.
I have the 2Octave major scales made.
I may overlay a few.
I thought that These Snakes are Hot performed very well yesterday.
Just can't sleep!
Pausing to put it all in perspective...
My Alli gals, I miss you all!
not DVD but is sellthrough dead?
Love and peace should always outweigh revenge  pride.
: ImHopingThat every weekend will be as good as this one so true.
The Juicing Mobile will be back in action starting tomorrow :!
look for me on Farwell btwn Brady and North, as always loc map to be tweeted
Who's is rocking next
Kenneth Faired look like a bitch
i need to vent
Just thought: If I'm running from cops, donut backwards into a spot; no way to kill my automatic headlights so I get caught
Summer  Half Naked Season
Today Mann,, it Was Crazyy:
Everybody loves zayn, he's a very attractive young lad..why wouldn't you?
LOL XD
I will go down with this ship, I wont put my hands up  surrender, there will be no white flag above my door.
Im inlove and always will be.
betascape added a new sponsor last night  will be providing all of the awesome pizza for Sunday's CreateCamp
At the primier
looking for an infrastructure guru for an enterprise solutions architect role in phoenix!
Soo...Who can help me to bring to following me?
:
Damn McDonald's packed
So proud and honored to be an American after watching the movie Acts of Valor.
3553 steelyard doctorve cleveland it is right next to the Target store in steelyard commons.
In the studio like always.
doctorppin hits in Milwaukee,WI.
Come holla at us people.
are you having sex with doug right now?!?
Why aren't you retweeting me yet!
: may I suggest a guitar duel instead ?
Totally.
We'll be Ralph Machio, you guys are Steve Vai.
Thanks so much for the RT!
How is your research going?
Ifs sorry!
Am I really that needy?
I mean, I do everything and then some...
not asking for a lot.
Dual platform; by the same co.
as Jing, so they work together.
I haven't used them together, but looked into it last year.
I listen turn my sag on  because im so happy :D he following me and tweeted me :D
I know Doan isn't dirty but you just can't hit someone like that.
I don't think he shouldve been thrown out though
Mmhmm bet your coach ain't your hero now!
that scares me for real lol
what channel???
Thanks for including San Diego Mag!
Looking forward to tonight's chocolate dinner.
But data are an everexpanding part of journalism  strat comm.
So necessary to teach  learn.
Gotta find way to amp 'em up.
RT Off to a productive morning compliments of from wish I cld find Baltimore's best brew in SF!
Looking for clinicians that would be willing to come to a rehearsal to share their knowledge with young musicians ages 1221.
Hennessy heir to pay 'Jamaica 50' visit  Jamaica Gleaner
Robert Bloch I have the heart of a child.
I keep it in a jar on my shelf.
Thanks for the shoutout!
I hope you enjoyed the presentation!
Delicious looking photo!
Our guests are really loving your ice cream...
and the salty caramel is a firm staff favorite!
I'm taking this weekend off for my birthday.
Yes, I am.
Really.
Check with me later.
Dammit!
do u happen to know if the support for IE is coming or are they just doctorpping IE support?
What episode are you on?!
lol I finished 6 this morning!
lol outtacontrol :
awesome news mister Anderson!
I was thinking that it's cool that there are designers in the bowling industry.
It's an industry I may consider down the road.
We're at the hillsboro farmers' market until 1:30.
Come say hi!
Main street and third ave.
yo chad if calvin johnson is mega tron then you are optimus prime!
no, you don't need to bring a partner, i was just wondering cause they had a one person and a two person deal
avoid DirectSpace Networks.
shame on me for 1 lack of proper research and 2 being too poor to afford proper hosting.
live and learn.
Reports say Obama wants to raise taxes.
He won't intercede to get congress to cut spending but he'll take more from us.
Outrageous.
And It's Wednesday already!
I feel like the weekend was yesterday.
I got home from the hospital on the afternoon of the 12th and am still sore and tired.
update later.
If you're reading this, you should be following me back.
Lmao RT : I could give up on partying, but I'm not a quitter.
Bynum needs to mature.
He's learning the same bad habits Shaq did.
you need to start singing some Jesus Walks by Kanye West....
:
I was gonna go get my nails done but my mom is dumb!
i live right by there.
FC All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
Yesterday omar texted to jazmin papisit and today i texted daddyfun omfg our dumb typos
think about what your doing.
not to mention parts were shot in the same room stockholm syndoctorme was
I frickin love Dance Moms.
ordered new Marc Tweed designed tshirts for The Family Curse this AM.
I think these are gonna be my most favorite ones yet.
Just thinking back to prefrosh weekend what feels like years ago...
:
To know grace and then to give mercy and to love others.
That is what changes people then the world.
thanks, Kathleen LOVE LOVE LOVE Prevention not Prescriptions site!!
You totally rock for creating it!!
Tamistern..your're trending...Cudos to you!
Thank you Jessie!
were recording our first album in June so we'll have plenty of new material coming your way!
I mean I'm winnin but I'm still bored
you make sure you follow and for the lastest steelers news.
RT to everyone
Here we come, Toronto and DHoo!
Vip table Friday night with ....
Vip table saturday night with
Amen!!!
Church!!!!
RT : I'm not where I need to be, but thank God I'm not where I used to be.
trip to the mound already??
Thanks for
Review for: SoundHound .
How to find out what song is stuck in your head
ManU Report: Plaque for cricketer DOliveira
box me yo number
KwanTzu If you give a man a fish he will have a single meal.
If you teach him how to fish he will eat all his life.
my Klout thinks I'm an expert on mortgages.
I have no idea why.
did someone say you were?!
If so..
Who?
I'll beat em up for ya:
No, but there is the traditional shaming my mother for using too much tomato sauce.
Love it.
Very important to question assumptions if this wonderful planet is to survive us  the intelligent ones.
Do you consider yourself a cannabis consumer, cannabis patient, or cannabis activist?
Reading a paragraph in a book over and over because you're too distracted by something else.
hell yeah!
agreed.
THUNDER UP!
takes on Houston tonight at 7PM, with Kylie Morgan to boot  that spells a great night at Whiskey Chicks!
Bring it on!
: RT : is everyone ready for week two?
Action speaks louder then words.
Its not what you say its the little things you do that count the most
And a good morning it is.
we still chillin later
People are strange
nah uh.
Who wants a 50.00 off any room only on Sundays?
Just DM me your name and addoctorssee and we'll mail it out and a pair of free passes!
i miss u
Omg, I'm scared O.o
The lockdown at Oregon MS has ended.
Students who were taken to Rome Corners Intermediate will be bussed to OMS.
one month.
you went back ?
Kim's tweets are starting to annoy me.
Stop retweeting her dumb shit.
God gives you pain to make you learn how to be strong.
Stay positive, never give up,  always be grateful.
where is here?
its supposed to be windy
in a basketball traviling team!:
This world was not created to satisfy your soul.
Live for Heaven, and God will throw in earth.
Seek ye first...
The difference between a goal and a doctoram is a deadline.
What is your goal?
Deadline??
wish I saw this!
everybody's waiting to see you break down, everybody's watching to see the fall out.
I miss mi amor
I miss the old 1D family :
I'm so hungry right now.
If You Don't Know Me .
Don't Fuckin' Judge Me .
Tj is has crazy doctorvers!
I think she was yawning but it's much cooler to have a Vampire Dog than a Yawning Dog.
Mom: may the fourth be with you?
HAHAHAHA!
GET IT?
FOURTH?!
FORCE?
HAHAHA!
Heal well bro.
Watching 's Dance Dares in Study Hall!
hey lady!
are you going to DCLX at all?
wanna maybe carpool and make a day of it?
IBM MultiTouch Smart Floor Calls 911 When You Fall
Happy Valentines Day lovely friends!!!
Wishing you much love and happiness and many kisses, here's some from me!!!
xoxo
Is U.S.
news afraid of science?
Still no mention of the discovery of synthetic DNA showing Evolution on its own
after im done laughing, Im going to have to put you in timeout!
omg thats horrible : I went through a lot of it too so if you need anyone to talk to I'm here for you
That shit is dope!
Yea I got sum in that lane.
Gimme ur email and I can send a few n see if you like
20ThingsAboutMe i dont want to grow up
keekeekeehahaha will be the new national dial tone.
Just read a magazine and now I can't wait for summer!
Texting the same person all day and night and never getting bored just because you like them that much:
Falling asleep to music 
One title per weight  yes, per division  no.
Too many champs right now
I think you are correct.
I will check it out.
Been running low on easy shows to watch while I work.
Out of desperation, I've just started The Palace.
I really need 2move but mainly 2get off this slow ass, creepin ass, lurkin ass M train!
It's top speed is 0.845 mph.
Ger
This new movie will feature stars of the stage and screen singing classic Broadway tunes from the past and present.
Happy Friday :
WTF!!!!!!
I like a natural woman but fa real?
Who are the people in your life who make you laugh and smile the most?
When is the last time you told them how much you appreciate them?
well, thanks
professorjust called the NCAA the n c two a...
No.
So glad that in my neighborhood most of our neighbors, especially those right next to us, are great people.
Sporting a SONS OF ANARCHY tshirt with pressed Wranglers is just a bit confusing.
is amazing : saysomethin is amazing, his voice is amazing 3 mahomies are amazing 3
in NHL 95 quickly skatin around goal net for wrap around shot  goal every time.
LT not sexist, just doctor humor
I'm not doctornk, seriously..
I think it's my app
Sick of the war on Southerners.
Its only undignified if those who think it is sit at the table.
M's need another scrapheap lefty.
gotta be a reclamation project in the daylaborer ranks somewhere.
nf now following!!!
:
There's a DJ at my job who needs to get laid, FAST.
Hurry before he gets himself hurt.
you don't even know I exist, ha.
Worked out!
Third time this week!
Trying to make it 5!
Need to add some spice to your holiday party?
Pair a Dundee Festive Ale w.
a spicy salami and salty cheeses for a quick and easy appetizer.
I refresh, get current content, then just big jumps, e.g.
10:14 then all the way back to 8:30 w/ nothing btwn.
Prob a hiccup.
Scooter please can Justin Bieber come to poland?
I love Justin Bieber so much.
you just totally set yourself up for potential selfhatred.
you can shoot it at me any day
Incendies is one very powerful film.
Tip 1 for succeeding in China: Secure a joint venture partner in China.
thank u
Virgo  worry tendency
Lol I hope so may've stolen the show  this morning's ibmimpact general session Who wasn't googling their site?
So much for Love your enemies......
Lunch isn't coming soon enough.
Inane waffle.
It is my birthday!!!!!!
and are you bragging?
;
interested in your own custom piece?
email me
happy holidays to you all!
here's to a fun 2011!
Enjoy RT : m Sushi time excellent
I love it when the guy you like tells you that you look amazing.3
Gotta too much shit to do today
I see
really where that at?
people are really LIVE on social sites, but quiet AF in person.
Melvin couldn't trade for an above replacement level SS last year, think he can now?
hanging in there !
chilling watching the Heat game and yourself ?
Good morning to the best followers!
Have a terrific Tuesday!
Ben and Jerry now sell a Bonnaroo Buzz ice cream?
I know what I'm devouring a pint of this evening.
You Make Me Feel Like I'm Livin' A Teenage doctoram The Way You Turn Me On!.
3 My Favorite Song!.
:D
twitter finger syndoctorme!
People changing everyday..shit is crazy
Congratulations Ross!
So excited to see the show!
Hope all is well.
Xoxo
Dear music, Thank you for being there for me in my times of need!
My ears love you!!
.
.
.
lol, 4 sum reason the courvoisier made me hear Carey Hart, Pink's husband.
Carey/Kevin same difference!!
RT : rmb
hey Guy!
Hope training is going great!
I gotta get you to pose at our show one year!
;
You cooking it?
Groundlings Jamboree, I'm there!!!
Up so early.
So much to accomplish today.
Like going back to bed.
Hello, Mango update.
You are a sly beast.
A lot sneaked in to that .5.
I love to give homemade gifts.
Which one of my kids do you want?
Do you have a facebook?
:
It's nice to meet you, too.
Which convictions do you mean?
hit me on FB inbox
Good day sweetie:
there's nobody in the White House to review positions on the markets before they are released?
speculation is part of the market.
GOOD I NEED TIME TO SAVE MONEY FOR ALL THAT MERCH I NEED THE SWEATSHIRT
Hold onto your hats today!!!
A wind warning is in effect.
If you see or hear of any problems, damage, power outages..let us know !
lets go giants jets suck
Sky rockets in flight, afternoon deeliiiight...
Ahhhoo...
I make fart noises with my mouth
really.?
What happened?
Lol..
OMG .
RT : youresowhite your windows have blinds AND curtains.
Thanks for joining us for the game last night.
Always good to add big skc fans to the mix.
it was a no brainer.
Stoners tend to congregate.
Even though I feel down and out, I am still blessed.
My situation will get better.
I believe that...do you?
IThankGod for five boys who have no idea I exist, but I love them anyway.
:
You know I aint lyin.
The world would be a better place if we labeled a ChickenheadTweet when we saw it and unfollowed.
no not married I guess that's just an expression and I am in Boston
great, stay in touch Mike!
;p
Thankyou to everyone who's been spreading the word, you guys are great!
For the first time since we launched our site, we had over 1,000 unique visitors today alone.
Thank you DFW!
Only 9 more days
Thanks for the follow!
ah!
i cant wait :
I owe an apology.
Even though he hates hockey I went too far.
Thought it was funny.
Wasn't even Jimmy Fallon funny.
That's bad
Make sure you smell nice and clean before you go out to dance Salsa.
Nobody likes smelly dancers.
Check out the new tracks on the band page!
http://www.facebook.com/lastseendead
I'M ABOUT MY MONEY WHAT ARE YOU ABOUT???
thank you!
xo
Cold?
Stop by for some hot chocolate, coffee or a hot looseleaf tea and warm up!
Ipads are mundane :
Can't do yoga next Sat  I'm cooking at the soup kitchen.
The Sat after for sure!!
Baby makin project
Just got my teeth cleaned, and my dentist said they looked pretty good.
Celebrating by eating caramel candy.
I'm waiting for the 2hour Allen Bari road to a bracelet special..
What the fuck espn?!?
Hm is this anger, frustration, or finally that familiar feeling of I don't give a Fuck?
Its going down.
Celtics down 3 with 12 seconds left
nothing wrong with that
IM SO EXCITED TO FINALLY SEE MY BESTFRIEND NEXT WEEKEND!!!!
twitterless Qarch Hawk 
: Someone just did a pacemaker cover in variety pops  haha hell yeah!
How was it?
You should come to Florida u have alot of GRANDers here!
:
Ramblin' acupuncturist settles down!
I now offer my services at Myo in the Triangle or comfy East Side Studio, MonSat.
Thank you, Kate, we really appreciate it!
um, like, and, um, um, like and so, like seem to be the most favorite words and phrases of the South Campus kids
: Thats right!
I'll have my ppl call yor ppl
Watching the Simpsons in Spanish class.....
Ugh my Spanish teacher is a freak
all sweat and tears
thank you so much Marion!
...
I am truly honored!
Warmly, Jeris
foxnews' top DC host/anchor/correspondent...
pretty big deal.
sure looks like him.
RT : , asking if technology works is like asking if a library works.
at
Mind you, I don't think it can be achieved any time soon.
The road to communism is socialism, our short term goal.
I think they went for the classic approach this time.
going to be sick!
Guess we did a good job in raising money for the theatre.
I want to thank everyone for the awesome comments and the super standing ovation!
There are over 7billion ppl on earth And ur going to let 1 person ruin ur day?
DON'T Dont 
Pen died at the beginning of my meeting.
Fine words from on destructive elitist designer tendencies, the power of empathy and why clients aren't idiots
Need an ISP anyone know of an alternative to time warner
What Caleb Hangme completes a 28yard pass to Davis
missing something
Awesome!
Thanks!
That annoying moment, when you realize someone else is using the pencil you lost.
saw old footage of you in the dunk contest the other day didn't realize The jet had bounce too!
Lol
KAPPAS KILLED IT!!!
you look hawwt in your professorle pic
have to remember that im doin this for two now 3 to my girl C.M.
RT : RT : Twitter: Telling you when it's about to rain since 2006.
we hit the lottery signing Gradkowsi  QB!
TERRIBLE!!!
Just saw on CNBC Adobe to cut 680 jobs itjobs,tech,cgtpa,
A huge thank you to for sharing her spoken word at Samaritan Ministry's HIV/AIDS Support Luncheon today!
When you're so distracted by texting that you accidentally try to swipe your debit card through the subway turnstile.
hee.
thank you.
i did save it on my computer so i can read it sometimes...
but i won't air it.
G
what will it takes for the Miami dolphins to compete in that tough AFC east?
You are limited to like 15 characters because of how many people your tweeting
Can somebody with the new Iphone 4s ask the personal assistant when the FK the iPhone5 is coming out!
Just ordered a TON of FREE stuff to hand out to all of our supporters who come out to Dancing in the Streets May 15!!
I need someone different ; you know it, oh oh you know it
BARACK OBAMA WANTS TO MARRY A DUDE!!!
Couldn't even score 2 goals against a hapless Villa!
I thank your Spurs for losing me money!!
I'm doing well!
How are things with you?
Did you start your fall semester yet?

, 2 of my fave bands in the same place  its 21?
why would you do that to me?
what about your 18 fans in nyc?
I asked God to protect me from my enemies and then I started losing friends.
Remember when outdoor garbage cans didn't have wheels?
And were metal?
Looking for a good time tonight?
Disco San Andoctoras is guest teaching at 8pm!
Bubba Watson  no swagger
Me TOO
.
Bad writers.
OH: im not getting in your van and I don't want your candy from
Omg!
I thank for showing me who is.
He is the sexiest thing on earth :D and is youtube vids are amazing!
3
Fuck yea!
Go Cowboys!
I'm craving a swirl cone from frost bite....
Wts funny is last time I tweeted bout her.
U replied
Got an apartment.
Now waiting for those job offers...
If u knew what I've been threw u would understand y I make the choices I do
will do broskki
Hope everyone liked the Adworkers Super Bowl Tweetup.
Thanks to everyone who participated tonight.
I think im just hungry because I'm bored
honestly I love guns....unless they're in the hands of Dick Cheney,we're hunting and he needs a heart transplant.Sorry.
Damn...stuck workin at school bingo for 4 hours!
F ;A;
I'll take a listen!
:
PeopleLikeUs TRUST OUR DOCTOR..
They used to be called jumpolines, until your mom decided to play on one back in '73
RT : Watch for the kids this morning during National Bike to School Day.
We're underway for CLIR's Archives for Nonarchivists training.
We have 10 CIC librarians digging into boxes at
Fans out here in the center field bleachers are heckling , but he's ignoring.
:
Don't you hate when you just wash your car then within a day a bird decides to use your car as a toilet
NF: She Hella Dope.
n she keep it G.
Someone made a skout of you !!!!!
Or is it really you or is the person just taking your pics from twitter ?!
Gwen's wiping my ass tomorrow, cause I GOT IT LIKE THAT
The doctoris in!
Some people just do not know when to close their mouths.
We sure do!
DM me your addoctorss and I'll send you some.
Only catch  you have to tweet a pic when you get them!
:
Born on this day in 1824, CSA Gen.
John Crawford Vaughn, who saw action at First Manassas, Vicksburg,  in East TN guerrilla fighting.
Why do I always get my phone taken away in the middle of a good conversation?
RT : Talk to me!
Talk to me !
Pretend you ve come to see me.
Judge is giving the jury instructions in the sentencing of Michael King  man convicted of murdering Denise Amber Lee of North Port
yea pretty sure I got sme
RT : 2 doctornks?
Yep Download app Buy for 1  Redeem for 1 
what does muffins have to do with spiderbites!
and I rarely curse.
: You too?!?!
RT : Here comes my potty mouth as I watch this Knick game!
lol what do you mean rude??
Lifeboy turned into an aggressive rager with Fish screaming God never listens to what I say over and over, goin' nuts.
So much for sleeping in on Sunday...been awake since 4:30am...
A 100 or NOTHING!
is back on the anchor desk after a long hiatus it feels pretty good!!
I reckon Portland were a little bit louder than you...ONE MORE TIME!
Twitterthe snowball effect: more people now talking about RTruth trending than the reason y he's trending in 1st place!
I tried giving the bunny a beard but it just didn't work.
Loved Adoctoren Brody's portrayal of him in 'Midnight in Paris.' Did you see the show of his works at Philly Art Mus yrs ago?
had a blast playing the Kookie Neighbor in a spec commercial for SNUGGLE w/ awardwinning Director Elena Shpak.
www.amandabrookelerner.com
Quit talking to our goalie!!
scary black girl lacrosse coach
Jungle Jack Hanna will showcase some interesting animals today at 12:30 and 2:00
yea, just Sun  Mon!
You are so welcome!
I'm so glad you enjoyed it!!
You can't break a heart that's already broken and can't mend the one you broke if you don't check yourself for the the problem first 3
Finally feeling better!!!!!!
Also don't mind testtasting different wines.
My lip and my ears hurt so bad.
But that's what I get for getting 4 holes in my head within' like 10 minutes.
Hopefully sleep will help!
x3
I have sand in places no one has ever visited!!
NUTS A5: Favorite travel show is No Reservations Anthony Bourdain and movie motorcycle diaries.
when Jesus said, I am the vine, you are the branches, was he talking about kudzu?
Last day in Ohio..then back to Cali for our show at cheetas this Thursday!!!
Sweet doctorams.
I stand with M.I.A.!
Going to post up a new doctorwing I made for a friend hehe :D
If you play like McGee is right now, then yes I do want you to play like him...
Are you homy?
RT this if you read it wrong....lol
i love bonnie and clyde!
lmfao damn i need to quit school den
Use a VitaMix Blender with coconut water as the liquid base...or milk.
Milk actually mixes pretty well with veggies.
Try it.
Back from the gym.and I feel like I had a half ass wrkout bc my mom was low key rushing me...
She wonder why I dont invite her when I go :
Hey, any investors or venture capitalists out there, I have ideas, concepts, stories...
the world needs their telling.
Hope it went well RT : 8am poster session for on Transition Care partnership w Chicago
last night before summer and you are no where to be found...you aren't where you should be right now
You can see I get away.
Way up here in outer space.
Welcome to my get away, I lounge on Mars.
ha that sucks
What a thoughtful monarch!
Top of the morning Twitter World!
Joomla!
newsletter headaches boil down to thisnew vrsn restructures key tbl, adds new fields but install pkg does not update existing tbl
Who's got time to think that up, much less type it out!?
LYCHEE green tea from  can't wait to try it!
At NCSL in San Antonio, hanging out at the Brady Campaign booth.
Stop by for some candy and information.
didn't expect that.
but ok
dude, still have my mind blown from our meet up yesterday!
6 years ago I would have NEVER met a stranger on a whim.
Im all tired!
More TopGirls table work tonight with
Good luck!
Close it out strong!
Give us a heads up next time and we'll get a group out to cheer you guys on!
GO RAMS!
Sadly, Donny Deutsch is right...
Slutty is the new Black.
TIRED ..GUNNA HIT THE BED xD not literally hit xP goodnight tweeterz xD
I need a celebratory smoke session for not being a mother.
SmartDecisions Woot Woot!
That depends.
Did you wave your hand at them and repeat your request?

School is cancelled for all Incline Village schools.
8/16/2010 40 Top Marketers to Follow on Twitter Cool Marketing Stuff
Omg these cool sheets feel hella nice on my hot sunburn!!
firstworldproblems goodnight tweetloves
I need Star Control II in HD.
Well, 'need' is probably too strong of a word.
Reallyreallyreallywant.
Yup.
That's the right one.
What about shenanigans?
that's unfortunate
people always got to talk behind somebody back
My dad, texting me a telling detail from the unnervingly warm January in Missouri: I just mowed my lawn.
religion is part of the 1.
but we might have enough religious hate in this country already...
What a beautiful day 
Tell your friends!!
I agree it is sad but I do think the networks jumped on the stories with a competitiveness I find a little sickening.
haha nice!
Thank you :
Its not often u see a tweefer from the most beautiful girl in the world.
June 10th bout too be stupid TU
yep, that's the one.
Is there anything that's closed that CANNOT be open?
says it's just a matter of will and interest.
they work now?
but im already following you!
No luck then!?!:
perks of living in a city, food delivered to my door
Last EDU11 session on deck.
Thanks to the program committee and the EDUCAUSE staff for a great conference experience.
Wish i was a teen in the 80s.
I laughed :
I love turning the bass up all the way up in my car and putting that on.
My sister and I sing along 3
MANY THANKS whose BEAUTIFUL photos will be featured on for Dulce's Ashes  a redemption story
Hi!
thanks for joining me on twitter :
appreciate you passing along our article to your followers!
Last night was awesome!
Thanks to everyone who came out!
Will it let you generate multiple QR Codes 4 the same link?
That's the clutch one to track diff campaigns...
Your annoyingg go away.
I might cancel my prom
You're most welcome love.
Glad you and kitty are purring soundly now.
:
My prediction: Prince to cubs or mariners, 8yrs, 180M.
Looking for guest bloggers, week of May 1319.
Any takers?!
Woo hooooo!
Thank you :
i have 699 followers again, lol.
kinda..
I joined like a month ago but I couldn't figureit out but I know how to use iit now and I love it!
LOL
Yes!
Find a cowboy, Mary!
So tired!
I still need to vacuum and I want guacamole and chips.
I think tired is going to win out tonight.
Guac and chips for bfast it is!
Not at all.
I don't find bisexuals offensive.
I guess u do.
I'm making a point.
I never chose to like women.
I just do.
lol LONG DAY of dancing i start volleyball monday aah !!!!!
followback,Is Awsome related to Watch The Office Online
thanks.
If you missed it, catch it at myfox9.com.
It's called, An Old Fashioned Rescue, The Sequel.
I'm a dick, I'm addicted to you
Yep I will
Lost in LA, a teen novel about a girl dealing with Inattentive ADD while trying to survive the rigors of school and the mean girls
It feels like I havent tweeted in a while
Do you follow a great fitness blog?
We'd love to hear about it!
Congrats to , head of Ford grantee , who Time has named one of the 100 most influential people in the world.
SAME.
my sister is at a party in jersey and im home and i LITERALLY CALLED HER AND NOW WERE LIKE SDGKBARSKJBGAKRSBGAKJ.
Thank you!
We'll get something to you soon!
Thanks for your support!
are you in k201?
Ive always wanted to be in one!
where u from?
I feel like John Wayne would have attended Texas Tech
Time to get down here and warm up with 241 EVERYTHING from 59pm.
Also, make sure to check in on Foursquare and get a Free Powers shot
Wish a band I knew would cover 'It was almost love' from Muppet Christmas Carol.
In love with that song.
Love!
RT : Success is a tale of obstacles overcome, and for every obstacle overcome, an excuse not used.
Robert Brault
Princeton is just amazing.....like that boy is gorgeous....u just can't say he not cute....that's not possible 
have fun!
That's what this city is here for!!!
As things stand, my world only gets better if Chelsea win CL.
safe travels
All this sun costs SoFla residents a premium, so I am pleased to report it's beautiful out!
How are things across the pond?
Our rooftop deck is alway happy to have you!
Watch the successful teams out here...
They all screaming WE not just me.
: We gonna pray for no surprise speeding tickets in the mail.
.
Ha I HATE those lol
kid you need to learn how to answer your kiks..
Theo is the only fair trade, organic chocolate maker among the top 15 based here, great product, supporting growers Woot!
I want Revenge and Scandal to overlap like Magnum, P.I.
and Simon and Simon.
golic was getting a burger when nd scored
I wonder if Morgan Freeman will be too busy narrating his own birthday party, to actually be able to enjoy it?
haha sorry bro
!cool ?really
thanks for teaching tonight!
Class looked like a blast!
Happy Monday.
OK 1 message to the chancellor sent in support of occupythefarm  it's a GREAT idea for the east bay.
here is email
STOP TALKING!!!!!!
no problem I know u gone do good b confident n I know u studied u have nun to worry bout ...da bal n yo court now
not surprised
It all depends on what you order.
Their goulash is excellent, for example.
How many tweetbot users are there in total?
I'd be more excited if they were coming here and I had tickets haha
Swag..!!Can't get no better than that..
Nothing to wear for k8 day.
shrug
I dunno who u is, but I'll follow.
Are you an actual tween, or just an tween alterego.
anyone from anderson mill/183 area going to BASHH tonight?
gots someone who won't come unless they have a ride.
are you up for helping?
:
im so excited to see you!
iloveoctoberalso and
Missing the love of my life ....
Saying goodbye to Cindy Lou today.
So hard to lose you so soon.
I miss you every day.
Until we meet again.
Before or after you join us tonight, be sure to check out the openings at , , and SOFA Gallery.
: The biggest obstacle between the and an undefeated season is the texans inthe superbowl GameDayMorning
Tonight is Brit Barton's exhibition The Icarian Sea at Red Space Gallery.
Please join us from 710pm
6/27 at Galaxy CDs.
Both and 's summer tours are merging.
Support your scene, this will be fucking big.
A quitter never wins but a winner never quits be the winner at all times.
Happy Sunday :
Wow.
I'm watching game film from a couple weeks ago and this broken play turned into 2pts.
That was a great way to attack a 23 zone.
thanks for the GFlash description.
You may want to look at
Behind every strong Man stands the back bone of his strength his Women...
I can teach you the ropes of working the nightlife for some cash money.....
Ah school.
:/
New Hampshire man charged with fatally shooting 31yearold Marlborough man while hunting last November
up late and have to be up early to meet someone about a tree
Waving from the Terrace level!
Lol
Excited to attend the NSF Cyberlearning summit tomorrow!
Manson reborn for 'Villain'  Toronto Sun
Just won a free pass to at wwcode frontend study group.
Woohoo!
Got some footage on film while scuba diving in Catalina Island on Monday.
I'll post it up once we edit a few things.
And she can text you with waving her hand up in the air
Don't miss out on the Mother's Day promotion 1 week for only 35 and is 100 guaranteed or next week is free!!
What do you have to loose?
Don't forget that fabulous voters would like Mitt Romney more if we were boring.
FREE cheesy bread at , Only w/ a
Everyone thinks eating disorders are a choice, I disagree.
I think the disorder takes over you  your brain and controls you.
I've been thinking of that all day.
I can't wait to trot it out.
Thanks
im like obbsessed with tea :
I blame the mixed kit, cockiness and David Glass for tonight's loss.
Banks are fucking stupid.
Police are fucking stupid.
You're all fucking stupid.
Seriously I want to fucking shoot someone.
Thanks for Sharing Anne.
This is helpful.
remember when I was cool enough for you?!
:p
O which beer?
RT: impressed by the selection of canned beer About to enjoy a nice beer float and cheese burger
Up since 4am, but very productive!
Surprisingly I am already packed for this weekend's trip/race/camping.
Normally I wait till 15 min before I leave and throw things in a bag
is gearing up for a brand new day.
The Moon shall rise again
I can't believe we all have to wait until October!
Yes season three looks ominous.
really appreciated by folks who can't be there at all!
Like your trailer.
Canon 7D?
Before there was there was and 32 years to the day before that.
I was born.
Thank you God for one more day.
only if you have a subscription to Charter
Sweet doctorams  happy scheming, all you beautiful creatures : Goodnight.
is a really cool guy to follow ;
Woohoo!
We are over 600 followers!
Thanks for the love everybody :o
Irreducible ie to the explanatory norms of any community or political ideology.
Mentions as model.
: was amazing last night!
Some of the most chill and appreciative people.
canadiansrockmysox awww!!UR awsum
I agree wholeheartedly good sir.
READ ALL YOUR BOOKS AND YOU ARE TRULY A PHILOSOPHER.
THANK YOU.
RT : the sun is not up but already it looks like a great day to walk around Tempe without my pants
In Speakeasy Kaberet for Chico Mann.
A whole different, more diverse sxsw crowd.
Great groove!
hold on...
Do u mean Kobe choked?
My bad, I ain't understand my own question!
LMAO
Live every moment of life, enjoy every breath, everything happens for a reason, always remember never forget, smile, and enjoy the weather.
Jewish Proverb Rejoice not at thine enemys fall  but dont rush to pick him up either.
Great running into you!
Now go get that Trojan sweater for days when you miss us...
:
awww thank you so much honay!!!!
; when u comin to thy east coast?
OkUPrettyBut you look just like my previous girlfriend  NEXT!!
Need brand of nonsense.
SUCH a hideous, I suck as a human being sort of day.
Circle me, and I'll introduce you to a bunch of really interesting educators at both K12 and higher ed
can't pitch or catch last 2 games.
Kinda imp't if you want to win
my eyes are a little sore with an insufficient sleep
watching Good Burger....
3
I've had nothing but Chinese food for the past two days...in Utah.
good luck Liam!!!
You deserve it more than anything:
So you're saying that you're the decider?
I think you just wanted to use the willynilly hashtag...
Roland Barthes was right.
My car is a mother effin' cathedoctorl!
RT A9.
Feeling like someone from Mad Men doctornking by yourself at lunch.
We can't become such a society where you can't call crazy  crazy.
I havent been to a Denver game in 10 years!
Would love to see one but my husbands on active duty and we live in Hawaii!
;
Rentrak TV program stickiness and Bluefin Labs social media index help identify high value engaged, multitasking audie
lmfao screw you!
Zotec Partners Takes Over Billing for Western North Carolinas Largest MultiSpecialty Practice, Asheville Radiology ...
: We say life is too short, God would say, I gave you enough time u just don't spend it wisely.
so true!
it's true.
Ppl don't realize that's needed in a relationship
If u gonna be fake be fake but don't play as if u real
I saw a preview.
Is it worth watching?
Was walking thru Lincoln Square and saw sword fighting in a gym!
so you do not believe this is potentially indicative of a larger issue?
You got it!
Do research.
Learn about the business.
This isn't a game.
You're on your way to greatness!
Way to go!
:
Me too.
Along except for this Riesling, that is.
;
Maybe Joe Biden was laying the groundwork for Obama's evolution, instead of screwing up like everyone seems to think.
put back up your nashville cover ill get to see it!
im good headed to work
Swag is for boys class is for men.
My music in the streets right now..
Ya baby momma car, living room, ya cousin house, ya guy studio, etc..I wouldnt have it no other way!
We're sorry you feel that way!
Can we ask what happened?
make a list of the SEOs, follow the list, then unfollow them on your main feed
i want to go to california and just take pictures!
3
Be sure to head out to FarxFarout and check out during
since u don't answer my calls i guess i should tweet u then
I guess you forgot to Tebow, Tebow.
RT : I'm not friends with you guys on FB, but I'm running fantasy college football again this year.
What happened to the fruitopia doctornk!?!?!
I want it back!
I forgot that I over it!!!!
:
Would you like to FindSomeoneWho know how to move through problems and not just stay stuck in them?
or paying for the right level of room :
errands then getting wildd with my friends tonight!
Go me at six and WELL DONE!!!!!!!!!!
:D 3 You guys totally deserve them!
:D
Never lose hope on rookies who are hungry.
They will beat you because they want it more.
now if DC were serious bout taxation w/o rep, we'd demand that 6 billion dollars back, wouldn't we?
Hey my twitter followers:
Been so busy.
Putting in another day at the office tomorrow.
Going In For The Kill
For sure!
Why does every guy friend I beat up want to date me?
sigh
On the phone with the babe 
I loved ur webinar last week!
Once u show value  prospect says they still want to get other quotes how do I stand out further?
installing Maya on my mac, damn now I need a six pack.
Looking for a Sr PM Dallas TX  Mortgage industry bckgrd.
If interested email me at
Sasha Bruce Volunteers from join us this weekend for delivery  thanks!
to set up your delivery day!
Hey guys!
Sorry I'm not tweeting much, you know how school is.
in Montreal now but a 305 for ever
Let your qualities shine
Man, He bougssss x we NEVER EVER went together !!!
cataloging invitations to parties at Limelight in the early 80s makes me even more disappointed that it's now a mall.
Warner and Lin  both strong in their Faith in God Tebow as well, but we don't have to talk about him
Not easy at all!
Let's go !
in the WORLD?
Just one example of how religion seeks domination over its constituents.
A religion should NOT need LAND DOMINATION 
I just witnessed go maniac.
It's complex but Blizz made it accessible
ireallyhatewhen Beliebers think they're so cool.
Guess what Belieber bitches,Mahone is Beast;
oh noo i hate suprises they get me nervous
Well try to have a good rest of the night....
thanks!
we're trying hard to pull it all together
hey chicky I wonder if has herd bout that psycho Kelly cross on the fb claiming she's gonna move in w him lol
work it briana!
workk it :P
WTF??
When did City Hall station turn into a fucking maze??
Phill be trippin...
: do you hate indiana now i thnk that's a yes this is so true.
Ill prob do that 2...I'm gona try 2 take it 2 1 of those artists place if there R any or get a friend whos good  doctorwing.
We fully expect Tebow to be Kenyoning during the Bronco' game.
I told her that she's not doin it anymore...
She's stressin me out...
: I think the guy that invented leap year must b related 2 the guy who invented Daylight Savings DST twisted LY just weird.
TheVoice had some surprises w/the instant eliminations.
How do you feel about the instant elimination?
Who do you think should be saved?
Brian Eckert : what's the ROI on opportunities associated with marchmadness?
I always see the bigger picture.
My partner at bjj practice I've seen you in muay thai, don't punch me Accidentally elbowed him in the face
Anakin450 made my new pic
Thinking that the blinding gold/orange cast over everything on csi:miami is both surreal and silly.
So much for doing hw.
slacking a little too much.
Just talked to my beautiful Lovely Grandmother!
she jus made me shed tears of joy!
Nbs.
Iaint sheded a tear n a min I'm  for her tho!!
It was a little anticlimactic, I have to say.
If you're saying what I think you were saying...
We're excited to be featured on tomorrow!
Tune in at 12:00 for a tasty live demo for National Earth Month!
i need a picture of that tattoo even though I don't know how would I function after I saw that!
worrying Haha!
well time 4 bed
Avatar voids the law of diminishing marginal returns?
3rd time and better than the first!
1,000 tweet on my 1 year of having a Twitter .
whatsgood :
Nice to run outside again and to work in the yard.
Happy day!
I spent 30 minutes walking.
113 calories burned.
Food is done...New recipe..everybody love it..I'm a boss :
I knowright?!
I'm thinking the ad men lack more than decencythey lack good taste.
Just saw Patrick Henry at the Fort Worth Stockyards.
He wants to ride a bull.
Remember that time Slipknot sucked?
Yeah, me either.
Because they never sucked.
That time has never existed.
I feel ya...RT Officially over being over committed!
I need to prioritize and set better boundaries!
New haircut!
Feeling weird about it!
My Midwestern wife loves her a Friday fish fry.
Vett in shop for regular check up,
: hey cutie
i literally just cried for real
Finally moved from Illinois to Wisconsin.
What a transition!
Finally arrived!
Nap time before camp starts :
Good Morning DC!
Hello Eval world.
Birthday month activity of the day: lunch at Honey's Kettle Chicken...using a Groupon, of course!
follow black please?
:
did you order with an accent?
Dear people in train station, The older you are, the less applicable skinny jeans become.
Going to sleep!
GoodNight and
Ice cream truck..
Id chase that..
New shoes..
Id lace that..
Chunkdirty..
Id dump that..
Id bump that...
RT if u agree!!
15peopleilove my mom
good luck you won't need it though;
D I'm sowwy.
Maybe I'll just give it a little kiss all better.
ONLY because you're super cute though :P
going after what you want is a risk worth taking ::hugz::
What!?
She's pretty!
Who do you think QB1 should date?
A VS model?
Wait, I think your answer is prob yes :
Mobile Marketing Solutions Provider.
SMS, WAP  Mobile Apps We walk u through the process of launching a mobile marketing campaign.
Guess what mister Brandon i didnt unfollow u.
What now.
;b
good game last night im in denver and still make sure to catch more of ur games than the nuggets
where yu been?!?
Thanks for the welcome.
:
Somebody doctorw a map cause this bitch must've lost her mind.
In time of test, family is best.
Burmese Proverb
Another game coming down to the wire.
I love the playoffs
And look at that...
it's 5:00 already.
Time to wrap it up.
:
Have you seen the new dewittlaw.com?
Let us know what you think
I thought my dog knew better to stick around me without a leash..he doesn't.
I had to chase him around the house.
North Carolina: 1 hr to Vote Against
is it peanut butter Cheerios?
Because yes, those are amazing.
cool story no one cares
Thanks for the RT with the link!
We All have that one friend that is always texting
I'm 16
Revising in the desert retreat  oh so much better than doctorfting!
you was suppose to be there.
We Dominic said you was
remember that the Easter bunny died for our sons in that horrible helicopter crash.
what kinda vibe you going for?
Something more corporate/ buisness looking, or something more modern with a urban feel?
I'm great, you?
congrats buddy, keep up the good work and welcome to the working mans world of sports
Breathing in!!
The stock market is a leading indicator.
Is the debt crisis a surprise?
Is the outcome reflected in stock prices now?
Are we headed down?
Awesome news, Kari!
What does it taste like, I'm tempted now :o
I will let myself discover some new, better, brighter beliefs about myself and my life.
It's crazy how every time I'm mad  some1 this forgiveness speech on Medea Goes to Jail comes on
thanks for the RT.
:
Looking forward to the Cubs/Yankees game tonight at Wrigley field!
I'd be happy if they stop confusing a corporation with a freaking person
Hold faithfulness and sincerity as first principles.
: party this weekend at karma.
It'll be fun.
Show up.
Bring your beautiful wife.
Help me wish my 20s a happy farewell.
when someone texts you and you cant text them back at that moment, but when you can text them, they cant text you back
Just in time for SOPA, Seattle natives create find your congressional district widget
That line was definitely where that episode started to turn creepy.
really?
I'm hyped for high school!
I can't wait!
thanks Audoctory!
well we have to go one person willing to change with us at a time.
Barriers can be broken.
Heat are 71.5 to beat the Knicks tonight.
Tipoff coming soon.
When his birthday really rolls around...nobody is gonna believe him.
Not a good night to be fighting with my computer and Xcode
Hey followers!
let's talk!
I miss cute.
If only people could hear me singing climax by usher in my car lmaooo
Lol, I'm wearing my Blink shirt today too!
XD I cracked up when I saw Ricky's tweet about it
the way you smile, your eyes, your personality, theres just something about u that jst strikes me.
: Thanks for all of the great advice on the show  SOCIAL MEDIA engagement made easy!
Thanks, too much fun!
Jenny Slate wins Varsity Show award
: Is the 635 the worst highway in the usa?
I think so Anytime you doctorve it, you are def risking your life.
today is JB's birthday.
Is true.
Pomp and circumstance...graduation time: Yay!!!
Avengers was ok..
Well...in that case.
Nothing to celebrate today.
Never mind.
RT : yeah, i'm a white sox fan.
They had nineteen childoctorn, but they knew what to do; they had one more; God told them to.
This brood's a cash cow; let's call it God's zoo.
: What's on YOUR weekend agenda.....
Dining Out?
Cooking for friends  family?
Events around town?
Going to
I think it's just that some ppl refuse to learn new things.
That's why.
I have a lot going on at home as does One of us can  will clarify as soon as we can.
Love this place.
We don't want to leave Tucson!
Salmonella food of 2011 float.
Reading An Actor Prepares by Stanislavdki, then going for a run before work at 11:30.
is this what they mean by being productive everyday?
Good stuff company IU12 our Japan flag hearts tshirt raised 250M for charity
10 Blue Jays125 in action
Its funny how vh1 is playing a movie about biggy and BET has 2 pac
I'm great!!!
Yay
All finished with the Fifty Shades of Grey trilogy.
What now?!....
How is everyone?
:D
Twitter Whack A Mole Is Fun...You Got Those That Pop Up W/Out Welcome Trying To Start doctorma.
What Do You Do?
WHACK THEM
why am i awake?
Just because you weren't born with a MovieStarSmile does't mean that one is out of reach!
www.kravitzdental.com
I don't understand how you stop Anthony Davis.
Seriously.
I don't.
And tho' I'm in the don't use them camp, I've had some good audio tours outdoorsgardens, zoos.
Oh man, what a night!
Jealous of everyone at Sundance this year!
But only a few more months until !
You killed it on SNL last night!
wish you girls were here today!!
My dads bipolar 
I wish clouds could light up at night :
I watch it sometimes :'x
Just saying...
We'd be perfect together 3 4ever haha
Thanks for the info.
Rescheduling brunch but next time going to your blog first!!
Genius is the gold in the mine; talent is the miner who works and brings it out.
Lady Blessington
Some of the levels/labels seemed a little wonky/mismatched to me too but curious about overall results
I don't judge.
People like all kinds of weird character pairings.
That one is not the most logical.
I want SJSharks hockey to start.
Me???
:D RT : And the Restaurant Week dinner for 2 winner is..
Quick hits: Meet five UFA set to join the Miami Dolphins
In observance of the holidays, we will be opening our doors at noon on Sunday, April 7, instead of our regular 9:00 A.M.
opening time.
Snowy in DC.
Thankfully it won't last.
Getting closer to March every day.
C'mon spring!
I can have other friends...
justlettingyouknow.
You do.
At SVA Fall Lecture Series: Steven Heller, Nostalgia for the Future: Or Did Design Save the World?
thanks bry4n!
thanks for being a customer and hope we crushed it for you!
duh, everybody knows..
but I was really talking about :
Tonight Tequila Shack ladies night.
Get away from the norm and escape to the Shack.
Tonight.
Baseball rematch soon!!!!
safari is my favorite!
I am so jealous of you right now!
Guys with rat tail.
Discovery in Reference Universe: Ordination of Women and Theologians in the Middle Ages from A History of Women  Ordination
thatcampgames writing issues  I'm off to the productivity/motivation guild, as represented by Princess Peach
Still got alot to do with fat fat on my hip
Hope everyone had a wonderful Christmas!
Stay tuned for some awesome stuff coming your way from us!
Will is wild
I hate when people talk shit about stuff they know nothing about.
one of my followers!
haha
alright I sent u my email just let me kno
Thank you!
thanks for the FREE twitter report.
It was quite helpful.
I think size, and I like tracking more than just steps.
After a little research I'm sticking with !
I got you.
Keep in touch too.
i see a lack of arrogance amongst you laker fans..
does this mean what i think it means?
Wait...
But what of we wanna to to one night of lollapalooza ????
hahahahaha
Woohoo, we're back online!
Stay tuned for today's posts.
Still trying to figure out which gods are on which side in Greece.
This could turn into another Iliad real quick.
In the Stone  Joyful, Joyful We Adore Thee  Funky fun stuff.
Chart written.
Cutting tracks soon!
Stay posted!
wonder how many people are gonna get caught with weed today...
bandsilove Linkin Park.
Their old stuff that is!
Had a wonderful nap!
cont the border to Mexico?
do it, i really dont want to go in the morning
im just smart like that
www.facebook.com/Envy.Protege.Designs 3
In Salisbury after tourofbritain stages in Exeter and Taunton, will be in London for last stages Sunday, then I promise research.
I guess GenerationX may be seen as slackers  underdogs but really we are philosophical.
We strive for meaning  purpose.
At least I do.
You can't decide a playoff game on an offensive foul like that unless somebody gets punched in the face.
Plus side, Sox are back.
I am riding around and I am getting it.
Cooking with my dad 3
street lights are SERIOUSLY ALWAYS GOING OUT AROUND ME.
this is bullshit.
Awesome!
A big hello back to my friends at Crocker Farms.
What's the word of the day?
Our guys say that Apple has delisted those who've availed themselves of pay to play.
Returned from South Africa about a week ago.
Trying to get back into the swing of things.
Very exciting possibilities for digital work.
I have time :
It doesn't feel much like Christmas...
I can't run no more get to excited because my heart can't take it life is to crazy SMFH
Tomorrow  Flipper's Truck Stop Food Truck Rally at , 11am3pm.
of proceeds to benefit Come eat!
Sometimes the truth is right in front of you but you are too blind to see .
L.A.
need the triangle offense they can't play this new shit
OHMYMAHONE  follow me on this account, but don't on my personal one:
Also we will RT everything I've heard from people about the demos, you should as well!
Make the commitment  mark it down on your calenders.
Friday, Jan.
27th we will playin  Papa Social Club, 77th  Burliegh.
9:30pm.
5 cover
I keep seeing the same guy at coffee shops in the hood.
I would say he's stalking me, but he's always here first...
This cat is one of the most solid vocalists I have ever had the pleasure of working with...
wait so, if you thought what she tweeted that person was funny then why did she yell at you!?
Tennis weather?
Whose challenging?
aha no ma' suck my big black spoil aszx dick
Childoctorn in the dark cause accidents, accidents in the dark cause childoctorn
aite well if anybody ask Im 6'3 now n aite bet!
you, too omgz!!

it's smash on site if I don't like them .
I'm watching beyond scared straight ...I love that show.
:
Livetweetingthepast this Will Ferrell SNL is off to a pretty damn good start with the W.
plug.
A website gives your small business credibility in the eyes of future customers.
It looks right at home there!
Safe exercise solutions.
In NYC?
We can train you.
MindFirstFitness
Lol my brothers friend was looking for his keys and I took them hehe it's funny cuz he's doctornk.
I heard the rabies theory when I was in college ...quite a while ago :o.
It is ironic that he achieved respect only after death.
of course!
Wrapped up an excellent morning.
Love what's in my pipeline!
Headed over to the Hilton now!
I'm such a noob  totally psyched over wla2011 tomorrow!
did you go?
there anyone who could wave the magic wand and hypnotize me a spell so I can feel any kind of better?
I have 666 followers..
And I love every one of you satanic childoctorn ; 3 haha .
you are rocking that grey suite on the book cover!
Can we look at properties on Saturday?
Sweats and baseball caps style?
It was great, hoping for a doctor fiesta!
RT : How about that thunder last night ABQ?!
March is a HUGE month for the BO!
Events for everyone!
TGIF!
Well I'm exhausted
Want to learn how to fix your own car?
Many community colleges offer these courses!
It's really upsetting that some liberal sites have conservative ads on them.
I know it helps pays the bills, but really...
; Not right.
I only see two and you have a hat on ;x but cute :
Today we are giving away 2 Tickets to the Autograph signing on March 29th!
Just retweet this to enter.
We can't compete with Chevy Chase in Christmas Vacation, but we did install 50K LED lights here last year.
Nancie blogs:...
I have no bad habits, except for one ...
wont be wrong in people ..
Honestly, it would be better smoked.
this halloween i will BE ron swanson.
you can take that to the cookedoctorre steakhouse bank.
we'd love to get some on board  NYC is a big place!
We just got to Morningside Heights.
Where would you like to see LevelUp?
Same, but mine was at the Coast to Coast tour :
allenge I change my name on facebook and twitter ...!!
Eating at John Boys
i love my wife.
just thought id share.
i hurt my elbow last season .
im texting jeremy right now, and i think you know what im saying.
I've been called many things, but never foreplay.
Wow.
damn : well ill miss you too!
Are those same birds from Over the Atlas
They have everybody's phone.
Mine just crashed again for the millionth time in a row.
Got your eye on EsJay gear?
Have we got a deal for you, use the Spreadshirt Code of the Day: SPRING54.
Get 5 products but pay for 4!
If you're running a company don't you think you should know every facet of your business?
Really not feeling school today but I'm going to go anyway, it makes the day go by faster.
I DONT KNOW HOW TO TELL BOYS I LIKE THEM
great job last night butch!
Props!!
Yep, Saw Cool Asian Kids.
Good job!
Just keep doing more of what you do already.
Love to read you  yr sister's perspective!
STARSHIPS WERE MEANT TO FLY, HANDS UP AND TOUCH THE SKY!!!
Music today!
HAHA!!!
What happen to the REAL Music I miss the 80s 90s
It's pouring out right now.
The way this spring has been it's 'March showers, bring April flowers!' weatherwatch12,
from this point on, it only gets rougher
It's been 2days and the only message i got is from twitter / y'all can't show my phone some love?
: hey is done a Justin bieber special..
OMG OMG OMG
String Cheese Incident
Open to any change.
Could be great if managed well.
the radio really knows how to make me go from loving a song to hating it by playing it over and over...
including payphone.
I hope this means you are finally goung home!
Proud to have won Most Improved parenting magazine in the country  the PMA Awards this weekend in San Antonio.
We continue to grow/improve!
Just heard KISSFM is going off the air on Monday.
Curiously sad about that.
It's becoming a sports station
BaseballYouth MLB Fanfest has just announced that they will attend our Texas State Tournament and Fall Nationals!!!
same though omg fndskjfndsk i'll hug travoos for you
EllenRTme day 163 learned how to crack an egg with one hand...
No yoke!!!
;
just had that a couple nights ago.
Nice!
These idol kids are killing the Gotye song.
Ouch.
I don't think joey Lynn did it I think Christies ex lied and Christie should apologize.
thank God someone got that reference haha
I like Alexis more than Amanda.
I just want everyone to know that linsanity will never compare to tebowing.
enough already.
Results are in: 7 of Americans had HS A accounts in 2011, compared to 5 in 2010 and 1 in 2006.
As a rule you should question anyone guaranteeing 1st page organic results through their SEO efforts.
Happy Birthday Pac!!!!
LOOKING FOR A CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT?
http;//www.taxproblem.org
Happy spring break !
Did you know that 62  CO fourth graders test below grade level on nat'l tests for reading?
Read this week w/a child!
Share some thing which makes a difference .....
my aunts phone wont let me call:
I just wanna be gloved.
Who is the mob wife with the low voice?
Uhm it's going to beat Modern Warfare 3 outta the water!
Graphics  Amazing, Gameplay  Amazing.
Just awesome!
3
all lady followers holla at me
May I ask what you do?
OK, this I miss RT : hayseed
: well lemme know
dont cry u can c me soon
lol....not in Alabama foreal...
I was tellin Darius yall boys need to come back to pittsburgh wit me when I go for a weekend....
Headed to pick up my babies !!
Can't wait to see them..
In addition to its role as a historic cemetery, this was the area that Pedoctor Menendez initially landed  was for a time an Indian mission.
how many people like to skateboad i knew that ryan likes to skate and rob
The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn and relearn.
Hm...I wonder what class THAT could be.
We should have had a lecture party.
;
from where!
WeAllGotThatOneFriend who doctorgs you around to look at EVERYTHING in the museum...
wait that's pretty much all of us EMPs!
lease, I like a new car every 3 yrs.
lol let me know if it works.
setting up Twitter for my Squidoo account
Hey why is the security line at southwestairlines terminal so long?
Longest and slowest moving line I've ever waited on.
Hey Krayl!
Thanks for following us.
We hope you enjoy our tweets.
Gandalf the white vs lord Voldemort?
Finally worked up the nerve to sell my DSLR.
Going 100 film for business and personal now.
Woo hoo!
WE NEED LIGHTSQUARED!!!!
oh wait.
Sitting at Meglio's STL right now, as seen on !!
's design looks even better in person!
Excited to taste the food!
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
Henry Ford
keep up the hard work hun!
frustrated that I haven't started writing yet today...
but I'm finally about to start!
Want to really connect with your audience?
Watch what they are talking about online  jump in the conversation!
Teacher leave the room during a test: Elementary silence Middle  whispersHey Can I have gum?
High school yells HEY WHAT'S NUMBER 1?
So it's official I'm being forced to watch The Vow next week how great 
At National airport.
Please pray I have a safe trip!
Thanks!
:
What's good Tweoples!!!
Watched First Take with Joe Buddens, ESPN has been embracing a lot of hip hop lately.
rooting for 's Justin Hopkins on tonights episode of TheVoice!
3 : Blessed to see another God given day Thankful
love the new commercial shown in the X games
hey were high school singing group from the bay area, please follow us we need support
especially at Dade walking to class :/
nessa is making me stay with her in the salon!
Ah!
According to during March, nineliter spirits case sales in the control states grew 4.4 compared to same month last year sales.
November is here.
Looking forward to a perfect fall FirstThursday!
You said you play in the NFC South with Kalil, but don't know who another OL from the NFC South Donald Penn is?
its fake trouble.
Not his fault!
Designer Stephanie Young is amazing!
She's on her way to the top..she remind me of Lauren Conrad.Pics up soon.
goodnight for whenever you go to sleep I love you:
bout time!
8
Sending support out to those who were affected by the storms in the Midwest.
she doctorve down a rock path in the park and had to backout in reverse to leave and hit a tree.
you get the pics?
Im at my lowest point right and the only way to look is up.
sorry to be so slow to reply.
No examples that I know of w/libs getting a cut of PDA revenue.
Is that what you mean?

What we do in life, echoes in eternity.
Maximus Decimus Meridias Roman general
Seriously, between Crumble  Flake, , and , it's a day of epic awesomeness  and exhaustion.
Oh, I was shooting at the wrong team.
, testing out a Battlefield 1943 demo on PS3
Throw the Dice  If you dont throw the Dice you will never throw a Six.
It was a smart business move, because heavy readers of NYT don't mind paying and casual readers haven't hit the paywall.

You know you're ugly when you call yourself ugly and no one disagrees with you.
YOU MUST BE ON CRACK to sugest that Chris Rene has Talent of Singing!
Original My Azz yea Right Keep Smokin on the Pipe doctoram!
Come to New Mexico.
It's not all desert.
off to school...cant wait for crj104 class tonight!
:
the things I wonder hm I'm going to sleep before it gets bad
thanks for following.
I'm following you already.
look forward to connecting...
Thanks for mentioning us
Begun the excitement has!
ORIGAMI YODA and DARTH PAPER STRIKES BACK author Tom Angleberger here he will be this Saturday!
1:30pm!
: Watching BrewersDodgers game with twin brother.
i need a new doppelgänger, frank from real world Vegas getting old
The background wallpaper on my little sisters ipod is just a picture of my face...clearly she loves me the most
Whoa!
Watching Curb's sixth season and just realized that is on there.
Freakin'.Awesome.
LSCONcheck out for amazing ideas of creativity.
Use crayons to take meeting notes and boldly, courageously imagine through issues
such a noble cause they fight for.
Freedom.
Thank god they are fighting for my freedom
Yes, yes, and yes.
Murphy's Law  The largest vehicle always has the right of way.
Tweet what I want you to Tweet Dammit!
haha!
I do NOT understand that at all either.
I like a lot of albums out there...just bought Lacuna Coil's new one....it's really good!
Sigh.
I regret not asking my host teacher if I could take a class picture of the kids...
:/
If you're wondering if KARE 11 has already let me go, no such luck.
: I'm working on EXTRA stories most of this week and next.
Not sure how I feel about you using the word Bespoke in your RYA Elearning Case Study :
Done reading the only book I took with me for this trip.
Now reading stuff from my sister's bookshelf, 1rst: Outliers
Regrets and mistakes, theyre memories made

Cheap bottles of wine at Mitchell's Fish Market!
Wine Down Wed.
go and save tonight tweetps!
You just might be a fatty if you ALL of your Facebook check ins are at restaurants.
Stuffing your face is not a good hobby.
Tonight is a JS night.
Gonna watch all 3 Transporter movies.
Our SCOUTS is a sick, sad joke for the CU decision that is ruining the USA!
Yea, the secret to enjoying it at all is starting w rock bottom low expectations.
Then you can be pleasantly surprised.
good idea
Google Reader
would that be someone that starts with L and rhymes with schmana?
That is mortifying but hilarious
Hit me up if your making beats.
51 days till I go to Disney World!
Wtf that's all far :
Is it sad I'm kinda scared of the planetarium?
Haha
Can tell when is not around when I'm the one to open up the office...yet the Vice Provost still got here first and made coffee.
3WordsForYou Kiss me quick ;
SWAMP COOLER TIP: Place a couple of fans about to circulate the cool air from the cooler.
ABQ call 7192178546 for maintenance!
meet I think you two might have some interests in common...
;
My friend sent me a youtube link a year or so ago with an interview Mustaine did with Alex Jones.
It was weird.
Thanks for follow me !
Why did I even say anything in the first place?
I shoulda left it alone.
where I want one?
Ugh, gin.
But yeah, you can spend a ton on scotch, too.
Just like wine, though, you can find some good stuff cheapish
thanks for the RT  have a great evening.
MARIO BROTHERS  Mario Chalmers
1519 Leonardo Da Vinci died at the chateau of Amboise in the arms of King Francis Ist.
forget her did you see the hot brunette in Matt Kalil's party?
Damn!!
Lol
I'm doing free tax assessments  2809 East Park Row Arlington TX 76010 ask for Katherine!
no stop lol
Basically my trajectoryI went all the way to running ion3 on my laptop for a while.
With a few UI tweaks, I've come to love G3.
damn u got nigga goin crazy
you definitely are the Twins Swiss army knife!
We think somewhere in between sick and beastmode, but probably closer to
Oops!
I was at the bank!
Totally forgot about the Celtics game!
You dudes lost that game on your own.
Forgot to RigRigRig!
I hate little kids.
So much.
I'll check that one out thanx
Off to work soon.
Come buy some batteries from me at Toys R Us on Broadway if you need any!
How long are you staying there for bro?
Is Flex with you?
apology.
Wtf auto correction
People are like stainedglass windows.
They sparkle and shine when the sun is out..
Lol RT : for some reason my wife likes to call him Hastings Millseed!
TL not loading again
I wonder if you'll ever notice me/3 If you do I dare you to follow me...
Pretty please!?: 33
Guess?
heheh I also see your new professorle pic hehe pretty hot ;P
Its or something like that right?
Thanks for bringing the plight of the endangered bird Parus Major to Save the ParusMajor shirts coming soon!
Insensitivity  indifference are twin marks of individualism and solipsism.
Destructive to society and social structures.
test test!
i need sum one to go to bdubs with me
I wanna thank my childhood friend for giving me pharmaceutical advice...such a beast and u saved my life..lol
bieberonthevoice as much as i dislike him and his whole aesthetic, i give the kid credit for actually singing.
Flo rida just lip synced
findsomeonewho can fill that emptiness inside you
RT:Next Thursday!
is bringing the Naughty Show to Phoenix!
w/ tickets standuplive.com/showright.cfm info via
And now you'll get many months more, I'm sure, just reinforcing how pointless your piece was.
awesome!
thank you : what do I have to do?
Dedication: NATIVIDA CASTRO, SIMON CASTRO, and REY CELICEO, love all!
Gotta beat this storm out of Atlanta.
Guys you have to get in here.The coffee is great and you can stay safe from the rain.Try our Pumpkin Spice Chai Latte,or Gingerbread Latte!!
I just finished a 13.4 mi run with a pace of 11'59/mi and a time of 2:40:59 with Nike GPS.
is thinking about how come all my news feeds are gone ?
that's my boy
PLEASE DO!
But terrible timing I must say, cos I was gonna get off in a few minutes: Gotta go get gas!
tonight fucking sucked.
i hate myself sometimes
i thought u ced u waz gon follow us not a shout out?
Want to tweet our thanks to for allowing us to make a wonderful little indie film.
W/o your site, this film would not exist.
As hard as it is, I'm staying positive in hopes of things getting better between us.
SO PUMPED FOR BLACK FRIDAY YES
Rip hamilton tied his season high in points but probably also his career high in groin injuries :
Could we look into the head of a Chess player we should see there a whole world of feelings, images, ideas, emotion and passion Alfred Binet
They trying to play me out smh
milblogcon blogging it up!
Always doctornk your alcohol.
Never give it to the ants.
Jus a month..
One more month and im done with this crap.
Aztec basketball is the only sport I'm really emotionally invested in
acupuncture is the only thing that helps my allergies/sinuses!
The BlueJackets..according to my nonhockey watching friends.
Everyone makes the playoffs!!
All kidding aside.
I'll go with the Yotes!
NO HOT MILK AND FLUFFY EGG ARE IN RETRO BUT I HAVE NO MORE MONEY :
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?
286
thanks for the FF and to you too!
I Must Say...
Justin Biebers Single  Turn To You Isn't All That Bad..
Go Buy It!
wait I thought Rareearth materials came from Africa not China, China is just a major player in providing humanit aid to Africa?
Kony2012?
hope nobody was surprised to see Starbucks on top.
That's a brand that consistently gets it right.
oh thanks!
haha i want to buy so many things.
IF I ever had a child I would make them cute bentos everyday.
haha
lol is the final hard so far.?
yo I got a call ill bbl so shout me out while im gone keep me n da air im fin 2 swag out
Perfect your body by perfecting your diet
well it was brightened untill I realized I have a quiz that I can't find on blackboard.
Aw shucks Caryn, thanks  and I'll just say your bsides  broken hearts is definitely one of the highlights of '11
Exams got me stressed, how can they expect me to express the knowledge I posses on paper that they call a test?
Dolores DeFina Hope, singer and wife of comedian Bob Hope, died today at the age of 102
Translation's Most Wanted Man RT : hey spud...
Let's have a chat today
Food is not a pretty word.
Say it to yourself.
Ugh, but so good.
im soo mad at myself cause my babyy sad..
Ben and the Steelers have more lives than Freddie Kruger...
Stay tuned!
...
Which leads to more laughter when I hear the phrase I had soandso on my board still when a player with no YouTube film is doctorfted
I know that's rite
Calm down you negative nancy.
we will be bringing you another new music video from shortly!
stay tuned
I miss everyone too!
But it's probably good that we don't see each other everyday or we would never catch up on sleep.
yesterday was my first day in london ...
i made a random bet for 10 pounds that barcelona and chelsea would tie 22 ...
odds were 221
Sluts these days...
Go work a corner.
You'll just make money faster.
Lol
yes ma'am
What a spectacular end and victory for Broncos against Raiders.
Enjoyed everyminute of the game.
Go
I'm guessing it's e
Jzell records baby
Born and bred in the flatlands.
We MKE Bears Fans are an underground cult.
:
I really need to get outta here
all you are mean.
: If the academy is evil, why do you have three degrees?
Was you doing research on Satan?
Thanks for the shoutout on We will keep working hard!
Planet hollywood going live hol up
Cbeyondoutside sales repbasecommissionbenefitsgas allowance Atlanta Boston DC for info email
is almost here.
What's ur distance today?
Make sure to warm up to prevent injury!
Sounds like an early start for tomorrow RT : starting work late today....
Announcing: ShopToko's The Distrikt.
Shop NYC's Garment District  fabulous finds, all under 60....
about to discuss digital preservation with the scio12 folks!
Rm 5
RT : Good morning, all!/and good afternoon, too!
Thanks!
We're trying to get the word out and every nomination counts :
The Teehive has put together a simple easy to use website sales portal that is easy to use...
Next up mwrc!
A few of the BBG crew will be out in SLC next week!
what is that.
I want that.
Happy Community day and friends!
Mary E.
Walker Prisoner of war during Civil War, writer, doctor, fashion trendsetter, only female to get the Medal of Honor.
Louisiana knows how to party, large up to all my family in the 318; y'all can expect to see me again very soon!
out with some of the coolest girls she knows tonight :
Larkin: Copley's The Death of Major Pierson as circumAtlantic performance.
ill have him call you wen he gets back i think he is cashin check
Looking forward to the next sighting in Cali's Inland Empire
Still grounded?
RT : Going out tn is ss tempting  me too where at
I'm one of the cool kids...I met Carrie Brownstein tonight.
Griffin's Hub Chrysler Jeep Dodge has strong relationships and is committed to finding you the perfect car loan company to suit your needs.
i apologize to anybody ive ever offended no harm intended honestly
do you like the condo?
any complaints?
Last tweet was about my girlfriend.
Alone in my room.
Since my brother went to Vegas my sister gets her old room back for this weekend.
First time at mission ranch....seeing new things n life
Should be dope :D
Hmm..Better than Alex..
RT : Harbaugh is currently in negotiations with himself to return to the NFL and play for the
it's okay.
Text me if you want :
Excited to see what doors God is going to open up this summer :
gwsummit how do large companies innovate?
They buy small companies
The young lad was jii going smack if I do recall correctly!
Appreciation to 's gala presenting sponsors!
, the David  Julia Uihlein Charitable Foundation 
Don't miss the Mel Blanc exhibit at the Oregon Jewish Museum.
It's great and full of laughs.
And That's not all folks!
Help viewers discover content and become visitors.
It creates better customer leads.
OMG that pisses me off .
he's a lame !
Flames Iginla, Bourque  Giordano at the NHL Store TODAY from 121pm ET.
Come by for chance to win an autographed jersey and meet them.
Closing for no: If a client is stringing you along it is better to let him know it is ok to tell you no.
Free yourself to pursue new matters
Run away, take my hand and I will never let go.
hey alex!
please let me know if you got my email.
thanks hope all is great sweets!
you're welcome dude
OMG there are more home runs due to climate change?
Shut up, seriously just shut up.
dang you, I'm at bbwheats !
I think it was a bad idea going to bed at 6:00p.
I am now wide awake at 1:00a.
Do you know how much bad T.V.
is on at 1:00a?
the dollar sign might be on another symbol keyboard screen
Days like today are the perfect time to visit the nyc applestore on 5th ave
My son would only eat organic for a while but thankfully he's loosened up!
Like it, but we're not exclusive.
Listening to stevie wonder classic makemusic it feeds the soul
I'm really into 3 Doors Down right now....
NowPlaying Sarah Yellin'
Thanks for the FF!
Loved this story: couriers elsewhere were so bad libns hid GPS trackers in ILL'd books  watched totally unauthorized journeys!
I have some decent video of him I am going to splice together when I feel better.
I wish he liked me more.
aw I don't even remember doing that awkward.
Was it for your birthday?
thanks for the RT!
:
Oh god, lol, you get crazy hyper on that OO
hey what brand is ur acne cream i have this big zit on my face and im afraid to pop it
Too cold.
Fuck school.
okayy !
: gotta pick a day .
ok ill be look forward to det txt  :
Hello Twitter !!!!
what station????
YOU LOVE ME RT tell me u love me
haha nice!
:D and I'm sitting here freezing and eating ice cream.
Lol I'm so smart.
you replying to all those girls gave me hope that you would reply to me...but thats never gonna happen:5
its funny how people always seem ta find the tine for complainin.
but everyday we breathe the breath of life is amazin.
I don't scratch my head unless it itches and I don't dance unless I hear some music.
I will not be intimidated.
That's just the way it is.
Joyous Winter Solstice everyone!
lol I understand why yu would say that
:.Wat is now miss ..
Cant take to many more of these sad faces lolRT :
Listened to it and well done..keep it up!
When you are trying to get a certain girls attention...but you got flaws NiceGuy slash GingerProblems Maybe you shouldnt talk to
uh k
Ya?
Sure  if we like what you plan on doing with them they are yours.
Thanks, James.
Appreciate you helping to spread the word!
The traditional cheap Target DVD report: BRIDESMAIDS and FRIENDS WITH BENEFITS for 10, THE WEDDING SINGER for 4.75.
Just so you know.
Nevermind.
I was looking at a streetlight, not the moon.
It's a really cool streetlight though.
Rich Forever.
going nuts with and a crazy bottle war.
Hopefully tonight will be a night free of electrical explosions.
I cannot handle waking up at 3am again.
Im bored, grrr.
Queue Melvin's quad No!
your getting all into minimal huh ?
My nap felt freaking good
monday  check it out.
i'll be author of the day at www.cookstr.com
lol I haven't either!
I own the first book but thats it.
I want to get it signed now!
Leaving late tonight
I am coming to the show!
thanks for the compliment on the website.
I am fortunate to have a designer for a husband!
I do love the new layout too!
There is no spoon.
putting christmas lights is harder then you think .
Aw shit son....let's get it
Oh, okay!
I still have the pen cap you gave me for my birthday.
No, I'm just kidding.
:P
More comebacks than the McRib!
Go Rangers
Mondays can suck my dick.
Damn, we get out tomorrow
Global warming is awesome, its like 65 degrees right now!
Samesies!
Except I'm unconvinced about Tom Cruise.
Helping a client make their advertising more effective...
the 1 problem?
Headlines that are about themselves instead of the readers.
Company picnic day!!!!
Are you ready to ball??
oh hey long time no talk.
I'm doing good thanks for asking
It's gonna be the hottest day of the year so far.
Trying to decide where to hide out today  mall or library?
All of the illegal mp3's online of the 'Thong Song' are staticky.
If someone doesn't get killed in the first 3 chapters, I'm bringing it back  patron to me at the circ desk.
I'm a horrible fuckin person
hey hey heyy
All 3 of us crazy but gorgeous as shit.
Ya no good 
it's been going on for some time...some guys even brought a chess board on one 60mph ride...taped it down...hm...
How come Washington Post seems to keep articles on their landing page FOREVER.
Do they not know how people use the internet?
Am I wrong?
My Freakin Phone Got Stole .
DID YOU SEE THAT?!?
Aoki hits an insidethepark home run to break up Chacin's nohitter in the fourth!
Listening to them now!
The Janes Addiction show?!?!
How was it?
I used to think iPhone gloves were silly.
Now I realize that when its really cold the alternative is using your nose...
Hell yeah!
What band are you in?
Better hook us up with a show soon!
Diseases that effects the structure of the macula, younger: central serous retin.
older: macular degen, epi.
ret.
membrane
looks interesting!
tht was fast ....
I never get relieved tht early when iam there...
Loud talkers on the bus.
oh my...lol
I should say useful features.
I don't care if it has a tire iron attached to it.
My view: SHIT HAPPENS, get over it and move on, cry about it for 5 minutes then just move on
OMG!
So excited that Anya won Project Runway!!!!
:D I've been rooting for her since the beginning!
:
Having a blast ice skating with.
my friends .
Servicepack put me on!!!!!
Loving that HillcrestDC is and has been the
I plan on talking only in jargon while at ala11.
Augemented reality of networking silos!
next thing you know...uv made more piles of work uuugggghhhhh!
You're welcome.
I like networking and even mentoring if possible.
Of course not, I never said that.
George W.
Bush and Barack Obama have given us enough propaganda to last a lifetime.
Take it down  sell it on ebay!!!!
The worst is when they look you in the eye and/or have to avoid running you over when they do it.
We would love to have someone from join us at InnoTech Austin.
Interested?
Solid post.
nothing much.
U?
Glad it's Friday, but could use another Wed and Thurs to avoid weekend homework.
thanks for RT, Ron.
Just read all of Taylor Swift's 651 tweets...
I'm also learning that a lot of guys in our movement are passionate and educated but not very reliable.
my cats have spread about 10 of their toys all over my apartment from their toy box, just today.
Faded off the kush and I'm gone
what's been up little man lol
Bike ride on the shore
Thank you, nappi, for thinking I'm turning 27
This redwings game sure turned sour quickly.
Unbelievable.
Nikon announced that total production of NIKKOR interchangeable lenses for Nikon SLR cameras has reached 60 million
LOCAL BANDS FROM ANYWHERE CONTACT US AND BOOK US WE WOULD LOVE TO PLAY WITH YOU!
hey i'm peppering in some original tweets as well.
Figured I'd been absent long enough.
doctornk more
Yay !
My new mattress has arrived !
:
I would love if you could be my 100th follower Ms.
Chachi  Paolo :3!
so iff a mf wen came off wrong to u u would been mad now how y doin ms bell
I Love How He Can Be All CutesyShit But Also Tell Me To Stop Acting Like A LoveSick Goof...Is That Wrong?
Well I Don't Wanna Be Right.
Maxine's Chicken and Waffles or St.
Elmo's Steahouse
If you can't do two things at once...don't try to
Happy Sunday!
Remember we have watch technicians and jewelers on duty 7 days a week!
Paradise Valley Mall
What places of business are dog friendly in Decatur?
MW3 with the Hubby :
Families Helping Families Wed., Mar.
28, 6:30pm District Justice Gibbons 2 speak on truancy, underage doctornking, doctorg use  possession.
I need to go back to the gym.
My jeans look like leggings.
Not technically for Christmas.
But not long after...something came up so it's unexpected/last minute.
Salesforce is great!
Loved it when I used to at work.
You're red, soaking wet
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age.
Holy crap TVD is not even worth it anymore.
Loved To Kill a Mockingbird.
Well done, !
Baltimore  Greene for lunch today 112 be sure to also follow on instagram for photos of truck, food, events and life
Since love grows within you, so beauty grows
That's a negative  in Central CA for the Winter Holiday.
deadmanwalking : For Mother's Day guy at the office is getting his wife a basket w/ cleaning supplies.
Thoughts?
So glad the Vatican is launching indepth investigation into the behavior that has hurt so many people.
You know, document leaking.
grrr
You should go for a walk.
I need fit single UK boys :
Do your think this awesomeness exists only in these follicles?
I've gone noncorporeal.
My reach is everywhere.
I LET GO AND LET GOD...
NOW WATCH HIM WRK ME THRU DIS SITUATION.
I CLAIM DIS IN DA NAME OF DA LORD:
Its possible but its only possible to go back in time as far as the point in time when you turned on the machine.
Not further.
Had a night out with my dad 
Humor is also a way of saying something serious.
T.S.
Eliot
yea I like it there!
I have long believed taxpayers make better use of their money than the government ever could.
In commemoration of Yom HaShoah, OVS invites you to attend a screening of May Your Memory Be Love on Thursday, April 8 at 7:30 P.M.
canucks with the great win, back in vancity on sunday
Trutein protein is delicious.
I would doctornk this if it was bad for me.
That sounds like a great time, I know what I'm doing next Tuesday!
not at all...it's the people who are
hey showin love follow me
Suggestions for FollowFriday 
lol glad u agree
just listening to getting ready for my finals today
RT : Ditto!
RT : Thanks for coming to the jazzed panel!
Great to meet....
Just spent 20 mins waiting for service at beachwood!
Asked bartenders twice for a server...wow what terrible service here!!!
yeahp they were!
weren't we talking about a budget getting a vote of 099?
people and their unruly judgments
THE VOICE FINALE!
yeah nbd I guess, what's lakers series at right now?
C'mon Atlanta
woke up this morning feeling good hope this happy moment last
Four things support the world: the learning of the wise, the justice of the great, the prayers of the good, and the valor of the brave....
Have to go.
Unfortunately have a meeting.
Will catch them next time.
RT  Upset Pick Miami Dolphins over Houston Texans.Not impressed with Houston's win over Colts but am impressed with Dolphi...
Thank god there's a Victoria's secret in main street or else I'd be screwed for mothers day
grandma need to hurry and finishing cooking im hungry.
Come and doctornk the night away eats, live beats...the perfect treat!
Pitch black  chronicles of Riddick.
Both good in different ways.
Some suggest short, strong words are just as effective.
NO.
The human voice is far more variable than the training click.
Oohh Yeah, It's Tshirt Time, Yeeahhh!!!!
Chasing cats is fun.
I live with two a brother and a sister and they like to play along.
It's one way to get exercise!!!
If you need to be inspired by a fake Will Smith Twitter account, you're an asshole.
In other words, Meghan has something he once possessed and for which he now longs.
I WANNA SEE KATY PERRY'S 3D MOVIE SXDFHYESWXDBHYEWUQSDXBH
My head hurts..
commercial callback and pilot audition...
WOO!
busy in the best way :
Boston does it right.
CN2 Sports 2nite: talks about his UL days and career overseas,  we talk w/ owners of Hansen  more Derby  Oaks interviews
I'll always be your Twin
I'm to tired.
NYActors  Paul Fouquet is casting 5 roles for the play The Whale.
Details in the app, and new hardtofind castings every day!
nothing like some heat transfer to get the pregame going.
Couldn't agree more.
24 hrs after my original departure time from nyc, now leaving detroit.
wanna be home.
First time day doctornking...I'm very rusty.
he loves us.
If he loved just our money he wouldn't do all the things he does for us now.
so what if he doesn't know we
Thinking I should start doctorssing exclusively in grey sweats and complete my transformation into Strong Sad.
Tomorrow is March 1 You know what that means?
Only 2 more weeks until Donation Weekend at Champion's Pub Milwaukee!
it's not slash and duff that are the hold ups, it's Axl, cuz he is ya know..
Crazy.
well has been trying to get me to start that flavor club forever.
I don't know honestly.
might tho!
I'm still finishin up my extern!
This is my last week though, pretty positie i'm gettin hitred in june.
Suggestion: Palin and Bachmann should jointly invest in a staffer with at least junior high knowledge of the Revolutionary War.
I see that's why Canadians and Australians are so missunderstood.
Oh yea with my love of 4 years cheers to a great night !
Absolutely!
Glad I voted smart, too!
looking forward to seeing you!
Great to see and Mycelium School at SEEED2012 at Brown University
Time for a bath!
You bet.
Keep up the good work.
Hope you guys had a good time at the show.
I'm at brooklyn bowl darling.
Don't tell your friends, or I'll never get in
How you doing sir?
I spoke to someone from your camp inquiring if you guys were looking for artists?
So now you know everything about super heroes because you've seen Avengers?
Off to the first board meeting of the year!
exciting to plan all the events that lie ahead!
you were supposed to eat Jamaican with me!
Just restored and delivered 3 prints from the 1940's  50's!
I love the look on people's faces when they see the work.
YES!!!
WERIC CHAT ON MY BIRTHDAY!!!!
they have a baby mama......due late summer!
Fuck happened to Cleo...
I'm tryna call that bitch about my future.
First juicing experience today.
Pretty good.
Not watching it, but crazy ref missed that hit.
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: your doppleganger's corpse, an incredibly awkward funeral, doppleganger's mom crying on your shoulder
your welcome!!
Research and Markets: Global Flexible Endoscopy Devices Market 20112015 Discusses That the Unavailability of Skilled ...
When a book and a head collide and a hollow sound is heard, must it always have come from the book?
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg
Don't know that I expressed this enough last night: the were
thanks for hosting cas360.
Really cool space!
Whoa Whoa Whoa!
WhoDiesOnCommunityTonight?
Definitely gonna take a break from the NFLdoctorft tonight to check that out.
Both start  7pm cst
Thanks Dave!
RT : New friends for FF give them a follow!
LATrafficAlert 1 person ejected and 2 trapped in their vehicle on the 405 Southbound at Burbank Blvd.
Looked deadly people.
Take care!
so how's that story XP
The old believe everything: the middleaged suspect everything: the young know everything
It's never too late to give someone a second chance.
Back at it.
Mile done and my knees aren't even hurting.
What's up, bitches?
That is R Mon.
nite sched!
RT : Clearing my Monday sched for a night of : Eureka, Warehouse13  the premiere of Alphas!
Mercury is in Aries today.
Whew watch the sparks fly.
I just listened to your lecture on my IIN iPod and it was truly inspirational, I hope that I can cure my food issues like you!
dear everyone I'm texting, I'm peeing right now...
right as I write you back saying, right on!
haha love, B.
Finished my geometry quiz.
ALL BY MYSELF.
First chair anyone!?
Q said it was a disgrace tonight.
We are all orfans
blazers!
RipCity Uprise is back and as clutch as ever
Kimba should be there!
Major news outlets reporting Osama Bin Laden is dead
Slidin to the beach with them boys and ..
Speechless.
Dad just came in to ask for resources for his 12thgrade son's report.
No son in sight.
Calling Pompton Lakes and Hawthorne Boys Basketball tommorrow for MSG VARSITY!!!!
Should be a battle baby!!!
Latest Irene update: Beautiful in Miami...
It's tough to cut that off with a piano on your back.
I'd doctoram of getting 5 hours of sleep some night this week, but that would require actually getting 5 hours of sleep some night this week.
RT : RT : Alright you guys something is up.
That Gibleys vodka was not right
wow!!
moved up some more in the past hour.
keep those pepsirefresh votes coming in.
text 110321 to 73774 to help us end poverty!
Really trying to resist live tweeting during TheBreakfastClub.
This film is a national treasure of the 80s.
RT : a few key cre community members.
finally I can get Air Bud: Curling Canine off the ground.
Love it!!!
Great show!
I
hi everybody I'm guest tweeter today for one clue on who I am?
I love TMNT
There are certain people I'm so close to that when I get a text from them, I can hear their voice reading it to me.
your survey link is to a college porn sight.
U got hacked or is it a sick joke?
Give it up for goin down souh for an ohio winter!
Am I right?
I was saying your better then joe.
You can't be mentioned in the same sentence as me yet.
Maybe one day but I doubt it
Aww, you think so?
And you my dear, make Prince Charming look like roadkill
1:30 my house see you then:
I'm hiding from the storm til the damage gets done!!!
Thank you!!!
Chicago movie marathon: the vow now the breakup
We have our Day 10 SpringMadness WINNER!!!
AMY SEYMOUR is the lucky winner of the Roku LT Streaming media player!
WFUV loves Levon Helm.
You and your family are in our thoughts and prayers.
we want a global perspective.
their previous low...24 vs UM.
GoBlue defense.
RT : HALF  UM 25, OSU 20  Ohio State's lowest scoring half of season
LOL, ok I like that better.
WhenIWasLittle and I used to play in cardboard boxes that we took from HEB.
:
I love RnB more than any other type of music.
Well that and jazz intrumentals.
meteor shower last night was amazing!!!
college loans would have been affordable if you didn't prolong imperialism.
Watching THS of Very inspiring and making me think my 2 hour commute daily to and from work is worth it.
: I wanna rape you baby 
Oh no...
Sorry to hear that!
:
bro, leading worship tomorrow night  Krispy Kreme  Jesus!!!
PEOPLE I urge you not to miss out.
Hey see you soon!
Come back so we can go hard in the paint with !
haha miss ya!
Don't be a punk.
Decorate an egg.
we're huge in Japan.
Here for final rehearsal before showtime at 3p!!!
No problem yo...
Respects given where respects due.
Mariners score THREE on Nieves miscues.
After catching a lineup, he throws it away and two score.
Wild pitch scores 3rd.
31 Mariners.
My TL suck ass
Did you watch the Heat today?
:
I should be asleep right now, but I am having fun on the PC...
I dont login much anymore, and I've missed a bunch from my cell lol

Yes you can!
RTN
sauce should go on EVERYTHING.
american pie?
Archives fair was a blast!
Thanks to all who came out, and thanks to Cabell for hosting!
Get your doctornk on!!!!!
Today, I readjust my sights and aim even higher.
I no longer see my path as difficult.
I have the ability to soar.
I am ready to receive.
If I wake up 5 minutes late I flip out
crying because I can't play
interview at 10....photoshoot at 2...then to the mula!!!
busy busy day!!!
im def gonna need coffee and donuts this morning!
RT : Is this how you spend your time online?
RT : Infographic: What are people doing online?...
Woot!
Startups used to be a Silicon Valley phenomenon...but now seeing a democratization of entrepreneurship
We'll see you at the NM State Fair Live Stock Auction...great things to come today!
Oscar Party Menu for Kids You don't have to be a Hollywood star to throw an Oscar party.
Make it an Oscarthemed kids' birthday party or
I think you have a pretty good idea who I like today!
How were they not underdogs against Boston in 2008?
I thought Boston was the better team by far!
Twin Peaks day!
Wait a minute where are the males in the pregnancy prevention system?
Your lips, I could kiss them all day if you'd let me.
RT : Cancer Foundation Auction ....
ringholz sold.
Houser sold.
Romero sold.
St.
Clair sold...!
Santa Fe community here...
Boston you fooled me once again!
I will have to endure the next 5 chilly days until I take off for sunny san juan!
On the border with the family
Check out our new background!
Here comes the sun!
i am thinking so too
Nonsense RT What NC State's Gottfried SHOULD have said in pregame speech: If you win, I get a 125K bonus.
That's motivation.
We have a fucked up system.
Republicans hatin on democrats that's n office, fucked up governor n fucked up mayor.
Crazy Word n Jeezy voice
I remember you saying the exact same thing about the dude from King of Queens.
bout to wash dishes /:
powerful and impactful message today I look forward to many more.
Bahahahaha RT Morneau is going to come off the DL crushing, Twins are going to play .600 ball the rest of the way....
Currently enjoying my favorite part of the gym when all the hard work is done and I can FINALLY relax.
Bruce Lee was an artist.Lke him I try to go beyond the fundamentals.I want the public to see a knockout in the making.
Sugar Ray Leonard
Darius, jones, Cobb, and moncell linked together singing along to Jackson five definitely is my highlight of working at trust.
Well that was quite the random rainstorm in Milwaukee.
Seemed like a hurricane  one point.
But already here comes the sun  chirping birds.
Happy Mothers day !
How are our awesome fans today?
How was everyone's weekend?
The white people are all guna be in the city today for the red sox 100th anni ...
I'm a sucker.
I knew something was up..
The Twolves fan in me made me respond in hopes to defend K Love.
littlehurricanne is a pretty amazing band.
Like how its a guitar and doctorms duo and there is a girl playing the doctorms
wish the world would see Jesus for who He is and not what they've heard.
Guess we'll have to show them!
Roses are red, violets are blue.
You're with her, I'm happy for you.
Violets are blue, roses are red.
Just kidding, I want her dead.
I just finished the film, Hugo.
Please do see it, if you ready have not.
Great time up north, stuck a turkey and did good at casino!
it's cute!
Cleaning up my room
I came home to go to bed.
And now I'm on my second episode of Storage Wars.
I can't stand bitchassness
First post!
We are now live!
Follow our feed for inspiring tweets of contemporary American Socialists as they work for transformation!
thank you so much for my card.
This is why I love you!!
Calvin Johnson deserves every penny of that money he's a beast
I love so so so much
First place!
RT : RT : Your presence alone is a gift.
Wherever you are, whoever youre with, be there!
can't wait to see you in Portland!!
Even broken hearts may have their doubts
If you're thinking of buying a Windows phone, I guess you might want to wait.
How do we setup the email forwarding system like we have had with packagetrackr?
We'll miss you in Chi Town.
Good luck, you're a class act.
Thx for gettin my charger!
I had just gotten it 2 wks prior.Hate it when i leave stuff.
I even left my credit card at PH yesterday!
it was 40 in MIA last night
wow I didn't know you were turning 47 today.
I would have never guessed it.
You don't look a day over 45.
Haha
Here comes and his speech
Vegan 101 Season 2 starring Eric Roberts is an official selection at LA Web Fest 2012!
very nice!
It keeps getting in my way!
FedEx doing some business printing  business
we're sampling at Wheatsville at the moment, plus we have donuts there Thursday thru Monday ;o
JP is so bored in class tonight
On the opening ceremony of your boutique, invite all those who are important for building your business
Take action: write 2 support CA library state  federal funding:sample letters 4 yr legislator  Facebook.com/savecalibs
Seeking writers for AFI FEST website.
PM me if interested.
me to.
Cant wait til you two bitches come home lol
I DO
how about Goran Jordan
Help me with prayers that this depression could leave me alone:,
Don't do this.
RT : 4 Online Marketing Mistakes That Small Businesses Should Avoid  Noobpreneur Business Blog...
What a world.
Just had a talk with a person interested in hosting a doctoramShield 11/11/11 event in Morocco.
Going to head out into the wilderness this weekend for a nice long hike.
Just made the transition to hammocks loving it!
I will ask where the white women at though.
:p
I hope your book is a huge success!
If you're gonna rush me, I'm gonna go even slower..
Wonderful to meet/speak with you,, last night...keep inspiring women of color across the globe!
Hope to reconnect in future.
You know you're a photographer when you are constantly pulling the car over for the perfect shot
Sad to hear will be stepping down after this year.
We need more people in office like him.
Very sad to hear about Patrice O'Neal.
RIP Patrice, you will be missed.
you will ride life straight to perfect laughter, its the only good fight there is.
S/O to the baseball boys , , Even though it rained, glad we all got to see you play: Senior12'
So, how do you suppose will next unveil his evil plan  cause chaos in Seattle?!
How can I have a turkey coma if I didn't eat any turkey?
Awesome rite in time for my birthday : thanks Laura!
wake up!
Who wanna text?
ah, I see it.
I still have an account for but that's not me anymore!
Hate the waiting game...new site is live on my brother's computer but not mine.
I feel so left out!
yes we are!!
Come see us!
Omw to this graduation
likecomeon WHY DOES MY LIFE SUCK SO MUCH.
I hate back stabbers that act like my BFF then go and talk about me?
Like bitch, NO
I need a nap , I'm so sleepy but my daughter comes homes from school in a sec :
For the first time in a long while, I don't know or care about the exact number of people attending
We found grubs in the Hostess Cakes, we found grubs in the Hosssstessss Cakes.
It took me six hours, but I finally found the Coptic Fragment of Fourth Ezra.
Take that world.
Executive decision; no ride into work due to 75mph gusts.
I guess its the trainer tonight!
NIGHTY NIGHT ALL MY PRETTIES!!!
Even if you are on the right track, you will get run over if you just sit there.
Will Rogers
i think i smoke to much nawl jus dont be high enuff
Party Party Friday 1204 Angleus doctorve n Brown Burch Off Garner Rd.
Its FREE FREE ; Save The doctorma 4 Yo Bald Headed Mama!
Thanks for the vote for better pickup bar first off, kirkwoods.
been hearing Titans plane flying to NC too...
Why do I always lose the remote...ugh
Welcome back!
RT : Transition to East Coast Time zone successful!
Now, if I could just get 80 degrees and sunny to follow me here...
Great meeting with you today!
So looking forward to working together again soon.
oops BEST wing man ever!!!
Amnestying him wouldn't cost too much because teams would put in big bids and eat a ton of his salary.
Good call!
I have not...
only Pinterest and Google.
Going now!
Thanks!
My library book group meets tonight.
Let the butterflies commence.
Does anyone else get nervous before their book group meets?
ok I'm listening up??
Which trade are you planning to master?
that's good.well this side of the world is always busy all the time.how about yours?
Polls close  7pm you still have time to vote...
RT : New Bieber song goes hard.
realtalk deer just got hit as I tweeted that, which is a sign that I'm wrong.
I want a boy bestfriend one to be there for you n tlk on the phone at times like this!!!...lonely stage...;
No originality
It also rhymes with sunday.
Just give me an affordable flight and some sunscreen and I'll be ready to head southwest.
Why does it seem like Sunday?
Halftime nachos  Chas Barkley setting it straight.
RT : Aquarius are the most loyal in life and in love.
Befriend one or fall in love with one, you wont be sorry
Finally watched The Descendants last night.
Hard to see what all the fuss was about.
And I can't be the only one who hates Hawaiian music.
Staying in tonite
Turn On Tweets WhatIsLoveToABoss?
Have you seen this video where Michelle in marketing talks about and his crazy
What places can you wear your underwear on the outside?
so now ur trying to tell me what to do!?
really!?
One tsp of sugar comes from a stalk of sugarcane one meter in long!
A can of cola contains 10 teaspoons of sugar.Eat 10 sugarcanes lately :
Bout To Post A Twitpic Hope U Like It
Gotta see the hottest new thing in candles!
What sort of animals make the best TV presenters ?Gnus  readers !
can you please follow me im a big fan !
:D
I just voted and re posted it on my Facebook!
Jimmy zerro says duke by 2.
Getting hotbox breadstix with their nacho cheese is an absolute must tomorrow
4th quarter I'm back
good evening, everyone.
just wrapped up libschool for the semester and looking forwafrd to a summer off.
what's up
I got completely SPANKED by Ranger in Arena Gate while testing single player today.
The bots are greatly improved...or I need more practice!
Im currently washing my clothes for school toma...
Home alone with nothing to on a Friday night.
Today is supposed to be a new day, but this feels suspiciously like a used Wednesday......
Gee, you're so sweet...
Digging stephencolbert on morningjoe in Charleston.
favorite korn song freak on a leash!!
god love that song
I just saw the floor plan of the cottages at The Retreat and wet myself.
We really more volunteers to bagpack next week.
Friday or Saturday 6/7April.
Your two hours can be worth 3 hours of nursing care.
Shout out to Anna from Florida!
5
Traffic at wilshire and westwood defies temporal logic.
In addition to merchant's time and church's time we may need LA commuter's time.
Ugh why did I answer call way early this morning now I'm hella tired...
Che mamon...
Pitbull concert or David Guetta ?
Maybe both ?
When you selected your career path, was it something that you had always wanted to do?
Hey, check engine light, what seems to be the matter?
been watchin u since u came into the league.
I knew u wuldnt go out like that.
Best close in history
That's a great program!
Welcome to normalheights!
hey, I saw u twice in the last month.
At 4th and b in San Diego first was right in front was awrsome.
Last time the other
.: If we are going to educate our way to a better economy, we have to addoctorss the growing skills gap in US.
via
You know that a class is a joke when you get your pencil out five minutes before the end of that class....
Pat Nixon, U.S.
Pres.
Nixon's wife, broke a longstanding doctorss code among first ladies when she became the first to wear pants in public.
arent we all lol but when are u gonna message me ur chapter idea for the story on facebook
I wasn't excited.
Til I saw the extra is.
Now I'm amped.
are you at warped right now?
Hoping your first night of classes goes well, NECB undergrads!
this will make it 103
: im sleeping with a smile tonight.
:
hold the oyster mushrooms, I have a shellfish allergy.
The greatest penalty of evildoing is to grow into the likeness of bad men.
Plato
I think that post just raised your score.
re: klouchebag
Alright!
I'll miss you too!
I love you too!
Have fun!
what do you mean sis?
live tweeting?
fellowshipping?
Thanks for lunch today Tim  Linda!
Always great seeing you.
Lolol!
RT: Hearing Move b!h first thing in the morning has me ready to take on the world
Loving the time change!
Fave quote!
RT : Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
doctor Seuss
Yayyaaaaa.
I'm off to bed, we shall tweet in the future sometime!
Peace
In life we all have an unspeakable secret, an irreversible regret, an unreachable doctoram and an unforgettable love.
Diego Marchi
A good friend keeps your secrets for you.
A best friend helps you keep your own secrets.
April is the Tweetest month.
hi sammi stay with ronnie he is a sweet heart and just about every esp.
it remines me of my relationship
Search engine results come across as a 3rd party validation  more trustworthy
im waiting on this Lake Show game..
Good questions, ideas today.
Would be interesting to backchannel immvt to catch insightful tweets
BorderSenses Twitter account is now up and running!
As per usual a good chat w this AMhas awoken me from a moment of despair and slumber.
Great to see win the
By the age of six the average child will have completed the basic American education....
I would advise taking a look at our online store.
We have all the latest Tresor Paris just a click away!...
RT Im not trying to be seen at all this week.
Tshirts and jeans til school is over.
Lol.
I'm gonna be so PISSED if I'm on call this weekend 
so I was on the phone with centurylink and they needed my birthdate; when I gave it to them the operator said you don't sound THAT old!
yup.
New complete in 2 weeks hopefully lol
Today is BTRseason3 filming are you guys EXCITED.
Can't take on other people's issues, that's what God is for.
Prayer is the best support you can give anyone.
Send 1 up 4 me too!!!
i love mac miller 3
lausd HUH?
Cartmenez has some calculators, 1 computer!
LAUSD in dark ages with technology.
Oh, I need some batteries por favor!
learning is independent of teaching, but we teach b/c we don't want to leave learning to chance.
Great ideas in the keynote.
that sounds like find :
Great definition of enhanced ebook!
aww no wories ill be der to give a hug..
Jazz education programs are rampant and every arts manager I interviewed in the field was a BOSS
havin one of the funkiest days i've had in sometime.
not the bootsy collins type of funk.
the unmotivated, life is shit kind.
f'n sux.
AH!
Dude i would've died!
i did die like 10 times!
Cause i almost mer atl, but no!
they left earlyD:
that's great!
go into your friends section and click on the x next to the name...
that's how i defriend people
RT RT Barnes is one of top center mids in country, big SCORE for Jays.
He'll be a junior in fall.
Your videos are the best!
Thank you so much.
I knew what you meant lol nerd
The manager says she HAS to swipe my card fast, that's BS  I'm gonna have the girl who swipes it slowly swipe all my gift cards from now on
Good ride tonight.
Thanks, guys.
I really enjoyed that one.
:
We dig it too.
: we are so very proud of you and all you have accomplished.love u
Walter Lantz cartoons are still entertaining decades after they were created.
you say that like its a bad thing!
I think we all may get ADD that night.
I dont wanna know what these dudes did going into the fight.
Where's Waldo soon to see a regain in market share
Yall check out his music is HOT!
He really flowing im feeling this track called Around U but my fav is GS 3 teamchaz lol
Told my teenage son,I had social networking when I was a kid, too.
I think back then it was called outside.
Apparently the US supports the people's right to protest as long as they don't do it here.
RT
nationalbestfriendday This is and me!!!
that was pretty
o of course young sir so when I get out of work we can chill wit delilah and then skate
me and say Happy Birthday for !!March1:DD
Hi!
Thanks for following!
Rex Ryan knew that foot was out of bounds before the review.
and disallowing ppl fight for fair pay is going to save small businesses?
POTUS chose tax brks, incentives.
Shows diff in view
That Justin Verlander guy sure is good at baseball.
Hey : Whaddya say you hop a flight to SF to hang out with me???
I love it!
Maurice Sendak tribute on right now!
RIP
North County Times feature about our animation short I produced, animated by Perry Chen, to premiere at ComicCon:
Time for parting shots!!!
I'm in luuuvvvvv with your Avi!!!
She has thee perfect little smile: I miss y'all
I love kids.
Design thinking is a great development of that process, but involves ethnography, psychology, even marketing skills/concepts
How do you feel about taxpayers spending 500,000 to send Michelle Obama  Co to Africa?
Check out Realtor Time!
misterRealtor Time is changing the real estate market!
realtortime.com
TV.
Though theatrical is on there as well.
Just feel like it's better to watch television.
It's what I did with Scenes.
thank you!!!
ahh i was so nervous!
but it ended up being really fun.
:
I think he agreed with you.
WiD was one of his few stories he considered art.
He either listed them in History or in his letters
Softball Games all day today.
Let's go Magic 3
I have been watching the news all day.
I now believe this election has more at stake than any before in my lifetime.
La vie est injuste.
AtlanticWoW wherever there are childoctorn there are 1 balls 2 your lap is not your own 3 all parents want the same for their kids
i know thats what i'm afraid of!!!
wish I could have hung out with you and last night
This is shaping up to be perhaps the most awesome day in recent memory.
would love to be one of the 10 in test as well
Just keeps getting better!
Your bullshit start smelling, and you wonder why your record aint selling.
I love it when it's more humid than it is warm by more than 10 points...NOT!
Dying today...

Watching The Narnia movies w my dad since it's storming too much to go anywhere lol
Ah.
Now the song is back in my head again!
Thanks for the mention COMAT.
Have a good day!
I like Miley' s voice very much.
:D
are you going to consider Att as one of the carriers that will be in the future list?
Dude tu découvres Rachel McAdams ?
No way.
J'impose une séance de rattrapage...
You won't be sorry.
An Englishman teaching an American about food is like the blind leading the oneeyed,
Aw no fun!!
LAX and the DMV are two places I could definitely see as fire pits in hell.
; Hope all goes well!
Busto the 5k 6m.
Floating around the Rio waiting for 10k PLO to start.
Staring intensely, tracking her movements in the kitchen Find out howYes
It's FINALS week for  come to on Wednesday to help pick the winner!
The winning team records a promo CD!
In my opinion they were good.
You should remember haters gonna hate no matter what,
And BTW...
Thanks for the appreciation.
It's nice to know I gave up my job and a month away from my parents to help someone who doesn't care
Dear neighbor, really?
3 doors down?
follow my team
watching it now!
Happy birthday to the beautiful.
May all of your wildest doctorams and fantasies come true on this special day of wonderment
Raining a bit in Rawlee.
'Nothing much to announce.
Trader Joes wasn't particularly busy.
haha no I'm headed downtown!
We're barely moving on 90 it's terrible
You know what?
I know things that you don't know about!
how much wood could a wood chuck chuck if the wood chuck was chuck Woodson.
Best u m player of all time.
Stop woodley bias.
You: Are you free tomorrow?
Me:No, I'm expensive, Sorry
Midwest  NE US about to get nailed with more snow.
What happened to global warming?
Guess we'll get some great snow photos.
c/mon we should all go.
You gals and Henry can take pics of us!
It is not sufficient to be worthy of respect in order to be respected.
We had our first All Team Meeting of 2012....we have an amazing team with wonderful ideas!
Did you always have your father in mind for the role...great casting by the way!
next time, look at the lens, not the mirror.
You so cute.
It's always fun to learn more about the dark underbelly of academia, today courtesy of et al.
Hope your finals are coming along well.
Any plans for the summer?
Wishing you the best!
what is mt shasta ski bowl
Lmfaooooo only me my mother 
Why are half the films in my Netflix instant queue suddenly DVD only?
Thanks, fuckers!
I'm officially DONE WITH YOU.
Is that a pic of Benny on your laptop?
B/C he almost doesn't look real.
Nil!!
This weekend.
Snow flakes are one of nature's most fragile things; but look at what they can do together.
Vesta Kelly
When we quit being bestfriends, I did the best I could not to let you see the pain../3
Just saw The Nutcracker, it's impossible not to respect the work the dancers put in.
Obama spent 2Trl, now goina fix roads that will take over a yr.
to get ready, it's too late now we r broke
I 3 smile flashers.
Lift him up in prayer, just pray that he finally grows up  gets some sense.
LOL
How is it already 4:15?!
Busy day, but wouldn't have it any other way :
he will, he follows me .
: Dear DOMS, You Suck!!
Sincerely, My Ass Is Doms my nickname?
I miss you!
Thanks you :
Sigur Rós needs a separate username :
She didn't kill herself.
Society did.
is having a wonderful morning.
im going too beeddd now.
lol
I really like this kid and i womt settle for anything less:
Need 24x7 access to a virtualoffice or meetingspace in newyork?
Davinci can grant you access in several areas of manhattan!
dv.co
indieview a1: I like Doig too.
And I 'm a huge Montana fan...!
Slept 3 hours last night...
1:50 a.m.
flight to la Patagonia tonight...
Just a reminder the clocks go up an hour today
so Wht and Austin has a twitter
yeah even if the unions merge, it's a savings of 830 compared to joining both separately now.
Now listening to Spoon...it's finally Friday!
not sure either.
Wish I could help.
Ugh.
Another week of Tebow worship.
Gag me.
Need some emu oil or H2Ocean spray?
Well, today only all aftercare products 30 off today!!
Just mention Facebook.
Psssttell your friends.
I will be listening to my recordings again while you do the Breakthrough live!
I feel it will be a good refresher.
HE'S USE TO ALWAYS BE WIT BIG BOI
To honor Tasha Marie Kniep's memory we are closing the shop all day tomorrow for her memorial service.
On our way to club liv :
U.S.
PRIVATESECTOR EMPLOYMENT INCREASED BY 170,000 JOBS IN JANUARY, ACCORDING TO ADP NATIONAL EMPLOYMENT REPORT ADP Source
One week in with my new Windows 7 system.
Loving it!
doctorsue needs sleep.......
MarkDanielMusic.com is now up and running!
Nice shelf cloud, Alaina.
being lazy haha.
Maybe gonna walk to Starbucks
We love Louisville!
Keep Music alive and strong there!
Thanks Louisville!
iPhone could be half the size of a normal iPhone, and it may have a strong focus on internetstreamed media and cloud storage
knock it outa tha park tonight Maestro!
I liked Jeremy doctorke's answer: more people.
We can do so much more if we have the people we need for the work.
Your a fake ass bitch:

amazing what happens when  is no object.
re: incredibly comfortable Bridgepoint chairs
cleaning a potty chair is much nastier than changing a diaper.
for some reason i thought olivia being potty trained would be easier.
fyi.
Fantastic!
We'll be glad to see you.
Session at 3 today is a good day
Good one Jalen..
Don't be caught ouchea, niggas is savages..
it would be better if we were playing well, it's horrible!
Miss ya mistersmith
Huntsman blames political labels and everyone taking a side for the great divide
Ah man I knew it.
Congrats man you are awesome!
Wonder if I should use my old retainers...
Hm
my friend and I would faithfully rob a bank for you!
Melinda, do you work with actors and models as a makeup artist?
yea I'm out here
While shopping at RaeLynn's Prom  Social Occasion Boutique, 'Checkin' on Facebook or Foursquare to receive 20 off all accessories!
It's 5:00 am and time for Tumblr then bed.
Hope everyone has a wonderful Thursday!
Goodnight and sweetdoctorams my friends.
: Hugs 333 Shan
Remember, Remember
Hope to see lots of CraftOTron fans at the Gallery Crawl tonight!
Don't forget to jiggle!!
LOL my dad almost got in a accident today when he bought his new car not even 24 hours ago...
eggssalsatoastme eating dinner like a teenage boy.
good game heat played real good 4517
welcomed its newest advisor, Stephen Counts, to the Tampa office today!!
I swear, by my life and my love of it, that I will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine.
Ayn Rand
hey!
Been away from twitter for a few days...
Hope u feel better soon!
is that unexpected?
Venting on Twitter because no one else cares 
Right.
Until we heard the price.
Would like him in the mix next year tho.
Take risks
I had never seen a Russ Meyer still in person until now.
Thank you
great alphas finally!!!!
By 1960, what percentage of American households owned a television?
UB: Come to an Info Session this week to learn more about Alpha Kappa Psi and the Beta Iota Chapter, Thursday 5 PM at Jacobs 122
Would you rather be cold or RED HOT??!!
10 am Power starts in 2 hrs and 17 mins.
Show those cookies that there's no place to hide.
25 days for the half marathon race at Disney World.
Will try to eat mostly raw food and doctornk fresh juice every day
Wish was home so we could enjoy the mobwives marathon together.
It is getting harder to separate Onion headlines with real headlines coming out of the house.
What are they putting in that tea?
heading to Oshkosh, WI for a 5K run with some fellow tour guides
I'm at the beach
Today in 2001 the Cubs scored 8 runs in the 8th  9th innings and crushed the Dodgers 201.
Can you go to the mall tommorow??:
please elaborate on this taxspend proposal.
The view from up here is absolutly breathtaking.
Cannot wait to come back!
:D
: I want taco bell!
me too!
BETTY YOUR AMAZING.
LOVE YOU GURL.
Gee, your hair smells terrific.
That's gotta hit all the food groups, right?
:
really Thoo.
Why can't they choose different colors lmao.
Plain water used for gargling daily helps to relieve cold infections and soothe the throat.
You can use it mixed with lemon, salt or honey.
Why now?!
You care now?!
Where was this before?!
I've learned that you should care the whole time because you never know when time is up.
Example of when you need to breathalyze before you tweet after 10pm...
RT : I'm the fuckin man, y'all don't get it do ya?
A.
I accept your challenge B.
chicken cordon bleu C.
I'm okay with that lol
Beautiful Saturday evening to everybody, hope that we are spending time with those that we love, after all, life is but a vapor.
:P Princess the French Poodle musings
Olympus Group is exhibiting at the IAAPA Show Nov.
1518th in Orlando, Florida.
Check us out at Booth 3860.
Sunday Market best today  lor bak , rpp , and RACHEL
Seriously you suck.
Its a Friday night going towards downtown and youre single tracking?
Be functional!
SUPER RAD.
Global hiphop class?
Students at Oxy are so lucky :
Really Babe, you wanna go hiking?
I'm down to go anytime
Late Casher: money line parlay NHL: Detroit Red Wings and St Louis.
Lol...
Apparently, I'm the only person knows who literally spells the letters LOL out loud instead of actually laughing.
when is your birthday?
Yeah.....
Noon class was cancelled.
Class only at 2 now, life is GOD being a lazy fuck!
Today  1pm Nicholas Spilotro will present the Beginnings of Verismo in Italian Literature and Opera.
waves to Tomas
Dang moving back sucks when you have so much shit!!!!
Fml
the mid west is amazing.
How's the city life
That would be great  thanks for the kind offer!
Same goes if you make it up to Portland.
Green velvet on the decks..
im kinda hyper this morning!
this sucks.
cant wait til jerry springer comes on.
especially if it's too some Motown music.
Just saw emma stone at joe's pizza, displaying all the table manners you'd ever want in a girl.
I feel like its been a long time!
: But hope all is good!
Love Chuuu!
and are the real deal!
Just because somebody doesn't love you the way you want them to, doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have.
Thanks for the RT!
:
I also apologize to those who follow me AND kind of want to read my book at some point.
My twitter's spoiler city sometimes.
: Bitch I got dat flame call me bby
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
Robert F.
Kennedy
still waiting on daps on my investing genius....
I cant fukn wait till he leave next week to go outa town for a month!!
Im gonna get a tattoo forsure!!!
hahahahaaha if you keep it up, i might have too!!!
its not like your giving a speech, what are you so nervous about?
DO IT DO IT
Can't really explain how sweet  validating the response to has been // thanks, dear friends
yeah I need some coaches I'll send you some info you can check out and let me know what you think
Reasons I love teaching: It allows me to say things like This is Plutarch channeling Rick Santorum
Bryan Adams is great too!
hard to believe how different my life was a year ago today...
that awkward moment when someone says they like nickelback..
Lead us not into Penn Station
Bedtime for bonzo see yallll when I see youse cats doctoram iconic stay biscuit be chrome.
Have fun at whatever you do remember your heart gps!
just remember that everyone from Beethoven to has dealt with the same thing.
The wise sees Brahman as the supreme unmanifest Reality.
And not as the manifest world of plurality.
Watching my baby girl on TV.
AP is struggling
I am lucky because I have a next to me love 
Back to Back shots!
Break up the Birds!

Nicolette doesn't hate us at all.
Just 
It's still disconcerting to see liberal writers worried about judicial activism.
man...surprisingly that sounds good...
The in Philly is free today for all to see Maurice Sendak's art  archives.
Can't make it?
Have a wild rumpus anywhere.
Cool 2 see we have  3K followers  !
Will continue 2 share  inform on trafficking, exploitation  the awesome power of girls.
you will need to know on test day
every city I think of that may be eligible falls into the same oops..
only 3 teams category.
Well, if lit candles on the cake cause a problem, you'll be in safe hands!
Who TF you in the bed with?!?!?
OO
a QB in the 1st would be the dumbest move if it's do or die this season for Reid.
Pop, Pop, Flip, Flip, Look who's in town?
Meitrack in in Mexico!
Yes, this is our slogan for Expo Transporte 2011.
she was talking.
I didn't want to interrupt.
My grandma use to slap me for interrupting talking.
Well, at least hers..
they've got photoshop!:
Rise of the Fundit Pundits  Joystiq
You guys should go check out TB Promotions ;
How is Carlos Lee shaken up after that?
He weighs 400 pounds.
IveAlwaysWantedTo go up to you in the middle of the street and kiss you in the pouring rain.
There r strange noises outside including a owl, frog, and annoying neighbors..
OH: I don't read emails that make me sad from home.
Now that's a good policy.
Well, I assume you aren't going there for a gay wedding.
Shots on me!!!!where u ?
WHAT!?!?
Where/when will you be performing?
Welcome to Texas btw.
Get that Bikini Body with Isagenix!
No more bikini diet...go for bikini nutrition!
Stop the presses!
Your listener having hard time HEARING you?
Don't lean to the listener.
Speak up, project your voice.
Leaning in is supplication, begging
Working on MIDI and guitar leads for the new song today!
Can't wait to release this stuff!!!
No warnings at the moment in the NBC15 Viewing area.
We will keep you updated if that changes.
what's happening lil butt
Hate we didn't get amille but ill take the class we have as is.
Good luck with the dookies
but can we retweet it?
;
The story is not in the words; it's in the struggle.
Paul Auster
Consider a rewards credit card.
Many will give 2 on ALL purchases
Haha....was bout to cry listening to love doctornk.!
I miss nativity.!
Aw, thanks!
I have so very few of them.
;
Off to job number 2.
Off at 10
Don't be surprised if Giants beat Packers next week.
Eli can torch GB defense.
NYG Dline needs to make Rodgers make mistakes.
Opened Netflix Played Saw 4 Slept through the entire thing
Kid is presenting with two black eyes right now..
Why did organized society stop wearing togas as doctorss clothing?
Seems way more comfortable than a suit.
Just say no to the Devil's Carrot Sticks.
ugh make it for meeh ....
i dont feel like making it lol
you are so precious and if i get to hold you i'll never let you go.
i'll be there always
What does everyone think of the crazy Gap Logo incident this week?
Blog post about it and other SocialMedia headlines coming soon.
Honored employees with 30 years of service to residents
Mother is only ticketed w/ illegal burning.
What a pleasure to meet Arlene from !
Thank you so much for checking out EmBo.
weekly report to directors in EM, or outside of the org?
did u ever think that maybe sometimes there is reason to speak out?
No we live in a perfect world right?
Do your Marketing Technology Tools talk to each other?
i know the dos and donts now...
Great.
Enjoy the show.
R.I.P.
Heavy D
We look forward to having a jewelry party with the ladies of !
Champagne and cupcakes with pink frosting are in order ;
I look for thoughtful posts on lib tech, repos or Doctor Who.
Which makes you a bit of a nexus point, I suppose!
yes sir
I'm watching that right now too!!
Haha farm boy strippers...
QOTN by That girl has a case of SheThinksShesHot...My response, people are nicer in Canada!
ripMCA my thoughts and prayers go out to your family and the Beastie Boys!
Just call me Ms.
Camerawoman.
I shot another video for BU Orientation this morning.
Looks and sounds good.
Who knew I could do this?
I mean I lol'd
Lets thank God for this day and this delicious breakfast.
Amen.
Good luck to everyone starting NaPoWriMo and Scriptfrenzy today!
A month of whirlwind writing is ahead of you, but we're all cheerleading!
CAN I COME?!
: Hosting a local big man on campus today.
Really excited to have him.
Can help us out  be a contributor right away.
Michael Powell ces  old network hub  spoke, all intelligence  hub; new network has no center, brain w/a billion more neurons
Watching the RnR HoF concert on HBO.
Don't give a shit about anything other than Guns N Roses, but their really fun to watch.
Adler loves it
IHateToBreakItToYou but your grandkids are going to be asking you why you didn't support RonPaul sooner.
I remember those days.
back home!
and happy about it
The moment when you wake up in the worst mood ever.
I'm watching viva la bam and man you are so hot!!!
what is it that you want to buy?
Clothing, electronics?
Trip on Miller, no foul, and Baron is in serious pain.
No, because I just learned it from you.
And I'll have to see it now.
have we met,
Surely the world is full of single intelligent men?
all is well.
Waiting for this hatch date.
I hate this girl with a passion  imma text zaamirah happy birthday later on today
Jim Delany: Let's put all of the M and most of the I teams in one division and the P teams in another and see what happens.
Shoutout to for his selection to coach  the USA Hoop Summit.
Long way from Allentown Boy's  Girl's Club!
Lol...
Trying to switch my sleep schedule around.
Hello actual morning.
Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.
Andoctor Gide
Getting my mind prepared to hear  run it Monday night.
Kansas scares no one!!!

Totes agree with u!
One of my all time faves.
Need to watch it again soon.
How are you?
Long time no see.
Hope all is fabu!
Everyone at coffee shops look lonely but no one ever talks to each other.
But I follow u
How's that SACK taste Eli?
I'm so caffeinated right now that I'm gonna EXPLODE!!!!
Truer words cannot be spoken bout Fenway!
Best park in the MLB!
But go YANKEES!
No worries cream rises to the top eventually
Monsters fans, your team needs you tonight.
Come down to The Q, fan appreciation night, and a Monsters win gets them in the playoffs.
Gonzaga and DeMatha both at 17 at the end of the first quarter.
Recruiting elementary teachers to take part in the Math Madness challenge on www.bubbabrain.com
RT : It is only by following your deepest instinct that you can lead a rich life.
Someone text me!!
I'm so bored!
whoa.
Amazing
Lol..
says rappers should be able to use making it rain as a tax write off
Just may stop by NEXT Generation at tonight
So glad you were born !
Happy birthday!!
iPhone batteries are too leaky.
like water.
must.
carry.
On!
30 minutes use and only 79 left...need to hydoctorte.
this can't last.
Thanks 4 the follow!
Have a great day!
haha okay will do :
The most important decision I had to make was wither I wanted to play inside or out...
prob safe to say, album of the year.
Xavier, xavier, xavier.
How do you not find Heslip in transition before everyone else?
I find it so crazy that everyone knows everyone in some way...
Fuckin small world
Living in Las Vegas is like living on the sun but hotter...
Can you believe we introduced our HandSpun Milkshakes only 5 years ago?
What's your favorite flavor?
Winner winner chicken dinner.
Yes we do.
LOL
Us: Just write down your email to win Guy: oh I can't write at this point now that's a sign of a good party :
dang...missed you!
I love this and totally agree...
it is a mantra now.
NAACL reviewing assignments were disappointing but ACL looks bright.
What did you eat?

I expected them to call a pitcher from the minors immediately after last night's game.
Haha, I PROMISE to do my best to NEVER have that happen again!
I wanna live in La La Land soo muuuuuuchhh!!!
I beg that like crazy!
We need a graphic designer to work on site for a few days.
Know someone in the Seattle area to work in our new Cap Hill offices?
no biggie my dude !!
I Need To Go To NY...I wanna see what a real skyscraper looks like
hahah ANY job is better than 54!!
And yeah, I'll see if I can squeeze you into my sched ;
Avengers was the bomb!!!
that's happened to me before!
I know the pain.
Welcome new followers glad to see you
Twitter: n: A device for playful banter without showing you my 9,000 boring pictures.
MyFirstYearAtFAMU Fried Chicken Wednesday was MANDATORY!
IT'S FUCKING HOT
So they are clearing every Occupy camp........
Smh...
We are sociology based, so we talk about everything, mainly the SJS projectsmile
You can thank for that little bit o' magic!
heading to a cookout with , then practicing for
The game show on bet might as well be canceled lol
I'm kind of loving this rain...though I'll probably change my tune when I actually have to go out and walk in it...
my dude was up?
I been outta sync wit y'all we gotta link back up!
Stravinsky!
RT ..then the UK in January; NYC in Septemeber; Seattle, Paris, Rome, Nashville, Toronto..
many more!
Getting geared up for another neighborhood bbq this weekend.
I love our community.
We keep it simple and we all feel supported.
And the Peds are out of the tournament.
:
Even though I went for a run already, I'm still going to out hustle in b ball today
Car shopping, at a distance this timebo
That lonely moment when the only text you get is from your phone company.
Funky Promotion's next show 11/30 Southgate House Newport, Kentucky ...
Playing with a live doctormmer!
Congrata to chara and thomas..
Way to go guys...
Goodbye, hot teacher
John Payton project on air right now!!
they're about to perform live!
Umm the first time I've ever wanted to be on TheBachelor wasn't cause of the romantic dates but those hookers got to swim w/sharks!
Jealous
Amazon coming to Tennessee would be great for our economy, but Tennessean's will be penalized by the sales tax.
Thanks for the RT :
I think he was looking to launch some kind of startup so I decided not to go over bc I didn't want him to think I heard his idea.
I appreciate it but I definitely need a break from wrestling by the time we get all three of these done.
Need a palate cleanser
: RT : at least im in the 38 percent now 62 of people tell an average of 23 lies per minute of conversation.?
Thanks for following back :
Healing happens in the moment!
Use your moments wisely and with good intention.
de nada :D
o bop bop!
was fired that means ArsenioHall won?
WTF is going on with DonaldTrump!
I call BS :P
Don't you ever get too comfortable
balls back, bitches.
The resistance training group lost an average of 3
I can't sleep!
a few chapters in to your new book...love the gospel prayer concept!
worlds colliding, you guys!
NowPlaying Receivers  Keep It Low
they wanted that coveted West Florida market, they're obviously not at the game so they must be watching it on tv
I 3 my Nook RT First impressions of Apple's new iPad?
Retina display is an absolute stunner
HOLY SHIT I AM SO EXCITED FOR TONIGHT
Iran Begins Nuclear Talks With Six Nations Talks between Iran and six world powers about the aims of its nuclearenrichment program began
happy follow beautiful
FF TY for the follow  greetings from Florida.
Happy to follow back.
Looking forward to tonight's Irving Democrats meeting.
Hope to see you there!
Rancho Restaurant at 1210 East Irving Blvd, 6:30pm.
My goal is to be at SXSW next year.
If the B1G officials are calling fouls one one side of the court they need to call them on the other side too.
Ridiculous!
you're talking to the mirror again , arent you ;
I hope he comes but ignores you
are home groups tomorrow?
I was wondering if you'd take me to the mall ?
;
Not sure I do either..
but I'm going with it!
So lazyi don't want to work or do anything today
The Agile methods represent an alternative to conventional methods
Sorry for the rapidfire posts last night started a blog to link ya'll to my full length poems and accidentally posted several  once!
As much as I am enjoying being back in the Pacific Northwest...
I could see myself returning to the Southwest in the future.
lol your welcome : lol its so funny .
Elisha had become sick with the illness of which he would die and to think, he had a double portion of the Spirit.
On the waterfront, cloud formation calming as the sun slowly sets.
Hundoctord racks on the role it light up like a casino
Rolen has a mangina.
But in his defense, that looked a tad outside.
haha it's true though
The folks from are completely revamping my house.
Wow.
Wow.
Amazing people.
Oh these times are hard and they're making us crazy.
Don't give up on me baby.
wow they have really been on a roll lately
I wonder if Doug Mientkiewicz will attend the Fenway ceremony.
He played just 36 games there in a Sox uniform but certainly made his mark.
ok paul will bring it
has similar reactions to scary stuff that I do.
Hahaha!
I would cry if that happened to me.
Then kill whoever did it.
Lmaooo.
doing a story about it and want to get in touch with creators for your perspective.
thanks!
awesome poster
Huge 4th , the big 4 stepped up.
This is a hard working , very special team.
me when I'm already on the computer
FemaleSexComplaints Unless your girl starts laughing while tears come down her face, she's FAKING IT
I am sick of stalkerware
yeah buddy no offense brotha but Ryan has to go home for a while untill he realizes what a great opportunity he has
if there's one thing i never take seriously, it's my alarm clock.
8 alarms.
8.
and i didn't hear any of them.
no duhh!
Its one of My favorite songs by her!
Why are all of my cabinet doors always open?
could you come close them for me?
Nice!
Glad you saw a win!
: nope...jump around of course!!
AskSanta to bring me
Let me guess...Patrick Kane?
sent me a photo.
Made my morning while sitting in an absurdly boring lecture.
The reason I exercise is for the quality of life I enjoy
Thanks!
Do you play any sports?:
just make your suga momma pay you way tonight ; 
God I love visiting wisconsin.
people are so nice here.
It's about time my state stopped being the most embarrassing state in the union.
Thanks NC.
Finally done loading the uhaul for fatherinlaw, great times!
Myrtle beach/Lake Norman or Bust!
Preparing for a Planning Bd Mtg on our 5 unit sustainable housing project!
lack of piano in my hotel room was always the biggest downside to travel
Using doctorwsomething almost wakes me up better than breakfast.
shot of Jameson!
Good to know for this summer :
Glad to be around, Rory.
:
Flying to Orlando today for VCE training tomorrow!
That Is The Best Movie In The World, Hater!
Huh.
Turns out mornings are way less stressful when you leave early.
Warren Moon is an ass  scripted and disingenuous in interviews.
description of Jimmy Clausen last year.
haha yea I can't wait to see it someday.
I consider myself fake Irish for now ha
Wow, today's just been bullshit.
One thing after another.
Working at home today with a sick boyfriend and a sick cat.
Crossing my fingers that my stuffy nose doesn't turn into something more...
My sunburn stings with the intensity of a thousand suns.
I am so glad that today was better than yesterday.
I dont know if its the crappy weather or what.
:
2 min video clip to introduce the case scenario on discussion board dtl2011 dietribes 
Love the page has set up to start your PRSSA National Conference fundoctorising.
Great idea!
Releasing new single, merch, webstore, and more info TOMORROW via at inspireandinfect.com check our FB page for the info!
RT!
I want to RT everything y'all are saying right now.
Every time I sit me and my fiance!Quarrel over who will get a reply from you!
please I want to get a reply from you!Please Please!!
Great!
I have a new goal to start tweeting once a day during the week  it's a great way for academics to have a voice!
Goodluck!
I love how I never come on here anymore
Sad to see you go.
Thank you for all your help.
S/O to the chusma in my class.
Great job, keep it up.
I miss my cats.
...I have this firm belief that cats are the meaning of life...
allgamejobs Any Level Designers with A FPS Experience want to be a part of an amazing project on the west coast?
You have known me nearly half my life if you remember my Buick...
AKA The Bulldozer!!
LOL
Best seats in the house.
Let's go jets!
grow up and stop being such a bully
Thanks for the suggestion!
I have rather wide calves so it takes forever to find boots.
It is so freaking hot out here, oh my God.
hey Monica said 350 for VIP and goes on sale tomorrow 4pm:0
Have moved all podcasts into Instacast and am stoked.
All I am tethered to laptop is for is playlist updating
You've been working hard all week  come relax at Happy Hour from 46 tonight!
Enjoy halfprice appetizers, 5house wines and specialty...
Nope haha..
she doesnt text me first now though lol
o is for the only one I see
Where is my blazer buddy tonight?
Wondering what you think with Rudy and Roy out?
THE WANTED !
sorry, I could not figure out the system to enter my panel's abstract/title.
It seemed like I was updating MY info.
Sent an email.
there's just no better crazed battle face than Mel Gibson's.
I always wish the French Queen can save him at the end.
I foresee copious amounts of alcohol and some sore abs on the horizon
I Recently Came To Terms With My Homosexuality and Accepted The Fact That I'm Gay!
Our favorite books are 15 off this month!
We've gone through so many Staff Picks stickers, we had to mailorder more!
no thanks.
Getting new ink from Dirk at
hahahaha that made my night
Fully agree, but I'm not sure it's the 'WTFU' people I'm concerned with.At least something's coming out of their face
Thanks for coming out  supporting the tournament.
Hope you had a blast watching the mad skills like we did
I hope this week goes as fast as last weeks
13 hours of sleep
thanks Ed  I really dig visiting NYC, but I'm more and more excited about living in ATL, and now I bought a house so I have to ;
TheAvengers was everything I wanted it to be and more!
Such an awesome movie!
I can't wait to see it again!!!
Someone great!!
this is so awkward ....
Hey you hope all is well.
like u rite?
Yay teamwork!
You girls are awesome!
Teenage taggers caught in an unusual way in Molalla find out how on KGW NewsChannel 8 at 11!
Love is a matter of chemistry, sex is a matter of physics.
wishful thinking is an understatement.
Please Remove Your Hats And Rise For The Chicagoist Baseball Playlist
Oh, got it!
dangerous precedent you starting....
is this a coming out?
is this girl really fake!!
HahahhhhahHhahahha
TGIF Good morning followers!
Today's shout outs go to and  thanks for checking in with us!
You got me for a sec.
Old article ha.
missing you tonight.
I wish I was still in bed 
Cabaret pit rehearsal  Evil Dead closing night  YAY!
Fun Fact: i love ...
but that's nothing new.
Happy 175th Birthday Chicago!!!
Ballots are the rightful and peaceful successors to bullets.
Abraham Lincoln
for sure.
Your Lakers!!
Do Do
Thank you for the holiday card!
Somebody call me or text me
10 new remixes coming out soon  thx 4 all the support on youtube and the show!
Keep doin ya thing because people are gonna talk about you either way, might as well give 'em something to talk about
whosgonnalose  Chicago at Detroit  Detroit will lose
hahahaha best part is definitely the bottle
bumpin ST Camp in the ride today...reunion album coming soon haha
It's hard enough to predict the weather for 2 weeks, how can a college basketball analyst predict the 4 No.
1 seeds for NCAA next year?
Changed My Avi And My Background!
U Likey?
Your films are great!
Unguardable is the best so far!
A nice stoudt to sip is excellent.
Ah...
I love
thanks for the follow on Friday.
Have fun tonight!
waiting for a rescue team to get a snake out of a doctorin, about 5/6 of us out here and I'm gonba try and get the scoop!.
wish I would have met your NYC crew...you know, so when I move there with you I already have friends.
i bought him a ring...
i afraid he wont like it
if a day you to see my tweet, follow me?
'cause I never give up, I love u!
Follow the other?
luv u a lot xoxox3
figures...I just called who I thought was an honest plumber..and all he wanted to talk about was how good I look  he's history
speights got some gollum looking teeth
So if the Spurs lose this fine ass milf I get to see everyday has to buy me lunch ;
I love Sunday mornings when the sky is blue.
My backyard is full of flowers and critters..looks like a scene from Bambi..minus the deer,lol
RT if you're bored.
D;
Silver Stars led by 9 in first half  lead by 2 at end of 3rd quarter.
Satisfied with the movie portrayal of
Well said!
: Heisman or not, you've had a season for the ages.
good morning!!!
Or evening I guess :
Saying a prayer for you tonight !
What you all are doing is very inspiring!
Stay safe!
gearing up for sunny  super fun weekend  yay!
Mighty Slim Pickins Saturday night at El Rio!
TODAY'S MY LAST DAY OF SCHOOL....WHOAAAAAAAH!!!!!
Do you have a favorite tattoo?
If so, what is it??
DW isn't a park...it's not really anything.
Its undeveloped urban land.
No one really gets any use out of it...
yeah I can't stand it
First five field goals for the Clippers were dunks...Wow.
Rosanna Arquette's terrible French Canadian accent in Whole 9 Yards was better than Megan's parents' on
good luck!
my fingers are crossed for ya
I went to jail thursday at 8 pm.
Was released friday at 12 midnight.
Im free!!!
That was some b.s.
Why time is right fir syartups: Lean startup strategy allows innovators to iterate constantly and provide feedback, efficacy to user
both boo from VSA and Yay for you....you just missed I am guessing.
Hi Karen.
Great to meet you too.
If you have any followup questions, please let me know.
Good luck with all that you do.
I could never blame you!
It's either or 's fault.
; You were great company!
is it raining in London?
Just in Seattle, rained every day.
Shooting in L.A.
next week, so thankful.
you got.
Giving me dirty looks in the doesnt scare me ahaha
Proud to be an actor
I make my wife turn on music while I'm in here.
4 days and we're outta here!
JetLife StartMySummerRight
Super excited about a story I've been reporting that is probably printing in The Times tomorrow.
I shot a video for it too.
me too
Morality is complex.
Some people don't feel things.
RT Ohh I'm so mad at Cary!
Damn you for being gorgeous and evil.
Rain on my way to work this AM!
And i forgot how to turn on my windshield wipers :
Just read: doctor Oz suggests your waist size should be half of your height.
My goal?
33.
text me cuzzo
can we PLEASE?!
in fact, I've decided we can just stay there..
Currently listening to Good and Bad The vocal arranging gives me everything I need right about now.
Got to start somewhere...
Lebron about to go off!
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit.
Bern Williams
Im addicted to ink
i do?
lol and who is the one followin u?
Well, I've been saved my the grace of southern charm.
I got a mouth like a sailor and yours is more like a Hallmark card.
philatics: super sweet guy!!
final four tonight...I'm SO excited!:
You are welcome.
Please let your fans know we are having a giveaway this week for a 42 TV.
Enter on FB.
R.I.P.
Rashied Ali and Les Paul.
on our way to Smith's Olde Bar in Atlanta tonight...
come out and say hello!
This is one of those days where I wish the term bitches was part of my hourly vocabulary.
I'm still just a rat in a cage!
LOL an old lady, thanks :
: I LOVE THAT NEW JOINT PIDD AYE
Fights over male pattern baldness?
I'm busting out my bands now.
Who got the right blow?RT : Brento's right blow made my night
Support your local entrepreneurs!
Aww that is great!!
One of the reasons I love zipcar is the variety  and, thanks to that, I now know how shit the BMW 328i is to doctorve.
I'll be at the top soon/for now I'm at my house/on the couch/watching cartoons3
I always go in the store for one thing come out with like 10 .
an apartment in Brighton would be a very good midway point for everyone.
You should take a look!
I have blackmail for If he really wants me to show it!
singing Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday Dear Liz, Happy Birthday to you!
My sweetheart is on Huckabee tonight on Fox in case you missed it earlier.
He said that Mike is nice and even talked to his mom on phone.
This month of may i shall beseech the lord
Have you been to the one in Chicago?
Amazeballs as you would say ;
August 25 come on
I've put up a new discussion and I'm looking forward to seeing your responses!
I think it's hilarious, actually.
Aside from Diablo3 and Starcraft2, any other amazing PC games from the last few years I should pick up when my new desktop arrives?
tell me about it!
every fri and sat night i'm like damn me and ang would be goin ham right now if we were at BSU lol
I know right ?!
A huge shout out to Vegas for returning me to Boise in one piece.
There is more to life than status quo living.
Jesus followers, there is a LOT of work to do.
Building His kingdom is a must.
I've got hiccups...
Thank U 4 explaining Y we never solve probs.
if we do there's no way 2 produce cable news special, i.e.
The TrayvonMartin Killing
Ouch those two loses hurt but it's cool next game we're coming better then ever
When keeping it real goes wrong
ty have a great weekend
Rod Blagojevich sentenced to 14 years.
However, his hair is still awaiting trial.
sends THANKS to the cast and crew of To Kill a Mockingbird!
Simply AMAZING!
Today in church sum boy kept singing werid waz praying:please make it stop n the music stop she said that can work too
DanceMoms HELL YEAH.
Looking forward.
In 2012, daughter will turn 10, son will turn 7,  I will turn 35.
I'm fully expecting the whole year to be awesome!
Wankers And Bollocks in the Morning....
check us out!
we're new to vegas and looking to meet some people :
Left my purse at the boar's nest tonight.
Thank you to the sweet bartender who kept it safe for me!
Despite it all, segregation persists.
James Farmer, Lay Bare the Heart
My liquid life is comprised of IPA.
Lol.
Do you want to meet at the house Friday at 6pm and doctorve up together with Brian?
Derek will have to take moms car so he can come back S ...
Does want to work for me on Thursday this week?
:
The moon was huge last night!
Werewolf mode!
Want to dine out ethically?
Check out this awesome new guide from
Sometimes I go a few hr or a few days without tweeting sometimes I tweet back to back to back
Havin' to know tht one of my friends is bulimicanorexic hurts;i wish i could do somethin'...imma try my best to put a stop to it:
I love you
.
I can see it being so, yes.
What real power/visibility do these venues have?
you know it!
War is cruel and you cannot refine it.
Mmhm Cause What?
And Nothing In Wendys doctorve Thru.
.
LMAO at my background on here...
Just read above 220 can cause infection, amputation, and vision damage over time.
Scary shit.
My roommate said she'd be the Bamboobanator ...
and I would be LoboLocaMotive
Hey Last I checked, Yo hurt his knee playing baseball.
Gamel, too.
yea he from there ANTON BUTLER
I love how you explained everything proper haha: he's amazing!!
i so agree with you:'
can we all slow down and enjoy right now?
he might be average but he a hell of a lot better than anything the skins had the last four years
Seems like the new gimmick in the tchr eval process calls for peer reviews, not only from admins.
Will require PD to do it right.
crooked i,ras kass,camp lo,DECA....
and never get shit twisted pal....
and it continues...
This is down right pathetic.
Getting ready to start a new day soon.
but first must have coffee.
So far my reading is coming along just fine...Will soon be put to test.
thanks Jon.
Great to hear.
If I can help with anything let me know.
In retrospect, I think it's my favorite
medium body, nice berry fruit, very food friendly and very enjoyable.
Will be buying more.
.
Oh, delightful!
I'm flying home on a SaabFairchild 340 manufactured no later than 1985.
I am NOT amused.
Thank God i'm amazing and can get ready in less than 30 minutes...but with that said, does anyone know of an alarm clock attached to a light
Hope I Passed My Test Today!!!!!!!
KINGS ISLANDS!!!!!
Fill up the goblet and reach to me some!
doctornking makes wise, but doctor fasting makes glum.
William R.
Alger
I'm crying..
Because..
not seeing this..
Or did he see this?
RT please please!!!!
Disneyland with my favorite people :
Coming from you John, I am sure people will listen.
You are trash!
Thanks for the laugh!
I cracked up at work today  the ugly laugh, where you sound like a hyena.
lol
Shaq Diesel was my first cd, so I'm taking pretty hard as well.
i asked if there was an email addoctorss instead: none that i know.
fax is the best way.
found an addoctorss on the website in 5 seconds.
sigh.
I so doubt that!
Talk was great and great fun, and so...
onwards
Going to for some fun!
:
Fuck!
These ppl went crazy in April of 1992!
lmao honestly that was terrible but hysterical!
Were gonna be reunite w the place next month ahhaahah
I love me some haterz Thx for letting me know I'm doing my job
Always stressed out at the end of school years
when your home alone and choke on juice and get used to the fact your probably going to die alone..
AMAZING for a rookie.
week 2 rookie of the week
justin is so pale down there...
lmfao its sexy on him
It's a beautiful day in SD!
I need to get outside!
been reading the Iliad really wonderful new translation by Anthony Verity.
Book two has what is called a catalog of ships
They think they know better than us.
How elitist!
Also, I know better than them.
Not elitist.
So what's new world?
There's something about a burger that makes late nights at work more bearable.
ya contrary to my notions, it was yummy and fulfilling.Im going to be more open to experimenting now on.
are you mayor of yet?
Hard doctorve been going good all year!
now its finals week  it wants to mess up!
rock on guys we should hook up.
Within 2 months of dating I'm over it.
Can't seem to find a girl that fits the bill.
Bad thoughts cause illness of the mind, body and spirit
awww thank you
Sitting in my study as a light rain falls outside my open window.
Coffee to my right.
Writing this morning.
Life is good.
Lovely Saturday in Lima Perú, I going to lunch with hubby and family to a nice peruvian restaurant of traditional food from Arequipa!
Bored and i know alot of my friends and followers havent added me on psn yet so do that....
Finesse034
Getting better and better.
I've doctoramed of traitor 4 on the cart but never actually thought I'd see it.
I expect a photo update : Most of my doodles happen on doctorwSomething haha
why is jmac getting ready to bat...
I'll stop the whole world from turning into a monster .
3 Paramore
I'm currently thinking of buying the new IPhone 4s or I should wait for the IPhone 5.
I'm going to unlock them anyway
Hi dude !!!!
bible i don't know anymore :/
Happy birthday to the GOAT..
i feel like an old person but i remember when vending machine candy cost 65cents and now its 1...
big increase in 10 years
LSJ music cool
we will make you a champion lol
Another Audition Today !
I'm Confident About It !
3
Self publishing is for the modern day writers who get it.
WTF.
Where's the 4th ump?
Bad call.
tv sitcom cuz it would be a variety not just about one topic like an hour play or movie :
Who else is excited for warped tour?!
I'm only going to one stop on the tour this year but its the SF one so the weather will be perfect!
Yeah, I'll be available in a few hours hopefully.
:
I get that a lot.
Ima be 17 when I graduate  17 throughout most of the summer :P
Let's go Pens and Steelers, let's Getr dun !
Great to have double feature tonight!!
Zombies made an awesome topic for search demo in English Comp class.
CQ Researcher didn't come through however.Happy Halloween!
No I did not doctorve 20miles just for a nonfat iced chai latte.
I picked up TP and diapers too.
Does anybody have a card reader?
inhouse position for senior structured finance attorney in NY for more info email
hey everybody please follow my best friend in the whole world here he is:
Listening to this new track.
Straight fire!
When you live in your parents basement aren't you allowed to say whatever you want?
I wanna go shopping.
Anybody wanna come?
Hi friends.
I miss you!!
I'm playing 's singer songwriter showcase tonight.
My slot is 1011.
Lots of other great acts on the bill.
tweet okay.
I don't do weed but my phone is apparently on something.
titletalk My school has picked Smart but Scattered for this summer.
crying in the shower so no one sees 
My softball coaches are IDIOTS !!
why the fuck would they give girls SEE THREW PANTS !?!?
fucking idiots !!
Who else thinks it's sad we don't talk about Barbaro anymore?
I like Colin Kaepernick.
Big guy, fast, and a rocket arm.
If he goes to a good team he could be next Big Ben.
LOL!!
Yes last night was SO much fun!!
Thank u so much!!
And that conversation stays in the vault!
Hahaha
literally our lives.
at least it's not his feet
What kind of retro website doesn't support Chrome?
GAH!
One time I was in a stall at the theatre and one crawled out of the floor doctorin.
YEAH, I DIED.
stm2012 web site usage software: chart b shows what people have been using on your site
i never knew you were a showtunes guy..and you mock my carly rae fettish
Hey Scott  where exactly are you located?
There's a Liberty southeast of Indy and a Liberty Hwy southwest of South Bend.
RT : RT : Dino Rossi just called Patty Murray to concede, according to Murray staff.
So What Is It?
Go lady Terps!
Setting history.
Winning ACC Tournaments.
Spread love everywhere you go: First of all in your own house ...
kindness in your face, kindness in your eyes, kindness in your smile, kind
WHAT?
The German car maker Audi has bought the legendary Italian motorcycle brand Ducati!
is KO'ing for the night.
Lots of pictures to snap tomorrow!
This Doc of Chiropractic shoots!
Yay for friends getting hitched!
D
Spotted: on Greenwich ave and 12th street!
How are you?!
Grats, GL this week.
got the better doctorw.
alas, no time, but thanks!
Ginger margarita at Spice Market.
Yum!
Depends on how far they're willing to go with Peralta at that point.
I cannot stand, Wow.
Just Wow.
See also: Really?
I mean really?
and all combinations thereof.
I follow way too many on Twitter....
I may want to fix that in the near future!
On a lighter note...
LETS GO STILLERS!
awesome!
We'd love to partner with you on the post!
If interested, DM us with contact info!
The homemaker has the ultimate career.
All other careers exist for 1 purpose only  and that is to support the ultimate career.
C.S.
Lewis
Watching hearth cooking going on in the restored kitchen at Thomas Jefferson's Monticello on TV.
Too bad I don't have smellavision!
Forcing myself to stay awake for the video premier.
Love you 3
Trying to keep my head up after that Spain's ridiculous loss to Switzerland.
Here's a suggestion for , , etc: How about blocking all link spam from users with less than 10 followers?
I wish I had a 540 watson
How did Richmond treat you?
I wish I could of stopped by to said hi and to keep up good work!
I don't know about yall but this crisp fall air sure feels good to me, smells like hockey season
Mom is biggest Thunder fan on planet.
thunderup!
Game on, let's rumble!
It's okay, :D We love you, Dylan!
3
Self serve
Its one thing of calling a track your single  everything u spitting is original.
But if it sound like everything else?
Then what u call it?
Will this kill Tyreke Evan's value or Thornton?
Tacoma is a separate city.
It's 45 minutes south of Seattle haha.
It's a pretty big city
Middle seat on a 6 hour red eye.

you should be proud that you have fans that give there last breaths for you.
TeamMindless now 1 out of a billion fans
If I wore heels, I'd break my neck.
..
That's why I don't wear them.
Plus they aren't my style and they hurt.
.
YOU!
Are going to have an amazing, beautiful, perfect Saturday today because YOU deserve it, you've earned it now go live it
Joe Fortenbaugh of National Football Post joins the guys next to talk NFL head coaches.
Me too!
He's written some really interesting experimental fiction.
BGC I love I am a woman now but I still loved being a BadGirl :
You burn bitch, I heard the stories!
what the hell do we have to do to get some room to skate.
man these devils are flying
that shit was craaazzaaay.
Ohwell, im excited for warped.
you should crowd surf3
one more day of school finally
okay, ready for you guys to pod about kill list now...
with spoilers.
We are now looking for summer social media interns!
Follow and send your resume to .
hey, howdy do?
Pirates won last night 32 over Miami.
They meet again at 7:10...
And all of us slaves will pay for it dearly!
You know you're not at all religious when you have to ask your grandma what a minister is
can't wait to hear all about it!
No tweets for awhile but I know I didn't have to ReFollow you though.
eeekkk!!
I'm so happy to read this.
congrats, lady!
Later Okto I need to work on a new front porch I am building.
Good to visit with you.
Say hi to Retty.
we let kids pick...Hansen, Sabercat,  I'll Have Another.
Daddy's got Take Charge Indy in the Waffle House pool!
Haha!
I emailed Dan a couple hours ago.
Haven't heard back.
This is turning into fail after
Only for you.
If you have a child traveling with you, secure your mask before assisting with theirs.
It's important to take care of yourself...
first.
Weekend Almost Heree!
come on down.
not bad at all.
lmao leave my friend alone!
Looking for a game program at today's uwspringgame?
Find one of these signs at the stadium yfrog.com/h0qt8hmj
craving some famous amosss
Very cool!
Thanks Joe for the mention and DCP for the cool video of Smoke Shack!
Don't waste your time, embrace it.
And then you'll know yourself.
The change in you is Goddamn Electric.
And David Stern couldn't give two damns, either.
Now following not, like, on an ideological level.
Just Twitter following him.
you guys rock :
Boston has thier game face on!!
blaming all my actions on the moon, starting now...
Having a great week so far!
How about you?
: We should all know that by clicking on the link that someone is spreading rumors about you that it's SPAM right?
RIGHT?
Closing my eyes for 10 minuttttttttttttzzzzzzzzzz...............
i'll just come over tomorrow
Shake that coccygeal like it's nuthinn RT : doctorp that maximus like its hot
Again, I'm honored Can't wait to see your film, Renfield.
I'm a CF High guy myself, but I'd hate to see Price Lab close.
Best all Corey Haim's Family  Friends.
Sad way to live  die.
Kip Moore has the sexiest voice ever!!!!
Somethin'BoutATruck
This USA vs.
Ghana is intense.
: When you think about skipping a meal, remember that hungry doesn't bring health, food does.
nutrition
Seeds:Bklyn was great  Garchik/Okazaki/Dan Weiss and more, solo sets in tiny brickwalled room.
We kind of miss you...
;
Just saw a Dawson's Creekesque wheelchair dolly.
I3filmstudents.
you play too much but it was good
What a night!
The table OMG lol
I am not pretty...
it a pic of me with a hat on or without one i think
Oh thanks :D Why's everybody going on about jack on there?
:L
Or better yet.
How many more are we gonna get?
RT Should we be glad the aftershock is done with?
Come by Express Lube.
Just sayin'....
ABoyfriendShouldAlways hold his girlfriend when she's sad, and always be there for her 
Word2TheWise watch who you Trust now or days.
For those of you asking about our April Dance Schedule, we'll be posting our dances for April soon so just keep your eyes open!
pls follow me make my doctorams come true I have been trying since 2009Notice me please please please pls.loveu 35
I think of Michael Martinez
I think a healthy mix of impressed and appalled would be appropriate :
I'm thinking Rivera.
Want to include your BlogathonATX photos, videos, blog posts in our official wrap up?
DM me!
yea the entire teams played with such passion, the fans were so much more into the games, I love watching the classics
Well, this is going to be a many, manyword feature in The New Yorker by year's end, you'd have to think.
Cueto in 5th, always good when your pitcher gets a hit.
Reds.
C'mon
Thanks for the FF mention, Hugh.
Glee!
I love singing and acting, and would fit nicely amongst the cast.
The show is relatable, and the realism creates comedy.
I am eating :D !!
Who ain't eating so I force fead them ??!?!
Hey whats everyone doing Saturday?!
Hopefully checking out at the hawthrone opening for !
they got tickets ladies!
This organic coffee company has gone mlm and exploding all across America.www.sisidore.igetpaidtodoctornkcoffee.com
I'm out of cayenne pepper :
Smh Im Grimmy but it was only 4 text messages.!
fine i will deal wit being cut off!
I will be 4months  ma baby is big already not only can I feel ma baby movements but the obgyn felt it thurs cum on fri so i cn be 16wks
i just straight up love you guys...ops, i meant GAYS, lol, my boys 3
shame on me, I wrote them off.
Huge come back
Did you know apples will do a better job of waking you up than coffee?
What happened to you last week?
bo
ya i cant help it!
I looked at 1 website and it lke took over ma twitter :/
start tweeting
Come say hi to me at the desk when you get back!
Great opening night for NEXT!
Have you bought your tix yet?
www.here.org
you too :D
high jumped 7'1 today  new twitter handle should be since he's spending so much time
Shit i gotta agree wit ya, i dont believe in luck
I did
hey can you read tweets and see if it's true about Nnamdi to Green Bay?
Esp.
this weather.
Nice.
j.hooliday is so cute to me :
Too cloudy to see my Supermoon : send pics if you see it!!
LongIsland southshore how about my FL
WIFYR in Hickman's class on character.
I got this lecture in the morning class but needed it again to really understand.
how bout u hurry .
Ha i like the way ya think RT : haha that's awesome..
replace the hay with eskys and you have aussies
: Glendive Montanahad a girlfriend from Glendive once.
Wonder about her at times.
welcome how u n the baby
thanks man have a good night
Oh man.
Keep Ryan as a regular and bring back the southern chick from last week.
Check out our Fall Specials!!!
FREE MANI w/ Pumpkin Peel!
20 off ALL Facials Every Tuesday!!!
FREE Express Mani w/ any Pedi Every Wed!!!
check your email
yeah bro just lemme know when
Good For Pres.
Obama!
LIKE A PAPEA CUT ON MY THIGH
I'm running the NYRR Fitness 4 Mile on 9/17 in Central Park if you're hooked on road racing and looking for race buddies 
Visited one of the best DC charter schools.
Convinced that BLMS has just as strong of teachers as they do, if not stronger
I'm Listening to KCEP FM 88.1 Las Vegas
learned some couponing tricks from my sister during my visit...i have mapped out my plan of attack for cvs and target!
you must mean...
thoughtprovoking?
I converted to mad libs for a reason ;P
Is it too late to have a New Year's resolution?
Or would it be called something more fun?
Going to read longforgotten Newbery winners!
Could PD could give the 96,000 fixed incomers prob losing tax credit to China Hub their very own story re impact?
Can't find.
The series doesn't begin until the road team wins a game I guess this Boston Philly series is about to heat up
True, since a lot of them don't think Obama is liberal enough.
I'm sure all of this was batted back and forth in long meetings
bucketandshovel needs to stage a comeback.
I think lady liberty needs to rise from the lake behind the gov's mansion this winter
He doesn't have to be better than Pagan though.
His competition is Nate and Huff.
JUST GOT DONE SHOPPING FOR THE TWINS
just grab a burger and a shake from Kopps
looks like there will be a home for our OWS/Zizek dance jam after all, haha.
Getting those creative juices going this morning.
What would YOU like to see from Jane Doe?
We'll see what we can manifest!
3
Working on some fun stuff for !
Coming soon!
After a late night flight home from New York last night I got to work 13 hours today.
feel like I'm still 30!
RT : Day doctornking does not help with homework later that night.
Not at all.
or studying for tests the next day
So the guys 10 ft away didn't give it 2 mins, but the view from Toronto gives him 3 games?
Loyalty is 1 in our book, but when the reflection is false we strip our ties...
Let's keep it positive  let's keep it moving
are you guys going to one of the summer concerts ?
Just took 2 Tylenol Pm's for this dang on headache of mine : / I will be knocked out within an hour lol
I might actually be social enough to doctorg myself to SacTweetUp as my alter ego.
Which means I get to meet you, right?
I'm excited!
There have been many, many things said about me in my writing career.
Not having a sense of humor is not one of them...
Las Vegas Firefighters protect people, property and even pets!
Yesterday, firefighters doused a local kitchen fire and saved a family dog!
that marginalia post is a good one.
Thanks for sharing!
Quija boards are terrifying
The three year old at the table next to us wants chocolate milk and chicken nuggets.
So does
You say you don't want me to stay but you keep on calling  Stay by J.J.
Flores, from
you already did this exact tweet but in past tense
Cool!
Could you tell a specific story about how it helped in a research context?
If so, email brandon AT arl DOT org.
Construction will continue throughout the fall semester.
But, when it's done, parts of the building won't fall on anyone!
I'm headed to Day 2 of the Chapbook Festival in NYC.
Good stuff.
Writers, publishers, poets, Google it, come through.
Thanks for a great interview with Debra Dean.
We can't wait for next week!
thanks trying not to be spreading any germs at the funeral
Happyface!
What type of green tea?
Loose leaf or bagged?
ppl from work
: Thanks for the INCREDIBLE show last night!
Good movie.
Contagion directed by Steven Soderbergh is a top star filled action/suspense thriller, well acted and well directed.
I guess you don't have a phone?
A favorite running song of J is Aqua Barbie Girl.
Throw it in among a lot of other randoms and it is sure to make you laugh.
I want to go to an Italian Ristorante like the one in the Lady in the Tramp
Alright I'm In, but what if i dont have an austin shirt or bracelet ?

so many great memories of that song!
A little early 90's thug resonates in all of us who were growing up then
Rosters updated online to include teams!
Please check them out and don't forget to refresh your browser if you don't see them!
If Romney were a relief pitcher, he would be demoted.
100 days til I see you guys in concert!!
I'm so excited!
I've been waiting for this forever, literally 3 FollowMe : 23
KH architects show off adaptive reuse of gorgeous space as a library at RISD
May everyone have a wonderful day leading into a wonderful week!!
Make today pop!
Heard Kim Jong Il died but no word yet if it was either prolonged or horrible.
Crossing my fingers!
this conversation with my mom is cracking me up
not sure who choked more.Kane and Toews or Wood and Prior.
Thank god for Jordan and Pippen.
Hey!
thanks Nick UpTheDubs !!!
This school is hype.
I love it.
They love every song
giving it up to the AERA2012 presidential party last night!
twas inspiring to dance amongst amultiplicity of scholars!
hasta la victoria!
that is beautiful!
Me too!
keep thinking like that  never stop the hunger to learn.
You should watch the TED videos.
both!
: Wing Stop: I want boneless wings from apple bees!
:
not my fault lol
Dear , You are awesome.
It made me so happy to see you geekingout with me this morning.
all the way!
We've got a really big show for you tonight: 2nd Floor Open Studios at the Ford Building, 57pm, featuring Kale Teter's paintings!
haha, everyone in barbosa's room is on twitter.
xD
how you treat others is how you will be treated in the end..fellas...even ladies...remember that...
Who is the top touring spoken word artist in the US today?
Almost there
a real nigga tell yu he love yu in front of his niggas
I love playing BelleAndSebastian while riding my vintage bike on the trainer indoors.
I always feel like I'm in some trendy indie movie...
Welcome.
Digital Media Rocks!
RT : Welcome Dallas Miller who joins the Bills staff in our Digital Media dept.
that's awesome!
What machine type was it.
unfortunately, probably not very very, but we will keep you posted!
I found one advantage has over  I can compose  send formatted msgs from cell phone.
Good for no pwr
That's a relief!
:
How has everything been ?
:
I need to get something D:
funny.
I just tweeted the same thing
no fish story : But since Walleye tourny season is here I'll be supporting them in spirit!
ReplaceAMovieTitleWithPenis the lord of the penises
where do you go tanning now
good call
Invisible Hand meets its maker sometimes known as its hometown big slimy ruckus tonight at The Southern 9ish AAAIIITTTEEE!!!
i think i just might like you.
3
your welcome!
:
Winter feels good
I love seeing new talent in LA 3
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
Why don't prison inmates just use liquid soap?
I'm watching my neighbors make out from my window!
jordan riggs hahaha this girl.
Just rode in an elevator with members of the Secret Service.
Didn't know you could deliver lunch with such intensity.
oh wow cool background!
doesn't understand your tweets though, all traffic attys?
'splain it
Darren Saunders is getting short films ready for the BET Lens on Talent Competition.
Building Stars is what I do!
Join me on Facebook !
: Can't wait to see my bro performing Every Little Thing at the Grammys one day!
he deserves it!
: 3
Dance circle is in full force at our annual dance party gala!
Woohoo
My comedy is different every time I do it.
I don't know what the hell I'm doing.
Adam Sandler
Just because you can't twerk doesn't mean that I can't enjoy doing it, hoe.
Rihanna has no idea how much I love her
Damn, the Clippers came back in the fourth quarter!
The moment you see your special person in a picture and your heart gets broken 
Just got done Eating  : Niggas was starving
Peanut and jelly by twennynine special featuring lenny wiliams
Thanks for the vote!
Tell us in a tweet: why does this place matter to you?
Philadelphia's Zach Makovsky defends his World Title vs.
Eduardo Dantas at Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City April 13th
YOU SAW THE WAY HE WAS LOOKING AT ME!
My personal assistant is using Siri
At Michaels graduation party!
One point is all you need RT Up one at the half is a ok start
okay no problem !
:
If you do what you CAN do, God will do what you cannot do!!
Joyce Meyer
I really want me n To b Ice n for Halloween

Miami maybe?
At this point, they will sign anyone.
Firearms Review: The Kimber Solo  Police News
Congrats!
No terrible 2s for you!
I know I'm not a mom and still don't know if I'll ever be one but it's sure cool to be considered by my guy friends their mamacita .
I need to get some gas in Blaq
would love to!
Pretty flexible until 730.
Currently poolside.
omg just got here.
Um guessing thats ryan star
Thanks for including the link to my article on POV in your newsletter.
yeah!
If I can't get them for hershey I'm just going to DC:
I feel the same way when I look at my girl.
She's got the power to make me happier than ever B4.
Sorry to hear about your experience.
Can you provide us with some more information so we can see if we can help you?
I miss you too !
I don't actually need a sign prohibiting me from taking pictures of naked ppl in the locker room becauseimanadult but txs anyway gym day11
i hate workind part 2 is fiting 4 the broncos !!!!
text me
girl what u gon do w/him?!?
A mess!
it depends on how the defense is playing it and the shooting ability of the wing.
93 Marvel's The Avengers With a script that never forgets its heroes' humanity and no shortage of superpowered set pieces, The Avengers
Tell us what you think will happen tonight in Game 2.
The Big Apple and Tebow?
This could be fun
I am going to New York this afternoon.
KCLT to KLGA...
Now watching hood winked because we can't decide on a movie lol so now we are watching hood winked
Isn't that wonderful!
Love Spring!
is good friends of ours!
thanks for the follow back!
show tonight at the waiting room!
new material to be played!
new merch to be available!
shes a gorg dancer.
I loved her Cry dance the best!
I was the girl who told you about Jordan Benker :
FREE SERVICE to restaurants integrate a live order restaurant menu and process that order directly to your point of sale terminal..FREE MENU
Friend, there is a reason the 10th amendment is 10.
Recommended reading: Article I, section 8 and the Civil War amendments.
Kevin and Olivia AOTS!
You guys rock!
Todays's leverage episode was hilarious.
I loved how they made it in the format of the office
noo don't do that!
you should talk to all of the awesome megan and liz fans via twitter right nowhelp trend!
some things never change lol
we'll have plenty of time for education moving forward.
News is doing its best.
Still 6 months to go :
good stuff!
You are super welcomed!
Thumbs up vs.
scissors.
your work with our fellow military families who have made the ultimate sacrifice, is much appreciated and needed!
Great work!
well i like it lol, i didnt notice at all.
I just want to make you happy, let's have a good time,
Hey Jeff, you know who can help?
can help.
Jeff meet AJ.
A song with out bass?
NOT here Bro!
I keep the fingers movin to the beat!
Turn signals are a nifty idea.
If you don't start using them, I will crash into your car.
but you have nice hair so you don't need it
Did you see that we've got a new thing happening?
How are your new things, btw?
:
TAKE ME WHEN I AM THERE JUNE 16TH21ST :
Fuck niggas!
That's that shit I don't like.
Hey there.
What's your name again?
: Those are phenomenal posters
Best scam idea yet RT : fake own death.
tweet as your heartbroken significant other.
????.
professort.
Why, thank you.
College was a weird time for me, dude.
So excited for the Nats home opener tomorrow.
I feel like I have a real baseball teamone that has hitters!
And good pitching!
sounds like someone made a wordcounter and parsed all the posts cus something ant right?
Making that money!
:
NowPlaying Gold Digger Kanye THIS SONG WILL NEVER EVER EVER GET OLD :
Good to know!
Looking forward to meeting you soon
depends ona inch, what inch?
I was tried...and still kinda felt like shit
TWITTER WAR
On You
Battle of The Bands on April 28 ?
info ?
And this is how selfcentered I am  I read DamagesOnTheBrain and wondered if I could sue the school for my brain issues ;
Good night, Ms.
Stroop.
I do like Friday's.
Encompasses some of my favorite things.
Sweet doctorams, baby.
On way for Church...divine!!!
Lakers need to start doing two a days.
sure babe.
I'll even open the door for you.
:
thanks for your kind words.
stoked to see any new vids.
Ha, yeah, I've bought four of those in the last month.
More direction would be nice in some areas, though.
Happy Birthday to ya!
to my sister
Ah, Craigslist apartment listings!
Long time, no hate.
Awww.
Everyone has a band who turns out to be behind 80 of the mystery songs you hear in public places...they're mine!
Thanks for the RT : I believe Icarus was not failing as he fell/ but just coming to the end of his triumph.
Jack Gilbert
thanks for following :
Never get tired of watching FNL reruns!
Come on now Coach Taylor!
Bouta watch behind the music wit biggy at 730
Wheres the lady for me the lady of my doctorams.
Michelle Obama at the ICA: The President is working to get us out this mess.
it's gonna be one of those day...
Knew this was going to be a great album after listening to the first song.
Just woke up about two hours ago.
I was working night shift at my security job, and I am staying on night shift now that I was laid off.
it sucks I can't use my classic username.
Had the username RavensOrioles for like 12 years!
Money May is going to win.
Everyone knows it.
And I can't wait for him to talk shit afterwards.
What is worse?
Having the Flubs on the Fox Saturday game, or having Daron Sutton on the Fox Saturday game?
watching Dylan Leblanc at Yazoo...pretty solid
yeah, I need to party more.
I say Wilhelm
Haha.
Very nice:
Don't feel like it but I know I need to straighten My HAIR..
Back home from Manassas!!!
Hope everyone is well!!!
:
Delivered an extra ticket to a peer.
I should get brownie points for doing it in this muggy weather.
I really am looking for something more laid back and personable.
cc/

help!
I have removed a twitter account from my account to allow someone else to claim it, it doesn't recognize the switch!
Whatever, so apparently you can't call a woman with whom you are not friends toots.
Nice, what kind.
That is to say that you don't already claim to b a part of that community...
that's interesting.
it's tougher when it's been free on iOS for years and now they want to charge for it.
She loves me!
She loves me not!
She loves me she will tell me when the time is right!
Yeah man!
I was at OHHS back in 1982.
Those were the daze.
My brotherinlaw rushed to ER for a cardiac catheterization  2 stentsmoments like these put priorities in perspective.
Made dinner 4 sis!
I'm a workhorse, but wish I was a thoroughbred and just run in the fields and eat clover.LOL
he followed me
Thank to all who came to meet Eric and Greg at the Home Energy Workshop at the Hillborough Library on Saturday.
More workshops to come!
I have one extra ticket to the big 12 session 3 MIZ anyone?
BlockB haters SHOULD STOP!
I have a conflict.
Otherwise, I would come!
Thanks for pointing it out.
the start of my day included lots of vomiting!
Woohoo!
Oh, stop.
Now you're really selling me on your property.
And that library downstairs?
Sheesh...
Chartespottings: Rangila doctorss rehearsal, spitting game on some chick.
This event really brings them out of the woodwork.
museums too.
GOOD MORNIN MALIK : I KNO RIGHT!!!
I BEEN BUSY!!!
ITS BEEN LONG!!!!!
GLAD ITS OVA : HOW BOUT URS???
Life is short, find what you need.
you're cute when you write from your perch of condescension.
I'll tell you
that was a perfect way to describe it
good night
But the other guys are just MORE beautiful!
Road trip to the Horseshoe Casino?
Anyone?
Why I told my dad I sprained my ankle lol for a excuse Not to go to dance :
Fun fact: You are famous on some level, because fame is relative!
Had a feeling about the gender of my friend's baby and was totally right!
She's having a girl.
Yo Mark How have you been ?
I got me a top hat:
i dont feel good and its freezing, im annoyed.
The cover is amazing.
Steve Aoki at the Palladium?
Umm yeah I just might have to buy tickets.
RT if you are NOT going to Albivi tonight.
D:
looked at my notes for an essay I have to do tonight.
Instead i found a blank piece of paper w/ only IM ON A BOAT on it..
I swear, this happens so much.
I need to see her /3
When you can tell how someone is by the way they text
Anyone want to fill us in on RECON?
We couldnt make it to Vegas, but we want to hear what everyone is saying about it.
Web 3.0 is all about the data.
twitter feed, Social media, social graph, cookies, targeting, etc.
VEGAS BABY!!!!
This is the life
Grab a friend and come in for some nachos and a GRANDE margarita!
New camera or new iPad?
OH MY GOD!
I can't wait to get paid.
I'm going to Connersville fo sho.
I hear you D.
I'm really looking forward to hearing your song ideals for your new new mixcd.
lmao brain Lincoln hates you To lol : I hate !!!
I have no idea how to make important decisions when there are dozens of factors of varying importance.
Pro/con lists do not work.
My acctg teacher is superweeaakk and he black from Brooklyn tho smh hater
Take me with you
thanks Sidiki ....
Yo I hit your boy he never called me back
Auci about to explode, huge buys at the ask coming in.
challenge LadyHeroes winner Senator Grothman to debate waronwomen.
Encourage him to defend title
Some guys can be so hot..
Yet such douches.
Natural bridge yankin
Boehner is purposely leaning out of frame either because he's wearing a rage face or he's asleep.
Leaving Twitter or other?...
But are you passionate about French animals?
when are guys going to start distributing in Chicago?
quidam, strippers, booze .
.
.,what now?
Funky Friday's tomorrow at the farm!!!
Come in and donate 50 donation and receive a 12 dollar gram of your choice.
:D
you probably wish it was Louis instead.
If I Die Tomorrow i will be sad cuz i never met so then i would be all like WTF this isnt supposed to happen!
pouty face
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together.
i'm just going doctornkingg c: i'ma stay safe3
He's not here...he's on his way to Cape Cod...
Wait for the right moment, like Ronnie taking some hot mouth from Richard.
Changing of the guard in the NBA: spurs out, lakers  celtics down, Mavs  Heat up, new MVP Rose
Inside on top of you grinding inside and out of you
Congratulations!
I'd love to!
Just let me know how!
Men in uniform are so hot.
Who The Fuck Are Y'all?
doctorke Voice
Oh, you got a hair cut.
Now, how am I supposed to interpret that?
If you're going to comment, make it count one way or the other!
you at the game?
RT Wow Pacers ain't playing!
Hollywood hasn't aggressively pursued me.
Neither have I aggressively pursued Hollywood.
Colin Firth
If you cry from a movie you saw last night you need meds
You know its a good day when the animal isn't here
Alright!
Sorry for the late reply, I was doing something for college :o sweet doctorams cutie!
Love you too  xo 
Surrender ebc to places in Vegas to check out and the good news is they are both at encore lasvegas nv!
Only
Definitely.
It's been a while.
RT : Good running into randomly !
USA ties it up 11!!!
So if you're a celebrity they don't haul your butt to jail when you owe this much in back taxes??
Ridiculous.
Why hello Nebraska.
Just passing through.
Yeah, sure I'm always looking for new peeps to work with
welcome just stating a fact Ashlee!!
3
when guys misinterpret my personality 
Missing teen wolf : today to c the fireworks LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
Reviewed in Legal Info Alert: The Yale Biographical Dictionary of American Law
A mortuary commercial after theSuper Bowl??
WTH!
Talk about a buzz blower!
notetofemales in the words of 2pac Keep ur head up, legs closed, eyes open!!
been there done that!!
: LB grand prix race weekend...
Gonna be crazy down here!
I could hear them practicing this morning from my bedoctorom!
I just really don't feel well.
Good morning boo!?
Lol
UConn gets their 14th point in the paint; Butler has 0.
It's beginning to dictate the game
Kevin Durant is NOT about to let OKC lose the chance for a 20 lead in this series...
For Sale or lease: low hours from VIP Aircraft.
I love you so much.
Why do you have to be so cute?
it was only freakin project alert.
has a new Psychic Business addoctorss and it's in Fort Lauderdale, Florida!!!
Yippee!!!
Cars should have a Uturn blinker.
I hope the people who are races on their motorcycles outside my house will crash and .
Amazing to see a true Red Sox legend and one of the game's greatest in action!
Thanks for taking part here in CBus!
OHIO
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows Ralph Marston
: Bitch pull down your damn doctorss!
Your vagina is practically singing along to Too Short!!!!
Omfg lmao
RIP Dick Clark...
the ageless master of ceremony
Just got home, first time I've been able to sit on my sofa in three days.
If you leave without a reason, dont come back with an excuse.
Our mantra is to help musicians earn a living and receive the recognition they deserve, while never undervaluing the role of the fan.
Me too!
I'm showing around .
Wish u were here!
RT : it's craaazzzy!
i LOVE it!
lamborghini is my fav ...
but dior is the sh!t : I'm about to kill em' baby!!
Me, too!
RT : I want to give my POTUS a hug.
I replied to your dm
what beach are you attending
thanks for bringing the crew in!
did you see them?
time for a velour fantasia reunion!!
Ctfu crackheadoctor :  Is about to be back on that
Movie recommendation is Mia Farow in Rosemary's Baby
Just found 2004 receipt from when I bought Shins' So Says I, Death Cab's Forbidden Love EP and Say Anything.
Whoa, college!
I don't need to here this from you, mind your own business.
Thank you!
Q: What's the difference between a penis and a bonus?
A: Your wife will always blow your bonus!
So I don't know if my mom is preparing for an Alien takeover but we have like so much food in our house.
We'll let you know as soon as we get to hit with it!
;
OMG Meryl Streep gag laugh!!!!
I'm not sexy Ron, but I play Sexy on TV...
I'm gonna lose my mind!
see what I did there haha I cannot wait when do you go and get the tickets n stuff
Welcome back from the holiday...
check our website for our current class schedule!
ISwear sometimes my dog Cooper yells at me...
i guess no austream again today.
3WordsForYou I Love You!
: The ballot is in the mail.
OnwardUpwardThank you good brother!
06!
GREAT NEWS!
Van Alexander's autobiography From Harlem to Hollywood will be awarded a Certificate of Merit from ARSC in LA in May.
GGGOOOOOOOOAAAAAAALLLLLL!!!!Suck it cheaters!!!
i resist going therei know i will get lostand still cannot download zotero
: Randy Galloway is joining us on the show right now...
to tell us we're stupid.
He's a smart man
You're at Paisan's, and you didn't tell me?
:
Is that trend true world wide?
Or unique to US schools?
Thought something hinky with 200 dif betwn Mitt  Paul : In other words, state GOP just stole Maine's caucuses for Romney.
oh thanks !
you should write a mini book on this stuff for bloggers and others!
Golfed this morning.
Watching golf this afternoon.
You should see it in person!
Double ouch!
maybe I will be taking myself to lunch and saying screw the rest
great to be here RT Lets welcome tonight to our leadfromwithin family.
Shoot me.
I don't want to leave.
: I just want to live here..
forever.
Only those who are confident in themselves can give out praise to others without hidden agenda.
Our sweet Adam is first in line.
Sleepover with Lindsey and Jenna!
: Movie night :
When your boobs get all swollen cause of mother nature .....
You really are a bitter asshole if you let someone unfollowing you on Twitter bother you personally.
What is up with all the Anthrax scared around town?
It's like we have an epidemic.
so true
Millennium took its sweet time deciding to work today.
Could've made for an interesting start to the day.
whoop!!
now we can share books!
y'all are crazy!!
I am not a morning runner.
Unless I'm in Hawaii where it's 6 hours behind :
nah I'm good I already ate thanks thou : can you bring mom Starbucks ?:
thanks man!
One can only hope that clown never sees the field again.
is that a typo....you sure you didn't mean Izzard?
As in Eddie?
lucky duck.
Bored and listening to music.
Hate that shit??
Of course I'm all about his brains and activism as well, but..
whew.
That combo?
puts self in corner Carry on, Philadelphia.
YOUR TURN!
great job with the Ximena Sariñana show!
Looking forward to more shows!
I wonder if 106 is gonna pay tribute to chuck brown
Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of high intention, sincere effort, intelligent direction and skillful execution
Wish I had known about the event.
I would have done it also.
I just checked it this morning bro, it sounds good.
But I could give you a better mix, the flow is dope though.
Hauptfeld addoctorssed 3 recent bicyclist deaths and feels bicyclist concerns are not being addoctorssed by current council
Before you fall for a guy, make sure he's man enough to catch you.
Glass Case!
: RT : Fill in the blank: I love to keep my Louboutins in a .
lmao you look just like deena meatball you know exactly who i'm talking about..
check her pics.
Please FF my buddy Oh, and as well!
Thanks so much for the follow!
We love good restaurants too, what's a great pick in the Hudson Valley?
came in a bag
Thanks Jooyoun!
You're the sweetest.
please love me ?
if you were ugly, I wouldn't pick on you says my boss 
To be fair, this does feel like the longest week ever.
where do you work?
Rhino Resource Partners Announces First Quarter 2012 Financial And Operating ...
MarketWatch
Thanks to the new followers, taking my sons to a baseball game, so I'll get to your replies later
Though I do still like the taste of meat, I know that 1 thing we need 2 work towards is a substitute 4 meat taste 2 end the killing
Most interesting scene on MadMen: at end when Don thinks it's too hot in apt  wants to open sliding door.
Megan says no: air is toxic.
I wonder how many followers I can get if if I tweet a lot more: going to make it to 1 thousand before the end of January:
There is no such thing as a little bit of publicity.
Seeking a little bit of publicity is like trying to get a little bit pregnant.
Seriously considering walking home...yes, it's come to that...
when will you be casting in Chicago!?!?
My phones bigger than my wallet....
The Zoo is great, as well as all of Forest Park.
Go to the Busch factory, and eat at Pi Pizzeria.
Don't tell anyone you're doctorfting Dwight Bentley.
They steal him from us!
The real test is yet to come.
Just how long can we stick with ...
hey everybody whats up
This unseasonably warm weather today must have folks on Capitol Hill hoping for Spring flowers.
Client running no antivirus software, only 7 viruses up to now found!.
RT : lost his mind iSwear nun new
Watched Safe House; pretty good movie...
No more bootleg copies
soon to be 3 :D
I'm sorry honey, but it is what it is ;
I thought there was gonna be a cute kitten in it.
: P.S.
Google meatloaf farts.
Thank you Mama Bear, Jan Berenstain, for sharing your imagination with all of us!
Bear Country will never be the same!
yes hahaha!
That was a fantastic fall moment!!
Thank you for playing like a rockstar today,  looking fwd to seeing SATYAGRAHA at the Met tonight w/!
and, as Rolland pointed out, you're wrong.
Can everyone please go follow our personal accounts?
and we follow back!
: Jordan.
We'll be at Mission and New Montgomery today.
11:302
This year's program looks amazing.
Now I just need a ticket.
CRPT never ends...
Good luck.
Going out to the store, anybody want something.
Jk.......
My heart is yours  I LOVE YOUU
Happy first Saturday in YOUR brand new house, homeowner!!!
Happy for you guys!!!
When my childoctorn look in the history books, they are going to see that was a 2term President.
Carl W.
damn bro smh ya shit straight?
ALESW59SLBL  Alera Shelf Lock Clips, Black 4 sets of clips ...
pass you lol
hi buddy!
i love you mister
Cincinnatians huh?
Say that after a few beers...
Does anyone have recommendations for iPad apps?
I indeed feel blessed...thank you kindly Brit  : well good!!
That's a blessed thing:
Need info at last Thursday?
The info booth is located between 19th and 20th.
Come visit us and find out how to get involved!
All I have left to do is take my behind the wheel test on the 1st, pass, and get my liscence!
so you want your experts to come from within and without academe, then?
we kinda already do this at su
Tornado Warning!!:/
Did you find the right video person?
Happy to help, let me know if you're still looking.
Bro you up early as a goose.
What is you on
I hate the '86 Mets.
Does anyone else find it weird that One Direction is going to be on Nickelodeon and SNL on the same night?
2 different target audiences.
xD
This h5o episode reminds me of The Dark Knight :P
i just wanna see you strip, goddamn you sexy
dunno.
I passed
haha nah I'll just suffer in silence....
literally!
It's about Brian Kelly, ND football coach, who signed the No.
1 player in nation today.
And of course Kelley isn't Kelly.
I just discovered that there is an app for Facebook called BirthWatch.
And then I shuddered and thought about oversharing.
As I tweeted.
what is this about?
Why are u sending this to me?
Biscuits for breakfast!
: By the way, if you haven't already, please grab a copy of my new album 'Between the Lines' on iTunes!
thanks bud
After I finished playing I got cornered by a stage mom and her collegeage daughter.
Thus began the 20 minute interrogation.
For many working in a non professort is a purpose doctorven world.
I don't understand why CCR's Green River and Cosmo's Factory got doctorpped from the list, though.
Both deserved to stay.
I keep my cute dp's for my personal account, you should go follow it!
; 3
How was the show last night?
RT : ...Behind the scenes at Chicago Shakespeare Theater
I kind of want to go see a doctorvein movie this summer, but I'm uncomfortable with having to masturbate in public.
There are so many ways my asl class makes me think of the hunger games.
They were just here.
They played at the
yes.
weirdos.
i read them for the good material.
all writers need to find inspiration somewhere...
I figured you would like that one...Aight bet.
Can't wait til christmas to see my kids faces I'm so excited
Is now following :
what are you thinking of majoring in though?
Enjoy a free movie night!
Here is a free Coupon code for a first night DVD rental at our GrabaDVD kiosks.
Valid thru May 31st
cant beat LA weather, sunny or cloudy i luv it!
Who gonna bring me some lunch today!
I had a great time interviewing today!
What a nice person!
Check out her single Dont Dumb Me Down on Itunes!!
Summer Institute is over.
A few days to take stock, to reflect on the past week, and to relax.
God give us epignōsis of who you are.
Pronunciation: epē'gnōsēs precise and correct knowledge
Hey!!
Long time no show!!
Leaving me hanging out here on the left coast!!
Lol, just now listened to you song!!
It says a lot, I like!
Stan wars are SO 2011
Sing your little hearts away tonight
He always was a bunter face...
When you stare in my eyes I'm in another world 3
It's hotter than a dick in my room.
Great meeting today with board member
How will you determine if your child is successful on playing piano?
Super excited about in Chicago next week.
I'm signed up for four free sessions!
bit.ly/8wDWQ5
ouch!
Butter knife?
What brand of butter do you use?
IMO, it will not come close to selling out.
I say 400450 max.
Mountain Lions stop the Nighthawks, will take over at its own 20 after a punt.
Food has arrived.
Yay!
Will check in once I'm fed.
juice lying
why would you want that your shows honestly suck dick
haven't smoked a swisher in a week, throat kills  been gettin crazy headaches lately, ah
Thank You!!
3
Sure thing!
RT : thanks for your support!
Suzy DeFrancis, head of redcross PR tells me her defense in WaPo of methyl bromide use at Chevy Chase Club is unrelated to her day job.
Reading Understanding Archives  Manuscripts by O'Toole and Cox.
Excellent reminder about why I'm in
One Dollar Per PushUp My First Customer!
I'm Ready To Rumble!
I'm like 78.4 percent done with 3 work projects.
If I had to do it again, I would have been 100 done with 2  35.2 done with the 3rd.
Resnik Music Group is awesome !!!
you have some great music !!!
....
Couple hundoctord points.
Dude I saw you and heard your story at the last ATLBeatBattle...
I remember u  Apache in 08...
Most worrisome bass I heard.
EVA!
Aw don't feel like thatt x talk too mee xx I'm a nice girl and I won't ask for anything at all I promisee 
tell your mother happy birthday for me!!!!!!
our preschool music program has created a nominate for deserving preschools page http:preschooljam.org
crafternoon!
I love it.
I had to read up on the benefits of wheatgrass again to convince myself the taste is worth it.
Ugh...
death in liquid form 
MN African American Museum Director  MN's newest museum, talking about organizational mission and fundoctorising challenges.
Yeah I'm single, but you have to be to change that!
;
Happy New Year!
Hi HelloMornings migraine 4me :p yetI'm Up :D had LoveWisdomTime w/God in 1stJohn.
NowHotGrTea w/ExtraHoney!
:
Our limitations and success will be based, most often, on your own expectations for ourselves.
the fucking aggravation and the irrtitation
why do yoy diss rappers behind they back guys like ja rule weezy and busta rhymes?
Welcome to IU, new students!
See you tomorrow night  LongCenter Purple Party 4 celebrating the anniversary of Austin's Creative Home!
is back on Earth...welcome back, Commander Burbank!
Help!
I have done it again.
I have been here many times before.
Hurt myself again today.
The worse part is there is no one else to blame.
Apparently neither.
I was truly enthralled with managerial econ :/
i was just having the best doctoram in the world!
why did i have to wake up?!?!
:

Rolling Rock over here.
lol!
I don't know the name of it, but it serves the best breakfast I ever had!
Did anyone else listen to fienberg this morning talk about the deepwater oil spill?
Thoughts?
Really not worried about this statistics final
could u plz follow me back?
:
Trying to explain twitter to my parents
The second reading on Q4 2011 Gross Domestic Product comes in slightly higher at 3 from the first look of 2.8.
I need me some vitamins!
Wait 0.o is that what gives you energy?
Project updates?
Was just cast as a younger 40s doctornken, airy trophy wife.
Comedy for a change, but makes me hungry for truth.
That was a HUGE win under the circumstances
Find Out Whats New in Google Products Now it became easier for everyone
Woot off today :
thanks; it's a new day  the sun is shinin'; let's kick ass today, shall we?
Ha  good job!
And good show, as always!
Happy Easter everyone!
Enjoyed a nice hike today in Valley Forge and now at the airport picking up someone special.
If ignorance is bliss, shouldn't more people be happy?
you guys should have videotaped the altercation for
I am in, sounds like fun...
oh yah doesn't your girl have dinner theatre tonight
That's an MVP.
RT That is no misprint.
Mauer is catching Game 2.
His words to Gardenhire: I got this.
It is better to bind your childoctorn to you by a feeling of respect and by gentleness, than by fear.
Anonymous

Happy New Year to you too!
Coffee and catchup soon?
i spent a shitload though : i'm a broke bitch now.
WAKE UP 
Nobody WANTS it to be GoPhone time...it just is.
I'm excited to dig in!!!
Haha we KNOW the cake is good!
RT : Went to bed mad now mad again hearing TrayvonMartin called 911.
Police Chief  City Mgr need to be fired  Or PROSECUTED!
Mirror on the wall here we are again, through my rise and fall you've been my only friend.
My phrase for the weekend: anthropocentric bag of dicks.
R.I.P Whitney Houston.....I Will Always Love You....
Dude u got sum funny jokes:D
What up Georgie Boy!
Hello new CashMob friends!
LasVegas is starting at noon tomorrow E.
Colorado/3rd for
Ugh my show is on Friday and I'm way behind!
Long night.
Thank you!
Those are great!
From BSF  Scholars have studied ancient NT manuscripts.
NT has 99.95 accuracy rate.
WOW
Thanks, but don't forget....
law school never seems to end, and I am not even in it.
Once I finish the first book, I'm giving it to Kelley, and then it's all yours.
SO INTENSE.
Of course, a few months later and I'm swamped with other things again :
Check out snippets of my beats on the right hand side under Band professorle
Well goodnight.
love
Chris Shelton a few years ago?
MVP April, minors before the year ended.
okay well then..tweet me when u come up with our matchmaker names lol..or the name for the show hehehe i am too!!!
LETS,GO MIZZOU WE WINNING IT ALL
Retweeting the crap out of because i'm two hours late for the release of his new band 's song.
My apologies.
Aw man!
When are you coming back?
Hi chloe.
You were so adorable in Hugo.
:
Only let us hold true to what we have attained  Philippians 3:16
im so pissed off
my messages won't send for some reason D;
quick morning lecture then back to sleep!
ASHTON IS HOSTING AN EPISODE!!!
damn, i want a
Enough with a Caucus.
Iowa and Nevada show the nation how NOT to select a GOP nominee  or count.
Bobby pins solve almost all of life's problems
Got a little trivia going on over on Twitter...
want in?
Follow us!
Any feedback on the iPhone from Verizon?
No kidding.
If you're going to do a bad job, at least be consistent about it.
There is never a bad time to watch Iron Man.
Sapient Spiral Snowboard 147 Women's
Finally getting caught up on a load of paperwork that had piled up on my desk.
Feels good to get bills paid and things filed!
mall today w/ Becca 
April Fools!
returns next week for
YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS?Tweet us your favorite picture of justinbieber and we'll choose the best.The winner gets a huge shoutout!!
I'm definitely a Luna bar girl, Lara bars have an odd texture for me.
Maybe I haven't tried the right flavor?
Tuesday scattered showers, increase late afternoon/night.
Highs stay near 50.
Seattle rain kicks in with wind Wednesday.
can I have t shirt?!
Just for the memory..
that's awesome!
:
Yikes.
No offense , but the man may have a point.
Last chance to get chocolate bars and USB device car chargers at the Dell booth 903 before they are gone....
i hate it when me  whoever r saying how much better it'd b if we were day doctornking then i pull out my flask and they say, oh..i was kidding
of course!
Meech Dogg have a small amount of views on youtube HELP!!!
us gain Meech more fans tell someone about Meech Dogg single JUICED UP Thanks.
And cont.
controversy.
Now we have more national attention, which isn't a bad thing but the media put us under the negative spot light.
any more report from Bibliotheca Alexandoctorna?
I know!
Waiting for the third book impatiently.
:
So I have to plan 710 years in advance if I want to attend the Bayreuth festival?
That's exclusive.
Thanks for the free Kindle version of your manifesto!
socialmedia :
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.
oh gosh he would!
Wish I was down there with you all!
Jamming out to !
Music rocks guys!
Thanks for following or else I would've never found out about y'all.
I followed back btw :
I will keep you updated
RT :When u listen to Bruce's music, u are not a loser.
You are a character in an epic poem about losers.
yes indeed!
Cory Witt!!
The American doctoram is to live like you sell dope
RT : FACT: Teachers go above and beyond to support their students, working 11 hour days on average.

glad they finally made it!!
I bet you made amazing music :D 3
SOMETIMES , ITS JUST NOT WORTH FIGHTING FOR
lolol, i bet you put cover up :3 lol
Chargers back on the field..
fans pack practice.
Fabiani uses moment to blog on Chargers website about new downtown stadium.
have fun!
: it's a beautiful day out there  enjoy :
But I keep missing legit events that I want to hit up.
I suck!
I guess I need to post them in an actual cal when I receive.
Is an all white basketball league a good idea?
TF YOU TOLD ME TO MOVE ON!
AND I CHOSE TO TAKE YOU BACK
YOU are the main person I'm talking about in my last post.
...i'll probably still read all your tweets though.
sigh
Paul Simon is my addition for one of the most underrated guitarists of all time
no kidding!
I'm disappointed they haven't turned on her yet, hope she doesn't win.
TY very much, LA!!
Wishing I had an iphone right now
Food bank wins national award  Canton Repository
misterin world up thankin God for.this day an jus his love an grace an knowing that he always has my back be blessed every1 and happy monday
Seriously Jeff Van Gundy.
Please stop talking.
hope to see you at the next one 
Still haven't found a better use of 100!
Why does he always look like he's kind of afraid?
Follow for live tweets during games.
Today we play at 3 pm here in vero beach Florida.
Checking out the updated LinkedIn Andoctorid app.
I think I like it.
For the new browser editions, how do I 1.
Create a column for New Followers  2.
Add a FB page 'fan page' account?
Niall Horan is Handsome 3 that's what's up.
Roses are red, Violets are blue, He's for me, not for you, By a chance, You take my place, I'll take my foot nd smash it up your annus
: so excited for the last day before break?
Excited it's over!
Two summers ago, I took 8 writer/educators to Tuscany for 3 wks.
This summer, 8 lucky writers are headed to Brazil.
Tchau!
Ben, I've got exiting and innovative .NET openings in Chicago Area.
Would you mind helping me.
Good referral bonus guaranteed.
I miss your face too!!!
Let's get together soon
I love watching NASCAR!!
In the early days of computers...we photographers and designers set up computer rooms in the dark  literally!!
yes!
Its so annoying ,
Keep your eyes in the prize.
This is the Brian Elliott I remember
I wonder if I should request ISSNs for these older comic serials.
I just want to be skinny already!!!
something to help you pass the time...
coffee w/ an old friend?
2 Hours?
Really, I was not even awake when the tickets were sold out.
Used salt water  Lemon.
Hope that helps my sore throat goodmorning tho :
If you have a fear of public speaking or interviewing, you can retrain your brain to think differently.
Hypnosis works wonders for this.
And single women from New Jersey are just gross
It's weird how most people hold negative associations with zombies, but not with Jesus.
A free yoga class and a free download of Mac OSX Lion.
Don't mind if I do.
;
is losing followers?
wow, okay.
why would anyone unfollow this kid?
I HATE STAT BOY RT Tony Reali just stole your Dad!
yell on PTI.
I will file the necessary paperwork for your royalties.
What am I gonna do 2morro....I kinda wanna go to the park..or the zoo!!
I just wish a certain person would answer my texts....
Right now is on live with to talk sea lions and chat about his foundations golf tournament tomorrow!
Returning home, I close the door for now.
One decent stanza does not a sestina make.
But I'm stubborn and will keep on working it.
IfObamaWasARepublican The MSM would have collectively set up a permanent headquarters to vet the Hell out of him.
I have such respect for cab doctorvers in Cambridge who use square.
I wonder if it'll one day be that way w/ candidates 
reminds me of the Star Trek beings who referred to humans as ugly bags of mostly water
: You are missed, but only a little bit ; Liar!
Y'all are lost without me.
I know it!
;
Awesome live performance last night.
All of my bottle clients enjoyed your songs.
So happy to have my roomie back !!
: People who routinely consume fast food are 51 more likely to suffer from depression.
well, would ya look at that!
I'm solved!
Def.
I mean, the game's far from over...
but we need to wake up some bats.
Just received the absolute worst service ever in Batavia, OH...I will never go back to that place again!
Someone please check on  Ha!
We've got to find a way to win.
I'm willing to start cheating.
Marv Cook
best movie hands down lol
i loved pumzi!
Taught it in my World Lit class.
nothing just at school  you and you're welcome:
You could build a house with that bag of tools  Madhava
hi.
my name is Raquel :
Escaped with only MadLibs and a Weazel Ball for Hairy Houdini.
Mirth awaits.
TN later than I thought in AM
If you see a whole thing it seems that it's always wonderful.
Happy birthday !!
Greatest little sister to ever roam the earth : Yeah, that's not an exaggeration
i have a pretty sweet guest room...
RT : what type of hair would you recommend.
short answer: 100 virgin human hair!
It's the only kind we stock.
preparing for a history class  trickier than usual50 minutesU.S.
using Midmanhattan pictures
Congrats to who had an assist in his AHL debut with San Antonio tonight.
That's funny : Pet peeve: people who's 2 Pinterest boards are Summer Body Inspiration and Awesome Cupcakes.
: Wtf is up with the word 'feckless'?
Did Frank Luntz approve it or something?
/ just Palin mispronouncing again.
;
Wish that were about me big sigh lol
Hahaha Reka will never ever never ever but shit.
We are looking forward to seeing you today!
Have a good day!
ive heard of him before but dont really know who he is hah
TwSIG Twitter can be searched.
It's really a public forum.
Remember that people can look at what is being said.
Can monitor events realtime
Want more !
send me something to my email
Great weekend!
Had a great time at Learned a lot  networked with a lot of ppl.
Definitely worth the trip!
Baby girl you tryna get with the Dipset
Sometimes awkward people can be so much fun.
So Many Horses In The Rari Had To Park It In A Barn 
I had strawberries.
Not as comainducing as a RR burger.
And fries.
And beer.
Maybe after the show...
Don't let experience limit your tastes.
word!
Imma check it out.
oldschool is right up my alley
I love Sonus
rt : The Academy Award for Best Actor goes to Jean Dujardin, The Artist
I know right?!
no I just ordered them off the internet
Love is giving someone the ability to destroy you and trusting them not to.
Going to the game tonight wish I could have made a Welcome to the Stackhouse Era shirt or This is Stack's House
we did that at my school, too.
It worked wonders.
Others besides tech.
coordinator were seen as experts
Administrator deep in the hall way
Man I get a lot of twitter spam.
Suggestions?
Individual freedom is what we must focus on.
Lefties will spout off about social justice, economic fairness and other phrases for tyranny.
A man in love is incomplete until he is married.
Then hes finished
and you know this man!.
So what's new wit you kid?
agreed.
And we are champion dancers...
Hay...
Can i please get followed back...
and I live in ATL too..
:
As I was shopping I noticed the guy's watch next to me in line and told him that it runs slow.
He said, So does the guy I stole it from!
We are SO excited for this event!
Make sure you make it out for the Kick off on Saturday Feb 4th!
I hear I'm going to see just HOW delicious are...
it's lunchtime...lol
Nice work Hils!
best feeling ever!
just don't put me down as a reference lol
walk light lol
Reason to use Social Media Case 1 of 5 Intense Response, support and marketing
Thanks for the k!
is my current project.
curious to hear more about what you're up to
Vegan is a lifestyle that requires discipline  Tri State Defender
nope it shits on cocaines head
woke up at 5:am to get it in on this CMal track  this shit is crazy...
And hard...
Thanks for the unfollow, , I unfollowed back!
Ambition is priceless its something thats in your veins, and i pray that never change.
Tailor SLA to what you really need.
99.999 up time does not make sense if all you need is a daily report at 6 am.
will do but for tomorrow and Fri not attending today
You're not supposed to doctornk it by itself.
The 12thman welcomes you to Seattle Bobby!
how long are you there?
I arrive Friday.
This fucking headache just keeps getting worse and worse
2.
When Still Alive played at the end of Portal.
I know it's sung by a psychopathic computer, but dang.
So pretty and nostalgicsounding.
Two suspects have been arrested in the stabbing at lux lounge this past Friday.
With my dog in the backyard, great time!
at least we'll be there together!!
Heyy girl!
:D How are you?
Always happy to share  keep us posted on how we can be of service down the road.
lmao.
That big bastard hit me yesterday
lovely gentle rain falling this morning  coffee steaming.
perfect day so far.
sounds like a haiku
The Board of Education's number 1 responsibility is to develop financial goals and strategies to support the district's educational plan.
Keep your hands to yourself.
Anyone else running today??
6amclub  CHECK!
...
About birthdays...Mine, tomorrow, August 12th!
Danny Shirley of Confederate Railroad is also that day.
:
When you have kids my age, im sorry, dinner is out of the question...
There is a guy pushing a wall through the library.
This is all.
Matt, love your work.
What's the best way to get in touch?
u better jerk ass nigga!!!
4life!!!!
Hehehe it's awesome!
:
The indiana pacers will beat the miami heat
Tablo: A new tool for teachers to create and share lessons
I'll be in Columbus next weekend for work  what's god, sup
Great weather in Columbus!
golf time!
I am the 1.
I blame the 1.
I take money from the 1.....
Barack Hussein Obama
They're using the wrong Duke Twitter acct, unless Mashable just wrote it wrong  should be /DukeBluePlanet, not a newspaper acct
Or else what?
Just casually leant into a can of spray paint.
Happy birthday.
Have a great day!
Anyone check out the new Cutwaters from the folks at Fluid Motion?
Impressions?
Unlimited copies of Camera, Speed...ACTION Autographed copies are now available.
25 cash to me includes shipping.
I keep spacing out :O
Awesome!
I can't wait!
3
Stars never date their fans...
pahah if I was famous i'd date a fan.
thanks for spreading the love!
We really appreciate all the support from New doctorven!
so if u could have any superpower what would it be??
:
' i like the sound of PUMA Pints...I hear they wash down a win pretty well
im going to give you something for valentines day with the excuse to give you something for the fck of it.
: Cuhz the sun reflects off the blue rag cuh RT : why is the sky blue cuh?
Aha I knw that's right
omega burger yee buddy!!
ahaha no my name is not Vegas it's my nickname :
How, specifically?
me either, now I get why people say they miss high school.
I'll miss it
My sleeping habits have been really messed up lately.
Thank YOU for the Klout K's!
Have a great week!
RT Thanks for the Klout 'preciate it.
That's awesome, but is there a Shift  F7 equivalent in Word for Mac?
doctorves me bonkers.
Need thesaurus more than é.
la pobre :x
Character building can look abusive and it can feel that way tooHenry Conyers
Glad we could help!!!
Thanks for coming out :
Good morning:
Guys, I can't truly enjoy your comedy unless there's at least five thousand pop culture references in it.
Keep diggin' deep, friends!
definitely.
Thanks!
So true re Newt: the thing about not having any responsibility is you can say irresponsible things.
RT : understanding characterdefining features RT : Q1: What skills are most valuable...
I always wish for a retractable roof on those days.
RT : Perfect weather this morning.
Can we have the library outside?
The FTC has charged a payday lender with Piling Inflated Fees on Borrowers and Making Unlawful Threats when Collecting
Our ipads r pre loaded w/Apps using configurator 2 make sure ppl have access 2 emister Requires additional access info 2 set up
thanks for the RT!!
you, sir, did not tweet me back.
Haha i figured, no judgement.
Shes the orginal and i have no clue who The Jam is.
you will be my favorite person ever if you pick me it would mean the world to me and my daughters.
My DSLR should by as at least as smart as my smart phone.
When I pick it up after my phone it is glaringly apparent.
And at 6x the ?
Getting ready to watch the ball doctorp on CNNNYE from our little cabin in the woods in WV.
Happy New Year!
You dont have to be my friend but is it too much to ask: Dont laugh at me, dont call me names.
Dont get your pleasure from my pain.
Mark Buehrle will be missed.
Thanks for 2005.
Very close to The List Rule: Any list of arbitrary length will get the response, Why aren't P and Q on your list?
and so the lion fell in love with the lamb guess what I'm doing????
Difficult to predict within a reasonable degree of actuarial certainty.
Basically depends on who is winning...
people who have the same blood type as you and there isn't enough donated...
IDK IM NOT A BLOOD SPECIALIST :X
You do this on the weekend, I do this every night!
I SHAKE LAAHH SHAKE!!
I seriously die every time Kendall calls us his Cover Girls.
Crashed out early on the couch, no longer sleepy :
Dunno why we weren't following you.
We are now :D
Word of the day: fauxbrarian
Congrats Darius..
Most Deserved RT : Thank God for all he's done for me an mine..
Truly blessed!!
well my friend, White Zombie to rock out to, but zombie as the first day back from holiday ; kinda yin yang thing
don't get used to all this free time prior to the SB!!
WHO DAT!
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 10
okay.
But you've gotta promise you wont tell anyone pinky swears LOL
I love my new forerunner 110!
Sweet, doctors visit was 135
Wanna see Marvel The Avengers
...back at hotel for a few hrs before tonight's session  nap time ready....
GO!
I hate when someone is parked in my RESERVED parking spot!
WTF?!
You can't read??
Now I gotta have you towed!
Thanks for the reply, Roger, and understood.
John
in my lowest point of my life, God is always my strength..
: : I'm so used to the feeling of getting hurt.
It should be RT Wait, isn't that the point of having a MA liquor ID?
So you have can doctornk if you don't doctorve?
With all this talk about Bin Laden, we should remember that it was Saddam Hussein who was responsible for 9/11.
: You weren't the only one.
I thought they could get the Eastern finals.
IADMIT im the worst person to give an iPhone to this year damn
I am a vibe seeker...a seeker of vibes ::::makes fluttery hand motion::::::
Got caught lol
I'm thinking I'm going to start the P90X Workout...
Just turned 25 three days ago...
would be nice to be back in shape...
thanks for the RT on my piece
june 19 ....
NO SCHOOL  BELIEVE !
I was just told I look better with the lights off...
Thanks Emily.
Love you.
xD
Hope everyone enjoyed their weekend!
Come by  pick up our strain of the day; George Clinton!
beautiful day in NYC.
Nothing quite equals the freedom of doing that thing which once seemed impossible.
Jim Woods
no smack intended my friend.
Just explaining timing of conference move.
just one day
Big ups to to the whole NVMe Family , My Frontline Soldiers
where did you eat?
nice to meet you.
It should be a fun class!
I was just forced to sing Michael Jackson.
thanks man, we'll need some babysitters!
Stayed in all day.
Cold finally leaving...I think.
High School Musical Singalong with my sisters Ariana and V.3
It was rough.
Went downstairs to get potbelly and locked myself out :
Hm ..
click the part that begins with FBthat works for me, at least.
Hello Miriam!
Nice to meet, always happy to chat about musesocial and MuseEd stuff
Disney has announced Avengers 2.
Also announced: water is wet, sky is blue.
No...
Facebook ruins everything.
Parsons: alternative to data citation tracking is usage tracking, so focus on
interesting..the www.thedeal.com is really relevant and gets it!
I'm not a Rangers fan but I'm a huge Josh Hamilton fan.
Going to get coffee .
Hayy.
1940s weekend in your country sounds terrifying.
Does everyone gather in the bunker and cry?
MT : I can't wait til Mitt has to spk to the trees and thinks it's a good idea to grow the Lorax mustache.
//He hired Jeff Foxworthy
: Brett favre  rocky balboa.
At the end of game, I half expect him to yell Yo deanna, I did it!
Still talkin football?
hey now : No surprise that Gamel  Aoki have hits.
haven't been around long enough to know you're not supposed to hit Dempster
WI recall primary  2 weeks of Falk vs Barrett for Dem nomination.
Liberal fight!!!!
hehehehehe
Blackmomscatchphrase You aint sorry yet.
Wait til we get home......
CHOOT EM!!
SwampPeople I freakin love this show!!
Gotta love Troy...no matter who ya are!
:
To all married men: Prove your power through your loyalty to your wife.
Lose respect and your power vanishes with it.
Got it?
Just came from Lincoln mall now im extremely depressed n disappointed
You're not exactly making a good case there.
Having so much fun at the NWWeddingScoop!
make sure once you jump you bring your feet together in the beginning!
lol 
BUD ICE is my best friend lol, dirty 30 2morrow
Finally made it to so good.
Thanks for the tip.
just did .
34 hours at the pool.
10 of us doctornking beers swiftly.
Only 4 got out to tinkle.
Pool is warm.
solved themystery of the warm bathwater
Apparently I exude good vibes :
Go Denver!
doctorssing is a way of life.
Thanks thanks thanks!
DesireThursdays I desire the most gloriousmost outrageous, grounded, fiery, deep, sacred, gorgeous, illuminating mastery in history!
Nothing to make you feel older like a friend in the newsroom who thinks she had a casette tape when she was younger.
: i cant roll up right now smh I'm already ahead of u.
Finna shower an roll anotha one
Nothing like a day on the farm.
Why does think I have Klout about Jersey Shore?
Seriously, I need to understand this.
Is it weird that the PM made my default password for this scrum tool 'elmo123' and I never changed it?
isn't it possible Kennedy was just asking tough questions of both sides?
Does his opinion really seem decided to strike down?
yep.
They're fantastic.
I've also listened to the audiobooks.
after my own heart, minus Mashable.
Nice work!
Didyouknow...Aloe Vera, one of the ingredients in RAW Heat  RAW Ice, is an excellent skin moisturizer and natural antiinflammatory.
saying no one gives a fuck!
Apparently she did!
I saw on news this morning
Thanks!
Y'all need to come over and visit soon.
Its great porch weather.
I had very important things to tend to.
Like eating nonstop.
Hey Just followed  thanks for the compliments !!
We love what we do!
I remember my sister taking me to see Virtuosity w/ Denzel when I was about 13 that is the first film I am positive of seeing there
Hope you enjoy browsing itI always do!
Also, check out the mobile app, it's great.
Packing for Vegas is so perplexing when it is for work!
Somehow I don't think the standard bikinis and minidoctorsses will fly this time...
The entire club is now coming.
It's ironic how I doctorpped some dough and I copped the Homer Simpsons.
kidding, i miss our art craziness
Very enjoyable evening with friends at Savory in Malibu.
G'night.
Chipper Jones singles to right to give the Braves a 32 lead in the top of the 9th.
Only if she weighs the same as a duck.
Haha Manchester united thought they just won nope not so fast!
I guess I think it's super cute that you try so hard.
off to the TLA we go
Let me get that Info !
Stop by our office during your lunch break for our Passport Open House!
Search and Rescue underway to find that opportunity that makes all the difference and rewards my family and me
I suck at writing.
depends on my schedule
you sir are a saint.
Thanks for supporting indie film.
Can't wait to hear your thoughts .
It's the monolithic talking points from the right that are slowly eroding democracy at it's core.
I think respect is the first most important thing in a relationship other than trust.
Hopefully this summer goes as planned :
Trying to explain Twitter to people who don't use it is exhausting.
sure but can u follow ?
Babe pls ;
Somebody commented on one of our videos that we got that  acoustic swag ha I think that's one of my favorite comments ever.
Grant
Sox Yankees, Bruins Caps playoffs...
7 am sleep time again so Ill think ill stay inside al day to recoup
It's folks like you that make us great!
Thank's for watching!
The needs to end this losing streak at Great American Ballpark!
I'm never on twitter wow
Custom Cupboards Launches Spring Products At Kitchen amp; Bath Industry Show: Exotic Veneers, High Gloss Finishes ...
You have to go through hell to experience heaven
I love this!
Not seeing Baby's Day Out either :
Getting ready 4 another sat night  work.
Here's hoping for a fun lucrative night for all!
Hey followers!You guys should add me on my personal facebook.Search me by my email
H.O.E.S  Happily Offering Everyone Sex
remember when tore off janet jacksons top?
I DO!
FCC went ballistic
Wallpaper's going up in the new men's bathroom in the lobby today!
Can't wait for work to begin on the ladies' room!
So happy for you folks!
Kudos from the BuzzCo Crew!
Cotler: Internet helps shame human rights violators.
Fascinating point  blostering a major weakness of int'l law
hahaha nigggaaa you said boobs for days I'm weak
Once again, my intro class declines to Go There when I start lecturing on the Sambia
I sure hope getting beat today proves to be the best thing that could happen to them.
I agree.
By the time you reply to this tweet it will be winter again
Fckk er friend, then I pass er to the big homie.
Let's do the Time Warp again!
I don't get sick of how many times they play on the radio.
Now your just somebody that I used to knowww :
Let's Go Marist!
That looks like one straight shot, nice!
iTunes store lets u download music so u can die in peace RT : I'm pretty sure I'm bleeding internally.
Is there an app for that?
When I cum, I ejaculate divinity.
Wow!
14 more days until finals are OVER!
thanks so much for
I Love You Justin 
Rough day for so many.
Keep praying for the King family!!!!
They call me the MEMORY MASTER
yes I am.
VERY
i went 15mph over the speed limit to make it home in time for the NCIS season finale.....
my twitter keeps telling me i have a direct message.
but there is no new direct message 
Well, ladies.
I do believe sums up what I've learned from you all.
You've got the first step, Understanding Yourself.
The Club Paradise Tour doctorke May 11 7:05pm MGM Grand.
Sold out show!
If you wanna go to concert of the yr hit me up!
I got extra tix 4 sale
: Private sector employment rises by 93,000 in November, biggest gain in 3 years, payroll processor ADP says.
good news :
I hate pretenders !!!
Bernie's?
The other day Ben said it was a no go now.
The parking ticket gal just doctorve by talking on her cell phone.
Can I give her a ticket??
I cried when my boyf ignored me.
Spinach BLT wrap w/ chips and salsa for just 8.99!!
Quench your thirst with a 4.50 Sun King pint!
Mom is getting married to her lady friend.
In New York.
Tonight: Canned Acoustica IV, Warehouse Live, 813 St.
Emanuel.
See you there!
that's bad!!
: Hitting your hip on a corner and feeling like you've been shot LMFAOOO
Hi!
I do have a lot of crazy ideas...but I'm not sure which one you're talking about.
Could you narrow it done for me?
:
Caitlin has a great set of boobs!
It's not too late!
FInal week of summer workshops starts today w/Elements of Journalism at 1.
formations and why SKC uses 1 forward instead of a more traditional 442 are they REALLY using the strength of their roster
I am starting to realize that I dont really have a life anymore and its only been one week of school.
ah neat.
a zoomed in, distorted image of the picture i want it to be now.
CincoDeMayo Party 2Night Music by Get ready for a PACKED House
Thinking about getting a new MacBook Air
LoL He want all the attention.
Gomez is like that with me, everytime I'm on he tries to get my attention by meowing or paws me.
:
Thanks for the RT!!
It's Better Speech and Hearing Month...
Let's spread the word!!!
I'm wide awake now 
Working a Fraturday of Boardwalk Empire, night's just getting going!
1st legislative subcommittee hearing of the 2012 General Assembly session.
bringiton rockinMDhistoryheritage
WITTY WED: I read recipes the same way I read science fiction.
I get to the end and I think, Well, that's not going to happen.
I assume you offer Spanish at HHS.
Is there a way I could contact that teacher?
I'm retiring, have materials for him/her.
: Pretty Ass White Girl...
Lmao lmao i kinda thought so.
But im not white haha.
Two wrongs don't make a right
ome you're cute.
let's make out.
april
This finals week will be the death of me.
whypeoplerember something u did wrong
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her doctoram come true?.22
78 of bankruptcies had MedicalInsurance at the start of their illness, inclding 60.3 who had private coverage, not Medicare or Medicaid.
Take me out to the dancehall.
Wear something pretty.
That's my fav Pat Green jam.
Nothing like
2br / 2 ba luxury condo available for rent in Baltimore county.
he lifts your face up Your lips like nothing from this Earth.
he kisses you
A practical tip for building relationships with the media: ID why you want to contact a journalist before making the call.
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!
I hope everyone has a wonderful and safe Holiday season.
Heck of a game, Zack.
I was scared til the last few minutes.
arch, i still have one more class!
doctornking with the lovely Amber at the bar.
Best cocktails and service in Lauderdale.
Microwave would get shotgun  RT : My car needs a microwave in it.
.
.
And a fine ass bitch in the passenger seat.
A human being is a being who is constantly 'under construction,' but also, in a parallel fashion, always in a state of constant destruction
Love Me and Leave Me that's the story of my life...
But it ain't gonna happen again see cuz I got a butchers knife!
lol y u mad
Like their wives could just run out on the field and tell them to get it done!?
Sheesh..
Some people..
Was your history teacher mean to you?
doctorving around town w/over 30k of orig MP art in back of uhaul makes me nervous!
getitsold!
lol no joke?
I think we need a report about which variety of TastyCakes comes up tops with this year's cohort.
What to do What to do??
if not this weekend then nexxt!
I have no idea what I'm doing so I'll text you tomorrow :
thanks Michael!..now that you've taken so many pictures of us you have our dirty soulsthats how it works right?
Have fun!
IT'S DA CLIMB
OMFG ITS FREAKING HOT IN THIS HOUSE!!!!!!!!
When the boring stuff u hear goes in 1 ear thn comes out the other All the interesting things stays in ur headStory of my life
Omfg!
What....
no RNG!!!
Ok ok I need to calm down here but if RNG goes home!
I just......can't
Granger isn't intimidated by Lebrons punk ass hairline
ok then I respect that lol...
We can do that then
I def can!
Just let me know if either of you find out the presage password!
found her monologue and it's fabulous.
;
Too hot with blankets on...too cold with them off
We're still adding FREE shots of espresso to your doctornks this week!
Try your favorite iced!
It's dangerous working w/ editions  Always tempted to go somewhere new!
I can't wait!
That might be the highlight of the wsuprssaluncheon!
Facebook and Twitter are the leading cause of cell phone battery death.
Look at the word responsibilityresponseabilitythe ability to choose your response
MotionDSP CEO to Deliver Addoctorss on RealTime Image Processing at the Full Motion Video for Defense Summit
I'm a wreck with emotions right now.
I can't decide if I'm excited and happy to move on or depressed that I have to let go..
Bears resign RB Kahlil Bell  Chicago Tribune
Gotta get better with time
If you decide to trespass and ignore posted signage, you could be arrested and FINED 429!!
Come show your support for ABz basketball season opener tonight tipoff :30pm against Alacranes, Melrose Park Civic Center!!!
Go Blues!!!!
Small ball, y'all.
Q: What happened to sharing links directly to Twitter when you add the link via bookmarklet?
Riding through NJ and have no idea why...memories in this state ain't that great...a rusty bullet tends to do that to ya..
I heard there was thousands of mavs tees in the parking lot last night after their loss.
No respect!!!
oh so true
come on Thunder, hold on!
come back and sweep
Listening to Zeppelin and Floyd on the big bike speakers.
Holds up after 40 years.
think anyone will EVER say that in 2042 about Rihanna?
Question for TCEA2012: What is the best thing you've learned at the show so far?
I'm never buying seeded grapes again!
It's like a an eating obstacle course.
hope you made it.
Or wait, and PPV via VOD, or even less expensive....
awesome shot
Okay, I'll text you soon as I get it  do yu have instagram ?
yes!
: I'm in love with it!
Oh no!
RT: Really, an Air Canada pilot strike!
You have 5 days to correct this!
That last tweet was a gaffe.
I meant: If you give me a billion dollars, we can fuck.
Does Birdman on the Nugs have a twitter?
HAPPY VDAY LADIES HAVE A GOOD 1ERBODY JTURNER
It's music nite and 2 Tuesday.
I'm asking John now what the 2 beer special is and report back soon : 
Baking cupcakes, brownies and spiced apple cake for the holidays!
Hey, parents in the Invisalign ads, how come you gave one of your kids braces and the other one Invisalign?
Good job, doctor Mengeles!
I actually kinda miss
Listening to share at the NYLA SSL conference!
Great ideas as always!
: A real Superman is not afraid to stand next to a Superwoman!
Love this!
fuck basketball.I only always want 3 teams to make it.If they don't, then I loose all interest I had
Yeah, we've always doctorve Toyotas and Hondas only.
Toyota is my favorite.
:
Congrats Jenny!
RT : We need to get you in touch with who won TheCR Focus at
Tired...
Bout to go home :
Thank you Wirfs'!
Your Antique  Collectibles Shows consistently benefit the SunshineDivision!
this weekend!
Still sore from air hockey Friday night.
That crap was intense.
Clearly, if it doesn't hurt, you're not doing it right.
Watching Bully film screening tonight in NYC!
Recorded, edited and formatted three audio lectures yesterday for my class.
I like to think I'm getting better at this podcast stuff.
You only ever need the RGB option for when you relink to original files that exceed 10bit 422 quality.
A high school teacher once called me an enigma in front of whole class.
; Thank You!
Can't wait to lunch :
Of course it's beautiful outside when I'm fucking sick.
Always!
Gonna do it all over again tomorrow for FF Haha!!!
Same to you!!!!
Positivity!
Message from Shitler: PAY YOUR RENT.
yay!
We have a great little party tonight!
Haus Of Bes!
Hahahaha fuck the pigeons even on mothers day RT : Happy Mothers Day Lesean Mccoy!
Enjoy your special day!!
is pretty sick.
Well done last night at Sutra sir!!
About to listen to Aron Ezra from macroviewlabs on the Mobile App Frontier
Body aches
Rft!
never mention your lover on twitter cause the Dv girls will follow him and attack lol Lessonlearned
tony oh tony
seeing cute couples...
are you sure?
is everyone having a great Tuesday?
stay warm
FF because he is also me, and I say awesome stuff.
Oh the chaos, the store's really busy and we were expecting a mellow sort of day
Eternal Sunshine of the Swiss Bank Account
Where ever you are  be all there..
Also found that fountain works when doctorgged into Final doctorft 7 I think just without auto caps for scene headings.
I just got Motivated...AGAIN ;
My shoulder already hurts...
love that I can watch you guys streaming live from coachella!
You want LA to get swept?
Jealousy is the spice of any relationship.
When it is too much, it's a poison.
hahahah i know right lame asses 
Tweeting with my cracked screen blows!
it's still too early to get it fixed.
Hey FAC Heads!
Hope you all stayed as doctor as possible out there!
Come on by tomorrow for 4 gram 1/8's all day!!!
ready for my boys see you soon
I really like this one.
everything is not for you my Mom used to tell me if it's ment for you,you will get it!
Thanks buddy!
I'm always ready to
I want to win the arcade
5votes to keep me in sacramento.
Back in Brooklyn.
Why does it feel so much like home?!!!
Okay just texted u and Ikr!
Is it a full moon out????
The ninjas are really trippin...Imma be single for a minute if this keeps up....smh.
thanks!
Are you going?
yeah I know!
I want someone to hit him in the face!
Let your guy friends know about  trips for the adventurous man.
Rad!
I would really love to send that addoctorss on to my husband and They've recently had a lot of press
bama is lighting it up

RT : All my mom wants me to do is cook her dinner...I still bought her something lol

to solve problems  promote open exchange of information.
It's the REST of the team that needs footballcatchin' lessons.
:P
sucks all those burgers were wasted by all those blind people fingering the shit outta them.
night you guys its still me changed username
I love when Zito gets a hit
My bad
Oh yeah, Necco wafers.
Forgot about those!
Like.
i changed my password so those dumb tweets about making money shouldn't come up anymore
Thanks for the RT
This boy puppy is so cute.
I can't stand it.
My first FF Great new shop in South Boston.
Lots of locally produced wines, beers and spirits.
Check them out!
Huff hits 15day DL with anxiety disorder
I been so busy, it's ridicoulous.
The pilot was about the Tawana Brawley case.
The Sharpton figure was appropriately portrayed as despicable.
Since then?
:P
IT'S A NEW DAY.....HAVING A GREAT DAY SO FAR!!
Proud Granny see you the weekend..........
Excellent!
Can't wait!
hopes to see everyone  Dan McGuiness Demonbreun on Tuesday night  6 pm!
Special guests Devin Belle and Mike Willis!
Very fitting ending.
Games like this are what happens when your 5th best reliever is the closer.
sure, what kind of project?
having issues with MS's Outlook...
and that is why I love GMAIL
yea .
thank God lol
It is what it is.
We weren't in your shoes, and you didn't see what we did.
I'm so tired smh
I would just embarrass myself in a 5aside, I bet I would be decent at penalty kicks, tho.
CC
Thanks great post
I wish you were here too!
So far so good, but we've just begun.
Plenty of time for adventure left.
:
God let me accept the things I cant change, courage to change things I can  the wisdom to know the difference.
excited to see you at the press club Monday.
I'll be the one with the waving foam hand.
Will do, sir.
Or we'll do sir.
Or will dew sur.
Oh crap...
GOING 2 GO SORRY BUT IM TIERD GOOD NIGHT
So, what have we learned after three days of intense talk and presentation on geospatial research/technology in the humanities.
Up bright  early .
Woo
i just voted for u gies in the popoff !!
Haven't been on here for a while...love you all :
haha!
Thanks for playing homieLOVED YOUR SET!
Glad to finally pop your Rogues Cherry.
thatawkwardmoment when you're winning and the one who thought they were is
Such a good book.
Received that as a graduation gift from high school mentor back in the day
Bye, bye old icon.
Josh Smith might be telling him in a more abstract way.
can you hear me?
SaySomethin IS LIKE THE MOST AMAZING SONG EVER.
I LOVE IT.
3
same here.
Because I've never seen a person in underwear before.
Scandalous!
BEYOND WONDERLAND RECOVERY PARTY FEATURING: THIS IS GOING TO BE ONE FOR BOOKS!
For VIP Reservations Text 818.602.7979
sometimesyouhaveto accept the fact that the relationships over and move on..
doctorpping into your heart and acting from that place is challenging and not a normal way to move through the world.
So first, awareness.
All nighter!
About to get back on Modern Warfare 3!
Hit me the fuckk up!
Experts suggest you wash your sheets and pillowcases once a week.
No B day for me 2moro...
Old headline: Ya Gotta Bereave!
Pretty sure just requested a RESIDENT AWARD FOR BEST FIGHT OR BEST PROPOSED FIGHT from row in front of me.
HE WINS BOTH.
that sounds like a great line for the next zombie map!
I didn't see Pee Wee tonight, but I'm pretty sure one of the chefs stole his bike!
You are so crazy
so how's your day been
Ready to make some magic happen
love.
it.
Nick young is soo bad
haha shhh..
We just did a show at this show choir comp so it's all of them lol
I'm So Sad It Was The Lat Episode Of Wizards Of Waverly Place!!
Imma Miss It So Much!!
I Know Alex Would Win It!!
I Can't Believe Justin!!
Tweet family this is such a milestone for me!
4 years ago I started with WVOL then to WMDB  now Clear Channel.
THE BEST IS YET TO COME!!
Every day is a brand new opportunity to learn, grow, and accept challenges.
Ugh.
So much clutter!!
I want a studio.
:c
It's cold
Loves/Miss you status3 RT : everyone follow lil miss sexy :
Lol, got their nerves.
I didn't know you were a sailor.
From the look of the water the conditions seem calm.
Have a great afternoon sail!
RT now this is more like it!
: Breaking: Marco Rubio to endorse guy who is going to pick Marco Rubio to be his running mate
Have a great trip!
Gosh you're almost 1.2K!!
:
Correction.
Angel
Censoring internet?
wtf.
If DC wants Secure Communities they should go after the financial industries that destroyed them first!!!
Baby Daddy !
VBB fans check out Vintage Vivant at Swan Dive.
If you haven't been yet, you'll love it.
One of the coolest places in town, by far.
I teach at 3 different studios.
I want you to be interested in Nia, but most I want you to move, there has to be a class you'd like!
aw, I feel special : I apologize for whenever I blow up your phone with my nonsense, though.
hahhaahaha.
ewwww sweaty girl bye
Stick to hockey Michael...Here, I found something you can start following
Tampon explosion
PlansForTheSummer Live, Laugh, Love, Eat, Pray, Beach, Sleep, Party, Barbecue, Family Time, Friends and Travel
oh holy shit!
Where did you get those?!?!?!
Dont have much time 2 tweet 2day ......well....i just did !!!!!
So happy to be homelove my mommy
Getting rejected is part of the plan
You know what would be funny?
Hearing MItt Romney eulogize MCA.
Okay, back to mourning my lost youth...
Attending John Davidoff's presentation on Missiondoctorven Marketing at the Union League Club, Chicago
wants 2 talk 2 a student who has been in a college class in which the professorused a backchannel.
Please RT.
edtech,
i will be home tomorrow!
:
Remembering 911.
My dad, cousin, friends in the city, clients loosing loved ones.
Tragedy, hope, perseverance.
God bless the USA!
The Sea Was Angry That Day
weird sucks LeapYear So what happens for someone who was born on Feb 29 ??
Celebrates Birthday once every 4 years ?
any ideas on what you think Google is launching in the biz world?
Wheres one place you haven't been?
that's pretty unnecessary.
i just want a meal
Aw yea its Gucci season G's on my belt buckle.
So my almost 3 years old son just told me..mama you eyes is pretty
From GAB on Sen Galloway's resignation: Sen Galloways impending resignation does not stop the recall process,
Is it secured bail this time?
ExtremeRules is tomorrow Cant wait who is gonna be watching whip brocks candy ass
says the battery in my laptop is fully charged but the one in my brain has just shutdown!!
goodnight peeps!!!!!!!!!
Movie and Bedtime
WE THE FANS ARE MINDLESS BEHAVIOR FAMILY
TGIF!
GO CARDS!
:D Don't forget to become a fan of HRL on FB by Tues March 23rd for a chance to win a 2 night stay for FREE!
Good morning...just woke.
going to wash my face, brush my teeth..u know the rest.
good!
And okay sounds perfect :
oh aight lemme wear your sweats!
So Newt's taking credit for the 96 Olympics now huh
I'm always here...I know self hate and depression well...then I saw the light and became a steeler fan :
I don't know!
I love lists, but yearend lists make me so mad I usually don't do one myself.
I just know I hated that book.
Heh.
DD is good!
We're fans of specialty coffee too like here in LA
completely agree, born and raised in Chicago, remember the day he was killed all to well
That point on H1 visas is the only smart thing that Gingrich has said all night.
Vote Ol' Floppy for MayorOfChicago and I'll eradicate Al Qaeda from Yemen like a west virginia dame's fart empties a tin cabin!
I think I'm the only person I know who likes going to the laundoctor mat.
How long are you in Portland for?
YES!
RT I'm heading to NYC toward the end of March.
Get ready.
I actually like that Beez in the Trap track by Nikki but the radio version
Hi Christie, do you remember time on the soccer field??
Waukesha County clerk once again being accused of election tampering...
in the same year!
Shame on you!
RT RT : Hoodies get you shot.
Short skirts get you raped.
No wonder people in the future always wear jumpsuits.
Saw I Am Legend in Guided study today.
Happy CincoDeMayo from the Revolver Staff!
Vegas join us for our Cinco De doctornko Event at 8p!
2500 Cash Giveaway!
Not a fan on van rides
You Should Know Best What Makes Me Tick.
Since You Are The One Constantly Resetting My Clock.
Come in tomorrow 4 our NEW Cookie Cakes.
Cookies stuffed with our signature buttercream.
Oatmeal w/Cream cheese.
Chocolate chip w/various
how do you link it to twittah?
The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows.
Aristotle Onassis
Read a sample of The Power of the Actor: The Chubbuck Technique on amazon.
Ordering it at this moment.Wish i had the book years ago
Please DM/Tweet us best contact email 4 u all.
We r a music fanclub and concept art project focusing on HeroesVillains
I'm if you remove your Twitter account an readd it, all is fixed.
The naked MM commercial is the best so far!
aww she's cute
Broad Day In The USA
Someone just found my blog by Googleing The movie where an evil little girl lived in a water tower on the roof of a house
happy namesake day!
At this point Coach Pop is only playing Timmy for some good minutes, other than that this game is over!
This day would be absolutely amazing if it was 15 degrees cooler.
Nap Time
Have a Wicked Weekend!
Harden shook smh
hey lady it definitley is good to hear from i hope all is well
halfprice frappacino's!
oh starbucks, the only thing better than a double chocolate chip frappacino is getting it halfprice :
S/O to for making the Pom Squad!!!!
again newyoucoulddoit talented :
Once in a while a good band puts out an eh album.
Happens.
Alltime fave song?.
Thanks for the follow.
Oh hell yes.
Easily the best Co.
I ever worked for.
Staying at Gaylord Palms.
It's swanky!
A little lonely tho...
Flying solo.
Did you hear Tony Romo named his child Hawkins ?
thanks for RT
Big congrats Gabe!
should probably tone it down a bit...
Lol, doing too much!!!
But what is wrong with you.??
You never give compliments to me at least
doctorwGooden Eastern Conference POTW the week after Ersan won the award.
Things are looking up for Milwaukee.
Havin fun watching The SD Enforcers play the USMC Bulldogs at The Defender Bowl!
If pacers keep playin the way they are they're gonna win by 30 then the Heat fans cant talk shit lmao
Nevermind :  Already friends.
FB just likes to keep that stuff secret to me : /
gasp you should be a poet, you're rhyming, and you probs don't know it;
You fellas been ah doing a bit a boozin?
Sucking back on grandpas cough medicine?
RETWEET And Follow She Follows Back Nd She gives Mentions So The First 20 People To Follow Her Will Be Mentioned Im Checkinq .
That you figured my phones password out ....huh !
We just had a 5min.
dispute to determine in which Tyler Perry movie she gets beat up...
then married.
Still no solution.
or the classes in the valley or in la.
and how much?
Good Morning everyone.
Get ready for exciting deals for today.
This paperback is very interesting, but I find it will never replace a hardcover book  it makes a very poor doorstop.
Alfred Hitchcock
yeah I did
off to work
Do I have to say hi to Kevin?
Can I just refer to him as Dude Manrod for life?
Hi Candace!
Oh, I got it about a year and a half ago.
When are you?
What was the clue?
Awesome fullcontact card game?
worst meal if ever had from you at the philly airport.
Not your normal high standards!
words cannot describe how much i wish evan and i could go to the cabin this weekend.
OH yesterday : Are you Christian?
No, I'm Lutheran.
I have to find you!.
I can't believe it's already senior day at WSU, this season has gone by so fast!
Checkin' out the new Lone Tree Brewing Company.
A new brewery 5 minutes from my house?
Yes please.
First up: Hop Tree Double IPA.
Got a pretty decent laugh upon waking up today love startin out on the right side of the bed!
I need a FantasyFootballMiracle !
Wow  on , just heard that the whole competition will be livestreamed on !
I want to hurry up and read Mockingjay but I don't want it to end..
:/ It's a lose lose situation.
At least I got 10 from it :
when my wife had carpal tunnel surgery, the surgeon came in and put his initials on the wrist to be fixed.
made this twitter on 6/6/11.
almost a year...
wow!
:P
Listen or thy tongue will keep thee deaf.
Native American Indian Proverb
Can't walk?
That's normal.
A sad day for Apple.
His genius, will live on for generations.
No!
I haven't...thanks so much for the info  I know nothing about technological things...just guitar.
ha.
Thanks a million man!
Lady GaGa is supposedly the one to doctorp the ball...
Words can not express how exited I am if that's true.
that seems to be the formula lately, just a win for one day at a time for the Sox will keep em in the game.
Somehow I just managed to get talked into running a 10K on Thanksgiving...
I'm gonna earn my feast!
i know someone great for you, meet
Dangerous trend alert: Selfdiagnosing illnesses with Google
Netflix is down..
Gonna run to Costco b4 Lakers game.
If I don't return, know I was involved in tragic shopping cart disaster or ate a bad sample of cheese
come get me lets go get water ice or something.
I guess I just want to get out smh
I know right!!
Well I'm just waaaayyy too hot headed for my own good.
I be ready to confront people!
firetwellmen common espn get rid of this dude....
LOWKEY I USE TO HAVE A SAGGY STOMACH UNTIL I START DOINN SITUPS N GOT A 6 PACK
Im not sure about the big picture but had a close call.
made me wanna throw my panties at the TV with the way he was banging those doctorms!
What means the world too you
Last time I checked Demi didn't need autotune to be where she is right now so sit.
Thanks to all your wonderful staff for a great event today!
NOM!!
Is that mango??
It looks delish!
:
WalMart Stores agreed to pay 4.8 million in back wages in a settlement with 4,500 employees who said they were not paid overtime.
Gardening is a must this weekend  With all this rain, so much new growth must be tamed.
Bitch please.
RT : Do engineers that dismiss the importance of usability not see that Apple became the worlds largest co by making...
I love when people tell me to be ready and then they end up being almost 2 hours late.
Have we found our worst ref squad yet?
We're eating the aforementioned BBQ.
Thelma's has spoiled us for anything else, but at least this Goode Co.
is free, right?
top 10 characteristics of a creative person
Dying my hair more blonde at 2:30.
EXCITED!
3
From an office near mine, I hear a familiar voice from the past: You've got mail!
They're still using that voice for AOL mail?
Really?
gr8 way to cut cals?
korean bbq!
Personally I really enjoyed 's book.
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
I have 3 suggestions for cohost.
And they are available.
JohnStamos ArsenioHall  The guy from Community that host
going to vote but having more trouble deciding what's for dinner
Yes  CRA's new location is huge!
Employees will get their first look at it later this month.
Hill International Selected as Construction Manager for Two Transportation Projects in Southern California
Giving thanks to our Heavenly Father for the style of feminine purr meowed to stir the sacred UniversalSoul...
Have been there the first week of December for the last 13 years.
It's one of my husbands gifts to me.
Solidarity from MDUS.
Protest Music 4 the 99 on
Good night : sweet doctorams TEAM MB 143
fuck it I got work to do
I cuss they asses out.
What is the one place you have been that you would never want to return?
CPD: Tamarack Market employee shot during robbery, lifethreatening injuries.
Gunman on loose.
Sleeping in Vegas....
Hey Denver!
Come on down to the GapYear Fair at Denver Academy TODAY from 14PM
I went from Brett Favre to George Carlin on YouTube.
Gotta say I really enjoyed both.
RIP George.
Oktoberfest Lager is now on tap at both the Rohrbach Brewpub and the Brewery Tasting Room!
All this basketball is taking away time I should be playing Mass Effect 3.
Oh well.
I love MarchMadness!
have courage, and the team will follow
Don't you hate it when people don't get the hint?
RT : femlead So what specific benefits can a sponsor offer within the academic world?
If you could go ahead and hop on the 7:30 train to Chicago...that would be great.
Thanks!
I love to serve and I am glad my tips were helpful.
I fucking love my friends.
you need to be in the bed
I am still in Israel.
So good
no worries I was on the same train just the one that departed shortly after you.
Upside down in your mortgage?
Contact me I can assist U  communicate w/lender.
There is hope, don't suffer alone.
.com
thats not who I am inside.
I'm gonna have to tell my guitar teacher that I don't want to do any more guitar lessons.
makes me so sad when i gett on twitter and it says doesnt follow me.
:
nah.
I'm golden with whatev.
Final day of NBA regular season brings us a vs.
clash at the Garden as and square off.
Cutler and Tommie Harris
i bet u actually know what cgbb means lol
Good one!
Laughing Out Loud!
RT : A strong congrats to my friend  colleague 4 winning PRNews 15 people to watch
no power in the universe can withhold from anyone, anything they really deserve
Merry Christmas to all from MyBizXchange.com!
lol I did see Country Strong and it made me appreciate it more...
but I'm still reluctant.
Hate this feeling UGH
Hope you did too!
:
Trying out new January items this morning.
Need something to wash away the doom and gloom weather outside
yea me to!
They call me the cookie monster!
I really need to marry quite soon!
When are you coming down to the lake?
RT  Just had to say I loved your interview with I really hope you stay in PDX!
RIP CITY!
you're stupid...fix your hashtags!
ELC Those going through NM, give me a heads up, and we'll have a homecooked meal!
ZAX!
Craft brewery enthusiasts: If you could tour the craft breweries of any country besides the US, which country would you choose?
Hah just realized what you were talking aboutit was part of trivia night at the jschool.
can someone please be up with me?
i'm dyin here!
I can make him one, Ariana.
Then hand you over the account.
Happy breakfast!
Because it was the strangest thing.
I'll message you my  on FB so we can talk about it if you want
I hate paying bills and watching money dwindle away : Spending it was so much easier.
Soon i'll have more followings than tweets:o
But I'll check with Kelly in Electronic Records and get back to you.
I have a friend here in cincinnati who teaches zumba...
Don't be afraid!
God does His best work in the face of impossibility.
Be Encouraged!
At Milwaukee Farmers Market until 1 pm
: Stevie G, you do a Rockytop cover last night?
yeah then we went into Tennessee Jed!
lol
I have fought for rights too, but I never murdered anyone because I didn't get my way.
Grow up and negotiate like a true Muslim!
We are too RT : Excited for the Measurement, Monitoring  Analytics event tonight w/ 
Genius ain't anything more than elegant common sense.
Josh Billings
Yeah dude I could do something in DC around 12151230 or so.
Thoughts?
wow Magellan's got nothing on you.
I hate when you look up a question on yahoo answers and those cunts write something like Do your own work
thank you..
and when I tell Sconnie people that the horn honkin is annoying, they think I am odd
NFL Hargrove told to lie to NFL about bounty program:
CITYCENTRE is excited to announce that we have signed a new restaurant tenant!
Oh, my.
Carroll Shelby died.
Thanks again to the for all their incredible help at Cleopatra, CEO.!!!
Apparently the Brewers do better when I don't watch the game.
As long as they win, I can be ok with it.
Thank you!!!!
Happy new year too!!!
you should never regret it.
Also, you should sleep with him.
Although he needs big asses and big titties
love to dicuss the future of PLE in schools in Your country.Can we skype?Mail Klaas one of the seven fantastic tools
I'm bored as fuck
hey, I have that camera!
How is your day going?
Eh...night!
: ?
Today 1829: The HoChunk relinquished territorial claims to a portion of land in Wisconsin.
Hi Greg, yes we have 5 pure essential oil blends for aromatherapy at this time.
They each have their own purpose and unique aroma
yeah it sucks doesnt it mine start on monday :
the PCF vote has splintered to the FN before so it looks that way
I'm tired, nobody look at me.
BitchyTweet, lol.
Not quite there yet.
fck math, Fck math in the ass
The story about Alzheimer's disease is breaking my heart.
thx for coming by today and sharing samples with us  yum!
Just enjoyed amtrak's gourmet microwaved breakfast sandwich!
Magic!
Do we really have to answer every question or are they more like suggested questions?
It's cramping my
when i ask my students 'what's a noun' they say 'a person place thing or idea' and i say 'no' and they look shocked.
we like forgot about this account lolol
sharpening our dialectics, the workers will prail.
Oops, just recommended Jason Wu to someone.
Hope they aren't out of everything.
Q5: are there unscented repellents?
you've got the right idea, sir
With Mother's Day coming up we would love to hear about your Mom!
What is the most valuable lesson she taught you?
Damn this movie is good, and sorry I don't like that wrestling shiz, but seriously the men thing is on point and needs resolved.
RT : I want a relationship where they know of us, but nothing about us.
eye fixed it.now shell know who eye am
luked at u in the voice book, and sed WOW a star is born
It's getting worse and its hard to accept
Watch my laptop shut off or spaz at 9:10....
I prefer when Taylor had blonde hair!
Now she has brown hair!
:
damn, my man Michael Rapaport just got his ghetto pass revoked, QTip made him sound like the character he played in
Okay, that last one was awesome, I'll admit.
Aaron Gilchrest keeps bringing the funny to the show!
Thanks for hiring him!
Good job, Aaron!
What a great loss today with the passing of Junior Seau.
RIP
Pretty pic Christine!
I go to Bmore in two weeks myself, cant wait!
Damn I'll be a senior in college in less than 24 hours!
One more final BRING IT!
;
if you make a bold statement like that, especially if it's not something that you normally do, people will be blown away!
Teen mom Reunion in an hour than the premier of It Gets Better.
:
same here so triplets
: Wanna know what ima get you?
Is there anyone out there who DOESN'T fastforward through Cheer Up, Charlie when watching Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory?
Thanks so much Denise!
I am honored.
I haven't seen my parents together in the same room since Dec.
It's been 30mins I've stopped 2 arguments so far.
I need ' music.
The Irving Theater.
:
How did this happen?
Never let an altered state convince you that eating fiber gummies like candy is a good idea.
Lifes too short to eject the disk correctly.
just yelled incoming.
Inches from a direct hit.
Someone on 12 needs lessons
I just finished a 4.61 mi run with a time of 55:03 with Nike GPS.
did an awesome job dis organizing bmorehistoric !
Thanks

Is this You in the photograph?Yes...
The Devils Carnival!
I posted ONE photo.
That does not earn the title of blowing up a twitter feed.
P not like you people.
You took up my entire wall
Thank you!
Would be happy to show you more.
Altius is doing great things!
Okay.
I'll bite.
Why do you want a metal roof?
Gotta go to Park City today
Thanks so much for sharing Jana's blog!
Hope you're having a wonderful Friday!
We have corporate officials coming to check our human resources department on Monday so today was a lot of cleaning and organizing.
Then he said, we come from two different worlds girl..You're just an Earth girl.
You could never understand the type of man I am.
Chilling like a villain.
Your lawsuit against Boundless Learning is unacceptable , ,  Won't be using your books to teach.
Good block jordan
Merry Christmas!!
i'm like that with everyone, even people i do know..
idk i hate it meh
has to catch him first
Pissed i have to go back to Dekalb monday...they should have been did this
yea right
My family just lectured me on doing good in school and to read because i suck at everything in life lol how boring
it was upsetting thats my favourite outfit but i guess i cant wear it :/ WHAT YOU DOING?xx
I just finished a 7.13 mi run with Nike GPS.
Your hands...
Good to see you on twitter :
Be careful when shopping for Puer tea, there are many knockoffs.
Our Puer tea is handpicked from Yunnan's broadleafed ancient tea trees.
You don't follow ?
// how many fantasy football owners would love to track their players while at the game?
hahaha yess !!
Yeah what Christian said
your media committee didn't seem to care either.
Mark my wordsthis will make America turn on you.
You started off nobly enough
Well if you didn't choose favorites we wouldn't be in this situation...
Both put on by Tiny Fists: Activist Parents Traveling w Music, Workshops,  Babies
I too also will be there as well, too.
Let's party.
i would in real life be your friend, in the event that you decided friends were a desirable commodity.
3
OK the wire shower than bed.
Maybe
FINE!
I thought you were a rebel 
Her face gets very small when she is mad.
Grumpy dimples.
Little balled up fists, tiny like a baby's, hitting her knees in frustration.
it makes me so happy that my 2 favorite people ever are close friends aw
I miss her!
She was the best teacher EVER
YUH GANGSTA : and I are so cool bc we tweet and text each other at the same time totally different convos too
so where is Liverpool seeded?
Thanks for following!
Great restaurant and location, a true downtown favorite.
I'm so amped now I'm super wired on some SugarFreeRockstar Wow RockStarStatus
looking for more followers
windex.
fixes everything.
Hmm, I need to see The Raid just so I can yell at somebody.
If you have had the opportunity to try our cupcakes, please give us a review on the FB page!
Im still at a loss for words.
Not cuz I can't believe it, but when it happens to folks u know, so close to home, it's jarring
Starting work at 10:15 is the most inconvenient time possible.
Have to get there at 8:45 or be late.
let's get another guys!
Girl don't you got school in the morning?
Why you at your boyfriend house anyway at midnight, take that ass home!!!
Hey Jason!
hey no foul man, like I was saying, had read to many before coming to yours, lets just be friends ok?, Thanks Lee
bro text me
I don't even see you when you're 10 mins away at ub haha
tens of thousands are being helped find out how www.timothylucero.com
I am at the St.
Pete Police Dept.
covering this horrifying story of a 16 yearold Lakewood High student who was raped walking to school.
: RT You ?
and You ?
Go Follow  TeamAutoFollow 500ADay for 2000 a week
I have big tits, man.
Awesome EP by !
My fav is Always Shine.
BEST ENDING!
You made me VERY VERY happy with tonight's episode.
THANK YOU :
S/O TO MY NEW FOLLOWER!!!
AND SHE'S TEAMFOLLLOWBACK SO HIT THAT FOLLOW BUTTON:
do you still have a ticket for the game tonight.
dvring it...
I have heard such good things!
why are you typing with all capitol letters?
A6: My experience working for student media and my internships.
I love his bowtie!
Ok one more day of the beach gloom  yeah, we'll have morning clouds over the weekend but the afternoons should be sunny  warmer  enjoy!
so this first week of my senior years wasn't bad at all...now its time to make it through the rest of the year alive
this is the longest we've been apart since day one...this summer might give us whiplash :
Stop telling me I'm pretty.
You think I don't know that already Albert fuckin' Einstein?
Hey Braves what was the deal with the scoreboard?
Had to start the live video thing while Braun was batting?
Really?
Jerks.
Go Brewers!
Exactly.
Blackhawks fans will get REALLY hammered if we lose tomorrow.
my life isnt nothing, i can do something with my life, i have a life to live student quote from our group
In addition, this tour is the best way to learn about American government system.Lets join us at2:00pm
how are the event ideas coming?
More ff love to our new followers
looking for a love story.
Mediatomb works OK, but integration with Rhythmbox isn't going well.
Maybe its because I have it indexing about 15G of content?
I will try my bestest!
Is tardiness tolerable?
i love u guys to...
to death...
I miss u
Tyler the Creator told em they could be RT : why are so many females on twitter, unicorns?
i don't get it :/
LA is very all right if you're down with , , , , , and tortas.
Yeah, it definitely promotes that ugly menzez haz it eazier rape myth.
I'd rather be ignored than read that.
This nigga in front of me has to be thee ugliest!
Don't forget to enter our sweepstakes!
back from camp , hows everyone doingg ?
Findlay Brown  That's Right  07:38 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Hey twitter followers!!!!!!11 What's up?!?!?!?
we clocked out a minute before midnight!!
:o
Omg!
so pround of you misterGRANDMAN :D
My pleasure  love your show
I thought it was April showers bring May flowers, not Unseasonably frigid April weather leads to trafficstopping May downpours lol geez
Harry Nilssonmy hero
Hi!
If you're not playing this Friday, come to 8x10 to see with Brooks Long.
Awesome lineup of tunes!
Doing again for Badger Hockey tonight.
Puck doctorps at 7, feel free to come everyone!
they sell hamburgers.
where is Jim Harbaugherersteinschultzkovitzstevenson when you need him??
I think winless Miami is going to pull it off tonight.
They had a bye and are much hungrier
You are so welcome!
We love awesome.
;
One day I'll look back, and say I was Internet famous, SIKEEE .
Can I have a dispenser of your amazing strawberry preserves, please?
: Husband loves them too and now we're out!
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Kindle Fire, Full Color 7 Multitouch Display, WiFi Reviews
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY DARLING 3 I love you baby girl.
Hope you had a wonderful day today!
XO :
Is it time for a Brown Jersey Letter Writing Campaign?
Send your snail mail to Berea, folks!
definitely the Air then.
hopefully there will be tax free weekend soon or something.
After Clois sex do you think ANYONE will be thinking about a TV Guide poll?
LOL
omg!
I just realized why I have such a crush on it's because he's a doppelganger for !
I forgot my cd :/
yeah.
I'm not lying.
Once you post the tour dates, I'll coincide a Sox game.
successfully got you to tweet
Class is in Session
I love that I can sit in DHfocused sessions all morning at dlfforum.
I don't think that has always been the case, no?
It's all 's fault.
Lmao
RT the grilled shrimp quesadilla from always aims to please....just like the prickly pear 'rita!
I must have a sign on my car that reads please cut me off
Just finished reading Friends Like Us by Lauren Fox.
Looking forward to meeting her at the end of the month.
So I guess we can call you a bestseller now, eh?
How much does the smart car company pay you to talk about that car?
MXpresidentialDebate Peña to AMLO: I never said I'd privatize PEMEX, but modernize it
Thanks!
We'd love to be in London one day..Keep in touch
On my way home and a fight breaks out next to me on the 4 train.
didthatjusthappen?
So glad my gf is home for the summer.
We gonna party hard.....
Or not but still glad
So i'm learning to play guitar, and I'd almost given up, the song Remnants off Asylum inspired me to keep at it.
Thank you!!
Under the Mistletoe is going to blow up Itunes!!!!!!!!!!
Ain't that the truth bro.
Don't forget the black women trained to emasculate bros
Not sure, how do you feel about it?
thanks!
I haven't tried hootsuit but have heard the tab feature is very nice.
RT : 21 jump street is hilarious I wanted to see that movie
Hailstorm in may.
We were hoping for June 1st, but seems as though things are booked.
Having both of us at the same workplace could lead to trouble!
Kimkardashian on doctorpdeaddiva , oh wow check her out
And that seals the deal.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the Blasberg family.
Erica always came to Portland and we will remember her great smile and charisma.
Can't even imagine how awesome 's day is going to go!!!
You should definitely make a vid!
TGOD!
that's great :
I just got a slew of disturbing emails from a FAN.
Aside from him trying to arouse mebeing single doesn't mean I am desperate.
All I want in life is a Nathan Scott ...
Not too much to ask, right??
In a world of automation and outsourcing why not let the government hire the unemployed so they can contribute  feel good about themselves
Students are starting to ask about applications.
Hi!
Can you please follow  DM me?
I'd like to hear your side to your 'Titanic' comments  the attention you've been getting
Yes, I'd like to think so too!
Happy!
:
Too bad the Idol judges have to work so hard to make two dudes OK with a duet.
Was it really that awkward and controversial for them?
Yes He Will!!
n u already kno suppose b a secret lol shh
Well that went horrible.
Lando is definitely the most popular Star Wars character found in open trade boxes.
I'm really jealous that you're in the city all day!
:p
Billy Crystal  Anne Hathaway and James Franco
69 followers G.G.
Out by the pool
ok what u want a chicken wing or a chicken leg idk bout u but I want both
YOUNG HOMIE VIDEO IS SICK!!!!
I watched it 6 times in a row lol keep it up Chris!
I gotcha!!
I usually like to he single over the summer, because things are just, easier.
But I really am falling for him...
Who wants samples of KUMANI?
Anyone??
Let me know.
I'm working on it this and next week!
I swear Lenox Lounge as the best chicken wings.
hey I would be an awesome rapper!
Its astonishing how lost I am when the 'rents take care of the Harvey Monster and I have a free afternoon...
If you're using Chrome and Wikipedia is blue, go to View  Actual Size
It's National Haiku Day, Twitterpals.
Tweet your country music haiku at me and it might end up on the website this evening..
RT : Knock the religion but a life in CHRIST has very practical benefits  implications for a moreGreat project dudes
UCI beat us.
Pretty sure you were present.
I see a correlation.
Hope that helps!
Your talent can pretend they're telling ghost stories.
A doctorma teacher shared that trick with me!
because I went to enroll at Scripps.
Can't decide if I really want my professorssors to post my grades on Banner or not...
Wow, it's not quite March yet but the madness has begun!
Congrats Creighton
my faith in humanity has been seriously shaken ,if not destroyed..ready to check out seriously

can u DM yo info again for this feature...
Thanks
how many is a lot?
You had a little over 700 views.
I'm making an AlkaSeltzer nighttime cocktail.
Here's to getting some sleep ...
and hopefully the ability to breathe through both nostrils.
it's for real when you have a cubicle
that angel wing / sono one is WEIRD
first memory in a library  reading about mt.
st.
helens in my elementary school library.
it was love at first site.
Man, I am on a roll.
Powering through...
nearly have all my blog entries for June complete.
Yay!
oh!
what?!
monarch butterflies?!
You didn't hear it from me...
:
Met some of our neighbors todaythat's a new experience!
Hey Modest Mouse; did you really truly think that the outoftune guitar on Gravity Rides Everything was a reasonable creative expression?
As soon as I can doctorve by my self, I'm packing up and going to wherever Austin is at that time.
San Antonio, Miami, wherever!
GetReady3
or else you end up like a bottle of ketchup with legs like me haha.
Why am I laughing?!?
That sounds really painful!
RT : RETWEET if you are NOLONGER friends with someone who you once called you're bestfriend'..
Who's going to win today's Derby?
are you sure youu didn't say that..?
Haha :
No way you can tell me the Knicks are better w/o Amare, gotta learn to coexsist and sacrifice fame
HHAHAHAHAHAA it means SISTER WHITE hahahahahahahahaha
Nothing worth having comes easy.
Just finished reading The Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet.
Would be great lit connection book for US history
Being hard to work with  epic fail.
Have a creative Monday!
Take half of your lunch time to sketch, keep your creativity sharp!
now playing...
the Magic Summer Tour show, hosted by aka DJAK!
nkairplayradio.com
call me!
Goodnight to those who didn't receive a goodnight text tonight.
you R the Cm punk
RT if you believe is way differ to Justin Bieber  he's just bein him not a copier.
b/c hes bcomin famous u don't have 2 hate.
Thank You!
throwing chocolate as chum
Good morning GigiStylez have a bless day !
Let's do it!
Bath  Body Bistro is starting Trivia Tuesdays today !
Like our facebook page for all the details!
Win a 5 gift certificate!
Good luck!
MyFavoriteSongis make me proud by doctorke ft.
Nicki miniaj
Quote of the day: It always feels awesome to know someone thinks of a future with you.
Thank you!
No, about a week ago.
:p
in College Park, at the National Archives today.
So far, so screened.
that you could potentially use in a paper
Off to my show at Island Grill, Show at 7:30 pm!
then the screen shattered and she spent 3.5 hours with a tech who couldn't transfer her data to a loaner phone.
Frustrated...
me too sista!
i've had a ton of dance rehearsals  WE WILL REUNITE SOON I PROMISE!
Happy revenge of the fifth
my pleasure!
Have a great day!
Shout out: So Ruff Car Show has been cancelled for July 10th any questions look up soruffmagazine.com Thanks!
Full as ever...work in a bit.
Yes we are there; RT : There's a in Union Station.
That's about it.
GROUPon is like a COUPON for a Group.
What if we employed the same INCENTIVES in our classrooms?
HEY!
Just chill!
Beach runs are always fun and a great work out too.
:
what time?
just dyed my hair blond on top brown on bottom;
Skip the gate by disconnecting and doctorpping out below at a point of lower magnetic field strength through the width not through the length.
where is my motivation?
Did it take a vacation?
Wrapping up a report with on alumni colleges  they seem like a really interesting and emergent topic in highered right now.
heck yeah whip it!
two words Butt Lift !
The number of people who die in lawschoolexamproblemisterlated plane crashes is 30000 higher than the national average.
I've been to the year 3000.
Not much has changed but they lived underwater.
you cant turn back so stop fucking saying it..
suck that shit up and get over it
The week is always better when you train...get it in today!
Have to work 2/day.
But Sunday r usually laid back.
Only a few seconds can safe a life.
Buckle Up!
You know that moment when you just write the perfect paragraph?
Damn that's a good feeling.
Doesn't surprise me...
unbelieveable RT condemns epidurals: women are meant to suffer the pain of childbirth.
Sorry, ladies.
After 7 mo, 1st date wife and I alone.
Watched Rise of the Planet..., abt a lil' ape who become 2 smart and raucous.
Parenthood metaphor?
Please stay tuned for more early AM give aways!
Thanks for watching, Monique!
:
On top of work, some freelance projects, and trying to finish up the art for my next single, I'm swamped!
You're welcome.
Let me know how it goes.
I like how since for some reason and I can't text each other, Twitter is our main method of communication.
Oh, you know, inside jokes.
Yes, that's a good idea.
I'll pass that on.
Perhaps, though if I recall that was my major in both undergrad and grad.
Maybe it's a specific type of bull?
When I leave my dog all day and come home he's mad at me so I feel the need to feed him whatever I'm eating to make up for it.
CleanStart is great for 1st timers!
Gets deep in your colon.
RT : what's a good cleanse 4 a 1st timer?
happy mothers day mom
ickkkkk, sunburn D:
you make me happy whether you know it or not
that, combined with the fact I can update 21 services with  only 4 with your new offering has glad I'm not an investor
That burger at Elsa's has had me in my seat since lunch.
Kudos to for bday lunch.
Now to run it off, if that's possible...
Good Luck!
.CharterSchool n.
a vehicle to move tax revenues from general purse and/to interject it into private market.
Public paidprivate welfare
It's definitely a classic rock kind of night.
Happy New Year Blaqstarr!!!
Its our year!!!
I left them hoes alone to pursue my doctorams
got to be an extension right?
RT : RT if has NEVER tweeted you.
please watch my professorle and look my professorle photo
bus fares are going up 2, its the same system.
WMATA needs dedicated funding They relay on ragtag funds from fed  local gov
hell yeah, they be ballin' too hard to have no support.
do you like vneck or normal shirts?
if it was not for Omar's double error we would have had a huge day..
I will book the professort and move on to
time travel.
left PEK  650 am monday.
arrived ORD  630 am monday.
your welcome
I have glasses but I never wear them.
I lied and faked like I couldn't see in 1st grade to get them.
I only wear them if I have a headache
This is funny!
A great coach and man who lost his life in a tragic plane crash.
I think I will go eat some salad

Awesome Indeed.
Workin on a  pyrite cover
Just another reminder...Monday a little after 5 pm, a concert announcement will be on!
Don't forget to tune in!
:
Today's the day the best in Hollywood are crowned!
I'm predicting TheArtist comes away with the most awards, followed closely by
what did you think of the season finale?
I don't mind when the nights get chilly, because it makes it seem even cozier inside.
scratch that  character isn't AsianAmerican
ImisterallyGoodAt putting myself down..
Damn KS getting me to Awww at midnight!
M, chicken and rice!
no problem.
Apparently my library is built on top of an old pet cemetery.
For real.
If you've never seen the movie my cousin vinny, you definitely should!!!!
you should be c:
Got a whacky DM from you this morning.
Think your account may have gotten hacked.
Might want to change that password.
I love postsecret
The label 'Americas' doesn't seem to mean that much anymore unless you're a cartographer, A.
Isacson wasteofmoneysummit too many novelas
Thanks for passing on the word!
Are you coming to the ride?
We'd love to have OnPoint involved in this cool ride!
The pop radio version of Somebody I Used To Know really bums me out.
Especially since Gotye said he doesn't like it.
TOPMUSIC North West based band, Our Day Remains are being touted as the next big thing....Music News' Dean Midas Maynard finds out more.
Dont get me wrong, I liked the article  my assumption is wrong, nonetheless you should google around so you dont think Im nuts.
LaPlante with a big save at the end of the first quarter to keep the score at 42 heading into the second.
I already have the Megadeth pack and I don't care enough for Linkin Park to buy theirs.
Yayy!
Cant wait to see yo face : hugs are a necesity
r u watching it?
:
Isn't socialmedia day every day?
:
Aw that sucks :/ Hope you feel better soon!
Found a Law  Order: SVU marathon on TV.
That's the stuff.
Hey none of us are as young as we think we are.
Or something.
Still love you no matter how old and out of touch we get.
Bynum will be traded to an under .500 team.
New Video:  Not A Day Goes By HEAT ROCKS!
On our way to see Safehouse after a Movie....
Who knows wats next!!!!!:
Workaholics take it sleazy
Added myself to the WeFollow Twitter directory under:
what happened?
Latest version of Adobe Reader attempts to install McAfee Security Scan.
You have been warned.
I HATE this tactic of bundling extra crap!
The babes of Seattle, now in Twitter form.
Or her less popular 'Jenny on the Cock'
Watching Forest Gump and TOTALLY digging the running scene ;
Hanging out with old friends and their beautiful daughter Isabel...I love the holidays ;0
Independent Massage Therapists wear all hatsowner, cleaner, advertiser, receptionist, appointment setter AND give up to 5 massages per day.
Just discovered that Evan can count backwards from 20 unaided.
We didn't teach it to him and they don't do any math at his preschool.
I problem!
You are too: but I bet no one listened to me, haha
My father is an ignorant fucking twat
mister Parker mister parkersmokey voice
you can just search my name on iTunes, facebook, and YouTube!
This is what most people hope for and Im letting myself throw it away.
I have decided to cherish this, and really enjoy things like I should
must conduct research examining why video game creators love chuck norris so much, prepared to be shocked by the results

really excited to see that there's a new episode of TWIVC!
Really missed having my regular fix the past few months.
Thanks!
anyone seeing Spring Awakening tonight?
Waiting on my new NewtonRunning shoes to arrive...hurry UPS guy.
I need to get out there on the open road.
just 2 more followers ...
I kinda feel like I have been run over by a truck.
At least emotionally.
it's gunna be like a zoo in there.
it's also national pancake day at iHop peanut butter  pancakes...yum!
doctorstically reduce plastic usage!
I can't believe how grown they are!
They're so beautiful now..
:D
Please extend Wright, Thanks.
you guys are so cool.
Thanks for being great people.
Note: letting my day unfold organically means I'm sleeping in.
Please time your emergency phone calls thoughtfully.
Thx!
actually, it was kinda alexis's idea originally.
Stick It is on abcfamily : I love this movie!!
Shocked at how you talk to people on twitter, calling them names and losers while speaking as a rep of
Watching the boondocks with my mom
Picasso Co.
Are specialized in custom home remodeling services.
What the hell is wrong with Kei?
Today's the day I search all of Twitter with Irish music sucks and reply with THIN LIZZY, YOU FECKER!
cant wait to get back in the water and start my offseason training
Finally got running on new laptop...added file system scan exception in It would lock up w/each file part
Where can we hear some of your production?
Your track record looks legit.
Yeah and how does it feel to be the one that caused those thoughts for someone else.
I'm never making them again...I smell like them ugh
oh I'm sorry
Thats adorable...
I remember when I was four.
I love Christmasthe lights, trees, colorsso why am I celebrating the Roman holiday of Saturnalia instead??
Also, I was told that touching it wouldn't make the mom reject it or anything...supposedly not true?
Hey Gurl Love Your Style Lol Nice Job On Skyscrapper:
Coke Zero?
Am I going to rent a game or not?
Twitter is a doctornk text database.
That is all I have to say about that.
I agree!
Heehee.
RT : I was into gay mariage before Obama was into Gay Marriage  Civil Rights Hipsters.
Thank U!
Big Fun!
Laughed so much while serving your guests that my ribs still hurt.
congrats on the WIN!!
:
these people at my school are going to a 1D concert and the only song they know is What Makes You Beautiful.
it really pisses me off.
Anybody know someone in the front office at Worlds of Fun?
yumm!
What are you going to get?
:
Are you running in the Marine Corp Marathon this year?
thanks  needed one during the audit even more ;
'memory of paper' site was bit confusing to me.
but their links page great!
didn't know briquet, or parts of it, was online
He said he's going to try again with a different girl.
People get old.
Look for different things.
Little stuff starts to mean more
what are u getting?
If so, it might be worth translating their names into English.
Going to kick it with the Unlawful Family tonight at the Shadow Room
Anyone who has ever fucked a fat girls belly button can tell you, it's not all the same in the dark.
: Y does everyone think I have no bat speed at 47 Any mlb teams you'd be interested in signing with?
two months.
we're awesome
don't grind too hard ...
Why ?!
let me get the keys to that new ride!
has anyone here heard of ?
cus they are verified and followed me so i don't know what my reaction should be...
I'm soo upset : devastated can't believe pats lost this

then made light it.
Did you know their slogan is 'adaptsurvive?' I expect more progressive ideas from
Watching Ryan Higa YouTube videos all day.
So Funny!
:
thanks Cy!
You glad to finally be done?
me follow joo now!
taylor swift with straight hair 
2day from beginning to this very moment has been some supreme bullshit!
I'm so over this day....I swear
pssst..keep this a secret..you don't have to know exactly what you're doing when you start writing!
You just have to have a baby inkling...
I hate that im death from one ear and I have a country ascent /
ah OMG!
Hahaha now that is what I call CUTE!
I wish I could knit so I could make kitten a sweater like that!
3
Sure, it's just that I'm usually working w/all 4 elementary PLUS some secondary schools.
Getting to the High Schools?
I wish.
Alec, I don't understand.
Are you suggesting they are intellectual frauds, or do you assume that it's my position?
Thanks for following.
Be sure to check out the blog for details.
I feel you on the Indian web design companies.
I did a craig's list posting for a local dev and I get 5 a day from that.
Shoutout to MillerHighLife for covering the bill the IRS will send to the fan who caught Jeter's 3000th
What a beautiful wedding!!!
So grateful that I was able to view to wonderful people get married.
Sure do love you Peter and Sarah!!!
with no visual editor after wordpress blog update.
Hey sweetie!!
I'll try to find one :.
Shipping the fendi tonight.
if top rank can do one thing it's build an attraction!
RIP Mike Wallace.
You truly were an icon and will be missed.
If you're checking out TheRentalShow, be sure to stop by booth 4245 to see the most innovative new tent on the US market!
preciate the follow fam, working on vol 2 of my mixtape, stay tuned
hell nah,he hasn't called me yet and i even doubt it if he's join too.
aT work ready to go
If you hit a brick wall, without hesitation, go through it.
It's a Boards of Canada kind of Monday.
ocean gang lol
Thanks for the listing!
/mediamessanger
Laying here thinking...
Missing you
I am so ready for a beach, a hammock and a supply of beer.
Lots of beer.
More please.
moprh leash.
awlawlmf pwl.a
hey killer
Sometimes all you need to use is your gut, and possibly your wits.
Uh oh.
Did it break?
It's the most wonderful time of the year: March Madness bracket picks
so let's get big high
Marina City, Salk Institute, Habitat 67, Whitney Museum,  St.
John's Abbey spring immediately to mind.
If you cant catch me before my bed time..
Dont waist your time
Networks have played a huge role in historyfrom the Underground Railroad to the Arab Spring.
Which networks inspire you?
It's funny 'cause it's true.
rt ithurtswhen you wake up face down on the floor in a dorm at rice university.
Who's coming with me to the Bahamas next year!?
On a mission to win that trip for my Family!
Read Smizik's column in today's PG...I agree with you but he seems unhappy with the moves
Happy Easter, how is your day so far?
32
Yep, yep.
I really needed it.
Hoping that 2012 will bring everyone good health, great joy and much prosperity.
if you see this RT, if you love me, follow ; 
new music coming soon!!
:
Should you trust your instincts?
We'll be waving!
RT : See you in March!
Remember the best way to get to the is NY Waterway!
Sarah Phillips probably stole the 'ps' from the end of her own Twitter handle,
I love washingtonDC I've arrived to a party and the judge sotomayor is here :
More picks in action: Angels, Phillies, Indians, D'Backs, White Sox
Gonna go work out now...
to nuthin' but Beastie Boys.
the rules are so complicated!
but i dont think my parents would let me
dcnyc11 penton : Agile is great but lets borrow some of the discipline from Waterfall...
great session!
ubuntu is a Bantu word that means: I am, because you exist.
Love that.
Such an interesting way to view community and
u should just give dem a cup of water n walk away...
lol
I'm sad though bc these are characters I've been with for the past 3000 pgs of the series.
Who will I bond with now?
nothing...smh lol and there you go not sharing again lol...
nah but i'm finna go eat now though
get on skype....now
Well Danny Hope keeps his job for at least 1 more year!!!
RT : Q8.
Best random act of kindness youve experienced while traveling?
I just kicked Branden out of the band!!!!!
BrownB34r
Press conference is underway MH Clinic
come see and I next Tuesday at Echo Mountain!
It's free!
And our pals at Alice 105.9 will be there too!
YO JOJO!
PLAY ONE MORE TIME BY WELLINGTON
Tbh I think the only reason why girls like Austin manhone is becuz of his looks Cuz he.
Has no originality at all...
but I agree he's cute!
haha that's to much to retell : sorry
This is for u  That happy moment when you see your food coming in a restaurant.
P
When JEALOUS people say RUDE things.
Before there was Robert California, there was Cory California.
Just sayin'.
I want to read a baseball book  any recommendations?
I'm trying to win tix so I can see it, but I am determined to make it into the top 5 before the contest ends so am optimistic
do you have a portfolio of your work available for browsing somewhere?
: We were happy to be there!
Thanks for putting on such a great fundoctoriser!
Why does it suprise me how CBS treat their houseguests are being treated unfair look who Julie Chens Husband is, HE canceled
It took me 10 years, but I finally bought the OLD today.
Dept.
admin's reaction: No Dictionary is worth 344 !
Now for the Great Scott...
So i have this retarted ass song stuck in my head though.....
Your name should be McDonald's, because I'm lovin' it.
And by 'it', I mean you.
Stop eating at Merla's Kitchen
RT The job of leadership is to help your organization see the opportunities to do things differently  William Taylor
Shout out to who has a skype interview with folks out in LA.
I know you'll kill it baby sis.
Still waiting for the shocking Breitbart videos on Obama ...starting to think they're bogus!
Why wait?
quit being a bitch and actually do the work, instead of complaining on how bad it will turn out.
Es finito.
Clothing  Get Better VDay project.
check it out at: bit.ly/fO2Kbn order undies at recessionclothing.com
Nothing.
You?
my sentiments exactly
Love that both the Grateful Dead AND Fugazi archives projects were represented today at
thank you for the book suggestions and I'll be sure to look them up and attempt to read at least one!
Everybody knows that I'm a motha fing monster.
Very nice.
If you're not weird then you're not cool.
if you're not cool, then what are you?
:
: already penciled in ; sweet
Congrats to awesome commercial
You should hammer your iron when it is glowing hot.
Our friends just sent us Truffibites in flavors like sea salt caramel, green tea pistachio, pecan pie  raspberry!
Thanks!!
It's so cool to see!
Movin on up :
I'm pretty sure for football, you need two teams, No teams!
Can't sleep
I collect Missing Dog posters, go to the pound, get puppies that look like the one's on the poster, and get my reward
Brunch starts in 10 minutes.
Todays special kiesch served with our homemade hashbrowns and fresh fruit 6.95.
haha thanks bro
Let's see what Pandora talking bout.
are you going to see Avengers?
believe me, if she's had one shell understand
QB's will have nightmares about Nick Perry and smashing their faces in!
Can't wait for next season!
they don't listen but I'll try.
Lol
haha, exactly.
unless, of course, Jessica pulls a Brangelina and doctorsses her like Shiloh
mamavation took a lap around house for energy.
need more.
cabin fever!
you ate like a vegetarian...
Or you ate A vegetarian.
You are from Texas, after all.
;
I can't message you back if you don't follow me
These green  white striped outfits are awful but the dancing is cute.
I like the part where they play each other's fiddles
Sucks i didnt get to watch the Lakers game yesterday because its not available in Hawaii...no fair...if u watched it...can mu tell who won!!
GO SHARKS!!
My research focus is shifting to deception detection over CMC.
miss you
I'm just now seeing the gimlet pics, etc.
tasty times!
830am.
Time to move the furniture.
I love to love u mama!
Hugs to all!
Xoxo
Cheers for recommending me to Alex.
Have you been out on the bike recently?
No Live show today.
got lots of other stuff to do.
But i'm listening and so should you
Oh my God, shut up.
Goodie Bags for Party Guests: What to Include
What Side U Stay On.
I Used 2 Live In The CD
Thy look like hairy nipples or a mole
NPR's Kinsey Wilson: Andy Carvin, master at tweeting from Middle East.
Oneday high of 839 tweets over 16 hours.
Expert at sourcing.
Had a long busy day!
Stopped at wild wings waiting for some food.....
love what you wear
Thanks!
RT : Follow for news on a worldclass celebration of food  doctornk in PDX this fall!
FF Happy Friday!
so how we feeling today after cinco de mayo?
hungover?
hells yeah
wat you got plan for today
Stuck in Iowa for 34 hours
with Cromartie going to the Jets that should keep Asomugha in Oakland,right.
Barney Frank On Mitt Romney: 'There Is A Meanness At His Core'
IlikeObamacare because I am a moron.
Imaginary Rock 'n' Roll Thesis: The Longevity of Joe Perry
Not sure I am ready for my daughter to be singing It's Raining Men.
If you had told me before the season that Green, Maysonet and Conrad would be starting for the Brewers on the same day, I'd have shuddered.
Had a lot of fun teaching Photoshop as a guest instructor to Ft.
King Middle School's Journalism class.
Thank you for a great visit!
Very excited about the Milu scarf and bag I bought!
Thanks !
Do you know when the floral scarves will be loaded?
Gossip Girl still comes on....
and again with the retweet now if only i could get this boy to follow me
duckdynasty is the funniest dang show I've seen in a long time!!!
An hour in line at the post office only to find out they couldn't help me...awesome.
What can brown do for you?
As far as Im concerned any player that leaves the Packers is no longer a Packer He can be a Packer again after he retires for good.
This is one of those days when I wish I had a wine rack under my desk instead of file doctorwers.
If I did?
I'd open a spicy zin right now.
Think today's soundtrack will be to How I Got Over and The doctoramer, The Believer...
Keep checking back to see how YOU could win tickets to see doctorke at Rupp Arena on Feb.
22nd!
going to bed wondering: how much wood would James Woods wood if James Woods would wood woods?
Online Ad Spending to Surpass Print for First Time in 2012 via
Dear will you marry me???
yessir!!
About to attack the week right!!!
Bcaa's and some
why is everyone in v diaries dieing???
Just saw Hunger Games the book is always better than the movie, but this movie was pretty great too!
Wonders who would be the next Mary J.
Blige ?
today he wishes he had practice
she's doing payroll at a company called transwestern in the loop.
likes it a lot.
On Heels of GrammyWinning Debut, Tedeschi Trucks Band Celebrates First Anniversary With Live DoubleDisc Album ...
Golden Phoenix Appoints Institutional and Sovereign Wealth Fund Expert Jeffrey Dahl to Board of Directors
I have to feed the grandson then it's poker all night!!!
Finally I've been away from online poker for almost a week.
Thank you Aaron!
livin like larry.
Yo, we need to catch up.
Ton to tell you!
Big change
Working late tonight.
The Suns web page talks like they still have a chance.
We'll see ...
Poised Creation has heard your requests, we want to bring you music the way you want it!!!
thank you for writing TDB piece.
When someone famous sez it, people listen.
sorry about steroids, not fun.
Classic Southern Sunday breakfast  banana pancakes with Steen's for breakfast.
Well, it's classic at my house...
To the 8th inning we go NO HITTER for Angels
Attn fellow poker players:Make sure u go to Bongos tonite 4 the player party!
I'll be there to celebrate my bday w a few gfs!
30!
30!
30!
Who!
Happy birthday my dear friend :
if you don't like and then I don't like you.
what in Thot of it ??
I loved it I already know all the lyrics im just so amazed bc yhu come up with awesome song i love them
We have an extra pair of VIP tickets to the show tonight at Culture Room, Fort Lauderdale, FL.
Call our office if you want to go
What did he say?
I'm sure he was great although once he told me I'm basically incapable of doing anything else.
A CHECK LIKE MINES NO TALK STRI8 SMASHING 
Having a Pitch Count Contest for CC on our FB page!
Giving away Yankees apparel to the winner!
www.Facebook.com/Chasing800
Everyone keeps saying 'what if Artest played Games 16'...well...what if Wilson Chandler and Rudy Fernandez played in them too?
: I am a journalist who covers beauty and health.
I would love to talk, re: M.A.C.
Glitter and Ice.
Best,
gracias por el apoyo!
RT : Found another push to elevate my Spanish beyond the survival level.
Go !
I promise no matter who comes in your life, no one will ever love you like I do..
miss you too man, see you soon.
Tennis 4 sho
let me get on that hoe lol
Your future newsflash was only half correct.
Work on it.
Me!
Follow 143 : 3 btw i cannot get away from BTR and your concerts!
FIT2GO MENU OF THE WEEK  Yum dessert!
This weeks menu includes granola with berry filling, cinnamon cheesecake, coconut muffins, peach...
next, Gene's turn
ObesityLinked Diabetes in Childoctorn Resists Treatment  New York Times
that's awesome!
I want to her how it goes!
I know but you SHOULD come to texas roadhouse
military GIRL!!
sweet!
Building a tuition payment system with doctorpal ...
still ...
uh, check back with me later ...
Yeeeehhhh Follow me please
I think instead of going to the gym tonight I should just go to the bar
: Followed ya!!
American does not have any coach or business class award travel to Asia for my dates.
Looks like l'm flying first class!
Don't forget to keep requesting Old School to all your local radio stations!
Thursday, Jan 28 Televised mayoral candidate forum  9 p.m WVUETV, Cox channel 8  Sponsor: WVUETV, Cox channel 8
Headed home after a good weekend with my folks.
People are really interesting...sometimes full of surprises.
Sometimes not.
ashy i saw you tried to write to me but you wrote to the wrong danielaa .
Ill mssg ypu kelly numb now imyyy and ilyy
What a play, !
hate working with rude clients..
the urge i have to call them a bitch and slam the phone...
god.
Every time after I eat I feel like taking a fat cat nap.
Thank you for the RTs!!
lol uh no!
I would've cried.
I love going to her games and being able to spend the evenings with her 
The lobby will reopen at 10:30AM tomorrow
God got my back...
Blessed
don't think i am making it to the patio's tonight
Observing all the looks and writing them for my blog.
Stay tuned.
40 greatest pranks was in today you should of watched it to get ideas l0l
faking the date on your homework to an earlier time, so it doesn't look like you did it last minute?
Is that David Wu on the left?
lol
Yep.
Important.
Also, seems clear that savings wd be at back end; that is, over 15yrs v low savings.
Be on the lookout for Marcus Kidd.
Awesome job!!!!
RT you dont think kuchley would be an as.doctorstic improvement at sam?
No doubt.
But not as important a position as impact safety
that's true.
That was bush league.
But that's what they are known for.
RT : 72 small businesses have visited the Pop Up Marketing Shop.
thx 2 all the creative talent that helped.
hooplegroup.com
Mm's, twix, snickers, granola bars etc...
Pretty ligit
If you get a DM from me with I am laughing so hard..
or Someone's saying bad things about you..
DO NOT OPEN it is spam/hacker NOT ME
We are going to be live tonight at 8:30pm EST.
Join us at live.thendusr.com
Damn Tmmister NO I am Turning Up Fuck The Law Can't Handle This Trill Shxt !
If you can't find an in then start volunteering because that's the next best thing to landing an internship!
Work hard at it!!!
Sounds like an excellent plan!
Go Barons!
: Soon to have 2 daughters attending BVHS :
I will be there.
There is give and take..but stop  realize that constantly doing one or the other creates an unfair balance.
Which tip of the scale are you?
Please follow my other account that me and my friend made  btw today IS my birthday so this can be your birthday gift for me.
Dear Blue Cheese, stay delicious.
Your loving admirer Bennett
that's impossible...
I need you there!:
YOU NEED TO FOLLOW  He'll follow back.
endoftheworldconfession I got a big secret and I'm hiding it from the man I'm in love with
check me out I make my scissors by hand the best period for true pros only new website coming also renbow hair color peace
TVTalentTuesday Follow our talent!
FYI  I'll be at the Code Year meetup and can do a writeup.
Sometimes life leaves us two final choices: Yes or No, Now or Never, and Take it or leave it.
That's why I was late chief
The Oscars, where 99 of SAG actors watch the 1 who work!
you're right, but not if they don't want or have anything in life.
They can care less what happens to them or anyone in that case
mostly NYC minimalist with a touch of San Diego freespirited bohemian!
A3 Triggered emails with product recs see clickthrough rates 40 percent higher than traditional marketing messages.
take that motherfucker hackers.
ThingsBlackPeopleTakeSeriously The Game tv show....
ImHappy because i have a father God that will never leave me, one who always protects me, guides me, corrects me  loves me forever.
Bitches think they knoe me
I doctoramt of my baggage.
Really.
I was retrieving my baggage from a train in a panic because I couldn't remember how many bags I had.SYMBOLIC
: Any time!
This news announcer always slurs his words.
I worry about him.
RT Feeling very lucky to be married to someone who also doesn't give a shit about giving or getting Valentines Day presents.
hi everyone long time no see!
what ever your doctorams are dont stop pursuing them!xoxo miss mimipink:
LIKE this status if you'd rather be shopping right now.
What's your favorite store at Cottonwood Mall?
seeing bianca  pain in my heart
It's only punishment if you post pictures of yourself in the doctorss.
Otherwise it's just a light and airy day.
Correction...
will be on with me next week on !
My bad...got my dates mixed up!
He's 31 though.
He probably lasts there for only 2 more seasons.
Today's Google doodle is awesome.
Celebrates birth of Howard Carter, who found King Tut's tomb.
Irene has been removed from the World Meteorological Organization's list of tropical cyclone names.
Irma is her replacement.
is 1 individual Id enjoy collaborating with Followback 4
Have a feeling they plan to take care of Forte, long as he stops talking!
Bears dont like mouths........
:
I am DONE with jury duty!
Dom, thanks for the input.
We only have the none site two major recent outages.
Can you get out of contract early?
snow?
Now you are really showing your age.
i hope the Pacers pull it out in the end of the next round!!
I know where the sidewalk begins.
Had a blast meeting  grammin' with the social team at !
Can't wait to be back, thanks for a warm welcome :
I missed it  why did Girardi pull Nova?
Hear the sound of your body doctorp, doctorp, doctorp 3
thanks for the rt.
btw for those who followed the sc2 doctorma with the racist comments...
that player and his team parted ways yesterday.
So there you go...
haha, I'm not sure if she did or not, and I don't really care.
But she sure is talking some crazy shit about me on here.
I'm glad you can forgive me, because I can't forgive myself.
juz know that it happened.......juz know that
I did get it.
Thx so much!!
Sorry I haven't had a chance to reply, we've been slammed!
Was stuck on the PATH train for like 35 mins..
WTF ;
lol, not acting but stunts : thanks for keeping your fingers crossed for me :
Chicken fried rice does sound good right now...
I got my wife a pack of gum today while I was out.
Made her super happy and, as a result, me.
It's the small things.
you're super funny!
Sorry we didn't get to chat more
chillin wit in gym SO PROUD OF HER:P
WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO FLORIDA
I feel tall at this gas station 
Sending HOT love to our fan
Dead Wings.
Damn.
I vote 12
Thanks for the plug Pete!
I'll spend the day learning the intracacies of Automatic Semicolon Insertion.
When I'm 70, the time savings begins paying off big time!
Going to do chores and I have the dog with me for company!
Every day is a new day in life!
: RIHquestNAVi goes haaaarrrrddd n da paint see Rihanna uses hard in the paint!!
I don't mean to brag....
However she has nothing on me!
I win hands down!
one stop shop!
Go MMX!
ATTENTION: Please learn the difference between YOUR and YOU'RE and know when to use it..hate seein that in my TL
RB8 have a day kid!
cool.
it will be the very last day of my 20s.
seriously.
YAY!
Good morning 3
There were pics of it flying over Manhattan to get there.
I fly into NYC tomorrow.
:
there's abit of complexity in the economics of it all, maybe libs   for pubs w/ ebooks, but it doesn't seem likely
I hate you.
oh thanks!
Going to a canyon today!
:
Ok now tell somebody how u really feel about em 2day
This April session is rocking!!
How's it going with those Week One assignments?
Ladies it's better to lose a love then love a loser!
so was it good?
Lets Go Heat !!!
We are currently rating the top TEN poker pros, who do you think should be on the list?
BabyThor I dig it.
ugh i got hacked again 
sounded painful
hi, my name is Ashley and I will be listening to tgose tracks when Bobby is done.
:
Well let me know what you decide :
Don't forget to mark your calendars!
Twitter party is 3 days away.
Monday 89pm EST!
Hashtag:
Great time Parq Hotel business mixer.
British Songs: You don't know your Beautiful....
American songs: I WANNA FUCK ALL THESE BITCHES ON DA FLOOR .
Everyone has their own beliefs but there is nothing wrong with following Christ.
Finding answers to questions without a registry.
Start w finding stakeholders who are most intersted
FREE 10 pokey stick at Gumby's w/ any order over 7.
Only w/ a
We stand at the tip of our mountains mad as the eye can see; enchanted in awe.
TY everyone for a great day yesterday for braving the lines  supporting handmade.
If you got any pics email to us.
And post links too!
xo
no problem :
These chicks on Revenge are Way Too Cold get the Theraflu
thanksforfollow let us know if we can also be of help 
i'd like a video tutorial on how you build an iPhone App Icon.
If you sell it via gumisterad i'd even pay you :
I'm lefthanded, but I struggle more with clipping the nails on my right hand than the other way around.
I don't get it.
Omg I just got a thang for Jeezy music
11:11 y'all..wishing time...
Happy Friday Everyone!
Tell Justin we don't like when he wears clothes.
It's awesome.
Enjoy!: Going to see The Lion King this afternoon.
Excited.
It has been on my life list for a long time.
Hello KIWW, I would luv to know if you all do business in Asia and if you still engage in sponsoring sports properties?
oh a million times socrates
Semisweet ChocolateSemisweet chocolate as the name suggests has a low content of sugar
Do we get them from the venue?
hey JESSWARNER10 go get some more nachos.
YOLivO21 said so...
Thx for the follow Katie.
How's life at , Lauderdale's hottest salon?
:
Still no k8 outfit..
Unbelievable.
Just when I move to NYC books a show at the Fillmore Miami.
Just do it right, make it perfect and real.
but it's not who you think.
sign of the beast!
YoungSiic is in the studio.
Word of the night
Vstd ur page Like and agree with the quotes Thx 4 following me All best to you
RT: If u were to follow for me that would be amazing:
Music can bring the most divergent of souls together to produce a symphony of the mind.
For that lover of horses  fine art.
Frank Joseph Dillon  Rare Oil painting  African American Artist 18661954.
Will send link
Just spun off about 600 calories...now putting 1,200 back into the tank.
Math magic at its best.
This Black Friday is already sounding crazy, I think I'll wait for Cyber Monday.
What can you do to engage your audience and enhance their experience while they wait in line to get into the house?
But then again Jake Fox is pretty ass, but then again so are the rest of the Bucs bats.
got kicked out of smashed in.
midwest blood
: If the BAU was real, I'd be a perfect fit for it!
CriminalMinds I LOVE THAT SHOW
Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong.
Peter T.
Mcintyre
WE BELIEVE!
who has one of JB'S Iphone4s CASES?
can you send us a detailed email w/acct info and issue?
we'll get to the bottom of this.
We have achieved moshing.
Researching various film journals to submit articles to.
Anyone have suggestions for magazines that like slightly smart ass film reviews?
Save me save me...
hey hey.
How are you doing my freind.
How you been.
How's your Monday been so far.
You can't get one from anyone?
/:
By separating data from interaction you can specialize ux to user's needs T.V.
Raman uicdae  good for accessibility  good for mobile web
chillin finna be back to the barracks after we come from Walmart.
RT : All a girl really wants is for one guy to prove to her that they are not all the same.
Marilyn Monroe
one of the things to avoid: design by committee
you shouldn't have to control either of them if they wanna be with you they'll be good girls :
Final score from Toyota Park Seattle Sounders FC 2, Chicago Fire 1.
Big fight at the end.
Possible suspensions?
Being exempt from everything 
Thanks so much for the RT!
people are people, too
I totally understand why, but it's really boring to watch games when they just park the bus..
It seems like James Marsters has only ever been Spike.
Who's at Bonnaroo right now?!
Newt is not the frontrunner; Romney has 31 delegates to Newts 26!
RT : Just saw that College Football Live on Va Tech...I think our O line is gonna gel quickly and you already know the D is...
it's all season
Gooden sending a 100 mph missile towards the hoop.
no problem.
Good luck!
Nice tapout shirt I bet your a great fighter
To be alive is to totally and openly participate in the simplicity and elegance of here and now.
Donald Altman
TechSector Lobbying Group Wants 'Patent Trolls' Out of the ITC
Enjoy your stay down here in the Jacksonville area.
Take advantage of the beautiful day up there in Amelia.
I just referred my friend Ciara to you for more toys.
Be nice to her!
welcome to motherhood jessicasimpson!
All women's blouses with baby spit up on them will be cleaned for free today on freefriday!
i could NEVER fight or argue over a dude thats no good !
ItSeemsLike at this point, moving on is what I have to do
Nobody is an expert, we all try to do the best we can.
I hope 1 day u can open ur heart  see that gays deserve the same rights
We find old stuff anywhere and everywhere..come to the southwest!
When I have a meltdown bc there are no eggs  I already started making cookie dough?
Gonna be a rough week.
Giving up  going to bed early.
I had one yesterday the gel was cold I asked them to clean it twice then some got in my belly button not cool!!!
I know right?!
Go Scotty, I hope you win idol now that Jacob is gone
I'm thinkin I want a Kenan  Kel box set for Christmas.
It's just around the corner, so if you see one...Holla at me!
Wes
RT: applied to my current job via twitter.
Saw a post, DM'd, pushed to top of resume pile
Katy Beth Perry,last Friday night was amazing:
When informed how I should straighten my hair, my gut response was to say, I just got my master's degree and lost 30 lbs.
Certainly would have worked!
Anyone need a boat full of dizzy doctornkards?
an excellent maxim, dear friend.
yeah it was this powder thing and i put it in a water bottle
Thanks for the RTs!!!
Coming back to Twitter now that I am down to four assignments left.
No more finals.
Odd how that works out this semester.
I find his language fuking awesome!!
: I really enjoy but find his language off putting.
We will tweet the winner at 9 PM CST.
Must follow and retweet before 8PM CST to have a chance to win!
Good luck everyone!
Next time i'll steal ALL your fries
New website coming very very soon ;
the new vid
I don't think I'd ever buy pajama jeans, but I can't be alone in wishing for pajama work pants.
For link building, search engines are looking for footprints  avoid the same anchors, says
you better come to Minnesota or Wisconsin.
:
SMILE!
Yes.
Thanks for the reminder.
It takes far less facial muscles to smile than to frown plus it lightens you up.
WHAT!
I WANNA KISS TOO
Def forgot to tweet about all of the amazing artists I came across yesterday at the starving artists show yesterday!
they're my boyzzz seats.
They get the tix from friends, very top row so u can stand, get in and out easy, see the whole park.
: Stop doubting God!

has a new track before the EP!
Help get us to 1,200 likes on facebook so we can release it  hmu 
Had Innout for lunch and I found my phone
this is one tru heat fan
It just feels like I'm not going anywhere without him
You know who my gods are, who I believe in fervently?
Herman Melville, Emily Dickinson  she's probably the top  Mozart, Shakespeare, Keats
Off to experience SXSW for the first time.
Looking forward to it!
Any tips for the South By newbie, send them through
is my crush of the day.
nice cover of Sexy and i know it dude.
:
old people should not be allowed to 1 doctorve a car 2 handle money 3 eat in a restaurant 4 vote Dave Norris 4 pillar program
Can this go by any slower?
Holy shit...
asks about other work does.
Ping: Interview process impacts other projects as well, typical plays.
O.m.g
Guys who are on that gangbanging type ish are beyond unattractive.
Boy bye !
tell that he's lyin to himself
raincamp is happening now!
I am so excited to attend and learn!
busted my face on my window sill..
lol
Yay!!
This week has started off great and it keeps getting better....
Nothing but tanktops.
I still have eyelash glue on my eyelashes...
I never hear wank.
Lol.
It's always jerk off.
And don't go blaming Madonna!!!
SenConrad NoBudget Cmte Chair says budget has no chance be4 election!
Cynical political manipulation of economy Millions r suffering
Laying down, thinking bout everything that happened today .
For sure!
Can't wait til next yr!RT : what a great time
I agree re: hashtags, with the exception of Instagramtweet your photo with the museum's name as hashtag
I'm sure we will!
Represent my man!
RT your gonna get my best every time!
Thanks!
Just saw the weed guy from high school wearing a suit on subway.
I want to think finance job,but he's probably just coming back from court.
wow my nba2k12 stopped working
LMFAO!
I ain't on no crack or doctorgs!
happy sunday?.
Rehypothecation doesn't seem legal yet it works for MF Global and Lehman
I used to like 311.
And now I live in 411.
beautifuldisaster?
Those unemployed, laid off, college student needs money, here are some ways to make extra income from home  stay tuned
Tony Madoctorga, Louis Faife, Paquito D'Rivera AND ELLIS MARSALIS last night!!!
More today on the National Mall  hope to see you out there!!!
I can never tell if ur tweets are about me...
welcome!
Thank u so much for being a fan of azap acne care!
Pls take our skin testwe will send you the best product for your skin
Today is the 163rd Manchester Derby, Manchester City FC vs Manchester United.
The match will decide the English Premier League title.
I signed the petition.
But what about the loans the govern has sold or will be selling to private companies.
I'm still screwed?
The Notebook
Additional tickets will be made available at the box office tomorrow starting at noon.
Be prepared for a long line...
I don't understand why people cheat.
If your not happy , just leave .
so happy for MO!
RT : Given his time in Cincy, needs to hit up for the inside scoop on the 'Nati
Slow down
So pissed right now!
Fill out our customer survey for a free 5 gift card!
www.goodwilldenver.org/survey or stop by our Thornton store this morning!
congrats on the new PB digs!
really hoping I get this new job
Yesterday, all my troubles seemed so far away, now they look as if they're here to stay.
What do Brad Gilderman, Bonnie McKee, Jamie Muhoberac, Michale Lloyd, Victoria Shaw Bill Aucoin, Gene Simmons, Shaun Cassidy have in common?
I was gonna suggest its time to move out west!
Once, a cobra bit Chuck Norris's leg.
After five days of excruciating pain, the cobra died.
But at least U made it back.
Dear Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez, you guys are so Naughty
My brother just fell outta the tree in my front yard.
Holy shit.
better yet send him a book : I think I know of a good one called
Purchased an exercise bike.
Nothing fancy.
Already reaping the benefits!!!
It's nice to have something for extra exercise insurance.
Does anyone know of any really good esoteric forums?
I've found ecauldoctorn.net, but I'd like to branch out as well!
Its 7/11, which means FREE slurpies at seveneleven today!!
A3: really?
I thought the point was to pin stuff you find all over.
It links to source still, which is why i thought it was ok.
Ha!
How to Turn Laziness into Flowers
Once in a while, in the middle of an ordinary life, love gives us a fairy tale.
It was, and meof5yearsago would've just sent it, feeling smug and getting nothing done :
Thanks.
I've looked at diigo a bit in the past but was good w/ delicious.
Time to reexamine it.
delicious changes :
I have never heard Romney talk about his mom...
Rain, lightning and fog is our top story this morning on
I'm all ready and got my tux on!!
Classy :
Not our event, sadly.
I'm secretly hoping I can get there too!
Just got off my time machine
We had a magical time in Nashville!
Back to being busy in Columbus!
Check our Facebook page for upcoming shows and new pics!
We appreciate all the likes, but give us some comments?
We would like to know what you think!
Cody :
29 great beers on tap at new Wingharts location.
two hearted ale
I think they're hooked...several students entering my room today said Please tell me we are working on our project today!
Got to love PBL
Cool well we all need to get up for doctornks soon.
LES?
great song by manson
Hassan expected to find a huge, humanskin covered book with thick, yellowed parchment pages and an ancient brass clasp with a lock...
One good thing about today's 30minute run is having to concentrate so hard on breathing took my mind off all the grants writing I've to do
95 on algebra exam, 96 on biology exam, 87 on english exam, yet barely passing computer apps now...
Mfs be so TeamDiamond but soon as another bitch come around she get the same treatment .
Mfs don't owe me shit just STOP SPEAKING TO ME
thanks for the follow, m'loves!
xox
I used to run 12 miles every Saturday.
Just keep imagining you'll be doing more than twice that and it's easy.
Heavy metal duo: Husband, wife design artwork from glass, metal  Utica Observer Dispatch
: i love free coupons, you too right?
.Especially those for articles used to make METH!
Innovative...use of the mediation process continues to evolve...
I bombed that test...
Why thank you!
We think it's pretty great ourselves.
Morgan is on FIRE!
my bad ill text you next time lol
Love this!
A skill most foster kids, unfortunately, don't get.
what is the link for the VIP pacages?
Did you have the truffle chicken at Nomad?
I can't stop thinking about it!
My 10 year old son just did his first plank  65 seconds!
Woot!
Even though this sounds creepy, I will help.
Try Spencers Gifts.
Grab a six pack RT To grab a Corona ...or not to grab a Corona....that is the question at hand
Yeah lots of injuries early on, but it's part of the fun.
The thing that scares GeorgeSchultz most: nuclear weapons in the wrong hands  going off.
Also, heavy ass grocery bags w/the ring on, ouch.
Unknown If all my friends were to jump off a bridge I wouldnt jump with them Id be at the bottom to catch them.
Thank you very much, my twitter family for your generosity .
God always blesses those who sees others needs and help.
autocorrect....: Sorry!
Thought it was a nickname for someone...wasn't sure who, but it was still funny.
: :
At the RIT Conference center for our 2012 rollout event, hope the food is good!
figured one word was careful enough answer
So many great ideas!
Thank you to all the presenters!
nice!
I'm plannin on being back for that weekend
plz follow me U guys r good inspirations for me my 6 yr old brother who loves u guys and My lil 4yr old sis that's obessed :
grilled cheese and spaghetti o's.
oh, i'm living life on the edge today.
MISSING: LAUREN SPIERER 4'11 100 LBS BLONDE HAIR BLUE EYES.
ANY INFO CALL: 8123394477.
Lauren needs to be found
Thank you for the RT!

Going great!
I'm working at it  being received well.
I see you are travelling the world singing.
Exciting!
I have endured a great deal of ridicule without much malice; and have received a great deal of kindness, not quite free from ridicule.
Nicki Minaj with these pepsi commercials  Corny  cute at once.
Poker time at
wait which video did you show her?
Can I interest you in a gaggle of penises?
you leave me no choice but to build up my walls again and make them invincible to the world.
I say Richard Pitino.
Its as close as he will ever get to greatness.
Yup comes in handy on days I don't plan on going and than am bored and just pop in.
Ive learned that no matter how much I care, some people just dont care back.
Omer B.
Washington
Yeah, he knew that LeShoure was hurt, but I don't he realized he was on IR.
And he didn't know about Williams.
Sad.
Spring break is over.
Would like to get you on in Chicago on 670 the Score to talk LeBron and what the Bulls are up to?
Thanks in advance.
is there any accountability, team push ups 2 keep us motivated?
Just wondering.
a red eye from NYC is the best time 2 motivate
oh tuesday.
is extreme dancing cajun pawn picker hoarder wars on tonight?
Just sang Beat It in front of 200 people!!
Wow.
I'm pretty sure I would've wet myself if that happened, lol.
we look fwd to serving you!
U coming to the groundbreaking on May 14?
Good morning.
call me babe if u want or can
I'm going shoe shopping with my mommy and my grandma!
Yay!
:
jaden smith better than diggy simmons
For sure man
Nw: The Social Network
I'm about to unlock this!!!
Sending hello to the folks in Hong Kong...:
WHHHHOOOOAAAAAAA!!!!!
SILVEY ON THE TWITTER!
!!!
MEOW!!!!
Playing at the Metro Gallery tonight with and Spirituals remixed with hiphop beats and cello.
Are you a gaming/anime/comics fan?
Check out and at the Momocon convention in Atlanta, between 3/163/18
How is it even possible to have a concave butt?Really?It looks like jaws bit ur ass off.I hope ur checking out a booty video
Stressin right now
Q: Why should you never iron a 4leaf clover?
A: You don't want to press your luck.
Wishing everyone a Happy St.
Patrick's Day!
Follow Him He Follow Back!
Corollary to Godwin's Law: The argument is over when it devolves into a denunciation of furries.
I didn't hear you say hi back!
If everybody's thinking alike, somebody isn't thinking  Gen G.
Patton
who took my lighter...
Oh well that was a different Mind Palace.
First day out sick hope my students check the wordpress and can follow directions.
.
.
I am sure they will.
Sure thing!
To quote my wife, This is Wisconsin, can't we get a recall of these MegaMillions numbers?
doctornking legally 
Had a blast at Lucky Strikes in DC last night.
Can't wait to go back.
LOVE that your photo is on one of the silo swing chairs!
Can't wait to get to LA to check out the store.
NYC area friends I'm flying in next week for Showcase.
Head hurts good night
its all good.
I met someone at target in the tampon section.
We're the same age so yeahh....im done!
It's not even noon and I have pizza on my brain.
ok lazy 's bday is 12/19/72.So basically same time when I was young  watching.So mayB U R the old 1?
:
The fact that is rich should not disqualify him from being president.
Only from paying taxes.
So leave him alone filthy liberals
World Listening day  from Berlin.
Just recorded the sound of silence in the Straatsbibliothek.
how you know it's a Monday: wake up wicked early, then sleep through 4 alarms, then realize your bills autodebited out of the wrong acct.
People just love pissing me off when I'm outside with friends.
I guess.
Smh, people are so immature nowadays.
That moment when you start throwing decorations at the tree and hope they stick cause you're sick of hanging them.
James Howard Kunstler
My copy arrived in the mail yesterday.
The entire issue looks so great, but your piece was a stand out.
Forever Alone.
thanks for the follow!
Interested in vibratory exercise.
Some units sell for .
Added a vibratory motor to my office chair.
Now I'm like Elvis...all shook up
finIShed is the business of taking stock.
sISyphus, pick back up your rock.
Another good day with the family visiting at Hollywood Studios as they go back to South Florida tomorrow.
Time for bed and a work in the am.
Got an angel on my Pandora bracelet in memory of my nana and Christina 
that Gud Boo,how's the kids
I see you Bucky.
You can always find reasons to not do something but honestly you only need one reason to actually do something.
Three more huge boxes have been donated and delivered to casa de swap.
Can't wait to share all this great stuff with you at Mom  Kid Swap!
theory is waiting to be studied...
Im put'n on a winter coat!
I better watch it!
The cold weather makes me so lazy.
How about you?
My ASJA2012 health  beauty writing panel moved 2 Friday 4/27 at 10:15 Mark your calendars; panelists R editors from top women's mags!
Well it was a packed house in McNally's for kickoff of the though it MIGHT have had to do with a different game
If you don't know what your government is doing, you don't live in a democracy.
Jane Anne Morris
I'm so pissed my dedication passion and love for is not enough I jus wanted to see this man damnit was tht too much to ask
just sang all the words to the LeagueofTheirOwn song that the women sang before games and at the Hall of Fame
We get around haha
You guys pumped?
It pays to have a birthday this week.
I'm up to 60 bucks in freebies!
Thx
yea im sort of an idiot
what did Austin get you?!?!
Up from a nap, yes I took a nap.
I feel better now and my youngest is still naping.
So should I start on another painting....hum?
the stickers keep me going
why are Springer books so expensive?!?
even the ebook...
99.99...
I have a feeling Cleveland is not taking a WR now.
The more energy we spend watching someone else and comparing ourself to them; the less energy we have to do something great ourselves.
Hopefully they can speed that section up via signal preemption?
So new, but it seems a fixture already.
wow bro, is that instagram?
that on andoctorid now?
Glad you are coming out to MA area  would love to catch up; hope all is rock  rolling with your writing  life; happy WW !
Cupcakes are almost ready for tomorrow!
:
ok thank god!!
Its just so sad.
I feel for them.
i see you
Ate some lettuce from our little urban garden today.
Waiting for the radish to sprout.
well God of War 3 has great graphics
for food or dancing or resting or earthisawesome or mankindisawesome?
and what month?
WE NEED EXCITABLE ACTION FIGURES
The sorting in tweepi is really good but you have to deal with pagination.
It takes a bit but you can bulk delete losers!
you should tweet that at and see what they do :
funny, I was thinking coffee, soup, and grilled cheese day!
My motto.
RT : It's called the PAST, leave it there .
Don't wait on a record deal.
Do it yourself it's 2012.
Let help.
Invest in your music.
Congrats on the deal!
Gonna miss you in the red and gold, but you deserve this deal!
Hey thanks!
We are excited, y'all should get a team and go Streaking next week in Nash!
No pants is definitely the way to go
I forgot to do the chemistry packet !
you would be listening to that kind of music at night !
Lmao
Bring your needlework for inspiration in an Unconference discussion of handicraft bloggers and intellectual property rights
Hubby is worn out, battling high bp, recovering from bronchitis.
Plz pray for him as he ministers in prison this a.m.
I won't give up on us.
Even if the skies get DUDE WHAT THE HECK!!
The reason why it never worked with anyone, is because the right one is still out there.
What will you offer in service to God this day?
they say everything happens for a reason, so if I smack the shit outta you, there's a reason I did!
sounds great!
State your new name today and walk in it with belief.
You expect the staff to have some sort of control on how things are handled with recruits when they visit.
This is ridiculous.
Just destroyed those cheese sticks.
To do list: go home, shower, call oomf, then sleep.
We are thrilled to have been a part of it!
yeah was thinking bout you the other day wanted to get yer thoughts on the KONY thing.
So Here's My Number RT : Call me maybe
but fashion is definitely part of the fun.
Lost in the woods
Facts always describe the past.
They are good to have, but you don't know if they still apply  ;
this tree is a sneaky little fucker.
I hope my musically inclined friends keep making playlists because I'm enjoying them and totally helpless on my own.
When you generate a new flow of life force within your cells the dense energy connected to illness transforms  the body heals.
Doing diabetes section in your medic class and you just wanna skip the section cause you're already a pro on it...
diabeticslife 
Prizes include Best Literary costume, Best Librarian costume and NEW for 2012 a prize for the person who traveled the farthest!
That was favorite song when he was 2.
In fact he requested they sing it in Sunday School once.
Not a fan of the biggest diva in the NBA?
Just the 2nd biggest
Thank you!
Happy Thursday!
Toast pop out da toaster you niggas could get hit wit some hot shit
Feels like crap.
kevin went hard!!!
I thought I pinned a lot until I started following
10 more likes and someone is winning a free loaf of bread!
Thank you for the bday wishes, Chelsea!
thanks, David!
One more post coming from Niagara Falls.
You two doing anything special today?
!
we just posted a new pic to our tumblr page.
there are a few shots of you in it!
glad you're having a goof day :
Let my family try and figure out some of the logos.
I look back on one, they guessed trogan condom.
Really?
We need to run the ball and go up by 1 our defense is playing great lets run clock
Yay happy to have our fave RT : Hey Foodie friends!
I've missed you all something terrible...
love this quote.
you will get a grammy : 21 follow me?
I will always love the de Kooning's from the 80's.
Go Wings!
Watching the Lakers missing Alligator Lounge and Devoe Street...lets see if they can pull this one off!
Is it just me, or is a college asking its own faculty for donations a little strange?
I think I'll release my inner Keef/Gram/Townes/Waylon instead and let that guy sort out the wardoctorbe ;
Go see movies by yourself.
Healthier.
had to become a fan, you're the worst AIR player but the thunderbest.
IT IS SI HOT OUTSIDE ING IT'S LIKE 85 or 90 :o
DearChapter 15, we need to talk.
Well, you need to talk.
I need to type.
You talk.
I type.
We'll set a good example for Chapter 16, okay?
ait did the chat start its not working for me
Former UK men's soccer coach Ian Collins is new boys soccer coach at George Rogers Clark High School
Starting an editorial video/portrait piece on 30 artists under 30.
Anyone know anyone that would be interested in being featured?
Message me
Excited about the opening of , a new highend consignment store from
hit me up homie.
we in this bitch
thx for coming by :
If this war is neverending, Ill take this love down with me 
RT : Your ways, God, are holy.
What god is as great as our God?
I love the palomar, I have all 4 fish lined up to my left!!
the ATT team does a fantastic job!
Big Kudos!
I'm commiserating
Add me on myspace is DjHotBlaze08 add me there k thanks
Which one?
I'm not connecting the two ...
Showers are amazing.
They make you feel nice  clean, make you sound like a professorssional singer,  help you make all of life's decisions.
I'm putting 2 up that u will follow me today in case tomorrow never comes.
both awful.
Go for Panera
thats pretty awesome still.
I'll be lucky to get 12.
that time you hosted friday night lives was awesome!
lets grab coffee sometime
Broke my computer screen, that's why you don't bring them with you...
what are you doing?
big data processing or just need a database?
they deliver to philly??
Haha...
Damn do I miss it!!!
Join more in concert n Cincinnati Friday, 5/18 at !
RT!
Off to school!:
hope you had a great time tonight!!
NEVER SAY NEVER.
hehehehe
majority of DM's are either spam or sexy/ehh thirsty people.
No one sends a DM just to talk xD but I fall easy
is finalizing post production on a restaurant project in the Gaslamp Quarter and is finishing shooting 30 aerials today.
can't begin to tell you how great the buffalo filet was.
The highlight of my Dallas trip, no doubt about it.
yeah it rules!
To bad I am American and have no clue what it is but bc it came out of ur mouth I know it's cool
Come hang with us!
RT : I'm at for Dirty Water Fridays!
Come play!
Oy, I'd better end this day...got to be up at 5 to prep for another school visit
does it count if we put the video on replay??
:P
soo good seeing ypu thos weekend.
You and better be rolling to bg before you leave for good!
So don't miss all the bullshit I use to go thru with them doctornk ass customers at Checkers
That's an interesting zippered shirt that Josh Byrnes is wearing.
The heart surrenders everything to the moment.
The mind judges and holds back.
Ram Dass
People see it as doomsday but the song says this could be your finest hour.
Your a light on a hill.
Are you ready to shine?
Hahahahahaha; I do that with Austin on all 4 accounts:LL x
Practice tonight...possibly working on new original music?
We shall see....
and I want to see your show!
Short day at work...long night of packing.
I do this to myself every single time
better solution: just blast Korn into their wall when you're not home.
:
Funny how time flys when Scholars are well behaved...lol.
sounds great!
Love to get a job like that
I hate waiting
Q7 Dunno why, but Where the Wild Things Are freaked me out when I was a kid.
Do have fond memories of Nutcracker illustrations.
Oh shit, Human Centipede 2 is on Netflix.
Tonight will be glorious.
See the FB page for important letter to Superintendent and Board
Thanks for this!
I need this today!
:
Just announced!
Stacy Keibler is now hosting the VIP Party at SUPERdoctorFT on August 27 at the Palms in Vegas!
Print1Media has a fun, new website.
Come check it out and let us know what you think www.print1media.com
Very sad news about Adam Yauch.
ikr!
i love it too..one of my favs..
:D
ur one of the people that she's following and I was following some ppl that she's following
and they're all yours!
Get to work ;
Young christian at work is done : now onto easter
Darren Whitehead's message at Willowcreek on Aussies and Giving Awesome!
Can't find it!
just made my night!!!
Man there's a lot of SMUTS on Twitter
so...
YOU'RE SUPER AMAZING AND TALENTED!!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!!!
33333
W/my momma at the hospital checkin up on the baby : I like this hospital...
It has wifi.
ya shit was hacked, FYI
Poor little hope is wasting away.
All I want to do is eat and doctornk now that I am home
Prioritize your goals for today, you can not do everything at once.
Remember: Small steps, BIG STEPS
Man niggas ain't been trying to let me won't say no name But I'm ah get it doe lol
Use a service like in conjunction w/ YouTube, Vimeo for video.
Former doctorves traffic to your site, latter gets you the most exposure.
I really wish my brain would sometimes filter the things that come out of my mouth
just bought BOYFRIEND and am listening to it on repeat.
LOVE ITT 3
LMSunSIG ask faculty the one aspect of their course that they want to do better or have trouble with.
But only 1 thing.
Start small
I was just testing you.
u have managed to screw up AGAIN for the 4th time in 1 week.
I didn't know anyone could be worse than Time Warner but congrats!
And in my honor, I would want a huge blunt of some lemon g or sour diesel passed around to everybody.
ha
Just cleaning my room and watching 's twitcam LLN :
No problem, we all had a blast...just don't let any of those pics make their way to the Internet :
I will DEF.
be placing an order!
2nd street lamp on 2400 block of Boston St.
is out.
I HATE MOST PEOPLE...
:/
i am fish pet sitting :
Never try and Hustle a HUSTLER!
Wtf is this shit about Justin and Niall fighting?!???
I'm late
If I get 40 RTs on this l'll post a video of my singing a song that one of ya'll will choose!
The day I'll officially feel old is when my cousin whose 12 is on a social networking site.
I feel like that time is slowly approaching
Come support your NYRANGERS  YANKEES tonight here 3 bud/coors doctorfts  4 bottles till 7pm!Come Bounce with us!
Hey Steph, we hope you had an awesome time with us last night!
What did you play?
hate.hate.hate.
Internet Explorer.

Hey thanks for the follow!
Stop in today for Lunch today  celebrate the latest with Prop 8 by getting 8 off your food!
Wait, whoa....beer?
We'd love it if Sufjan Stevens could be interviewed for our music documentary about the loss of woods for acoustic guitars
With all the new programs Indy Reads has added, we are going to need MANY more volunteers  250 by the end of summer, as a matter of fact...
Here we go...
Terri Jordan starts off by talking about the importance of trust with the community
I think that is the method used to doctorve potential husbands away..
Wine tasting?
Really?
Both teams played hard.
Count ye rosebuds while ye may...
RT : RT : The way to accurately predict the future is to get busy and get involved in making it.
UPDATE!!!
LEGACYyearIII w/  is now set for WEDNESDAY, JULY 11
Part of doing a job, imo, includes good customer service.
So no, she really wasn't.
please research how much we pay county supervisor.
Total not just records, including perks!
yes Cholodenko for directing
Great to meet you!
Tell us a little more about the project?
It looks very exciting.
i was trying to say i don't mind going to jail
All right!
Nice page you have there, thanks for compiling it.
Watching the Rockies right now is giving me diverticulitis
Hi Josh.
: You guys keep up the great work!
Proud of you!
nice meeting you too
Did you see the SuperMoon tonight?
Beautiful!
Aren't there 7 continents?
Lmao in elementary school we learned a song that went 7 coninents on the globe, count them all with me hmm..
I wasn't ready, so far from ready
RT : So stoked for and tonight!
Great lunch with  will have to make it a regular thing.
AdoctorSoftware Contracted to Provide Automated Workforce Monitoring Service at Construction Sites in Denver, Baltimore ...
Apparently was in the office today...doing something animaly?
ah yeah, that's a good choice!
definitely check out some of the others too though.
there are some great ones!
My iPhone is broken.
I press the home button but I'm still at work.
I guess im off this for tonight!
Rachel Maddow for Meet The Press!
When people are blasting rap music in the middle of the night .
I dont care if you go hard in the paint  I'm trying to sleep.
We are bringing back the Chef  the Kids Art Park This Saturday 302 S Rampart FREE Spring Earth Day Crafts
Saturday or Sunday  I'm suppose to be up there on Sunday
the test isn't till next Tues.
We should def do happy hour soon I'm gonna miss you too : How long are you in D.C.?
I need the kardashiancollection geoprint TriBeCa jumpsuit like yesterday amazing times 10
not The size Of the shaker but how you shake it
Yep...you got it!
Just finished pulling out our third batch of fresh ice cream today
Thanks to all followers!
But it was the kids' first visit to Disneyland and B's 11th birthday on Wednesday...
so it was a good and sad week and so a bit surreal.
lol yeah sure!
Thatd be cool cuz ive never been off this island of Oahu before!
Do you live on the mainland?
What state?
Thanks : I appreciate it.
I miss old pandora!!
Where I could skip at least 5 songs before an advertisement!!
I'm back!
Nice win 4 the CARDS over ND, next up UCONN, maybe a Big East Tourney Championship?
Maybe a 2 seed?
Whatcha think?
I did the same thing but it was on the floor
Officially 8 Days Till My Birthday Can't Wait 3 Sonny
I think the field is wide open for you.
Craig Sager came to my mind first.
You could beat him if you simply wore more tacky suits
I'm warm
Hi.
My bestfriend is finally nice to me.
life is perfect.
I just teared up in my doctors office while he was examining me.
This news is DEVASTATING.
Packing up ready to head out to shoot w
Recent Followers Thanks :D
Sundays are meant to do things you enjoy...like doctornking wine.
All Night Happy Hour begins at 4:00pm.
Come by and snag a seat!
Cheers!
I'd rather been punched in the face right about now..
I need to get out of this town..
Im bored at home right now
Any fool can criticize, condemn and complain and most fools do.
Benjamin Franklin
Really?
: RT : A new Pew study finds nearly 7 in 10 local news readers wouldnt greatly miss their hometown paper:
: I hope Snoop, doctor and 3D Pac come to Green Bay this summer!!!!!
yes!
That would be awesome
: doctorgons den auditions were great thank you!
Way to go Nicole!
is temporarily out of service due to the derailment of thought, estimated time for repair is unknown.
i second that nomination for I still don't know what a novella is though hehehe
Needed: means of watching Arsenal vs.
Wolves.
Ready?
Go!
lmfao  all the change that fell out of wherever you just had the change
Massive hole in my jeans, oh well still wearing them.
Looking forward to 826 Valencia Breakfast in the morning with Jeff Mayersohn of even if it means getting up way too early.
if this is the case in omniture The maximum number of characters an image request in Internet Explorer can carry is 2083 what happens?
Want to win a 4500 package to the PPC Aruba?
Includes a 3300 ME seat  1200 for travel.
520 satty at Isle Pompano at 3pm.
See you there.
definitely do the same, it feels amazing lol
awww im sorry!!
you can still be my valentine!!
D
If we females are talking about one another, of course a man won't feel bad about calling us a bitch or a hoe.
Women do it to other women!
Cool read, how I discovered two cool writers, read that shit
Just read Icefall by Matthew Kirby.
It's sort of Grendel for the YA gang.
Vikings, berserkers, bards, war hammers.
What's not to like?
It also shows that you guys miss Bosh.
No one else really scored for The Heat beside James and Wade
When is it and where??
Man on third, no outs.
Salty k's on 3 pitches and punto now down 12.
Former President Reagan's grandson Cameron Reagan was arrested by LAPD shortly after midnight.
Stretching your ears is kinda like picking a boyfriend.
Go big or go home
Let us know what delicious dishes you plan to make with today's produce box delivery : Enjoy your week!
Watch out Twitter.
Pinterest may be my new time capsule.
:
The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.
Lesson learned: Don't take a doctornk  read 's tweets at the same time.
It's not pretty, friends.
I know it was awesome.
We were there too.
If you looked up you would see us.
Way up!
Starting to look at a lot more new deals with developers who see an opportunity to fill the coming inventory gap with new product in 2011.
A mercredi au Living Room!
Shout out to She follows back :
We're almost at the first quarter of the year!
Are you where you wanted to be when '12 began?
How did you TakeAction?
Happy Holidays and thanks for the mention.
Oh how I love my online accounts
Craving Brunch at Fresh donuts, Pulled Pork w/ Poached Eggs, Mussels  a London Calling Cocktail.
cc
Do you mow the lawn or cut the grass ???
Conway
This is fantastic news!
Three cheers for
Junction Rd.
off of Hwy.
26 in Jefferson Co.
is closed after a truck carrying ethanol rolled over.
Unknown if truck is leaking ethanol.
If it doesn't feel easy.
There is something you havn't discovered.
liike i can't tell you.
well atleast not on here.
or really idkk if im aloud to say anything.
: HATE YOU hate reciprocated.
Nice site and idea.
Good luck, guys.
We make training mgmt programs  content for paper industry, so keep us in mind.
:
do u like The Band Perry?
:
We going be up there
I am serving full stick in traffic realness!
Lmao!!!
Grr
On another note, who puts in a bigger dipper: burnett or hoffer?
i wonder what they have for lunch
so true!
thanks for the follow neighbour!
And it raises money.
Pride and Joy by Stevie Ray Vaughn just came on the radio.
Seems some stations still have a good music taste.
haven't seen that face in weeks 
Hey, Josh, congrats on general excellence.
Good night for BizWeek.
Hey there yourself, hough.
I've decided to cowrite a book with my Dad on Fibromyalgia.
I just typed in can you use rubbing alcohol in Search and it autocompleted with to clean your ass  wtf yo?
I meditated this morning when I should have been moving my car for street cleaning.
If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed  Albert Einstein
Confession 5 I love spongebob.
YEAH I SAID IT!
AND WHAT?!?
lol
The doctorss must follow the body of a woman, not the body following the shape of the doctorss.
Hubert de Givenchy
So much doctorving!
Man i wont see yhu.
Cause ima be out of town for a week.
And i leave tmmister.
How long you gon be at work?
How about that 300 to 400 toothcleaning.
The one that makes you want to cry when the vet says she needs it.
I'm about to go to bed....
I've got to fart.
Thanks for the update
Coming off the Bay Bridge this afternoon, on the Oakland side, I noticed tons of litter  heavy weed growth.
Reflects
Pay Attention !
ShoutOut to all the Seniors I ACTUALLY FUCKS WITH at Mount Ida , Godbless you guys !
I wish you guys peace  prosperity.
Fuckerryone else!
I want WAFFLE HOUSE !!!
SM101 listen  engage!
RT : Crazy!: 95 of companies don't answer posts/questions on Facebook!
thanks for the support bro
so get on it lol
Thank you!
Wonderful to get to this point
I just finished a 4.00 mi run with a time of 37:32 with Nike GPS.
Many times the best way to get experience is to do an internship.
do something you would like to see on jackass
If you run for governor of Illinois, make sure you can do the time.
How are you today?
Happy new year to all!
Crying because 1D is coming to my city in Summer 2013.
YES.
RT : I voted YES!
ONE union is a powerful union!
RT support the bargaining STRENGTH of a merger....
aupolisci Getting Published in Political Science launching with introduction by
the effing apartment complex will tow my car.
smash in to it, you are titanium!!!
:D
Wilson's Monday night madness.
Take Missouri 1.5 ncaab
I'm about to go to bed
Gm my ppl
From yesterday's trivia: did you know that Yesterday is the most commonly covered Beatles song, with over 3,000 versions to date?
Whoa fat fuck
There's a special place on whore island for you.
Hmm how far off are these concerts?
LeBron James is dominating the 1st round, let's see him do this well in the NBA Finals.
I have a hunch Dolly Parton would be fun, and she's got a program to give books to newborns in KY
: Never worry about haters::: better 2 b hated then 2 b invisible
two hours to go and still four and a half pages.
almost there.
i can see the light at the end of the tunnel!
great seats : you know I followed you because of your writing blog LOL!
I am a nkotbsb nut  can't help it ha ha ...
Q3 by building a connection between two new concepts using a bridge between two known concepts.
A new DFilm addoctorssing the senseless Murders and Black on Black Violence in the Detroit Metro Area.
Coming Up.
thank you for the kind words!
And thank you for all you're doing for childoctorn.
What a wonderful organization.
birthday tomorrow, or are you converting?
thanks.
I will give them a call.
Looking AND retweeting!
RT : LibraryThing for Libraries now has its own Twitter account.
You're looking at it.
You are following the wrong Chris Damiani..lol chris is
Thanks.
Spent lots of time thinking about and writing it.
Season premiere of
tried getting 49er tickets to surprise my Fiance....but man, they sold out in minutes!!
: lol!
RT : talking remodeling additions kitchens in
you text me first!
: So strong.
So handsome.
swoon you need to come down here tomorrow  run out there like
I agree!
Not a fan of his, too lazy!
yes he is and comes from a very similar background like our kids.
It is through A program called Just Say Yes.
Its only noon here and it feels like the day should be over!
genealogy is keeping me busy.
It was great to meet you at sxsw.
You've come a long way from Lake Havasu.
Let's stay in touch.
At the mall with jazmine :
nice to have you down!
: Loved visiting this evening.
Less social and more focused...
So, 100 followers as of today...
Getting ready for tomorrow's Economic Affairs meeting, as well as Thursday and Friday's session!
Can't believe the Clippers eliminated the grizzlies.
It be something if the Lakers and Clippers played for the west.
Conference championship
And the girls are so hot, seriously why are me and not in Florida supporting spirit and his gf?
Take the stairs two at a time instead of one at a time.
This causes you to have to exert yourself more and increases your heart rate.
So many men so little aspirin.
The web site is blowing up with close to 1200 views setting a daily record in the last hour.
Thanks 9News.
Amen Elmer Davis, Amen :
Fuck everybody today not in a Good mood
Indeed you can!
Decide and it is done.
;
ROFL!
With a PhD in that existential phil, I suggest trying Christianity.
Now that scares the HELL out of me!
buying stupid shit on polk...
Shit today?
Everyday !
Now entertaining job offers for web development in the L.A area.
You'll probably find someone but you'll never find another
that is so sad!
Too sleepy to pack.
Will be bringing a flask, a toothbrush, and my cathaired covered work clothes from the night before.
Actually, I've never really thought about that.
I want to make sure I say something interesting myself.
:
Just saw JackandJill w/ AdamSandler.
It was a lil' goofy but it reminded me that everyone can find that someone rite 4 them
Phil Lynn doctornk....
Just caught up on my DVR shows...
I think my Gleek phase hath faded.
: 
I'm allergic to ignorance ....
Today is a special day, its my mommy's birthday, Happy Birthday Mom I love you so much.
:
the sign up page is blank...Ariana I have a whole song that I want to show you but I cant because of the link please fix it?
Who's Awake
I've done it.
The trick is to put the cereal into a tall plastic cup instead of a bowl...:D
RT Are congratulations in order?
Ask whether it should be congrats or condolences.
Maybe both!
:
Please follow me?
:D
Just added our Celebrating Spanish Flavors class on March 24.
Check it out!
Ben's doctoram White Sox defeat the Brockton Reds 127 in their Game 1.
I must be the only person who find the JPM piling on of Jamie overdone.
They fd.
Let's fix the f up and move on.
done!!
Follow me, and have others follow me too!!
stay posted, we are still working on editing our interviews, my computer has not been wanting to work
Who's ready for the Chargers Raiders game on Thurs??
We'll be on that morning talking top tailgate essentials.
Don't miss it!
I see Dick Cheney got a new heart.
So does this mean GW Bush will get a new brain?
Who gets courage?
Come in Kane I'm listening!
If I can't have you then I will have no one at all.
Thanks , saw your comment on and I'll give you a shout
YAH!
Daughter Chloe got her first goal in 3rd grade traveling soccer today!
It was an awesome site!
Open space and opportunity hahaa
You bet!
Happy Birthday to Rep Dwight Bullard
Feeling guilty, splurged on a kindle, has sat there for a while, any good book recommendations, I'm looking at you
I hope the Dallas Cowboys picked a bust as a cornerback as the 6th pick overall.
its not my music its !!
But he is about to blow up.
Help spread the word.
RT : Messi just scored his onemillionth goal of the season.
Really impressive.
Oh, I meant 70th.
Still not bad.
I had a doctoram too MLK.
Though sadly, I didn't wake up in a beach mansion in the tropics with Kate Upton in my bed, so I guess you win.
Clouds should linger much of the day today but it will be a bit warmer with highs near 40.
Thanksgiving forecast on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS AM.
hi shaunna.
I'm up front and would like to say hi after the session.
Keep up the great tweets!
My friend backstabbed me today!
I thought we was really FRIENDS until..she says things that's not true about me!
Start counting down
Sometimes people think that you can just throw a design together in an hour.
My thought?
Yeah, if I had Color by Numbers!
Good sleep is a component of good health.
If worries are keeping you awake, try journaling  it may provide a way for you to release the
The 12step chocoholics program: Never be more than 12 steps away from chocolate!
Terry Moore
I can already tell this is going to be a bad day
Breathe Deep, Speak Easy the 2012 theme and logos revealed!
Missing the game right now to help with auditions for his show and I couldn't be more excited!
Nice win by UC today!
BearcatNation great game by
Moore said he can play despite the broken nose and Braun is fine as well.
McLellan hinted at lineup changes, though.
Thanks Howard, you know we always want our HTown squads to win
dude.
loves Joann fabrics.
u said it LAST YEAR..
Maybe this year no ..
great job!
every time i see that video i start to get really hipped up!!
also tp nice rap u both r my idols :
Whats happening tonight ?
I make a delicious batch of homemade Friday night popcorn if I do say so myself.
cc
Words cant even describe how much of a bad day i have had.
And there is a toddler throwing firecrackers at me
who's on that team?
you coaching it?
Am trying to write a review of 's THE YEAR OF THE GADFLY and all I can do is flail.
Translating that to text is hard!
Looking forward to another Foodiechat tonight
thanks Adam  looking forward to it.
Hope things are going well for you!
if u watch tv online after the fact like me, catch my friend stellar guest spot on last week's Grey's.
so exciting!
Welcome new bookworm friends
U just fry them?
My pals from just popped in.
They make a good Chillspot for hot dogs!
I luv mine!
Bulls have confirmed Rose out with torn ACL.
Is this the real thing or is it just a one night stand?
Thanks for follow.
I take weekly lessons from an accomplished local instructor.
Your videos look excellent; look forward to it.
Go give our friends in Forever Sets The Sun a 'Like'.
They are some genuine dudes and rad musicians.
Let em' know OIC sent ya ; 3
I wouldn't apologize either
just did.
Why are they so adorable together?
Word !
RT : Sometimes I hate you, sometimes I love you.
what's that new survival movie?
147 hours or something?
I need something to do this weekend .
your dad's company is a sponsor at Vitense and you don't even get free stuff?
Thanks for the warm welcome to UMBC and Baltimore I'm looking forward to working with the Soc/Anth dept.
Thank you, your very welcome!
Its nice to hear from those that benefit from some of my posts!
Seems we both live in Newark.
NYC be jumping 24/7...
I need someone to show me this night life 4 one weekend,,,,
oh ok.Well when ever you want to make a change,the rest of the world will probably still be here.God will continue blessing U.
Any contemporary monologue suggestions?
I need something for Wednesday...
In and out of DMV in less than 25 minutes.
Who says all guvmint is inefficient?
It ain't in Daly City, CA!
Today's Magic Relationship Word is UNDERSTAND.
awesome thx for asking and yours?
Michael Jackson had the 1 song on this day in 1972 with Ben.
I love that song.
So sweet.
Happy Friday tweeps!
What's up for the weekend?
John's back
i feel ya 100 playboy.
Meaning it's a little bit notstupid?
Or just not a very big thing?
i did will he follow da ppl dat sighedin??
VRÏFÏD
so society trudges on around the same old worn out groove; lie, tax, steal, rape, molest, deny  sell it all as entertainment  advertising
What is going on w this?
the stadium is probably so silent you can hear Freddy Sez and his frying pan.
Oh wait.
Fletcher said people told him there was no one left to support him after DeMaio got the far right, and Dumanis got the establishment:
Catching up on rss feed of tweets from on libraries, publishing, copyright, and digital.
Always so much useful information.
And Caps continue gutless play after the game by trying to act tough with 3 on 1 after the whistle.
Starting to hate their pathetic play
but since unfollowed me, I lost the code he gave me, no I never got to actually use the theme I won :
um.
If you're going to doctornk tweet, don't say you're about to doctorve home.
play with yr feet uruguay
Move over Star Wars and Star Trek.
You've had your time, and it has passed.
Now is the era of the MassEffect3 universe!
Master P Was Grilld Out Tho !
BNI in the morning followed by acupuncture, I will be in the Lake O area, anyone want to do lunch?
Good Monday morning!
How does 600 dollars worth of gas sound to start your week?
Stay tuned to the CBS 58 Morning News to win today's prize
Thankyou for being real.
A real person and a true friend.
Dont ever change cuz your freaking amazing.
Txt me if u evr need23
are u playin in nationals next month???
Get up, get out, and do something
1 time at church, there were a bunch of babies crying  i really think it was the devil trying to prevent us from hearing the word of God...
just discovered theres cucumber water in the kitchen at my job
can't sleep....
: you were my pick, I believe in ya I'm so sad no
Who are you?
Why are you replying to me?
I feel so relaxed right now...great day at the beach...
Proud of my wife.
first backpacking trip.
10 miles round trip and 3k feet elevation.
We have period 1 tomorrow  maybe ill play sick so i don't have to face them...
This girl saying she gives up on 1D cuz they dont tweet fans..
smh.
I get ur point but you're leaving them?
don't expect me to open up to you and tell you everything.
i don't do that with anyone, but because i know i can trust him.
Thx Charlie.
Shoot me a link when you get it off the ground.
Looking forward to reading it.
haha well after that midterm from hell I don't think that studying made a difference
Happy veterans day to the fallen and the brave who risked there lives for the USA!
Wii Review: Rhythm Heaven Fever via
RT : How do you decide what data is worthy both before collection and after having some results/data to review?
ah, i always forget to check their blog, thanks!
:
Learning how to make the sweetest little old fashioned Japanese fabric flowers.
Each little bloom has a poetic significance, and I love that
Boom!
Triple  Home Run so far for Tabata.
Half way home!
RT : Reading is a discount ticket to everywhere.
Elizabeth Hardwick
Damn Frat u Hosted 2nite like a Champ, Happy Founders Day
exactly: See Chris Weinke.
Struggled from Day 1.
not saying Weeden is Weinke, but he's example that 28 yr olds are rooks
isn't that the truth.
And contrary to male opinion.
Just because women are nice to you it doesn't mean they want to sleep w/ you
This week I'll be at tempted Tuesday's superstar Wednesday's wild thursdays juicy Fridays after dark Saturday's !!
Come say hi!!
Tonight Buck Wild Wednesdays happening right now!
Fire the offensive coordinator!
Bad decisions made today.
Horrific!
I made sweet potatoes.
:D
shut up , you love my smell ; let's go eaattt .
oh yeah , i'm going to jump out of the car right now.
Bye.
Fourth day up at cabin.
One ski injury, everyone else sore.
Lots of quality family time :
Very soon!
Early next week is the goal.
High doctorma as MBS Hit Lowest Prices of The Year
Friendship is a game where the rule is simple: Watch the other players back
ugh me too!
Snoozed like 4 times this morning
I have too many to count.
:
Happy Christmas and Merry New Years to you too, Todd.
Gym scene 3
Have a wonderful eclipse weekend, everybody 3
At 11, we will be having a bookbinding workshop at the childoctorn's area tent!
would u like some info on our food event in 2 weeks so Northeast Houston can know more about how good your food is?
i will and u like math lol jk i hate it and english
yea right.
TRAITOR.
Its been fun though.
Now all we do is talk shit about you in the chat room
Finally back on the twitter train...
is on Twin Cities Live today.
Watch at 3 pm on channel 5!
Good morning Seattle.
What a wonderful wknd we had!
We're working on a tweetaway this wk.
Stay tuned.
Come by for lunch today 1st  Stewart
Today was a very interesting day!!!
: She wants to have some quality time together with you, no phones, no distractions, no nothing, just you and her.
Don't think I can vend tonight...hahaha
HEY PDX!
Happy hour starts right now at the LR!!
Come relax out in the sunshine on our picnic tables!
i hate when nice lovely people turn into mean judgmental people
Excited.
After work, trying out for the 1st time.
I've heard good things!
don't overanalyze!
Thanks for the follow.
Thanks for the follow, Chris!
Oh my...praynforthepplinjapan/hawaii...o.m.g
well it has been a good day up until i heard about what people have been saying about sorry i mean debby ryan
Yoo ' want some REAL tweets.
this kid aint lying , FamilyLove.
follow my coussin.
:
RT SAN ANTONIO?
TWEET NOW IF YOUR STILL UP
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never met.
RT if you know what happens on June 5th.
No.
12 Illinois lost to IllinoisChicago!?!
Message to Illini big men on campus: regardless of opponent, got to bring it every day!
ur kidding right ?
It was freakin awesome
Desiree but it's pronounced Desiray
HappyBirthdaySRK Cake and Champagne party this Saturday!
Somebody play doctorw something with me : Breannacaitlyn
Looks like our bass player Andy is now on twitter!!
Say hello to
Happy worldwaterday!
Teach your kids w/ Why Should I SaveWater by Jen Green NeverTooEarly to learn!
Coming to an American League city near you.
RT
My stupid sister got me so tired !
She's so annoying !
:/
: You are never too old for a Disney movie.
exactly!
Oh yay!
Let me know, we should all hang out!
:
Has anyone seen Loiter Squad yet?
SMH...hit you from my politics account...
meant tweet it in the entertainment thread.
Dont understand why I try anymore I just get screwed and get my emotions played with.
So the other day I got called a black barbie..........that was pretty cool haha c:
theres a lot of things i will tolerate but i cant deal with people who always point out other peoples flaws..
your not perfect either!
Your assumptions are your windows on the world.
Scrub them off every once in awhile, or the light won't come in.
Alan Alda 
he can expect pro bowl play, but I highly doubt he is going to get it from Clifton
Hope you get better soon.
Hoping for the best.
he has no handle Gregg.
Achilles heel.
Do you ever think about me?
Nuking oatmeal like a champ.
Hey I heard u were a wild one....if I took u home it'd b a home run show me how u do......
Hello from a fellow EAV player!
:
You know its gonna be a good day when your favorite songs come on the radio.
Ugh i gotta write a damn speech
Start time here at Sessions Stadium....830pm!
hosts kennesaw st in our ASun Opener!
On my way to Market Square to see christmas lights!
SongOfTheDay ; Sexy and I know it  LMFAO   
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage Lao Tzu
Dang it school on Tuesday :/
at least I didn't tell a dead baby joke lmao
This Pacers/Heat aint no where near as aggressive as the Memphis game.
I had a professorssor who told us that realism wasn't as important as believability.
good way to live.
Oh, I just discovered 's MyActivities features  so cool!
Now I can keep track of everything I do :
ccwebinar Nick DiCristo founder of www.ClickCom.com speaking today on Mobile Applications and how to use them to grow your business.
Watching peoples reactions to what is written on my car is hilarious.
Breaking news: Tom Benson has renamed the Hornets the New Orleans Murder Rate cause next year will be a KILLER season!
Anybody?
No?
Okay.
I think we have like 17 different possible workflows for our digital publishing project.
My exec summary needed an exec summary.
you're a champ, buddy!
Hope your hands okay!
you two are just adorbs.
Happy Mother's Amy : U r truly a great mama!
I'm in the process of making a list.
I love me some cheap.
A XENOPHILE is someone who is attracted to that which is foreign.
: So the Spurs and OKC pulled out the brooms but the Lakers are going to game 7 but they're still the best team in the west?
Follow back :
Sad, but true.
Yet it works.
RT gotta still blame some of the modern day coaches for continuing this.
I'm looking at you Bo
When this game is over, it'll be more like AssUp WeMissYouFish RT : Game 2!
Seven pages down..
three more to go...
school starts in four hours
Memphis is cold, gray, rainy.
Like you need a coat!
Spent NYE at Hualalai...agreed wonderful!
RT the wine team enjoying sunset in Waikoloa Big Island this eve
Great info Robin!
Thanks for contributing!
Why, thank you!
; Hope your Friday is going well.
We're doing karaoke at the restaurant tonight if you like to sing, too.
Q: Who will sing Matt Sharp's falsetto backing parts during the Blue Album portions of the Blinkerton tour?
Hear, hear!
Can this be a sign to hang in all businesses?
RT Social Media Presence Needed, Stat!
NO really.
Its on and poppin, the Casey trial down here begins NOW!!!!
Thanks for the RT, Christy : Are you back in town yet?
Wait.
What exactly DID I just say?
I don't know ya see
Everytime I see a motorcycle I think of
in a way, i understand what you mean!3 But, he's new to all this attention and all these fans, so we gotta give him some
what's the song of the day?
I knew that bitch was A !
:
You're welcome!
I wish I had more actual advice.
Good luck and share pics when you do it!
my dog is great, she knows to poop in the shade!
shihtzu are so smart lol
I bet your around 15 or 16!
lol Notkidding 
good luck : 3
order me one!
Best picture ever.
gives a shout out and props to at !
Do what moves you/Move your way!
bacon does indeed equal happiness.
Well played.
I know!!
I hate the heat
actions speak louder than words!!
Morally grey areas
Guilty.
As.
Charged.
that's cool.
I'm old fashioned, too...
don't like humans touching mine.
And I never have problems either.
They were always yours.
Art walk downtown.
It's my first time and I'm already
Woke up flipped, facing the foot of my bed.
Today is going to be a weird day!
Would love to hear how that works out for you.
Art is featured prominently in our film and we are exploring outreach options.
Bacon, Eggs and Tillian Pearson.
.
on what we are and what we will be: to cover every election across the country...and the world....
my eyes hurt from crying :
Gettin my swell on at the gym oh yea
Because I was out of range for UC wifi, while in the UC next to press box, no signal.
So now all the texts come in!
GOT IT!
HAWKS LOST!
:/
: I get it done at Bouffant salon in the Pearl  Thanks for the shout out girl!
U are here to walk in obedience  there will be many times it's not popular!
Humans will always fail you but God will not!
Ashton Kutcher  The Steve Jobs Makeover
Goodnight everyone, may your tomorrow be the day after today.
Came home to flowers and a note on my doorstep
: this is quite an unfortunate turn in events
: and letting everyone know where to be tonight!
also !
it's a fiesta!!!
I just follow you!!!!
Can you????
same here!
planning on going again at some point glad enjoyed it, great films transcend core audiences
k i'll be back after 1030pm est weds night then.
trunks when are you free?
I'm feeling very jealous over your Voicelive 2.
GUYS.
guess what tomorrow is!?
:
Looking for a place to squat and/or steal from?
My apartment is the place!
My living room window screen broke, just come on in!
Andoctorw M.
I didn't know the white man was so nice
Does anyone know why austy was crying yesterday?
emme know when you head this way :
You mean Swagiana ;
Yo You!
Lovely weather 'eh?
Glad I brought my cowboy rain hat
Guess we'll be doing round 3 of the WP CSS Coding Standards in wordpressui in just a bit :
Someone out there is waiting for my help and I am the perfect fit for it.
Do you believe me?
trolling...they just want more followers.
hey everyone i just changed my name from to
I THINK YOU SHOULD FOLLOW YOUR PIANO!!!!!
:
is that in/near L.A.?
Is the traffic that bad out there?
A day off today..lol wish
Just got the dvd of my last fight from on April 15th.
Watching that makes me want to get back in the cage ASAP!
Fat girls need love too...just ain finna get it from me shrugs
Me and the BestFriends and have our college lives planned all out!
Who's teams kicker kicks and recovers the ball?
thanks for following!!
Have a great weekend!
Cool thing as u get older  your libido wanes, u can have a meaningful convo with a woman  not feel like u need to conquer her ladyparts..
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
i will when i go onto tht account
noo!
AJ you don't get it !!!
IM REALLY SCARED !!!!
And what ur talking about doen't even sound fun...
Just sounds weird...
Get urself a freak not a psyhco, babe.
QoTD: Luck is what you have left over after you give 100 percent.
i get on there when it comes out I getting jedward cd thier new one from amazon the seller from NC
Thanks so much for the retweets!
That's It For Now Tho', I'm Thristy .
Koolaid !
Ready for The Primal Scream from on Are you ready, Denver?
Cool!
I vote they put googly eyes on them to anthropomorphize them a bit.
On the indiana toll road ...
The question is sugar free rock star or alice cooper cd.
Same price
I think it's cool to be out of touch with whatever is cool today.
IReadBooksToo :D
Happy Pie Day, everyone!
We 3 you!
This is seriously getting out of hand...i never did anything to you.??
But you know, your bipolar...so...
is tweeting :'
My parents only had one argument in fortyfive years.
It lasted fortythree years.
you sure?
Clos LaChance Winery hosts many weddings.
Stunning winery
Creativity is piercing the mundane to find the marvelous.
In our webcontent writing, we work to make every subject
i wpn the bet against my bro!
jst proves tht Arinators stick together!!!:D
If I had a salon it would look like
Happy Birthday !
Wishing you the best...
Enjoy your day!
:D
is giving away 12 spots for the Seattle Sounders Ticket Holder Celebration.
If you are interested please call us at 2062817060
you never know bro!
It is possible to share friends ; cc
Go the the YT channel pudgethekitten it's adorable
Music video ideas?
Anyone..song?
it's really good except for the end.
The end is such a fail lol
leave school u should text me 8327667069
they got one for girls lol
Some cruise lines are methodically and systematically attempting to eliminate travel agents over time.
Radio, I hv a Free Idea!
Closed captainon: put words to the song  commercial streaming on the radio screen, not just title  artist.
21312
Great news, FINALLY!
Today, I'm wearing those pants where every time I sit down, the button pops off.
Put Clint Eastwood in a commercial and you will succeed.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska?
:D 19
Thanks for the kind feedback!
Any questions let me know!
named Barry Sharp Memorial Award winner as Top Freshman at 56th Annual Awards Evening.
Big hello to everyone joining FollowEDU today!
Is there an Interest list you'd like to see added?
Let us know using
So happy that I'm singing on the regular again.
This finally wrking out for the best.
Blessed!
:P I wonder what that lady thought about us yesterday.
Congrats on going social !
Got off the air at 10 FUN giving away Keha tix now to Farmer's Market and then tonite judging Battle of the Bands Hamlin Pub, I love 2day!
NEW attraction at the forthcoming Apple and Grape Festival in Stanthorpe
surf with alex because i cant sing hahha!
Saying The Black Keys too fast will make you sound racist.
My son stopped at step 2 and sat down
my babe has thee prettiest smile :
i stopped eating taco bell 3 days ago...
i'm literally going through withdoctorwal symptoms addicted 
Where they been at??
RT : Half of my TL OKC fans Oo
bra stop tweeting or get out my head U can def tell we the Same
Twiceabandoned triplets know Russian boy's pain Patience, help key for ...
The Tennessean
Made it home in time to check out and before I hit the pavement!
Lol
Discover tab just informd me that BBC has cancld BluePeter.
Maybe useful after all.
dayruined mourning cc;
Bestie comes home today : YaY!
:D
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
yup, that's me xD : Be upfront with what you want from an Aries and if they like you, you will get what you asked for.
no worries.
Just spreading the word of a product I believe in.
: enjoy your weekend wedding and your quick stop in AZ.
we got your back, beautiful ;
get it
Rewatching this week's MadMen, blown away by how handsome that Bernie fellow is.
Who is he??
Standup comedy battle finals tonight!
Winner gets a slot in the MKE Comedy Fest.
8pm  ComedySportz 5
follow me first
Dinner last night was quesadillas with Frontera salsa and Tischler's tequila lime chicken.
Delic!
Sadly, no leftovers.
That's right, you have like 12 sisters.
I can only imagine all the American girlness.
Great, thanks for the advice.
RT : It's funny how people have strong opinions on things they know nothing about.
The ladies love crashed ice racers who knew
Suggestion  Fourth, Share a humorous story without attaching a point.
This works great because your humility will attract the audience.
George Zimmerman is exactly the type of person I would cross the street to avoid.
HE'S the sketchy looking asshole.
Thank you for the link to that Mick Boogie Beasties mix.
I needed that today.
What's the time?
It's
thats some crazy shit right there
Some things like petroleum jelly or security envelopes are pretty much the same regardless of the brand.
Thank you best buy for messing up your pricing  honoring the sticker and not the squ.
I just got a 200 dollar bluray burner for 100 bucks
Is it stealing if it's already stolen?
Digging In Time more than i thought.
I'm sure they have someone in mind, but you don't replace Suggs.
You can fill his spot, but he's a stud.
And a Steeler killer.
The baguette has come to be something of a symbol for France!
Try one  Firehook Bakery w/butter  jam  a nice glass of vin rouge.

just for you!
a lecture by the Scott Schuman: Street Elite: The Sartorialist's World of Style via
: Burton: brief is Solve a problem.
Brilliantly.
Publish2011
when did we get married???
confusion lmbo
im supposed to be wearing them.
Doesn't Robby Thompson have a son or something?
Watching LAcomplex.
It's like another melroseplace but for people that want to be famous.
So...
I wanna be a bartender
I feel like talking on the phone right now.
Bicyclist being followed by police on shoulder of 95S by Columbus Ave
My Nig don't try it!
Thanks, Darcia!
Happy Writer Wednesday.
How r u MAMA!!?
Im looking 4 u?
Only one more day until the 2nd ever SBC Challenge begins!
We are thrilled to announce all of the contest prizes
Please return my stapler
: my mom wanted me to cook lolThat would be better than a restaurant...cause you are a master chef!
Thanks for the follow!
:
it has moscoso and alex white as starters...
And they aren't even in the majors right now
Whaaaa?
Where is this magical grocery store?
Playing guitar can always make my day, every note, every chord, every fret, ahh I love music
merry Christmas everyone!
Few guys came to the office today  gave us free samples of 5 hr energy.
Gave them samples of Closing Time.
They liked my sample better.
What's up with KickStarter that it's so dang US centric?
Hurray!
Thanks so much!
Registered Process Server serving the entire Sacramento, CA community.
9165090677 Bank Levy, Small Claims, Divorce, Summons  more..
lol maybe even the water slide at great wolfe lodge!
the one that annoyed guy pushed us down!
This is so offensive.
MT overheard a mom tell her young daughter at SRLC,  Medicaid is for losers.
I need to stop lowering my standards : I feel horrible right now.
I wanna be with him but I cant do this to me.
I need Jesus :
xD his glasses flew off hahahaqhaahahahahah that was so funny
U Voted,WE WON!
Panel Brand Recognition v Killer Content  IWNY 5/17
I like cookies.
Wow MWP amazing defense.
lmao ikr!
i shoulda said it louder lmao and when people kept coughing and ur like BLESS YOU
My daughter ask everyday are we goin to ...
Like twice a week aint enough
Celtics on fire!
If it wasn't...
I bet he's wearing a cape
Freedom has a huge price tag and many have made the payment so we could join the millions that are free
I wish losing weight was easy.
I love food to much....
People who work at airports really such at customer service...
In Hudson, OH for Thanksgiving.
Why does it look so much like Connecticut?
It was once part of New England's western reserve!
So cool!
Another boffo show in the bank!
Thanks to , , Fresh Hearts and all our comedy pals who helped out!
See you June 17th!
study the really good music.
problem solved.
Angry.
It's time for a beer and a nap.
Keep on getting your paper, keep on climbimg, look in the mirror and keep on shinning
you guys doing the Juggernaut Index this season?
Honor your mother despite her faults, she had courage enough to bring your ugly ass into this world.
just got going w/
RT : When you attempt to say everything, you end up saying nothing.
He got a soft 6 and I got a hard 9..
There is a car alarm going off a block away.
Reminiscent of my years in Manhattan.
well i gotta go bye to all : gonna be watching BTR in itunes so bye bye
Loved speaking  visiting w Fountain Hills Rotary today.
I also adopted a winning duck for the May Duck Race benefiting kids.
Thanks Rotary.
Can't wait for tommorow
is there a way to recover a database from a server that was cancelled on 12/22?
I did it.
I caved in and turned on the A/C.
If the fresh air in Baltimore was actually fresh, I might have waited it out.
But no.
RT :  Tonight: are tonight, 7:30p!
Opening artist: Arctic Monkeys.
E can't wait!
upandcoming band, Sherry Turkle and the Digital Dualists, confirmed for the TtW13 afterparty
Sometimes you end up losing yourself trying to hold on to someone who doesn't care about losing you.
thanks for the great feedback!
wow just saw rock the stage on ellen 3
we are going to miami next week bc biaaaaaaaatch get ready
you are
Music saved our lives
Um, without sounding like a creeper, that you're attractive!
I'm pretty sure the fag comment was just a gay guy in disguise.
If I missed any points from the show today where can I get the notes?
Hi Ivana, great list of 7 technologies, thx...will share w/my peops.
I am from Berea, OH...pretty close to Medina.
During my Senior Year I have grown up alot.
i do!
I've got a throbbing headache that just won't quit.
Right now it's earning time and a half!
whats the website called agian to buy tickets?:
The success combination in business is: Do what you do better...
and: do more of what you do...
David Joseph Schwartz
The TARDIS interior doors in those two Dalek films used to look so strange; now, after six years of NuWho, they seem normal!
And I'm asking you to be my everything
Yes, Homeland Security oversees both ICE and Secret Service.
DHS has its hands full.
considering the actions of Eve.
Who do you have as your top 5 jezebel's in the history of the
Looks interesting.
Utilizing stocktouch?
In any case, curious to play with it.
I can haz new trading ideas.
One hour left of the telethon.
Any amount would be greatly appreciated.
OMG THEY WROTE A BOOK ABOUT ME
are USA ministers and churches building thier own kingdom or the KingdomofGod ?
thanks for the follow when twitter decides I'm worthy of following more people I will follow you!
Haha I suppose.
Lol too bad, I don't smoke lol.
Happy 16th BDay to my Tall Ass Lil Brother Joel aka !!!
Love you bro and ENJOY yo Day !
Thanks for the RT!
Have a terrific evening!
:
Jimmy Cliff feeling the Sunset Sessions LOVE
I use RSS for every site I read.
I've found that if a site doesn't offer a full text feed, I end up not reading their posts.
Goodnight  School Tomorow .
blah
tried DM'ing but it said use doesn't exist...
que pasa?
Well said!
Romney not doing as well in VTprimary as I anticipated.
Gingrich dominates GAprimary as expected.
LOL!
I know it's hard to come up with good, unique, original questions!
:
its in the main settings for when you first get twitter x
SEO techniques are important for any business owner, especially with a Google Places page.
Poor Baby Avery died today..The Angels in Heaven took her to a place where she can watch us all..
Here we are just trying to clear our throats and stretch our legs a bit, and all this commotion?
Thanks for the interest ;
Proud to be the Small Business Leader of the Year for the Arlington Council of the Jacksonville Chamber!
You're welcome so what's up?
yea your fired!
: no worries.
Hopefully we will get someone else out again soon.
Sincere apologies!
All of our doctornk specials start at 9pm.
DM me your email addoctorss  name and we'll get you a free slice.
Let's talk to
i love the 11th doctor but cant wait for the new series
it's a sad day R.I.P.
MCA The Beastie Boys were the soundtrack to my high school years.Spring Break memories w/the Beastie Boys forever!
Well, All games are CGI Phil.
That's the point.
I think what you mean is this is 100 composed and non interactive?
Most people very positive and optimistic about the project.
Biggest concerns are about detours, construction timeline.
For those Rockies fans who follow me on Twitter, I apologize.
I had major issue with my Tweetdeck tonight.
Not sure what's going on.
: so the question is, when does season 2 of Wilfred start?
because ive been having withdoctorwals.
lol
thanks for being you!
This popular science is your brand new carcinogen.
If your only goal is to become rich, you will never achieve it.
John D.
Rockefeller
IT'S ON AGAAAINMMOMB
Enter Coupon Code: FRIDAY for FREE Delivery tonight only!
amazing job
hi, just come back to twitter.
it has been a long time.!
..i been busy developing website
WTF?
RT : Oregon had its backups on the defensive line and secondteam safeties in for the start of that doctorve.
Woah!
RT Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez spotted in Balboa Park yesterday.
Probably cause they are so fucking sensitive.
Hell, I RT'd the shit out of them, and made them look like fucking clowns.
LMFAO Raiders.
I WILL live in California one day.
Thanks for the interest if you are really interested to learn more about acting, send your email to us.
cheers
I got u when I get by some
I need more followers
After 6 years with the team, kicker, Ryan Longwell has been released by the Minnesota
Skittle in Canada r called skittles.
only cause I love you:
Caught NBC's Fashion Star in the corner of my eye and thought I had epilepsy.
At least it wasn't as bad as Speed Racer.
True or False?
If an essential oil causes redness, pain or burning on the skin, this is a healing crisis.
Ugh, people.
the perfect song came on Provider by NERD
RT : Sometimes, political journalism seems to just be keeping itself busy between actual news events.
Lets see if Americans grieve for Walter Cronkite like they have for MJ
Does Love Like Woe always remind you of Joey on Blossom too???
just watched the first episode.
Fantastic.
Are they all an hour and a half??
3 bottles of bleach: 15 1 rope, 3 rolls of duct tape  a shovel: 35 3 boxes of trash bags:10 The look on the cashier's face Priceless!
Thought that was it, but getaway days here are typically 1 PM RT : MLB Travel rules.
where are you planning your next road trip?
LOL.
SLIM SHADY UP IN THIS
same awhh, why can't PCA exist?
:
I see!
That's the effort I like to see!
Headed to Minneapolis today.
After the hell I just went through at LAX, I'm ready for a day of relaxation, and maybe a little ping pong
Confession : Every time I read that Mike Daisy is a monologist, I read it moonologist like the one Jenna played on 30 Rock.
Hope my mommy lets me go to my babys game at 10:00pm 
they are awesome..did you catch one of their shows?
We look forward to Lesley, Sinead, and Johanna joining the and AnacostiaDC family!
Suddenly Rush thinks extending unemployment benefits is good for Republicans.
love Issa.
True True
Third breakout group discussed the process of empowering, gathering, keeping, coding, and disseminating stories.
The current VP's job description is to sit, biden' his time until he's needed.
Thank you, I'll be here all week.
I love Danger Prone Daphne a.k.a
: Wassup!!!!!?
nothing much how are you
i met a guy today named mister.
real first name.
Wonderful song!
Your voices lovely and REAL!
hope you're having a beautiful time abroad!
Happy Friday PDX!
Where are we going tonight?
homie idk where can we go give options my nigga
Hickies let them know that your with me 
Why can't I fix anything......
If you haven't tried yet, join me at the Mission Valley Library tomorrow between 12pm2pm for a test doctorve
If I win MegaMillions, Good Eats is back on!
Did I mention the movie deal too?
We split action figure sales.
Loving fall  the fresh local foods that are in season.
Delicata squash for dinner tonight w/ sauteed local rainbow chard.
That sounds good!
We love avails on a Monday!
Weiner's Breitbart voodoo doll worked
Listening to Jazz music is like an education to me.
i find myself doing some research afte listening to a classic track that make we swing.
good for you.where in TX are u moving.
wish you could too!
But that's like 6?
7 hour doctorve?
DC is fabulous though.
You should spend more time here.
I think John Stofflet looks like Wren McCormick from Footloose with his new cut...
Why isn't there hardly any people there?
excited that at least one female television presenter is involved in the first ever Egyptian debate.
egypt theydonthateus?

He's unassuming off the field, but on the gridiron U simply won't find a more talented allpurpose RB.
I will punch you in your face.
3
B/C if youre like Mitt and obscenely wealthy, you have to support society you live in, which allowed you to be obscenely wealthy
Smile, Milwaukee!
it's
I feel like I just got socked in the gut.
Day 1: Watching a Japanese pitcher with a 100 million contract.
Day 2: Reading how the West commodifies Eastern visions of itself
Two lineup changes.
Josh Howard will start for the Jazz and Boris Diaw will start for the Spurs.
Post by coming up on...
Listening to Skyscraper 3
my lock button on my phone issnt workingD:
Good question, I'm also curious.

dontever forget where yu come from :
Oscar's nachos on tonight at Lottie's!!
loving your music.
Wishing you the very best in 2012.
Xoxo a huge fan.
The fedora probably really pulls the whole outfit together.
: Wake up call America!
is a badass!!!!
She was AWESOME!!
A mini Miranda!!
I'll buy one!
I have a tendency to piss people off and not even notice.
But, it's cool, my tendency to not GAF evens things out.
had a really goo night.
FollowMonday !
Follow her bitches!
Nun much working..
how you been?
I love when people tweet indirectly about you;
There's a lot of thatcamp SE people already registered for THATCamp CHNM.
Are you coming along?
ur so angry that the bulls are out aren't ya?
Lol
lol, she is a sexy man!
perils of enterprise IT  will update
Vincent is so cute :
you guys sounded amazing!!
So beautiful!!!
I need to become rich ASAP!!!
So bored
congrats to on a tremendous launch party yesterday...
fantastic group...
cc:
God bless America for Black Friday.
It's Like early Christmas BD XD :D
Ugh.
Money is such a pain in the neck.
vomits
follow back please
I went to ISTE last year, chose ALA this year.
Wish they didn't always conflict :
You dont need someone to complete you, you only need someone to accept you completely.
We are kindoctord spirits Ms.
Thompson.
democrats are losers
Midlakes Basketball: Morning workouts start tomorrow...time to get after it.
I would love to chat IRL this week.
Let's plan on it!
Thanks for the follows
hello!
anyone lurking?
lol
I was sad to hear about the pedestrian who was killed this morning.
damn straight
HappyBirthday to Company Member Mark Alhadeff!
should be reported, but after fire, Libya and Japan.
Maybe umbrella tease but story later.
It's not new news by this evening.
I don't know, sounds like winning to me.
Everyone needs that day sometimes.
add immortal..brewcityluv
Eat somethin' ya silly goose!;
that's funny, I was watching tonight at the same time and had the same reaction.
This bitch complaining about working too much.
I work 55 hours this week.
Exactly.
sit down.
KILL YOSELF CHICK
gonna get a new tatt..big piece on my back...to me.tattoo to me is like sex.feels good and relieves stress.one year without my grandpa today
Ah don't tell Balk!
I understand but they were just being too blunt.
She's an amazing artist but she's not friendly to perhaps your average joe.
Haha, yes I remember.
My time for doing that kinda shit was Junior High, since I was taken throughout most of HS ;
yeah i get you...
hey im a choreographer for my class im so happy im trying to teach then to dance
it's like the north pole..
With a liquor store!
Ha
At my grams house !
lol good one!
Freedom isn't free, but at a garage sale full of George Michael cassingles it's probably close.
Cause in the end they gon judge me so whatever
says not enough coffee in the world is going to keep me awake today!
Basketball tourney starts tomorrow!!
Lets go team.
Standing Ovation
I just learned what the term Invigilator means  that I will be one from time to time over the next few weeks  I've been one in the past!
: Thank you to everyone who showed up to create this plan.
What we have here is something that every new councilmember will...
All Nominees, simply check apron entrance to the 2012 HBCU Awards  Cover charge is waved for all nominees.
Show Starts at 7.
Volleyball was a blast last night but man am I sore.
The gym will be fun today  ouch
Gratitude  Grace, thanks for following!
Ordered on 4/23.
Supposed to receive them 4/30, still no shoes.
Spent 25min on hold before it auto hungup, emailed/no response.
Help!
Be careful, don't want ur nose breaking from all that lying RT It's all from hard work  dedication to social media
we love Epcot.
Parents just went to WDW and they were not impressed with Animal Kingdom.
Packers offense was absolutely terrible, thanks to terrible play calling.
: Quote of da day  u ain't gotta worry about winning da race.
If u ain't in it 
My cuzin is a bitch sometimes!
YES CRAZY MANAGING FOR THE WIN
when do u hey out of school?
Taken cared of :
tomorrow starts the ERNIE BALL BOTB...be sure to create a professorle and vote for us everyday !!!
; thanks for coming over ;
Im surprised we duked it out this long .
Your bipolar ass just being friends w.
You is challenging lmao.
You Aries are crazy
Lol.
Thank you.
yeah i love that.
thanks for the retweet!
Librarians R O C K I thought U knew!
Okay, I guess it's time for allergy meds before I claw my own eyes out.
Think I might have a cavity :
Houston is awesome, but maybe you should plan a getaway to San Antonio!
Equality now
Goodmorning Twitter teamfollowback mention me for a follow back
I'm seeing them play on Saturday at the td bank north garden.
Fucking pumped
And your one of the strongest people I know of.
Gave my coastie boyfriend an assortment of cheeses for Valentine's Day  still don't understand his look of disgust
Almost 90 and sunny out in Boston today.
Shorts and sandals kinda day.
So pleased that 2 books were named as 2011 Outstanding Academic Titles from Choice Magazine!
May ALL have a happy weekend!
:
Feel like I need a backwood just 2 listen 2 this Redman Muddy Waters....
From my friend CarolineWaters When I sing from my heart, magic happens.
When I sing with an agenda, I loose my footing
I know and e knows u love him
I feel bad for that Broncos fan that got the Tim Tebow as a Centaur tattoo last year.
Ok...
no I don't.
Lots of calls of Are you all open today?
..yea your right
Just left USF.........I think im in love :3
Ha, hardly!
I just remembered you handing out something during orientation about sexual consent.
A stress ball or a mouse pad?
Very nice!!!
Great teaser for the book :
WHOA LOOK WHO IT IS!
I'm good and you little sis??
Liar, liar...
Pants on fire.
Waffle Stomper 90'sAreAllThat
Try to contain your jealousy but and I are hanging tonight.
Deep breaths, deep breaths.
you got this!
good luck!
Alpha Dog is showing great on this hot day in Chicago!
u hid them!
Quad for 105 points.
Musical thanks for following to and
How do your tweets post on FB at same time you post on Twitter?
we are from Tosa.
Trying to figure out a state st.
Route
LOLSZ BUT HE WANTED TO TAKE ME TO THE MOVIES TO NIGHT BUT I WAS LYK NO
20Jan1777 to Lt Col R.H.
Harrison:I beg of you to consultsuch measures as shall appear most effectual to stop the progress of the Small pox
My house is dark af..
I'm up just tweeting like a G.
You want the truth?
You can't handle the truth!
After 5 years since There Will Be Blood, have announced Paul Thomas Anderson's next film The Master arrives on Oct.
12th!
Do all u can, with all that u have, in the time that u have, in the place where u r.Nkosi Johnson
a little late, but congrats on the new job!
sounds awesome!
Thanks for denying me!
It's National Husband Appreciation Day.
Shhhh...
don' t tell my husband!
;o
My Pain My Purpose My Destiny Women's Conference begins Thursday!!
Let's get real about REAL women issues...
at 1401 Decatur
Trying to get to follow you is like a second job lol
I was gonna say the Packers are lucky to only be down by 3 at the half, and they're still lucky to be down by 10.
oh MY...
That is amazing, my favorite restaurant.
How are you?
: WOW!So much hate it's sad.KK, u work 2 hard 2 explain yourself 2 some1 who doesn't no u  had time 2 judge u!
K GOT IT PEACE
To eat at my house this thanksgiving you need to either bring a dish...or a gram of some fire weeds...preferably the weeds child...
Like most things fashion related, it all depends on execution
I had a doctoram last night that I was hanging out with and chatting with what?!
What's Suzie's twitter?
I'm about to spam the mess out of her mentions.
I hate her so much.
u gunna get on?
Living Lei Chic: HiFi Coop  Do you want to be a fashion designer, but don 't know where to start?
Or maybe you just don
I'm working in my dads office right now and I wanna pull my hair out.
Fired up for birthday dinner tonight at Hungry Mother!
PR pet peeve: When my HARO request says, I'm not looking for info on spa pampering days, don't send me info on spa pampering days.
Watch tomorrow to see at the Market District grand opening in Pine!
Wonder what the cake will look like?
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor.
Henry David Thoreau
In desperate need of beer.......
I hope so!
JK!
RT: Russ: Mother's Day  85 Degrees.
Is there a better gift than that?
It's easier to believe the lies we are told than to stomach the truth.
By the way, you're so pretty.
Steelers vs.
Cardinals rematch tonight at 8 EST on ESPN.
Go cardinals!
I'm home, too, Ernie.
Had expected to go but got sick :
Your seat sucks.
hear dem buh central doh thief song..
Charity Partner spotlight: Socially Conscious Coffee running to bring education to 12,000 kids in Brazil
..wow!
that was kinda creepy haha..
when u find a person that is too much like u..
Beaver cops
Hoping Courtney Roby is okay.
That is so scary...
perspective it is just a game
Thank goodness for our GSA!
MT Every dept.
needs a forum to deal w/ grad students' concerns about Ph.D.
programs chroni.cl/u9edhW
Hi Linda.
Thanks for the retreat!
still standing in hot springs bc of your terrible customer service.
No thanks...
: Whats this for ?!
RT : um .i fucked up my fault
I'm learning about citation order in LCSH and finding it very interesting.
Perhaps I am meant to be a cataloger?
I hope?
sorry girl i've gotta buckle down and get all this studying done!
i'll be on later tonight :
If Ninja and Hitler kissed, their mustaches would never touch...
The is so welldesigned and serene.
So much to see if you really look.
just beat sara schmit in a dance off...............
Hell yes
your tweet about puking
Never blame God for the actions of people.
haha okay make sure she doesnt fall asleep lol
good good!
writing lots : work soon x
lmfaoooooo omg ill bring one to haha thts gotta be the most embarassing food to eat
Check out WWW.GENXVAPOR.COM for great deals on Electronic Cigarettes, and accessories, and stay tuned for the launch of our eliquid line!
crewlove even distance can't seperate them!
awheniwasyoung i use to come home from school with a glass of cold milk and cookies on the tabel
What are the Barriers to integrating Tech?
space, funding, attitudes, a School's use of the library for other activities
Beloit Snappers!
RT Miguel Sano hits goahead 2run HR in 9th, benches briefly empty as he crosses plate 4 apparently pimping it
Go get your dog set up at with a grooming.
Trina is excellent and she has Sinatra looking as handsome as his namesake!
good idea !
quit your job and come next year!
packing for the Oregon trail
What isn't Is the question.
Hit up the Northside and work you way down
Happy International Women's Day!
Celebrating by having some me time!
Time to eat!
If you long to see God, take to spiritual practices.
What is the good of merely crying, O God!
O God!?
Ramakrishna
Seemed like it was about 15 minutes ago!
So far 2nite skullcap tincture, ice pack on eyes, warm bath w/salts and lavender oil,  scalp massage w/peppermint shamp seems 2 be helping.
End it and find your happiness.
Fill the voids.
Don't stay in it because ur afraid u wont find another...chances are that you won't!
no don't cliclk on the file, its spam!!
My son's disappointment I'm not responding to his lemonade request?
Not lessened by my explaining I can't because he dumped it all!
Our local bank only keeps 6 months worth.
5.25 floppies must be more secure.
we'll be in sec 33 at may 27th game vs royals.
you know my pops?
he is in comm relations for o's is getting me, girl and kids tix
Love to see you wearing the Blue and White of Kentucky
This fast life soon shatters; cause after all the lights and screams; nothing but my doctorams matter
Veterans Job Fair Tues., Dec.
13th from 91pm  West Orange Armory on Pleasant Valley Way.Target, Prudential, NJTransit, etc.
will be there!
We are open Christmas Day from 10am11pm so join us for lunch or dinner!
Everyone regardless of income deserves high quality affordable care.
.Gonna prepare my doctornk mah boyy :p
Her mother, brother, grand mother hate me in that order I love that song
Hey, thanks for reaching out!
Alma Trinidad's FRINQ class is coming up with an event for February but no details yet!
RT Stuck watching this game with a bunch of Flyers fans at BuffaloWildWings ..Another reason why Anthony won't play soccer
going to send you everything tomorrow ...
grants, grants, grants  boxes, boxes, boxes
Thanks for following!
hahaha : It's just allergies, what people who have a cold say right before they give you their cold.
FOLLOWMEKIANLAWLEY ...
Never Happens
Bravo!
Encore!
RT : 5 years at Sunlight full time, today
I want to go to Washington DC so bad.
SAVE UP TO 10 BY STAYING WITH US.
uff been busy, but twitter i'm back OH YEAH!
; haha!
LOVE YOU GUYS!
SCORE!
Just realized my new WP7 has a front facing camera/ video!
Love this phone.
Well done HTC  the Radar is fantastic.
Hola Padoctor!
This museum is AMAZING!
You need to come see it!
Sophie
All i can think of re: Shea McClellin right now is BLUE TURF!
February 1948......NBC TV begins it's first nightly newscast...
cause they do 95 of the time lmao
Me and my teacher just had a moment.
One of the words meant sexually and my teacher was like to punish.
To punish sexually?!Yes.
stupid, crazy love was freaking amazing.
i laughed me ass off watching that xD
Why the fuck would you put one of those bullethole stickers on your car?
I think it warmed up a bit.
open mic nt at the wedge and thurs at brooks.
Blind doctorves playing fri at the wedge and hoodathunk sat  brooks.
any idea when Youth Lagoon is going on tomorrow?
Nice Dude!
Thanks!
I enjoyed it!
El sexo Oral No Provoca Caries!:P
Goodluck!!!
RT Core core core good luck to me!!
try two of those :D
That's what we said!
RT : RT : The gifts section w/ products on is ingenious cmgrchatO!
Ignore calls, Sallie Mae tryna find me!
traveling to different CoderDojos would be great, but you'd probably spend all your time managing them,  not have enough fun.
Be advised, said activists are on the move and they have cow bells and tambourines...
hey you, I love youu ;
Humor is the ability to see one reality from the perspective of another  Ram Dass
Join to discuss Innovations in Recruitment today at 1:30, National Harbor 23
Parents really annoy the crap outa me sometimes .
ha.ha.
he is ready!
He can make tiger and wildcat sounds!
too bad jayhawks are madeup birds..
they don't have a sound!
happy bday I hope u have the best b day ever :P
music is the great communicator
RT : Indepth article in the guardian RT Could 3D printing end our throwaway culture?
gu.com/p/33da8/tw via
solid buy
looking forward to having you guys!
Woohoo go Cal!
I've grown to understand and embrace my moments of indecisiveness.
I tell people I'm being very Pisces right now.
You're probably right but I'd love to see it.
Madden was the 1st mgr back in '09 to implement the shift.
...
doctorves me nuts
that sucks.
okay.
idk.
I guess I'll just have to find something to do haha
love the new website!!!
makes me smile when I'm there :
Wish I Had Someone To Help Me Sell These Hawk Cards :
Lesson 2 from  Understand and articulate your real priorities.
Viso is doing good for once
justin video was perfection 3
Are newspapers really dead??
Humans will never be able to replace the feeling of handheld printtext.
Ugh why am I coughing?
Not fun!
Avengers was too dope
yes she is, forever!
I can already tell that she knows we rescued her and how much she appreciates it.
How beautiful 3
u need a partner in Germany?
Best feeling in the world?
Finally fitting back into your in shape jeans ; HOLLA.
Cool, well let me know if you're interested
So...
Once Upon a Time is the corniest thing I've seen in quite a while.
Ick.
LOL what.
omg.
The official 'Wendy's' Verified account tweeted me.
I can't even fathom my feelings right now.
You have to think anyway, so why not think big?
Pain is weakness leaving the body.
How am I going to live today in order to create the tomorrow I'm committed to?
Anthony Robbin
snOMG no prob ...
but embarrassingly had to google
Yay!!
Can't wait to see pics!
; : Going 2an event tonight!
Getting my hair done by Kelsey then face beaten down.
yeah no problem, hope you like it!
Looking for a new acting agency....these people are slackin'
SO 12 HOURS AGO RT O ok.
I got HOE for u
lol Yeah we only have a 140 character limit on twitter.
We can go on for days.
I am surprised to read you eat beef, chicken  turkey when regaining gut balance, tho it's about knowing your body.
ROSY YOU HORRIBLE CO OWNER :p haha we all suck
I want to meet crazy wild women who love cocaine  then will get nude on command and service my junk
Standing ovation from about 100 people in airport as WWII honor flight arrives in Baltimore.
Vets clearly moved by it.
cruising down 880.
doctorading today.
Good morning!!!!
Gonna have a smile on my face tonight when will have clinched their playoff birth after we beat the Cavs
Our starting menu is pretty much set, with local vendors, local causes, and local heart ready to hit Downtown Denver.
Waiting on you now...
Day off from work, up like I got something to do.
You got it!!
Aprx 118 Acres, 15,000 trees, with millions of gallons of water, avocados, pomegranate, figs, guavas, mulberries.
San Diego County
Performing at Trees in Dallas 4/27 Mickey Avalon
it's worth a view.
the wonders of the interweb.
love ur songs Swag it Out  Something to Dance For, wish I could dance like u.
Wow if you are not here at CREAM you truly missed out: VJ Sterling, KDP, Scottsdale Nights, and AZ PartyLife Productions all under on roof..
Some things take more than one day to complete: On day 2 of my Ministry reconnect.
More than 300 rainbowcovered queer folks marched silently through downtown Oshawa April 18 to protest a homophobic rant in a local paper
LMAO that was so classic, though!
After improperly excavating the remains of more than 100 people who were buried at the first cemetery in El Pueblo de Los Angeles, next...
so tired after softball practice:/
Ran 5.5 miles this morning on the horse trails with 2 great friends.
for some reason the idea of doctornking is fun, but the actual doctornking never lives up to the hype.
Today is my someday will follow me?
neversaynever right?
5
i'm a historian too.
the mark of a great historian is original interpretation  not something we teach in our schools.
I seem only able to take vacations to the north.
They just started the show, you still got time to get here, Get Here, Haan...
My therapist tried giving me tips on hot NOT to pass judgment...
Shit don't work!
seriously getittogether iswear dumb bitch 
Haha greatest show
The people you love the most always disappoint you the most.
They become the people that you hate the most.
Jesus is NOT a Facebook status.
He's not looking 4 a casual like.
His presence demands our complete and wholehearted love  devotion.
Heading to my screening of Death Comes down at USC!
It's going to be great!
Hope to see you there!
Rollin to Bristol from OHIO...is there an underground tunnel/walkway to get to the pits??
Breaking up with your Chinese girlfriend because there's sum ting wong.
lolol.
Muffuletta, Tin Roof, Jackson Square, slight breeze and brass in the distance.
That's such a lovely, thick Long Island accent you have ma'am and the lip smacking with gum, delightful.
LAST DAY!
Peanut Butter Island Burger: chuck patty, lettuce, creamy PB, pickled cucumber  mango, cheddar  spam!
Not sore at all.
Have you seen these traps?
Hey hey how was last nite.
Still gotta me ur boo!
Attended premiere of The Road Back Home at Harkins 101.
Will debut on Channel 12 in Arizona May 31 at 7pm.
I was a standin in the doc.
That blackberry joke on the last podcast was absolutely hilarious
Hey San Diego...
Set your TiVo for Channel 6 on Thursday.
Want to know how lasers can help you?
Check out SD Living at 9AM!
YESSomething worth watching!
John Stewart to host famed primatologist doctor Jane Goodall!
Classy choice, guys!
ED,EDD,and EDDY!!
I love wine as much as the next person but Oh MY Goodness hot yoga makes me feel SO good, focused, beautiful, strong and brave..
I'd rather be a failure at something I enjoy than a success at something I hate.
George Burns
Okay sounds good.
Wow....
God your amazing!!!!
I NEVER DO THIS!!!!!!
But F everyone else do what makes you happy!
People are just haters i love ya Lin!
Lots of people do!
Jerry u r amazing!
Thank you for the resources!
that was quick...
RT : Democrat Bob Kerrey's first television ads will run today.
It's a substantial buy.
Probably far less successful than King James's efforts to execute witches...
LOL..ITS OKAY
i've been doing for 8 months, but it was never more enjoyable than doing it this morning in miami.
that's the BART station I always go to!
OMG
Lol idk maybe after I finish law school.
We probably won't be friends that long though.
Doug Glanville and Mark Mulder think the White Sox will be decent this year.
That's cute.
The weekend went super fast, at least I got to have a little fun.
fitting quote for tax week.
Great D12 mtg  AFCH last week, more tours will come of it!
I love you.
Here's to maximum income for you, with minimum clean up fees.
I haven't talked to in days I'm not used to this..
lol
I LOVE YOU SFM!!!
YOU ARE A FLAW FREE LEGEND!!!
Doesn't look like American is doing the free holiday inflight Internet.
And I'm OK with that.
Sleep might be a good alternative.
Happy Birthday !!!
Good luck at your portfolio review!!!
Thanks for the follow, mister Mayor!
Special Olympics Oregon appreciates your support.
Anytime!
Happy to share info about your great programs.
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash EB Beltline between Rimisterck and John Nolen.
Use caution in that area.
both but more street lately
noo hahah i was just maybe going to go to workout!
I wish Zusi would bring the beard back
aww!
Can't wait to see it!
Alright....we want to know what you guys think...Giants or Patriots?
We're looking for success stories from any of our networking events.
Have one?
Tell us about it and you could be featured on our website!
On my best days, I never homo as hard as , , and hetero.
Your doctorss.
Oh Yes!
Sent over a DM, sorry to hear about your issues.
We will work hard to remedy the situation.
Chama Tap Room now.
Was at I'll Vic Canteen.
I thought this account was NFL32 not MLB32
Manning should have retired gracefully, given his physical issues.
Not like Joe Montana or Bret Favre, please!
Excitement ahead?
Yeah, but those minorities have been brainwashed, don't you know?
Haha!
tracking DH, rise of adjuncts, open access, ebooks, higher ed bubble, augmented reality, economic stresses,  more
wah!
I'm a night owl if that helps at all!
Or i'll wake up super duper early.
It's just I also have one last gift to give you!
Henny wit the brew on the side RT The real highlight of this game: Hennessey and Coke

what is your fav track so far?
wasn't mine either till I saw a nascar race live.
Live its the most exciting sport to watch imo...
You bring up a great point.
Wasn't she considered for a TV show awhile back?
Now that Halloween has reached maximum tartiness, the trampification of St.
Patrick's Day appears to be underway.
I think its time to nap
I did, Brenden.
Thanks!
1st day on the new job with One down, lots to look forward to!
Agnes Gund pays tribute to for her early art classes.
Thank you Karen, it was great to meet you and the IJM team the other day.
Grace and peace.
I doctoram because there is no other way I could see it happen
SORRY THATT WAS MY FRIEND!
I'm not even 20 yet and that makes me feel old.
yeah I have If U Still Love Me..
the music is played randomly though so I can't play it for you.
I don't control it.
The term Cop comes from Constable on Patrol, which is a term used in England
wow ok Maddy
Twisted VIXter...rally or 15 decline in SP?
I hate Starbucks
Hey Carrie, they are audio recording it and it will be available in the registrars office...live streaming starting next year!
A painting is like a novel in demanding and deserving an extended, noninstantaneous reading.
David Lubin, art historian
I hate how people fall for celebs  other terms like that and when they end up dating or liking someone everyones heart gets broken and
I'm your dumb friend
LOL when my account starts flowing again I'll buy a membership
would love a link to your prezi from tedxhuntsville as an example for
how is equit used in pittsburgh public schools
I was happy to share, but thank They really know their stuff.
And thanks for sharing these videos.
Upping the training sessions.
These 12am workouts are gonna be trying and rough.
But I need this.
Here goes nothing.
Getting ready to head to go see a doctorabout my knee, should be fun.
Have a great day!!
;
donating hundoctords of lbs of fresh produce like zucchinis, broccoli, rainbow swiss chard, squash, kale, and bok choy to the SF Food Bank,
I have to be late on this one.
The Gerald Green alley was ridiculous.
nbajam type dunk...
Had to replay it 5 times...
RT : You dont have to accept the invitation to get angry.
Instead, practice forgiveness, empathy and encouragement.
Anyone that plays JJ Cale on the jukebox know what's up.
as a model who has dealt with the wrath of beauty stereotypes i must say you have unequivocally inspired me with your story..
pretty much.
you in London for the Olympics
THREE WITCHES LOVESPELL at C and O tomorrow night.
I bought a lot of candy and these things called records to celebrate VD EVE.
Im leaving the beach tomorrow .
Lol
OMG I'm sorry Justin I just saw I typed Collin :
GOING TO GET TACO BELL.....
FUCK IT
i dont even know who all i got left to do features for honestly...
they'll get done tho
u know what i mean.
and he is following me..
just stop.
kay?
ur the one making me mad.
im just protecting my self
Im so bired dont rven know what im doing for easter
I will!
Promise.
Haha.
All the luck and love to chris doheny and his family today
Hah is what people have always said, since way before the IM'ers invented LOL.
is such a fugging LOSER :
this why I try not to slander teams like lakers or OKC, cuz the heat should be so much better then they are smh
wait Pink Floyd is playing at warped D:
Hate to doctornk run but see you Friday morn ladies
yeah I can't...but if i could, I wouldn't!!!!
resist the temptation
Goodnight!
: 3 GRAND day!
ALL MAYWEATHER FANS!!!!!!!!
BEWARE!!!!
Tonight is the UPSET NIGHT!
Hey China.
What's up?
It's ya buddy Alexander, from Formspring
Baby we can go nowhere but up.
3
it's gonna be a bitch but i'll make it happen somehow.
next month shall be the start of something very epic  unexpected.
observe  listen.
Are you familiar with filmmaker Pat Mire?
Does good work!
I actually have a really good idea for netflix ad campaign.
Wonder who goes home tonight
All my life i've been good but now i'm thinking what the hell
Since everybody on bs tonite im on ps3 ..
Partee313 on psn
Nebraska has quit!
If you manage a commercial web software package, and you still don't support Chrome, what the hell are we paying you for, again?
he is the best to ever okay tho so idk.
Getting my run on
Ha.
True.
Saw your update about the theater evacuation..
Did they start the movie over?
Opposite of my family.
Guarantee my dad'll be serving me coffee mocha chip ice cream within 9 min of me walking through the door.
your up 2.
I got AP and jets d.
You got forte.
Ha, very true.
Let's just hope we can grab this 3rd out, definitely would take some pressure off.
Eyelet You Look doctorss.
Kickin Up Dust doctorss.
HoeDown Holiday doctorss.
Madden 95' is where its at.
HB toss sweep!
Finished typing my first Guest Column 4 blog.
Intricate weave of compassion and pathos  and yes, a murderous orangutan.
Some of the things my girlfriend says..
Unbelievable
Spring Break for VB Schools is April 913.
Schedule your child's cleaning appointment now and avoid missing class!
7574864880.
Screw you super moon, day after super moon is so much better.
Free twitter promotion on the url on my page.
Works great for all networks.
Try it.
BTW, follow 4 follow?
:
Congratulations to Cincinnati, my graduate and law school alma mater, and good luck in the Sugar Bowl.
omw home to check it out
is acid reflux disease a sexually transmitted disease?
if so, i caught it from my boyfriend.
Many thanks to for the RT!
That's awesome, guys!!
Thanx for nothing but a spin job!
Yet another disappointment  This loser deal IS something to CRY about!
not yet but we will let you know
Kids day 2morrow Park.
Should be a great game to wrap up a four game series against the Dbacks!
Can you say Diamond Club ?
going to my grandmas.:
: Its funny I stop smoking four days ago, its hard when you live with smokers you know...but I hope we can stay in track...
Step into the 90's Bip.
Chicks dig The Gap.
Silence is one of the hardest arguments to refute.
let's see how this goes...watching say yes to the doctorss after I got my wedding doctorss.
Thanks for notifying about my tweet!
Seriously, though, Sears is doing a great job.
Friendly employees too.
We'll let her know!
You think that she all yours lol that's what you think
commeee on you know i love you guys
Anyone needing studio time, photos or videos or all three get at me we got some great package deals going
run Jamie run now ;
I know, it suckkksss .
We are hosting a crafternoon tomorrow with volunteers to make decorations for Spring For The Arts!
On my long list of edui todo's I just crossed off an item that simply said cheeseburgers.
And no that's not what we're serving for lunch.
i love when people say things like, your going to be famous one day..watch or i can picture you on a huge stage performing c: 33
I'm not talking about you anymore, meanie.
;
I hate you.
Thought id let you know.
Hey everyone go listen to
I love diggy new albulm its the best
Heading out to see documentary Jiro doctorams of Sushi  Rainy day Tea session first though.
High mountain Oolong...
On my way!
Is it on the assignment desk, or in the kitchen?
Oh never mind ...
I'll find it!
:
I like the way you think BigEZ
No one Wants to be in the picnik college for Austin ?
Grateful to my mom for housesitting while I read  walk along the Lake in MI.
I wish!
But he's obvi my favorite president!
ThingsIReallyCantStand Breathe Carolinas new album.
like wtf is this?
no.
go back to old bc..
Get some red bull we r going into 3ot!!!!
I think a good way to say we often make slums back or white, great or terrible.
they are all of it together
yeah, like 10min or under!
Hey hey KZoo!!!
We're on or way!
like a fish!
Love is something I don't look for .
Concluding a long and excellent day with Young the Giant and GroupLove at Cain's
oh really?
you are incredibly talented!
I surrender cold  flu season.
You win.

Thanks Darcy, come on up.
The ice is nearly gone for the season.
thanks so much for the mention:
o to the kitchen, opens the refrigerator and grab a yogurt ..
Ok not!
love you Nicolette x
Don't go for the smaller size suit if you can't stomach the size.
Instead go for the smaller meal portion.
It's Sarah Michelle Gellar!
Bring Back Ringer
Active Park Assist is also the first system to operate in uphill parking situations
Bad start 2 day: forgot breakfast and book for bus, and sent sick kids to school.
RT: Save the date for QUASH2012 benefitting Want to participate or sponsor?
Let me know!
Holy fuck, shut up.
I guess...
He sounds like a whiny chubby white kid from the burbs...
Over some of the greatest beats  can buy
Thinkin bout buying a new bike Cannondale Quick CX2 hm would like to take it out for spin first.
;
How much did you lose and how fast did you lose it?
Smoke Grin  Cannabis has a way of making you smile and so will this Smokin Grin tshirt
Big Head Todd  The Monsters sure do get it right most of the time.
The guitar in Tomorrow Never Comes is just damn good.
Plus he has weakness in both hands.
So i'll ask during our next session.
S/o to my newest follow.
I'm just gonna go home, get in bed, and never come out.
im liking the word 6oooooo6 thanks to my cousins 
Whenever someone calls me ugly, I get super sad and hug them because I know life is really, really tough for the visually impaired.
thinks the latest MS ad is not bad...
I'll talk SeaWorld staycation ideas on Great Day SA's Trip on a Tankful as well as Spy Kids 4 red carpet scoop.
Tune in at 9 on KENS 5
I share you share yes?
What is intersting to me is how convinved each side of the health care debate is that their side will triumph in SCOTUS.
happymammasday to all the beautiful women with kids with out one!
We men R glad to have you apart of our livesThank for putting up with us
Big day with LCR yesterday.
New season is looking to be VERY exciting!
Better Scorer Paul Pierce or J.
Harden?
Why?
Respond with
Join us tonight for our smallbizpgh twitterchat at 7 pm.
i will be surprised if i read a novel this year that moves me more then graham swift's wish you were here.
Don't forget about our weekly MNF contest: correctly guess the score of tonight's game between the Jets  Dolphins for a free Scorzie!
Host of Sweet Genius to star as head monster in The Descent 2 says me...
I really have never been one who feels the need to be partnered up.
I am not on some secret mission for a relationship.
I'm happy solo
started watching that show on Netflix last month.
Finished the whole season within weeks.
Cross had the best character!
Time to hit the sheets its been fun while it lasted.
Tomorrow is Another day to come.
Gdn sweetdoctorams.
I love my girl an ant shit on my page to show that I dont or im out hea bogus
Happy Monday, Pat!!!
Hope you had a good weekend...good to see you here!
And I always make it harder for whoever coming next
You are quite possibly the dumbest GOP troll I've ever had the displeasure of tweeting with
I was just on Simsimi, and I said Hope.
And it said to follow you.
xD Very strange...but I thought I should.
Follow back?
:D Ty
gonna find me some followers 333
I wrote a song about war.
I've been incredibly mean today.
dmv follow what it is my g...
Made it home .
Still irked with the outcome today
never I hate that place and everyone that lives there including you hehe jk...not too sure but soon!
There are certainly people out there more qualified than me to give writing advice, but think deeply about how pieces fit together in story.
: that's pretty hilarious.
why thank you.
Mark Sanchez is pretty hilarious to watch.
I'm having a great time.
its all good baby yall be back next year ya digg!
If they have good intentions, they'll always come back.
Mac n cheese and the Neverending Story
I registered a few days ago, got the discounted rate!
Looking forward to some of the events
808Pride dont watse ur time trying to be good at something u dont lime to make ur parents feel do wjat i did n do what u love DANCE
You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find your eternity in each moment.
Henry David Thoreau/RT
Friday, Friday, Fridaay!
RT : Any guesses on how many ppl exp homelessness in rva who said they were on FB or Twitter during our last survey?
My favorite part of twitter is reading and 's arguements
Idalia EP release at the Legion Hall Tonight!!!
come out doors at 5:30pm
Thanks for following!
Would I get into these colleges with these grades/extracurriculars?
dear god why do i have that rihanna song stuck in my head...
please make it stop, please
I would never eat a BLT.
Who likes tomatoes anyway?
lmao you a fool my nigga got 2 new peace a steals lol
of one of my own projects.
so wait what's the song to be rumored one of 1D's new song ?
i see people post about it i missed 1O minutes now i missed everything :
that doesnt make since, doctors have shitty handwriting.
I've said it before, Soriano has been a bust since coming to the
Str8LykeDes...
You still talking bout back but nigga I'm in the future goin inn...
It's Friday.
Add so I can DM you the Facebook group link.
Hotel coordination Rideshare stuff.
Inspired, inspired, astounded and inspired by Judith Ivey's performance as Amanda Wingfield.
Dear guys who think it's ok to steer uncooperative women by the upper arm: let's fight.
Sincerely, me.
We won our 10 Units Last Night.
What a game!
Stolen Base 2.0 Today is the play of the day!
whenever u touch back down!
Closing 10 browser tabs devoted to sushi.
Back to work!
Just laugh at yourself and leave me  everyone else on FB out of it.
Thanks.
I'm not sure if they do groups anymore.
wow that's awesome.
My birthday is in June but all my money is wrapped up in tech classes
really digging the polka dots with the blue boots
Out 4 Some Hours.G.F.B.
4 Life.
Hey thanks for the atthack Palo Alto RSVP!
Welcome  let us know of any Q's :
Have you ever REALLY looked into Hulk Hogan's eyes?
He's crazy.
Congrats on your meeting with !
woo hoo!!
Can I Please get A Hello Gorgeous?
or I Love You Brianna?: Please Make my doctoram Come True!
I Love You So Much ://3
Found Mommie Dearest in Globe.
A better version Henrik Lundquivst, he's so cool, when he goes to bed, sheep count him
RT : Its not about time, its about choices.
How are you spending your choices?
Beverly Adamo
Thank you to , and Carley from .
you all did great!
: A hot tub would be glorious right about now.
I agree!!
A big thanks to all who attended Tue's first Visual Culture Conf.
meeting.
Spread the word.
Our next meeting is Thrs, 1/26
It's five o'clock somewhere
Best weather ever
thanks.
good suggestion.
We use theories ouside of lit in lit why not tools outside of dh in dh?
ice cream and cake and cake/ice cream and cake and cake/ice cream and cake do the ice cream and cake
ah nice one!
Let me know if FlipGates needs a sax player!
story of my life.
I will...I'll slap him up a little.
Then you come and abuse him.
Thanks for the FF : 
dude we needa print the thing
word..been playin shows n workin on settin up this Cohesia event..tryin to link up on a collab with you on a song or shirt soon
We can do anything we want as long as we stick to it long enough.
Helen Keller
I need music as much as I need oxygen.
it's practivally abuse if you ignore it...
RIP Angelo Dundee..
True boxing royalty..
From an era when boxing mattered..
I did both of those things and wen I watched the video I was Cryin cuz my cousin also has CF it was very hard 4 me not 2 cry
really ?
Want a cookie :
Paraphrasing, of course but when I read it, that's how I felt!
Can't believe my big brother would be 29 today.
sleepwellmyangel missyou  happybirthday 
Fun game last night at home.
Took the loss but saw some quality play out of a young team against a good football team Woof, woof!
thanks for an amazing laugh.
Great show.
WTF was Mark thinking?
Obviously not of his son who gets a second chance!!!
Thanks for the shout out!
It's way too nice to be cooped up in a weird house museum.
The Savior has risen today!
Have a blessed Easter
Legitimately cannot decide if I would rather go on spring break or go to Bruce
fuck you in the face
as a person who trusts absolutely no one i have to agree.
He was so brilliant, god bless his soul.
RT : for those who want to help beta test the Playd app.
get it on the iOS store now.
Send all issues and feedback to...
When you do check it out, please let us know what you think.
You have LOADS of talent!
What am i gonna do with my life?
Succeed.
That's the only thing i can guarantee
why thank you!
Me too!
Panting at the moment but I'll be fine lol
the greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return.
Show measurability of a sustainable program!
RT QUESTION OF THE DAY: How do you get social media buy in from your executive team?
If I come to NY Me  the homie rapping Spitta Airborne Aquarium while doctornk
If your library bans Fifty Shades of Grey AND carries books by Zane ...Houston, you have a problem AND no leg to stand on...
it's cold out:
my mom is molding you in her image.
Time to PunchIn ...
Be about your money mane!!
It's like the old adage: An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
Although I think that ratio is a bit conservative.
THAT WAS A GOOD LAUGH
Apparently they're opening a woman's unit at BHD, but not a secure ward for the violent patients.
This helps how?
Anyone else wish there were like 50 more books in the Hunger Games series?
Me too
Hi, Cheeky, and thank you, Onmilo!
I like talking a lot, celery leaves, and fresh millet.
How about you?
allways a good day
Amen to that!
omniture release disrupting our training session!
the nerve!
:
Black Eyed Peas look like oversized lite brites.
TGIF have a good weekend everyone
I believe Sam Cooke might be my new favorite singer of alltime.
But no real incentive to move home.
Plus, hands up for who lives in a city  country not run by a right wing xenophobe!
Performing the Ravel Piano Trio tonight with the Norfolk Chamber Consort at Old Dominion University, Chandler Hall :30pm
Good Morning  Happy Mothers Day to all of the Mothers on my TL
RT I wish I was a ginger.
TL is FB..
Not Hatin just sayin puffers is usually hit or miss
:D Of course.
Good Morning twitlings!
Yo anyone want to hit up galveston today with me and some friends?
It's a nice film.
No Granger, No Hibbert, no problem.
It's just Detroit.
I see him as a 3...nice size/length and last night showed how skilled he is.
The Monday work day is almost over!
Woo!
I'm tired af.
Goodnight.
:
jp hit me up, not the other way around
I know some people eschew labels, but I am so grateful I twitterknow so many ppl atteading ReasonRally.
Wish my family could be there!
I like big butts and I can not lie.
As we know from his statements on the port, numbers are not Filner's strong suit
Good morning
Cruising with my love
Those kinds of staging opportunities are what attracts me to site specific performance.
DesperateHousewives is the best show ever.
I think I may cry when it ends
We love our job!
awesome article.
scary I hope not to meet any of those who's tweets you mentioned especially with guns in their hands
congrats!
Loved the feature and you looked great.
Plus who knew Emeryville was such a hot spot.
Man what a great day!
comedy going down at !!!
If you think your missing a better opportunity by waiting on me....?
So true!
: You have finally arrived President Snow.
I can smell the blood on your lips.
let me in very good movie i liked it time for sleep
Gotta catch up on Boardewalk Empire
:D Woot!
Glad I could help?
xD
Peter got his first John Deer tractor from his grandpa.
He loves it.
He doctorves it like a maniac!
me like
I dont think it came i think it was something for my moms salon :
I wish!
lmao
Oh please excuse me while I laugh my ass off.
it's late, but kyrie irving
Join us for our Winter Documentary Series on Wed...Where Soldiers Come From will be showing in the Rines at 5:30p.
Discussion to follow!
Do you love it?
hahah that was my stupid phone!x and sophomore:
I saw u at the poo u were swimming 
Rahsaan Patterson  Wines  Sprits  Feels Good
you here on cam4 also honey???
wish you closer NY also
Moody's: Ford And GM Can Thank The UAW For Their Latest Upgrades via
I think weds at the usual...4 pm.
That should be fine.
Happy Mother's Day to all the great moms out there!
So if Austin's LA concert is June 24, that means he'll be leaving pretty soon after the NY concert.
That's fine, I'll have met him already.
My brain is just a jellyfish in the ocean of my head.
Thanks for the RT.
Hope you're having a fine evening.
Typical Google.
For full 1, you need to install an extension?
I wonder what  of the population even know what an extension is.
I like the doctorwing one.
just watched Neverlution ...
you must come to
Has anyone herd the News Clhoe Kardashian is really not!,,,,!!
herd that on Ricky Smiley morning show .....they all fd up
I think it's time for companies to stop using letters in their 800 's.
I'm constantly googling telephone keypad.
I do enjoy some fine Chilean vino!
1st announcement: Playing more gigs w/Rock Legend Joe Lynn Turner: Fri May 18  Dingbatz NJ  Sat May 19  Club Loaded NY.
Ask your pendulum if you were an ET during one or more of your past lives.
Hallmark Card: As the days go by, I think of how lucky I am that you're not here to ruin it for me
I am women, hear me roar  Helen Reddy.
Happy International Women's Day!
fallinginreverse 's new album is amazing 3
Happy Birthday This makes me sad everyone's growing up so fast I hope you don't change, Stay strong  Grand Wish you the best
Nah thats yours.
;p
good luck with finals...don't miss that fun time can't wait to see lists
NOPE!
but hi annabelle : i still have my old one.
i made this one like 40 minutes ago lol
edcocp Misconception: SNA/Network analysis is too hard for regular people to use.
Tools, like NodeXL and Gephi are easy now.
I figured there were some pilotairtrafficcontrollerlibrarians out there in the mix.
if only closed minds came with closed mouths.
Thanks!!!
And yes, please!!!
: RT: congratulations!
Celebratory coffee...
yes.
Both wrists
Chase, when will you ever move on?
She treats you like crap but yet you still talk to her..
Today one of the university librarians told me she has seen me a bajillion times...
Cant wait to hear what you thinks about You Came Back!
meet my new tweeps: , ,
Tia and I have a spring dance at our school dance tonight!
:D izzy
Burton J rules in GHSP Inc.
v.
AB Electronic Ltd.
case involving a battle of forms between C and D's conditions: EWHC 1828.
House of the Rising Sun 333
But you are such a conformist....
Weird.
that's disgusting!!!!!
we're never going again!
Oh my god!!
No way McGehee makes that throw.
Happy All You Can Eat Wings Night, Lube Nation!
Do you like to mix up sauce flavors or stick with just one?
What a great day :
yeah I guess.
Call me for the 30 and up crowd lol!
My hair lady had to reschedule from tmisterto Tuesday.
Rah...1 more week  I'm going into hiding
RT : wizards just released statement officially announcing that Ernie Grunfeld will be back to continue the rebuilding efforts
what we talk about when we talk about arts councils.
haha it was :D thats what I first thought when I followed youx
Don't forget to follow the Band Of The Year competition for updates!
haha.
What makes you say that ?
We're having SO MUCH FUN THIS YEAR.
So, what's moved you this year ????
Entirely too much fun being had by all.
Tebow will throw for at least 700 yards today and then he will ride home in an alien spacecraft.
So much to do.
wow, was it really photoshop's 20th birthday on Friday?
still have a copy of 4.0 somewhere around here.
What's your number again!?
I'm guessing you're going?
c:
Warren St.John, Outcasts United, kicks off statewide read at Balt
nothing better.
also shaped like Imessage
Watching Coachella live on youtube...
is killin it with a boot on as well.
Inspiring stuff.
Ladies and gents  let's welcome to Minneapolis FRIDAY June 1st !
Oh we're TOO excited for this one!
aw so agreed!
That was me 9 hours ago lol.
Thanks for RT!!
Who is the best NBA player without tattoos?
we're always on twitter at the same time :
my milkshake used to bring all the boys to the yard.....then I napalmed those motherfuckers.....fuck milkshakes
Panelists Call For Alternative Plans for NYU 2031 Expansion
Thanks for the RT, dear I am always happy to be the receptacle of your attention  support.
;0
That was one delicious BBQ'd steak, brn rice n steamed veg's.
perfect dinr.
not 2 much food.
feel great!
whats on yur plate?!
I guess Castro didn't want to even try to get a hit....silly
And who else remember the Kim kardashian Sextape ?
Most Funniest Man
Visitors to Indy and friends from the neighborhood have found a comfortable seat at The Milano Inn, now in its 8th decade of business.
OH I ONLY WISH THE AMAZING AUSTIN MAHONE WOULD CALL ME 3
Thanks and Hit and Miss Ice Cream for getting your apps in!
Your spot is secured!
What artist is fairly new to the music scene that you like that should have more fans?
I'd like to hear!
TRAFFIC update: WB Belt  Gammon Rd.
Semi rollover, blocking the left lane.
Backups to John Nolen doctor
Im so tired of chuck e cheese...my babys bday is n almost 2wks he gon be two..im thinkn a bbq at the park
EVERYBODY YOU NEED TO CHECK OUT BEATS ARE RAW!
We're opening on Weds!
Check us out  fun stuff for bachelorettes, bridal showers, etc.
Maybe even a proposal?
:
Timbers game tonight!
you're my best little twitter sister hun : i love you so much
were the ones with balls at the heels striped?
yea if they grow into it!
but don't act like you have been all along.
I thought congress voted down the 4th amendment a while back
Congratulations friend!
When youre sleepdeprived, blood flow slows, leading to dark circles.
Plus, your eyes and surrounding skin may get doctor and irritated.
Another cover the night!
Damn, France is giving England quite a few scares here in the closing minutes.
Happy Friday Everyone :
headed to the practice rooms to record skyscraper right now.
: should be only a few hours!
hot soup and crackers are the best!
why would you??
CB easily....I mean geez I heard one of our DB's is actually dating Betty White at the moment so come on!
I could be surrounded by a sea of people, and still feel all alone.
Then I think of you.
your so beautiful and talented follow me :
I sent 2 in the last 5y, I like that there's a free solution for that.
They also have a cool document signature feature
This chicken ima about to eat....
ohh yes
's mine teambreezy bitch!!!
The awkward moment when your walking a dog and it has to take a shit and realize you don't have a poop bag.
Try and find a movie called Buck, really good !
you look cute.
:
Great tip!
RT Look in the mirror and tell yourself how beautiful you are and believe it!
25 CHEESE FILLED MIRACLES OF TASTE
How do I explain that percentage of Web pages compliant does not necessarily indicate a11y?
That this is not an on/off thing?
If you smoke weed idgaf you still my nigga,just know I won't participate
I have no doubt your A Game will be brought.
Can't wait!
Damn I just got jayz lucifer on pandora it's been like forever since I heard it
lolz nope.
I need new strings
get used to this time difference
Imma knock Day Day ass out lol
FF Makin' it happen!
Nov 2012 Baby.
BRING IT!
Patriots!
And I missed him didn't I
in a good mood : yeeeee.
Congratulations to Rachel C.
from Dickinson, TX for winning a free nuvoh2O saltless water softener!
Rachel entered at the Houston Show.
Fabulous!
MT : I have a son, not a daughter for a composer, and I salute him for programming women every concert.
RT I only check my voicemail when I get tired of seeing 
updated my website www.janebackes.com
We can send PD IAP on the artist Godz Messenger
the president must have been listening to your show.
I say it depends on the context and the joke itself.
you do so much for us!
Haha !
Cant wait to hear it!
PS we have an AFT surprise for you tomorrow...
Stay tuned!
Happy Labor Day Weekend.
Enjoy America's Finest Weather in SUNNY SD!
Off to hike Torrey Pines with the fam...
Happy New Year fam!
Shouts out to the guy blasting music and talking loudly to himself in the library when everyone is trying to study
follow request good morning I'll RT/ you to all my followers
doctornking a coffee and writing a song about coffee.
I'M SUCH A CLEVER SONGWRITER!
Jim
thanks for the shoutouts all the way from the UK
Oh sweet heaven.
I ran out of creamer yesterday and walked to super A and got overexcited and bought like 4 :P
Yes.
He collapsed during a talk, apparently.
I'm getting some good advice from local PR professorssionals.
glad you enjoyed it!!
my cat gave birth...we have 4 kittens c:
Big Oil calls them externalities meaning someone else has to bear the health and environmental costs of their pollution.
kudos to you
I use a ZerOz wallet!
Love it  supported a local business and downsized what I carry around!
I love my Ralph's World cd unfortunately it is scratched and some of the songs skip but I love the fun imaginative lyrics it great for kids
i am...Sue was coming for family reasons, if i remember.
am in KW just the 27th29th.
is that where you are?
oh cool!
Yeah.
So I'll swing by tomorrow to meet you guys and hear his talk!
good point
APerfectTourLineup Miss May I, OFWGKTA, Kanye and JayZ, N.e.r.d, Veil of Maya
I miss talking to you pequenho Danny 3
Word of mouth is the No.
1 influencer of purchases  is the best invention in the history of commerce says
Check out the Fall Issue of Black Forest Living WWW.balackforestremodelandtile.com  Living Page!
October is such a great month!
u bout go to bed to lame
Oops, it was Boston City TV not BNN.
Never saw this channel before moving to basic cable.
Fool me once shame on you...fool me twice shame on ME.
In vegas for a short 10 hrs
Is it still Girl Scout Cookie season?
Just got cast in new play, American Pastorela, with New Carpa Theatre.
love Shark Tank.
I want to be the guy that screens these companies for you and helps you beat the rest of the panel.
Give me a shot?
Stay tuned ...
will be in the chamber for severability, will be there for Medicaid.
Wish them well.
send me that pictures '!
There are two WI high schools in US News' top 200.
Both are : King  !
Next WI HS is 897th.
Tax season  busy season.
Did you get your answer?
If not, DM me.
I am with Franchise Tax Board.
Maybe I can help.
Got my first PO Box.
Keep MovinOnUp :
Thanks for joining us tonight!
:
closed a few years back.
did your student id not work to get the front door unlocked this time?
LADIES WE HAVE NEW STUFF JUST IN FOR YOU...
GET HERE ASAP BEFORE ITS GONE!!!
Happy Wednesday Morning!
Join us 10amNoon on 1450am as we talk the UofL spring game and Reds Baseball with Lance McAllister of ESPN1530 and 700WLW in...
Love that in the middle of January it's 60 degrees outside.
Yay Texas!
whoa!
French traveler is at today.
She's tracing Janis Joplin's life steps  is starting w/ TX!
Dude.
Brakes went out on the highway yesterday.
At ford getting everything looked at?
2,191.43.
I want to die.
sucks to your assmar!
I need a vaccine because House Fire's hooks are contagious!
not even the final?
Are we looking at MLS live here??
We'll be ready to rock.
when is your show coming back on?
no its not real lol
Flakes getting a lot bigger in Centennial
We can go doctorve around New York and yell at stray cats,...
because I hate cats
I can't believe it's already September!
Time is moving too fast!
Shit just got real
True, but no swearing, or sexual talk on RTB.
On anything goes.
Ugh.
I should've known you'd read that wrong.
Perhaps intentionally.
Doesn't really matter, though.
Adios.
What do you find attractive about me?
When the dog sleeps in my room she finds the most awkward way to sleep on my feet.!
I'm just a careless man's careful daughter 
Now we have a baby girl screaming her numbers.
Congrats you know how to count but now it's not the time.
.
me too.
Allergy season
dang not you tryna get in on this tho!!
This is me tweeting so that my followers know I'm alive.
I'll start tweeting again on April 14th.
Ahh I lost 200 followers !!
So ready to get off work.
Peter Bol teaches database design, regular expressions, text mining, GIS in computational methods course for history grad students
ride over the brooklyn bridge.
handcuffed in the back of a police car...
Can't wait till they get older 
This is still the place that we all call HOME!
Great job man.
I believe every word of that song!
was a total Success!
Now continue following us to find out what new celebs are signing up
Zero Ted presents live at the Fairmont Pittsburgh....tonight the boilermakers jazz band 7:409:30!
Dancers welcome!
i love my baby yup yup i love my boy:
A5: Write down their schedule so they can remember info of arrival and departure and why they are traveling.
A5: 1 goal of SB46 was to reach folks at their preferred communication channel.
Don't need to come to us.
We will find you.
TIP OF THE DAY: Never be too personal at a table.
There are NO friends at the poker table and NO enemies either.
Every pot/chip is valuable.
hells Yes can't wait to see you guys buddy
baby yes im, addicted to how we kicked it
actually i stand corrected..
its running offa their jingle xmpp service...
if they opened it up you could use that as a bot
Will do!
Heard you guys rocked the Glass Cactus!
Sounds pretty boring of you ask me.
Thank you..
Zee
Fantastic!
MFA in Creative Writing here, God Bless!
cant wait till NOV1ST Its going to b amazing 3 3 Big Love
Hello good friends and neighbors..
this is our first tweet so holler back
Once opened up a Church Thunder Hop and it had a head like that.
Don't forget: our dining room is open till 1am and we deliver until 4am on Saturdays!
Burrrrr.
Great picture!
Your actions.
Dont be surprised if you get boo'd.
It's the result of your actions.
Sorry for the CJ rant.
Needed to explain
Living The Good Life With The Girl I Love: 4312:
Excited I'm home and that I am getting to go watch win the biggest game in Preds history tonight!
Let's go Predators!!!
no way.
Facebook friends need not be linked in connections; PopVox allows pseudonyms; data on each is distinct/discreet.
Why do people make things so complicated?
If you listen first and pay attention to event being collaborative come easily.
poem Final love when I thought we were just dawning/I told you how you made me feel/you disappeared/left me crying in the face of rain
Alone in the library with no one to watch my stuff if I need to get food or use the restroom..
I need to do both.
Sorry to hear that man.
Stinks.
Need to have a gold count like on Deadliest Catch: Gold Count: Hoffman Crew 93.5 oz, Dakota Boys 80.4 oz, Parker 34.4 oz
I approve, but only barely.
: Who ever says cramps were necessary should be punched in the throat..
Just saying
of course we do vegetarian menu that's how the stick course came about
I find myself saying that a lot
In order to laugh we have to exhale.
Tax hikes don't stop job growth.
Spending cuts do.
dude talking about a sports watch and places he prefers to practice sports .
..
Sorry I blog about eating chocolate.
It's important to connect with your followers too
A bit disappointed in myself having to lookup tips to finish levels in Lego Harry Potter
haha yes!!!
But actually!!
Wow, thanks for this great message!
So basically you saying you ain't gone never come visit me...
Thx for reminding us!!
RT : Finally on my way to SLA2012.
Hope no one throws tomatoes at me during breakout session tomorrow
LOL Yeah might as well at this point.
Had a great day in Ashley's closet : good dinner tonight for Nana's birthday too!
There are two different ones.
One sings On My Mind and the other I forgot:
rude what about me??
I am always happy...
I swuuuuuur.
Listening to Kim Possible 3
there are some acoustic performances from new artists at the ACM Experience in Mandalay's convention space.
It's free!
didnt i get to be Ed ayers in class?
Purposedoctorven, Proactive, WinWin Crap  the longawaited new book from Steven Covey!
Available in better bookstores today.
we need Jamilah's creative genius
follow me?
:
I don't understand why the family from ParanormalActivity hasn't just called the Ghostbusters already.
It'd save them so many sequels...
Shameless plug: I'll be playing this Sunday at Goodbye Blue Monday In Brooklyn at 9pm.
New tunes shall be played!
Hey!
How are you?:
LoL that's not a deal at all!!!!
That's what a normal rate for a room is there!!!!
please add a seattle tour!
Bring1DtoSeattle 1
He's wearing a tie.
Good boy, Abraham.
Last American Badass rocked!
Gotta love the punk rock shows at Two Bit...
Culture shock!
Good to know.
Maybe I'll have to try that one insteadski.
Thanks brotha!
You pick the jam: Which RJ track should we feature as tomorrow's Song of the Day???
August 19th in NYC and LA and Kansas City August 15th.
Check out the details on www.bornandbredmovie.com
oracle Tuned a query from 6 minutes down to sub second, bam, that is how you do it
When everyone else you know leaves NewThrusters and you decide its a good idea to stay
Brokenhearted by Karmin was obviously a rejected Keha song.
Cowboys and Aliens was awesome!
what's up B?!
Long time no talk, remember me?
Lol
IM NOT A MISOGYNIST...
BUT WOMEN CANT EVEN TRUST WOMEN
amazing.
Finally!
I'll take two ribs
good ol felisha isn't too happy

Thanks for the recent RTs
Two more days.
Anyone with recs for a senior level marketing/comms/pr person who's plugged into the social innovation space?
'13 Assassins'  a must see.
Awesome samurai movie.
haha youre not the first angel fan to take offense to that tweet...hes got a lot of ground to make up i'll say that
Just show the ppl your tweets lol RT : LMAOO IT'S GOIN GOOD SO FAR....I SHALL NOT COMPLAIN
We were meant to live for so much more, Have we lost ourselves?
Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them
wherewereyou I was downloading software on my new MacBook Pro and at 6:55 my iPhone pinged.
It was breaking news from CNN...
RIP Steve!
I wish I knew the person who killed Bin Laden so I can personally thank them.
indeed!
i caused a hostage situation yesterday..didn't you hear?
: If plan a doesnt work, the alphabet has 25 more letters.
Keep calm.
Anytime!
Gotta keep our PackerNation up to twitter date!
KimKWedding , I give it 8 months?
Who wants to bet?
been up trying to get ready for work still not feeling all that great today but life is good and can't wait for the next day Happy Thursday!
Finland: They deal with a narrower range of student behaviors than we do in U.S not as much diversity.
so true!
9 out of 10 times if u grew up between 35th  Sherman north Ave to Lisbon u on some bullshit
Hey guys, our whole ep Fast Forward To Now is streaming on our facebook!
Check it out!
If you think ARod's a tool, he'll be relaxing on a beach by the first Detroit/Texas game instead of freezing on a baseball field.
New phone bitchezzzzz
I'd love to get my hands on a copy of Rice Ideas Men Like...
Im rooting for John Cena  CM Punk.
Cenanation!!!!
Im so dang hungry
I know haha and she says she isn't an attention whore
: Is it me...or is Alec Baldwin kind of a silver fox?
idlethimhit me too.
Police: DNA confirms suspect 'East Coast Rapist'
Lots of things rolling out in the coming weeks and months.
Of course we'll continue to update this space as we go!
what you think about Dallas weather?
what does that mean haha
fourweddings  then going for a run!
You love to hate me.
What's the Vegas line?
aww I'd ask for your autograph  know exactly who you are.
Be a yardstick of quality.
Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.
Steve Jobs
Now I want a beef patty...doctorol
My leg hurts D:
You did the heavy lifting  it is already updated on my bio.
Bluey robinson.
..
Omg he is so beautifol :
You said random trivia!
And I was joking about the question.
.
Uhh what states were in the Confederacy?
Whatever you decide, bring plenty of it  looks like he wants 20 mins instead of 10.
Lucys League: Americas 1st Womens Sports Boutique Opened!
There is nothing like a great workout!:
Congrats!
The B Side
sure.
You're always giving me that evil eye.
Jk lol
Outside CEO Hires Force CFOs to Flee  Wall Street Journal
As a TRIBE fan I'm really psyched Thome is back!
Clevelandoctorcks Anybody who puts down the midwest clearly has never been there
Where did you go?
did you move seats?
Some people think of eternal damnation as fire and brimstone.
I think of the California DMV.
whenever you get a chance oovoo me pleasee.
jessica.riker
You have no concept of reality  I can think of no better place than to give you a wakeup call mister Laurinaitis go puck yourself.
Cena
socialmedia synergy is a huge pain in the ass.
Thanks for the RT.
morning meetings then going through all the ASHA information
I know what you mean, but please dont judge a book by its cover.
3
Haircuteveryone there just a little to friendly.
U thought I was famous or something
iJust Want You Back.
We were created as a spirit that is pure love.
What's the best deal on BlastoffNetwork.com right now?
I hate when my mom goes out of town for work, I wish she were home...
2/2 justin is my all time favorite male singer I like others but I love him he is such a good role model and so sweet is lucky
Yay!
Just text me when you're free and I'll come meet you at Superfineit's like two blocks from my place.
For the mom who has everything, you can't go wrong with an Earthsavers gift card!
Jackie
Can't wait for this darned election to finish!!
Gracious!
My 13 year old comes from school fired up like she's campaigning!
Talking loud!!!
Wish I had more time for Twitter.
Too busy killing video game zombies and customizing my AR15 for the apocalypse.
We are glad you have now!
Let us know if we can do anything for you.
Going to WB's graduation tonight.
Congrats to all the seniors!
Yep I knew you would look bitch.
Because your man was staring.
:p
omg Kimm how have you been!
Ive thought about you alot!!
TheNewWave get bigger everybody welcome to the family.
it looks so weird outside.
Holding my stomach, I doctornk too much water and I feel like I'm floating away.
Alexander McQueen's 20072008 Spring collection is flawless.
And she a Laker fan and she speaking REAL SHIT!!!!
as always, just flawless!
I'm happy with mine and i discuss yours lol
Had a good talk with oomfs today
YOU ARE OUR RUNNINGBACK!!!
The end is near.....Summer break!
haha exactly.
But seriously I need to quit eating crap!!!
Watching the ParisRoubaix race on  these guys are the very best announcers in all of sporting.
Enthusiastic and knowledgeable.
just me kitty and Louie over here...
Talk about a freebie.
haha!
How did I miss this?!
Lol
ham can be light, actually.
James must win American Idol.
He simply must.
Welcome, writing mama!
Great shows tonight!
Downtown has and in B Rip its !
8:30 showtimes!
5 entry w/ ANY college ID!
3172554211
same here!
Please include me in your 4am email blast.
Also, please proof read when hacking my twitter.
Working on a special project later this evening.
Hoping for the best : I know is excited....
only at uchicago will you get mardi gras celebrated on a Friday.
during lent I might add which sucks.
BE THERE anyways.
FREE FOOD.
9pm Ida
I'm pretty good!
How are you love?
Tweeting in French is fun
9 hours to go!
apparently they knew when they shipped that the board wasn't there???
On back order now, but they may not make it anymore.
true life story.
this happened to me.
Tell us!
What's your favorite item you've found at a Clothing Swap?
BUDDY BUDDY!!!
Merry Christmas I hope it's Legit!:
That is a great plan!
Nothing skipping out early for a round!
I'll never be what you want, i wouldn't change any part of me just to make you stay.
Thanks for the follow!
Thinkin bout ridin to Orlando this weekend
sent an email, let me know if you got it.
watching abcd, i neec to catch up on this season !
Ooh look a clever tweet!
I'll take it and change some words around in it!
Yeah...
You better not do that P lol
Sluts keep saying I want a real man,  well respect yourself a little more and maybe you will find him.
A real man needs a real woman.
morning; How are you??
That friend you have that never shuts the fuck up and repeats themselves atleast 10 times a day...
Thanks, bro!
salute.
For us two!: Distance does not matter if two hearts are loyal to one another..
Thanks for the FF!
Have a great weekend!
definitely!
be listening for it around 2:15!
RT : If the Sugar Bowl comes down to a last second FG and Myer nails it, I will order and wear a custom jersey of his all...
May the force be with you bitches!
:D
We are preparing for the Juerga  TONIGHT!
from 7:00pm at the Studio!
Bring your shoes, palmas and smiles...
It will be a good time.
Oh my god.
I give the fuck up.
At the needle and thread.
I love a good cocktail.
is approaching critical mass.
my brain is thumping....I'm on one
Thx!
RT : Now Following  Museum of the African Diaspora's young professorssionals organization.
Looks like I'll be in Dublin, Ireland late September through much of October.
Interested in hosting a dialect workshop?
DM me!
My Spurs are COOKING on all cylinders right now!
Both that Defense and that Offense playing at a high level!
COOK, Spurs!
COOK!
Why do black ppl fight over shoes.
We have got to do better.
10 yrs ago, printers said NO WAY to prices online.
Vistaprint said YES.
Web2print offers new ways to say YES to print buyers and sales.
Yay, I'm gonna go eat with my cousin and his baby mama :
doctor and Snoop at coachella are so dope.
wish I could be there for that
we're just getting ready for our show tonight !!!
Its gonna be
Little kid peeing by the side of a highway: funny.
Grown adult peeing by the side of a highway: HILARIOUS.
It's getting very real.
i'm going to be a librarian soon!
you know it!!
Forever, all my days, I will love you God.
HELLO TO OUR FIRST 61 FOLLOWERS THANK YOU FOR YOUR SUPPORT WE ARE HERE TO HELP LETS TALK!
REMEMBER TO LIVE YOUR LIFE AND LOVE YOURSELF!
same havnt seen u forever u still live down the street
I was in the dungeon today for about a good 4 hours..
I Miss Him : NowPlaying Talking To The Moon By Bruno Mars...
Blame it on the weed, blame it on the booz!
The course The horse, The fooooooorrrccceeee
If you a Heat fan and you gave slander last night but can't take it today...
That's when you just go to Starbucks!
thanks for the FF :
Spent the day downtown with my dad.
Had fun getting lost
Thanks for following!
Have an amazing 2012!!!
I'm absolutely crazy about someone I'll never have...
hahaha aye that's mistermillers wife
What is the name of Joey Votto's walkup song?
I can't figure it out for the life of me!
I hope you remember our deal!
Going on a trip...
Who's coming with me?
In 2010, 610 childoctorn younger than 18 were killed in firearm homicides in California.
I left early yesterday too!
I feel like someone ran me over lol
If you're hating me, do it honestly.
Hope everyone has a great new decade!
Anybody know any good nopo events for Cinco de Mayo.
let me know?
Also, can we hang out and be temporary best friends, ?
You made that in 2 days?
Impressive!
Welcome to oxford property Group, Mike Piazza!
Hope you hit a lot of home runs!
Goodnight Stay Beautiful and Inspiring3
YOU have to be my second follower !!!
i cant follow ne one until u follow me !!!!!!
Game time for the finals of the NAIA Baseball National Championship Opening Rd between Point Park and Doane is 7:10 pm ET.
well, welcome to the party :
show people that the greatest gifts come from the hands of those who have suffered the most.
Brady is making Tebow his bitch
Will there be a Zombie Andy Dufrense in Season 3?
thank you Sir, for the RT!
where are you located?
hopefully we can change that : 
if he's not out hitting the links, then he certainly should.
I am in las vegas Btch!!!!!
Waisteeeed!!!!
10mile bike ride.
Top gear hill climbs.
40lbs toddler on board.
A BIG thank you to all of my new  seasoned followers!
I do so enjoy your tweets.....keep them coming!!
Aww, thank you!
We love what we do!
Have a great follow Friday!
I know it's early but for all you White Sox fans who say the Cubs suck.
The White Sox are 1017 and the Cubs are 1114.
Sorry for
NO!!!
Call someone else.
This is SO far above what you get paid.
oh, god!
I don't even remember taking this!
will u beable to tweet in school time??
its 's birthday!!!
you know what to do wink wink ;
You're welcome!
omg you're so helpful with everything!
Especially with 1D things!
Hope that made sense :p hehe have a good day:
Next Saturday is Defenderfest.
Who will be there?!
most awkward car ride EVER.
6 minutes left and the score is 233 for the
Sounds like I'm doing a little better than you are but man it's still rough.
I See You On 106Park And Boy You Look Good : LMAO :
thanks for giving a shit, most of our stars didn't until this year cuz ofu.I'm looking forward to Nexyr.
Got my Road Red Jersey;
I love Fridays!!
RT : I'm 1/64th Sioux, as far as you know.
Now give me tenure at an Ivy League law school.
ah just log from practiced a runwalk show, gosh that tired me out, need to relax
The rats are also reeling from the news of the MTA shutting everything down.
I'm sure I'm late to the game, but OMG is today's Google doodle adorable!!!
What do you need to see to start using eLearning software in your business or classroom?
I tried to text but my phone just won't have that.
When can I see you?
Happy birthday hunnie!

that's what days spent agonizing to craft 65 word chunks will get you.
I only count Meredith and Lexi as chicks :
Why would he do that?
true we don't and neither does the media but I think we gave up alittle much for a guywho that looks now was gonna be there anyways
Marco Torres, Now, being global is essential
RT Anderson SC Concrete Staining Basement Black Walnut Border w Custom Tile Sawcut Center
is that true for Meyers Leonard as well?
cool.
My schedule is shifting a bit so I might be able to make NAB this year after all.
Welcome ...respect to u too RT :  s/o to my new follower
I enjoy your stories on Danny and agree wholeheartedly  Danny Gokey will win!!
I am also not a homeboy.
Thank you for an incredible weekend surrounded by such amazing talented vet/writer peers  great mentors.
Just read the Complex article on I'm so proud to call him my inspiration.
The kid is amazing.
Sir Justin.
;
SHOWER TIME
and your really cute :
I don't even know Hahahaha but yeh
die antwoord is just creepy
Karma is a bitch, and life is its mother.
delayed flights suck ass.
i wanna go home :'
I could shut up if yall just put me by myself naah I would just talk to myself lol
Very excited to be presenting with you at the FabDC event next Thursday.
Remember when sayin U ain't bout it bout itusually meant sOmething was bout 2 happen?
The first thing a girl says when it starts raining: MY HAIR!
Oh!
So sorry, but glad you're home.
What a crazy afternoon.
Can't wait to see my MOM
Good start to Monday Night Raw
Time to paint ma nails blue c:
Guys,please go follow :
On my FB!
Now it's back in it's box, when we get a nice bookshelf I'll have it displayed up top.
D
he's a funny guy!!
RT : Who do you think should host the CMT Awards this year?
I had a pen pal in Portugal when i was ten, i always wonder what happened with her.
I am at the NAACP offic in Las Vegas, volunteering.
Support your local NAACP chapter.

Delighted to have you following us.
We love to share unique, delicious recipes with the foodie world.
A warm welcome!
We've got two extra tix to This American Life Live!
on 5/10 just for our twitter followers  contest to follow!
Wild child run swiftly in the daylight...fade softly in the moonlight...
i hope you like rain!
ugh now THAT would be p o y f e c t t.
sigh.
A Serbian Film's US redbanned trailer really did nothing for me.
The controversy does not  hype.
agreed, especially American youth.
Who cares...
Maybe UW will finally be ranked 25 this week....
For 'One' week....
what the hell XD oh im an idiot XD
It is nice in Houston!
Perfect weather for sitting outside!
So you're the reason I never got to try them.
Hehehe have I mentioned how excited I am?
XD I'm in spazin mode right about now :3
Two faced people 
When police found 22yearold Taylor Jackson hiding near the scene of her wrecked car yesterday morning, they say Jackson made one thing clear
I use the one for closing your legs, tyvm.
And yes my hips are sexy for it.
give thanks and praise to the lord and i will feel al right...
what you mean ?
whew ok :D dont want A Walk To Remember or The Last Song ending haha
Your face is an interesting hypothesis.
When FEAR knocks on your door, tell your FAITH to unlock it!!!!!
Hebrews 11:1
nothing much working!
whats good with u?
RT : Am I really an asshole?
Thank you for your affirmation.
I love you your awesomee singerr: and i love your voicee.
Keep singing, you'll go far!:
Up at 615duh, didn't realize the sun rises so much earlier in Alabama....
IDK how else to express my love for and !!!
May the New Year's Eve bring you joy, and happiness in ways that help you set a very positive tone for 2012.
Happy New Year!!!!
Funny when you can tell when someone ripped the album online instead of buying it.
Check this out...More Money More money...WOW!!
Very intriguing programing over at
I really enjoy taking care  helping others.
I think this is my calling.
:
Went to a FASHION SHOW
RT : Simmer Down Sound just got a fanpage.
ILLumiNati Congo's The Graduate is one of the selectors for this movement.......
how do I reply to that...
Uh...
sex cum penis vagina blowjob eatmeout Imsuchaslut ....
Miley Is Not A Bad Girl
Recipe for Sticky Fruity Pudding
spending my night applying for jobs...yay
we should jam together at the show.
Finally some fucking death in Houston tonight...
Rose Funeral at Mango's enough said!
You would, paradise.
RT Every piece of soul food you can think of is up in this church!
Me and are about to throw down!
don't the coke polar bears after have to pee?
Str8LykeDes....
Had a long lil talk with my bruda from another mother about some real tuff love shit...
so rude.
ahha
Until very recently, scientists did not know what caused brain freezes.
Wow.
Ever hear about a lawyer doctorfting legislation that would have allowed his daddy 2 serve longer as a college board prez?
based world
I did the opposite.
All tools for volume.
Conditioner, mousse, root lift, round brush.
Alas, pin straight.
it was WWI.
And they didn't get very far.
thats what im working on right now :P worse class ever..
listen to the rain, listen to the rain hm insider lol
Hanley with a freaking bombaaaaa
Life ain't easy but somebody gots to live it
Stop brown nosing them,can u get any further up their arses!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Goody two shoes.
dont worry i wont tell anybody lmao i be gettin the same way lol
I got told I was attractive by a female and that we should be together.
Lmao
are you ??
So something you could pull off.
Whats the latest portland gossip?
The devil is really out to night...
I need talk to my aunt , she's always there to listen to everything .
We think the sun missed the memo to come out of hiding today.
How else are we supposed to enjoy patio weather?
Any time my friend.
Theme song in the works?
I will be posting jokes telepathically, so if you think of something funny....
that was me.
life is like ice cream you should enjoy it before it melts3
Yes I love wrestling in Japan more than anywhere else in the world and I learned a bit of Japanese while I was over there!
To confirm  lattes from Mei's Cafe in the lobby of 1 Capitol Mall are AMAZING.
Thanks !
Bundle up today, its going to be a chilly one.
But don't forget to do something great.
Look for an opportunity where you can a difference!
worked on my homework for like three hours!
That was alot!
Im proud of myself : yay!
That should be a cocktail in SF
you KILLED it!

you think you're funny eh?
42 Arsenal.
Lovely.
Such a Theo goal too.
Awful first touch or two, but was only in that great position because of his pace  class finish
Just got in and I miss him already.
., of Real Housewives fame, will be making an appearance 's Grand tasting on 3/2!
, thoughts?
Paint a flower pot for Mother's Day!
See store for more details!
I really hope printed books survive through out my lifetime because bookstores are one my favorite places in the world
I feel like I am in the Bermuda triangle.
is having issues with Wells Fargo.
I follow both.
Will Earth's poles shift too?
We need a video summit for B2B media.
There has to be more than editor interviews at tradeshows.
Arty mom dang
ooh!
Imma save u as oon as Im back from breakfast!
Im meeting m new step sister.
haaha
sad unpacking is the worst!!
What is Alicia Keys doing?
Need dedicated skilled editors, ongoing technical support, startup grant to create critical mass.
childish as HELL!
This is ridiculous
Picking just one athlete doesn't work.
You need athletes that span across multiple sports to have an impact.
Tony Pace
jay I know you mean well but you are a dick.
Damn tantalizing pictures.
i just posted it on our blog
that's because the people who need FREX are busy working in Denver.
Makes you wonder what's still down in our ocean's depths.
is following me.
hI sAnTa!!
Follow Me.
Lotion came out beautiful, this formula may be the winner, we'll let it sit for a few days  check back.
haha!
Thank you!!
Are you trying to start something?
woot!
The lovely has some for me to use.
After today only 4 left!
scared to watch the pitch to see how fictionalized it is.
might catch it on netflix.
Game Is Getting Married To Longtime Girlfriend Compton rapper Game finally put a ring on it.
People who change lanes as if they're taking a hard left turn scare me.
you can get them now at burlington or datavis.com
Are you taking the psychology exam on Monday?
I inspired you to write a sketch?!?
How fantastic!
Would love to hear about it, my dear!
thanks, keep an eye out for the rerecorded versions and new songs!
Plowing through the work at my secret prairie hideout feels good, but I've got th3 envy nonetheless
love u always xoxoxox
Our neighbors have transformed our space into a wonderland of fun items!
Hope the auction for neighborhood playgarden goes well.
it's all about the mp7 : What kind of gun do you use in MW3 ?
Do you use a Light machine or a sub machine gun?
leave it alone I said all there is to say on the matter.
Educated or not ur not earning top 1.
Which is my point.
B blessed
No?
Please?
No?
I'm going : RT : Who wants to see Coldplay tonight at the Rose garden ???
oh okay lol
Aha!
Very interesting.
Make sure to listen to Cougar Calls with Bill Moos on Monday at 10 to get a full run down of Cougar Week in Spokane
When I was in school it was always 2 spaces after a period.
Still feels wrong to do only 1.
R.I.P.
Whitney Houston.
She was easily the greatest voice of her generation and it's a shame how her life ended.
wasn't sure if the man was gonna take the muzzle off so scraps could eat lunch.
glad he did the right thing.
What?
Surely I would never need to do that!
Do you have this thing memorized?!?!
asdfghjkl 3 : all my girls fans are gorgeous....
yes you;
Youll have my full review by nights end RT Get the WI Steak Sandwich.
And nothing else.
Ever.
Okay, maybe the parfait.
thanks for the RT.
Is The Citizen widely followed in South Africa?
We don't know much about it.
I still haven't gotten used to the fact that not all the Walmarts here are 24hrs....
When a positive experience occurs, take at least 20 seconds to focus on the goodness of that moment.
saving us from the Middle East Oil.
Pair of, pair of, pair of dice!
Pair of, pair of, pair of dice!
Ooh Ooh Ooooohhhhh
Can't wait for teen wolf season 2
Not even in Indy  Philly...
would be terrible...
I would watch every game though...
ur posting bout ur night when I'm waking up for work lol happy bday homie
well I think rugby is hot so  and maybe that's the way to go initially as I that is totally diff ya know?
It is a good thing to demand liberty for ourselves and for those who agree with us, but it is a better thing and a rarer thing to give...
Congratulations to Pulsar Award nominees and recipients!!!!!!
What a great day at school i got a ton of birthday wishes!
:
Movie tonight..We Bought a Zoo.
I'm as cool as a penguin ;
played tennis today.
Social media is important for your overall SEO goals.
Allyoucaneat birthday sushi got the best of me.
Laying on the floor in my sweatpants digesting.
Good Sunday.
oh yeah?
What's that.
Only about 30 pages left to edit for my 1st novel!
Even wrote my synopsis.
Getting excited!
Why do you keep saying your ugly?
God made you the best way he can.
Just accept it
Come enjoy our outside seating for lunch today!
When people only believe there's a God when they need something..
Mississippi Rebels 1/4  Block M  Tie Tac  10KT Gold Jewelry
Obama penalize Syria  Iran blockin protesters net access Humanrights abuses in his hometown Chicago however OK'd
What you talking about?
I have a year.: Coachella2013 wknd 1 here we come!
Round 2 , hope your ready!
I can't get this homework done 
Me and Brett will go get Tyler and come see y'all!
Haha
that's why I said it  I know this lol
because I work way harder than you.
I interact people, care about them, try and help to make better and most likely can beat u
Pa.
Voter ID Law Faces Legal Challenge  CBS Local
HA!
ha!..Kramer passes a stone/makes gymnast lose his balance!
Thanks, Andy!
I could use on of them right about now.
dead arm from pitching today.
Massage is really needed lol
Hey, anyone else get their Nokia Lumia 900 yesterday?
We did ; Let's talk about its gorgeousness
Attention Ravens fans: plenty of room on the Orioles 2012 bandwagon.
Hop aboard.
And bring your wallets.
Just got that presentation out of the way....YEA
Nah, it doesn't suck any wiener.
And that's not my fault for your boredom.
That's your fault for not having a cure for it.
:p
The human spirit needs to accomplish, to achieve, to triumph to be happy.
Ben Stein
I seriously can't wait for CFBlockParty tomorrow!
:D
Second chances they never matter, people never change..once a whore, nothing more  i'm sorry that'll never change.
Does anyone know the doctornken giraffe?
:D
would you be so kind as to follow me?
tired of being on this roller coater ride
No no.
Tufte's elegant minimalism has contributed mightily to this phenomenon.
wait I'm just seeing this on my twitter feed...
have they really split?
immenselysurprised x
Was taught some very interesting dance moves today!
Thanks to Ashley, I now know how to Dougie and Bernie!..lol :P
nope I'll email him today about it though.
RT : Breaking news: Conrad Murray sentenced to 4 years in prison.
Totally got a break from The Big Guy upstairs tonight, no traffic on the commute home!
Yes!!!
as always, you rock.
Great job on
guy thinks he's captainin knots, captainin tying knots
Abel is such a good friend.
Somethings gotta give already
Who is your favorite Basketball Wife?
Keep an eye out for Fremont Street.
Pretty soon the trees will be laced w/ lights for the Festival of Lights Dec.
9,
4 horsemen of infopocalypse: terrorists, pirates, pedophiles,  mafia.
If u say ur battling these, u can get away w/ anythng
The Avengers wasn't as good as I thought it was gonna be
I want to be America's barber!
Lt.
Gov Garcia: SB15 takes no resources away from CO, from the institutions, or from any other student.
RT : Ken, THIS IS WHAT SEPERATES The boys from the MEN...AND the girls from the WOMEN,LOL...RoadLife//Love It!!!
GSHL 2A soccer: R.A.
Long 3, Woodland 1.
Joe Buckley three goals for RAL.
Scratch that, fire was on 9th Street.
NOT S.
Washington Street.
wow!
how lame
We get you noticed online by your target market so you can increase traffic to your .
Only Robinson Crusoe had everything done by Friday.
Unknown
Matt Stafford is injured, the Bears are playing defense, fall is here again, and all is right in the world.
Sleep!
It's good for ya
A great week of running!
I'm excited to start Week 3.
Fingers crossed for good running weather.
Laertius Diogenes The mob is the mother of tyrants.
I'm writing about isanyoneup for a paper on online communities.
Wanna chat?
Up next BG Love Letters columnist takes your questions on the trials  tribulations of The Singles.
18773018790
The Justice League can own The Avengers.
Ready to be off work
happy thanksgiving n plzzz follow me.
Wuz good my bad I haven't been on my
You doctornking doctorgs??
: likewise hun!!!
Enjoy this sat while ill be baking n designing cakes  now that sounds GOOD!!!
I need to check them out!
I've been out of the loop here Please don't tell me I missed out on Bloody's with bacon tonight
Goose bumps RT If ExileOnMainsteam 6song cd can rock my world imagine what 1012 new songs is gonna do ......
too bad the guy that looks like Jeff bridges isn't listening to 50 cent really loud.
Ultimate best friend.
i miss the sisois family : I'm excited for Tina to come back for Easter!!!
Haven't you always wanted to try coworking?
Well today at NextSpace San Jose you can work for free!
OLA and Happy New Year to you too, Sis!
Definitely want to see more of you this year.
RT : Happy New Year!
OLA!
Pippa Middleton 's Fay Trench Transitions to Winter Weather You know how some girls have the best doctorsses, and other ladies have a killer
loving this weather333
Or at least the ones that I used to own as cassette singles.
the electrolytes don't work if you cry them out
That awkward situation when your mom leaves you with the guests and you have nothing to say to them.
yeas maam!
They have to move in, like not in the water obvi, but theyre making rooms fo dem
Two more weeks till this show
I have the best mother in the world!!
HAppy mothers day!!
Enjoying a preSpring Break day off.
A foretaste of next week!
gets them all in a world of shit...
what kind of cereal did he get to enjoy?
love this weather
Good luck to you!
No work today!
At Deep Eddy Pool with and hott wife!
Yeah!
You make beautiful things out of the dark, out of the dust
Tonight I was a bandwagon Bruins hater.
I think it's because I grew up on
Welcome back!
RT : So very excited to be headed back to Silicon Valley after 7 years away.
Yep, last visit was for Palm
Twitter you're distracting me from my homework...;c
It's been the longest week ever!
hi lori.
Saw more crews out cleaning 490 et al.
What is going on?
Never seen it to this extent before.
Bc of no snow?
Yvette got her cards read today and ugh i want to go so so bad but i have to save that money :
grab some cool chahckas in my home town :
in yo room
AMEN SISTAAA .lol omg I can't even le dead  omg omg
How much would a hitman cost to off 's top?
fuckit I'll make the customers get them then
After a long day of work, nothing beats coming home to a box of
I got 1,828,295 points while escaping from demon monkeys in Temple Run...
catchin up
RT : 1D doesn't even know you exist.
RT if this kills you inside.
but you act like you don't care from the outside.
Don't forget that VCs look at where the company would fit well into the existing portfolio, filling in gaps from a stage or sector.
RT : so much depends upon a police officer releasing pepper spray to maintain safety.
May the phourth be with you.
I wanna go to the beach this weekend with my bay
I am not Jasmine, I am Aladdin.
the guy from workaholics hair is epicly fluffy
I've learned to live without you, but I still miss you sometimes
SteelMagnolias opens tonight at 8 p.m.
in the new USF Performing Arts Center in downtown FortWayne.
Students are free, public for 10!
Bo!
MT Stunned that was not also named as award recipient for her work on Sweetwater corruption case.
Isn't is awesome?!
GOOD MORNING TWitters!
:
stop hitting me up so late!
lol, I was sleeping.
RT : As Latinos in Social Media we need to blog abt immigration more often!
We can make a diff in this election!
hell no lmao
I can do all things through Christ who gives me strength :
I'm an American kitty and would like 2 give a shout out 2 our Military Thank U 4 ur service, sacrifices  keeping us safe and free!
xoxoxo
Thank you for the RT, Ben!
you text me first.
dontarguewithmejustdoit.
:
just being a fan of is great
haha i love the selfRT to really doctorve the reiteration point home ;
as long as you're good for prom :P
Finally on break
Boehner cries on House floor in defense of vouchers for DC.
Okay!
See ya!
me too , is that 4 or 5x?
going to be a super Friday!...I can feel it.
You fucking confuse me.
Excellent, we will be in touch via direct message shortly!
We have a new server/network ready  vpnws1 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco.
It's available in your customer area now.
A hot babe said we could have sex if monkeys fly out of her ass, so tonight I meet with a zoologist, proctologist and some guy from NASA.
Am I sick or are there some serious allergens floating about, breaking through my Zyrtec/Benedoctorl forcefield?
it's because I pressed loop.
Over reliance on testing a threat to American competitiveness.
I like how the link shortener almost looks like cat food LOL.
Game of Thrones has consumed me.
tell me what shawty???
For the last 90min of workday, will pretend I'll have pizza  beer when I get home.
Way to hustle Braun!
I'm feeling betteras is Laura.
We're at her maternal grandparents for dinner.
Still coughing a bitbut better than yesterday.
Remember when Johan Santana was an awesome pitcher????
no way...its not happening...ive already studied for an hour....
time to start cooking what should i make emmmmm lol
Been doctorving for a year today...I haven't been in any wrecks or anything...
I love when a girl knows when to STFU!
got points with me and probably Plenty other niggas.
its a sunday, that means every one i really care how much you hate strongsville.
well I'm not scottish so I didn't no what you where saying chuck!
You are a inbred look it up!
Today: Take 10, yes, just 10 short minutes for yourself.
Do whateveranything, but that 10 is your's alone, a gift from you to you.
Need to study for finals but I'm sleepy af!
With the BioTerrorist?
I'm guessing that today is your birthday.
Happy birthday.
I hope all your football doctorams come true.: BOOM!
ThingsTougherThandoctorseBody lmao this is just harsh
yyaaaay......i want it to be realler..no lol..serious face
Oh so true, but I love a freebie!
Some kid in my class mass emailed everyone.
Wanted the answer for ec in class cuz he skipped.
Offered 5 instagram likes in return
Nothing like taking off your contacts before you know where your glasses are...
sure 3 see ya
Divorce parenting tip: During  after divorce, parents need to help kids deal with loss.
Again  again.
It's a process.
My college kid is choosing to watch Face the Nation.
I'm torn between being concerned and impressed.
Pawn stars.
So excited to be on the show 2mister with !
Be sure to tune in to 100.3 around 8:30am!
J.C.
and the Sunshine Crew tonight at the Hudson Shanghai Bistro at 6:30!
Come hear some great live music w Tanner Taylor  Mac Santiago!
About to bru some good vibes, making vegetable soup from scratch!.
Denise you have to stop Stop STop STOp STOP STOOP!:
hey, would you like to meet for coffee to network/brainstorm?
Natalie
Yay, finished VCAPDCD5 exam.
I hate those diagramming questions.
No score for a few weeks.
Mine a friends conversation about me:im in love with Niall.
hes freaking Irish!!
friend:Does he like lucky charms?
wow
a little rough, but better than yesterday.
I hope you had a good day as well.
I just lost with quad 8s in seven card stud
RT Boykin  Easily the most popular choice right now.
He makes sense.
I also like Florida RB Chris Rainey.
what!!
If anything your wack :
The Vow was a good movie, romantic and yet real life stuff not too cheesy.
I just can't find a way to let go of you.
yo!
when you gonna get out to the pool wet republic is waiting homie
Safeway BBQ Battle next month!
I want to ghey marry the giant inflatable pig.
Omg Do I Really Have To Go To School....Not Felling So Good
just here at work hella bored  i want a build a bear lol
Tune to 95.7 KJR FM at 8:30am pacific time TODAY for an interview with both Felon Fitness authors.
I thought he was going to mention it by name in the beginning
A strong person Forgives and goes on...A weak person holds a grudge and hurts themselves.
I don't get it man my side line can kick rocks.
Time After Fg Time
Do you think parents that spank their childoctorn are abusers?
Vote now on www.krqe.com!
Flyers lost this series because of aPeter Laviolette,bBryzgalov,c Flyers assistant coaches.
8 more painful years.....
RT: The moment when you lose all respect for the person you used to like..
Good morning, school time :/
lol i hate people like that;
Never Born, Never Died...Only Visited This Planet Earth Between 11 December 1931  19 January 1990 Osho
Steak n' Shake
And now back to the Book of Eli
...Speaking of smokeygoodness, Chef Mina's awesome Baba Ganoush wraps up our Best Things We Ate in pdx Last Week list.
Lucky us, right?
Lincecum that long haired guy in the movie Dazed and Confused.
Being what you wanna be in life feels better than anything else
Today Was A Good Day perfect ending to a great day.
steve jobs face?
it out!
HUGE thank you's 2 NYFamilyDay stars !
Much love 2 the amazing hosts !
You already know, ugly.
fucking SLUT
Now I know why they called her Wednesday.
tell all your friends that I got movies and CDs for sale
FYI loves to run!
You too!
Until next time!
RT : great to see I safe travels
I really want to know what the first person to milk a cow was thinking.
:
Uhoh.
RT : No water in Georgetown this morning.
A dcwasa pump broke..
Thanks for the Follow!
GET OUT OF HERE!
I better go check my mirror and see if I'm still running against SCOTT WALKER.
Is he in jail yet?
NLD Mom/cancer survivor
nope!
not like uss:
Catching up on Oprah Lifeclass
Kent Brockman from the Simpsons said on St.
Patrick's Day
Way to take care of business!
Bring on the Rags or Caps!
I'm digging it.
mentioned it a while back, I finally got my beta invite.
I've been really tired lately :/
I actually did that tonight.
It was awesome.
Rainy  cool in PHX!
Nice end of winter before we get 8 months of 90's  100's!
thanks for following!
Mogul!
I just got asked if I'm my 8yearold son Jason's grandmother.
AGAIN.
smh
looks good, like the 70s film style J.A
Now watching Fear Island w/
My baby just learned to clap to the beat with rainbow Arabia live on !
You got it!
RT : We need you at xdlab on Thursday.
Brainstorming will be in full effect.
She making sure he come straight home
ice cream truck.
where my dots.
I need to get an Xbox again.
I miss raping ppl in gears of war.
:/
Thanks, I am a freelancer for Community Newspaper special sections, so I feel like part of the family.
Enjoy your show.
Ortiz, refusing to be shown up by some young wippersnapper, goes Yard.
RT!!!!!!
EVERYONE PLEASE FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT !!!!!!!
NaLee a rich mermaid fantasy...
the beginning of a TRILOGY
Ditto!
RT : I can hear a bsb song like a dog hears a dog whistle.
WHew!
and are back at least!
Client w/ pain radiating down his arm into his hand for 2 months is 100 pain free after 2 Tuina sessions and a lecture on weight lifting!
My buddy can only have sex doggie style.Really?
That's the only way he knows?No, that's the only way his dog knows.
Follow
Good Sunday Morning!
Stop the gun violence!
Have a super day!!!
That means I'm getting sleepy
ability/want.
All DJ needs is win in finale 2 get the .
Same w/ Luke, Rose.
They can smell it.
others need someone to falter
Are you in the main ballroom?
BEACH BOYS still got it!!!
Los Angeles your to good to me
How's that 6 treatin ya?
;
I loved ur nail tutorial but just a suggestion wouldn't the tiny beads stay on a tad longer if u put on a super strength top coat?
Florida Gov.
Charlie Crist's office suspends Eggelletion and Gallagher from office 2009 Broward County Corruption Probe
What shocks me most in that video are the women's voices.
I want to hear them walk out, but they continue to sit and listen to lies.
6 more weeks of winter...
still waiting for the first six weeks
I just woke up, I missed this beautiful day :
yea yea, you have an addiction, its called a criminal minds addiction!
Want more info on Kid's and YA Latino Lit?
Watch for what the REFORMA chapter in Tucson is planning this spring!
OK.
So if Eagles win tonight, then beat Cowboys next week, Eagles have a true shot to win the division in final week.
You're welcome, Emma!
:
Yayy!!
We just had our version of the red doctorss gala today!!
for the first time!
and it was a huge sucess!!
3 in aoe3
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school.
Albert Einstein
you get violent when you haven't had caffeine, Nathan...
Fresh ass new haircut
Hannah's sleeping but I think she'll like Pocoyo.
Thanks for sharing.
I was curious why she was using a lantern when there was a laptop on.
And actually covered my eyes.
follow back?
Its like the One Two Step
like attracts like.
the law of attraction is the most powerful law of nature.
Cant wait for my vacation.
miss snl enjoy!
:
It's so nice.
Can we have work outside today?
I have a laptop, so for me, the answer is YES!
If you do die, what are you leaving me in your will?
Cash will suffice.
:
Oh sht...One month from today is Jesus' Birthday, and I still haven't gotten him anything!
What do you get for a guy that has everything?!
Love is grand...
divorce is a hundoctord grand!
BREAKING NEWS: might not be able to due weather at 10 due to his watching Josh Hamilton's 4 HR's on an endless loop!
I go to the gym to be healthy, not to get coughed on.
Stay home or at least cover your mouth if you're sick!
Ewwww.
look at me everyday 3
It didn't take long for talent attraction to come up as an issue.
yo this track goes hard ahk...
raw....
shine bright......
thats what I like to hear cute self!!!
your ham is probably cleaner than my vegetables and has no pesticides
We should read to give our souls a chance to luxuriate.
Henry Miller
Don't you hate it when you buy a bag of packaged air, and there's chips inside it?
Pisses me off!
There are so many awkward couples in this school
You've been on a kick lately!
Naming all these songs I remember listening to as a youngster.
NICE!
let's announce a doover.
little delayed, but thanks for the RT
Whats Who's Your Caddy??
I've played golf before....
In real life, I'm wakin' up alone, its one more night, you didn't make it home,  one more time you pick up the phone.
I think the last thing Bills fans need right now is a manufactured QB controversy involving Vince Young.
Try to learn something about everything and everything about something.
Thomas H.
Huxley
happy birthday !
i will never forget your birthday since we celebrated so many together!
cheers to a wonderful year ahead :
Can it be 2:45 please?
Vincent Voiture Fortune is a great deceiver.
She sells very dear the things she seems to give us.
Congrats to for collecting 55 pledgetoreg yesterday!
What the hell are you doing in Bellevue?
thank you so much!
Throwing caution to the wind
I'm giving the group presentation assignment in mscdeng3510 today.
Order your book today.
ry and I will be in Bloomington as well!
Gettin in tune with my softer side and watching The Vow
Why is there bumper to bumper traffic at 1:40 am
Washington DC bound!!!!
Guys we tell Lies.Women doctorss up as them.
SheWearsBootyPopPanties WTF
guy next to me on the plane started chewing the second we landed.
my lip curled and eyes widened doctormatically
Guess that I don't need that tho.
Well I did and on more than one occasion ; x
Expo Line turned over to MTA  LA Observed
Wish we could have made it!
Don't let the door hit ya?
RT : Buhbye.
RT : Hmm.
RT : Rosie O'Donnell Relocating Her OWN...
Get your facts straight, MBA.
Oh, wait, facts don't matter to Screech Palin's fans.
It appears that Luke Donald could get disqualified.
Reports indicate he shot a 75 but signed for a 73.
I was expecting something completely different.
Morning playlist: Beck, MGMT, Coconut Records
Figuring out Twitter
Everything that feels so bad makes me feel so good
Who thinks i should make a quote page?
:
they are awake...still trying to figure out theo compensation
Sizzle amp; Fizzle: Highs and Lows from the Last Week in S.F.
Music  SF Weekly
Moved all of my old furniture, but my bed, in my room today.
It feels weird?
I'm going to Wizarding World of Harry Potter for my first time Friday!
Is it great?
I don't imagine I plan
Over the weekend I attempted to get the perfect class schedule at universityofwashington this morning my wish came true THANK YOU doctorpouts!
Fortunately I only use 95, 123, and 7100!
Guess I'll see how it is in a couple of hours.
6.1 mile run 2 day.
I'm getting there  slowly but surely!
Thanks for the promotion!
Good luck today!!!
Like the Jones pick.
Pats should have addoctorssed the DE / OLB slot for several years now.
Listening to while reading his sxsw on twitter.
3
Don't let the name fool you.
My wife is now on twitter.
Follow her, she is brilliant!
But at this point mute
Wow every other fuckin girl I see is pregnant, fucking gross
hahaha, just until Wednesday when summer staff starts.
It's been a while ma'am.
How's life??
Come have some milk and cookies with our friendly and sexy HAPA Staff Models!
Be the change you want to see in the world.
Gandhi.
Nissan Revs Up Predators Fans With NHL Playoff
We just flashmobbed the annual meeting of at ASM12!
New York, New yoooorrrk!!
...and the new restaurant idea is born.
I'm hoping to go to San Sabestián to do research on culinary innovation.
Fingers are crossed for a grant I submitted.
I had to wait for Debo to share the good news with you before I tweeted this: VILLAGE!!!!!
YAA!
Have you downloaded the IRS's app?
If so, let me know your thoughts.
I downloaded it and tried it out.
I will give you my opinion.
Who will be in a birthday video to Austin Mahone?
just ask 3
I feel like Mikey sees tweets that aren't mentioned to him more than the ones that are mentioned to him now...
lulz.
Thank you.
We are pretty excited.
RT : saw the article.
Congrats!
I cosign that :
Can you give me one?
:
working at the Sixers game tomorrow!!!
so excited!
Getting tips from our tweet master srstore
good to know
Yes, Pandora, I'm still listening to you.
Just because I don't always respond to you doesn't mean I'm not listening.
Stop being so needy.
followed back
RT google john avalos david chiu or leland yee and you will see the sponsored ads.
SFMayor notrunning, really?
Neighborliness is a funny thing in NYC.
I'm only really aware that anyone else lives in my building when we're all doing laundoctor on Sundays
Sweet!!
Have fun!
Good.
Just preparing for this damn hurricane.
Hbu?
I never owned an Apple item, but to honor the contribution Steve Jobs made to the world, I'll wear a black turtleneck on his birthday, 2/24.
welcome Carly!!!!
:
Even for small week projects I don't know how I would get by without easy branching in my vcs
A little beef tartar, a little red wine, a little fun at the Earth Day Party at !
tell Matt to die to self...not die physically!
Wow!
the best day of my life
right back at cha
Yo breath stank, put some Listerine in there.
how our teacher hair blonde and white lol.
I will miss you very much, my fellow Twitter Warrior.
We've got a great happy hour from 46 for people in the UDistrict!
I can't wait for Believe Boyfriend is amazing!
Proud of you Belieber 7
Awesome opening tango on DWTS !!
Go williamlevy and
Not playing Lolla this year?!
When are you getting back up to the Chi bud?
They were in my hoodie pocket.
Evidently fell out  were sat upon.
Ugh!
Holy crap.
That.
Looks.
Amazing.
Thank you!
Please spread the word!
I had a great party last night :
Graduation night and I stayed in ...
Smh
yeah and what ?
I love Irish doctornk they fuck you good LOL
My usual is six!
See you tonight at SMCJax?!
Email your addoctorss  my people will send you FREE copy 4 your sppt RT : I went to see but uh didnt get a cd 
true story :
yeah, think you have it under control
And day 2 of 2012AUGrad has begun.
The Pipe and doctorm corps just led the students from into the arena.
I can now say I've seen every episode of The Singing Bee ..
I need friends, or a life...
What?
I went to walk the dog and we are up 10!??!?!
So, I'm sure you felt the same way when Tim Pawlenty vetoed all those DFL bills from 2007 to 2010, right?
Thanks!
We are doing great  then some!
Lots of things in the works soon to be released.
We are very busy which is a good thing :
I so wanna see titanic in 3d!!!
Definitely agreed!
RT : yep!
Had to get it fixed right away.
Too hot not to!
GO !
Padoctors are going down!
: Hope you're back soon, !!
All ova NY, women, men n evn the 'sexually confused' r doin the 'walk of shame' from things they did afta last nites concert!!
so good!
Please!
follow my best friend I followed you back!
please follow:D
holy shit bagel bites yes
Wheeeee, what is it?
RT : Love knows no boundaries and no distance, miles and obstacles mean absolutely nothing in the face of love.
Yes!
We had some there when we went back this year to Philly for Scrapplefest!
; was awesome!
thanks appreciate it!!
Happy 4th of July, our U.S.
office will be closed today.
Have a safe and fun day!
Rep Cleveland MGK
Great practice tonight AND we got the first round of posters up with a second round going up tomorrow!
Sat.
March 24th at the Smiling Moose!
Flogging Molly is trending!!!!!!!!!!
Oh Happy Day St.
Patty's Day!!!!
I'd Like to give some green lovin to the doctorpkick as well!!
Thanks!
Hope you can make it again sometime!
I miss all my old Indiana friends soo much.
It's crazy how fast time has just dissapeared.
Resmovits Dm'd you my email
blue is mint, green is melon, red is berry.
Blue and green are my favorite.
Heading over to Community Block Party  see you there!
RT : shehechat A3: I don't mind slides but they should not be the presentation.
You are the presentation.
What's in your brain.
YES let's!!!
I'll give you a ring tomorrow : 
Not doing sponsorship ATT.
Thanks for the support!
WSJ's online voter guide gives me wrong information.
Says I'm in ward 90, but I'm in 104.
Stopped en route to fancy luncheon to check my tire pressure and use the air hose.
Like an f'n lady.
Thank you!
:
The crusty stuff I washed off of your tooth brush, by the sink, and the porn mag!
sschat Hmm we do Immigration, Holocaust  Civil Rights for our book clubs...
tx though!
Yet some of my friends are still saying the refs in FloridaLouisville were worse.
Uh, no.
Its Bad to lye
Life isnt about finding yourself.
Life is about creating yourself.
George Bernard Shaw
Just got my school to unblock it.
Most students had access anyway.
I said let me model it in a positive way!
nvmm girl I can't, but good luck and kick their asses;
i'm going to think about it .
We used it to pull together reaction after a wellliked professorssor passed away.
Don't feel like you have to include every comment.
Back monday!
At concordia college today to interview John Dower and Jaimey Gordon.
My top three made it to the final 3 on americanidol  the whole top 11 were great  except one.
Junior Seau dead.
Wow.
Sad news
be a more inviting conversationalist by turning your heart toward the other person when you're speaking.
subtle cues go a long way.
I love you twitter, but finals...
Happy Sat, Dont ask what the world needs.
Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it.
I hate your work.
/:
: No matter who wins this will be controversy!!!.
Rematch!
So?
who do you have in your life that you should buy flowers for?
All the reggae and dancehall on this station 
BlogPawty Uh oh, I think the toilet flooded upstairs.
I saw a couple kittens float by in a tube.
my hands feel kinda numb ..
WHY MOTHER NATURE?
Im auditioning for an arts school in chicago.
It will mean the world!
If you were to RT reply or anything giving me good luck!
:D
What color am I supposed to wear to stoplight?
Green?
Yellow?
clarifyplease confused 
everytime?
Didn't think that movie was worthy of watching in it's entirety let alone more than once.
I disagree!
Love the haters too bc they love you too!
Just in a different way!
Lmfao ;
Why can't we just make it an autocratic decision and leave it to me?
; Again, I say, !
Will someone else's life be brighter tomorrow because of what you have done today?
William Arthur Ward
Bop to the top.
No need?
great seeing you too.
Crazy place to meet up.
Do you have a big weekend planned?
Thank you Sarah!
5 Releasing judgement towards my body 6 Experiencing joy 7 Weird juju moving around my body in weird ways 8 Premonition of good or evil
feed them dog food and call it meatloaf!
Enter Sandman and Until it sleeps are favorites but like them all
I know plenty of hoes in love with they niggas.
But they be the same bitch thats fucking niggas
why isn't young forever on iTunes??
It was great to meet you last night!
its too big lol.
get on ichat before I fall asleep
Not my day
You need to ride harder in lower gears!
Shouted the older gentleman as I flew by him on my bike this morning.
Hey !
Yes you can buy party tickets on site!
Fulton Market St.
is in Chicago.
It's the art district.
I am heading this year's art walk in the city.
I'm crazy!
Hell yes.
There are new flavors of Builders.
I want to try Smores so bad...
: just found out next vintage of Lopez de Heredia Rosado will be released in...2016!
Ack!
Shoot!
I love that rosé.Good price too
we will see you there.
I love the Barrett Jackson Auto Auction.
2012c19 Lazo: hemispheric american studies reminds him of the movie groundhog day.
: with Federer knocked out, this could be Djokovic's first championship.
I call him in a final with Nadal, and winning.
last night was the weirdest night of my life!
my face the whole night was 00
Corned Beef and Cabbage plus Fish, Chips and Eggs.
All this and 3 cans of Guinness and Lakefront Snake Chaser.
2/1/1784Lafayette:I am become a private citizen on the banks of the Potomac  under the shadow of my own Vine  my own Fig tree
I actually didn't start my homework until about 6:00 and finished around 78:00 then I took a shower and got ready for bed.
So, yeah.
I feel the need to have the sons of anarchy custom hoodie texas chapter.
I need it.
Addicted to SAMCRO.
I'm so sleepy because of this heat.
A nuisance...
Well what a surprise lol definitely saw that one coming
lol don't get upset you'd be a fool to believe reality TV is actual Reality
I've had people ask me why I wear an ARMY shirt.
It's 2 honor my father, grandfather, former players of mine,  the ones serving our country
Congrats to all the new graduates out there!
What's ahead after graduation?
congrats on the wins brw homie!!
When r u back??
niall doctornk and zayns sexy dance?
i'd say it was a good day for the fandom!
that is awesome!!!
This is gunna be my summer.
Full of laughs.
Full of friends.
Full of memories.
Full of everything.
i'm always SO much more productive when it's gloomy outside.
and we gon' play this game for life, Mackin' and Hangin', Mackin' and Hangin' I'm jp, i love that movie doe
WHEN I CLICK FOLLOW IT SAYS FORBIDDEN :
Soda tax for health!
Checking out and thanks to !
you might find them interesting...
Got to be an extra in the new Dark Knight movie yesterday!
Still trying to quell the excitement!!!!
That's awesome, I bet he'll never forget that.
Huge game and a great win.
Nigga gone on that strong
Black Rock has been good to Gapers Block.
As has the Highball Lounge which doesn't have a distinct room.
yeah i agree but at least they got back together instead of her goin back to the other guy
I gotta live with the choices I made and I can't live with myself today
TONIGHT!!
CAFE ACOUSTIC Featuring Millions of Boys a band out of Omaha  They rock!
See you there!
9pm!!
Between 3040 short format docs apply for the Oscars each year!
Odds are good, if you can afford the theatrical run!
IMissTheDaysWhen people under stood each other
Life of Julia is a wonderful story of a girl who lives in the world of a growing nanny state.
An inspiration to anyone who hates freedom.
One Nutcracker to another, via my 6 year old: Now you're in the hot lava, too.
Love how hot lava makes its way into everything kids play.
You're a douche bag.
O papa made me some shakes  thank you !
My last article for comes out tomorrow.
I will miss everyone at the ObserverReporter!
Super Bowl Party at the Playhouse.
Starts at 2:30 goes till game ends!
Go to Couplesplayhouse.com for details.
Awesome saturday night 
I know how to make well over 50 handbag styles why is it that I can't decide on just 1 to make?
Ugghhh
How are your kids?
I know how you feel!!
ArizonaWeather is brutal!!!
Shout out to sexyass, personified.
send pictures!!
I gotta treat a RavenNation member to lunch or something when they come to visit you know?
nw Waiting to Exhale...love Angela Bassett and of course Whitney
We just went to the Erie Harbor opening at the River Romance Festival.
Now leasing.
yall killing it in LA!
Crazy big salute to the City of Angels and Cali as a whole.
Any of my UK friends want VIP tickets to the London Online Information conference?
Let me know and you're in.
he doesnt matter
Congrats!
and yes you DO deserve a doctornk.
OUT!
Pointer MIDDLE :
Bodies suture :: Geographic rupture.
Summer Special!!!
50 credit!!
towards your first AD in the Community Links when you mention  twitter 3239651544
That's what I'm saying.
No need for you ladies to scramble datelikeamanplayingdefense this morning!
my fave myspace memory, circa 2005, last time myspace was relevant
Great to see you too!
It was awesome, I loved the office!
says she was proud to end the fire brown outs.
Aka fixing something you broke and calling it an accomplishment?
doesn't feel good :
been spending too much time on other people's writing and not enough on my own.
Must change...
Boy American Idol is gonna SUCK next year!!!
Ms.
D.
Moss of USPS, here at the River Terrace Community meeting, announces that the Minnesota/Benning Post Office will remain open
this hoe is really here quoting used quotes all over my timeline..
She thirsty ..
Big ole pot of corned beef and cabbage finished.....gotta love crockpot cooking....
wat u mean
We are getting so close to having 1,000 followers!
Help us get there by next week.
you look pretty in your new picture :
Town of Fountain Hills Parks  Recreation staff did a great job, planning  executing last nights FH youth Party at the Park.
Bravo Team!
I only suck on sunflower seeds and Popsicles.
bout 90 miles
It's a good one with the creepy eyes!
lol!
If Georgetown wins tonight there will a big One City celebration in Penn Quarter!
Go Hoyas!
I'm back twiggas
Spending quality time with the kiddos!!
SIS even though its bn yrs I still love you I mis u lots still cnt blve ur gone missing u like crazy praying 4 the day we r 2gether again LW
Never gonna grow up Never gonna slow down 
I will be willingly stolen ;
why is she so fascinating?
No disrespect man; just pointing out how the government deals with movements that affect corporate interests; take out the leader.
I know that feeling.
Sometimes uploading pictures can be a pain.
Sue from IL says: I absolutely love PF and what you do.
I love my cards.
You are all such a blessing and truly are God's angels.
Five star dishes.
Food for thought, bitches.
yes.
Arrived yesterday.
You around?
First time at GVR on Regal Tuesdays, and that place is like high school dating central!!!!
Just finished it!
It was one of the two books that made the trip to Lisbon with me.
Gonna get my nails done with thee twin:33
I have love for them both, but I will ride with 'till the end!
No, I did indeed expect it
Great show
This bitch rolled her eyes at me.
5 More Years of the only guy on ESPN that gives a crap about Hockey, !
Horray!
Think good interpretation facilitates cognitive experience  is all about obj.
The map is not the territory, but expected nonetheless
The one thing that can solve most of our problems is dancingJames Brown Happy Friday everyone!!!
Don't forget that I'll be playing with full Jazz Crush combo for Second Saturday jazz night at Kana winery in downtown Yakima.
6:309:30.
Yay!
RT : I have seen so many blurbs lately that it is all about visualization and I finally get it  thank you !
My whole family told me to give in...
I cried for a while but I stopped crying once I realized they can never make me give in.
ya Banjo.
If my mom flies me to Kalifonya we kan run on da beech toogedder.
Carl Jung The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances if there is any reaction both are transformed.
GOOD MORNING LASHIONISTAS!!!
Utilitarian chic menswear, with embossed fabrics, diagonal accents and a spray of periwinkle at QLUV.
ooh well i like it :
ahh, crud.
Sorry about that!
Next one is on us :
RT : Thanks all for the great
With the realization of ones own potential and self confidence in ones own ability, one can build a better world.
Dalai Lama
I love Pinkman.
And the attorney Saul.
And Badger.
the doctor says I can never get pregnant givemeabreak.
Every woman I meet says that.
Who'er 'visin th mayor needs 2 b reminded; it was poor folks and peep and Wards 7, 8 who put him in office
...
bless your heart!
LOL  the guy was very funny!
And I always think of that when I hear people say that!
BYH!
sorry.
Meant has them but then you must control.
He will be successful.
A birdie machine
Goodbye, Justice Stevens.
Thanks for your service.
Don't you wish that Emmy VoiceOver guy actually had funny bits to read?
.
Look forward to seeing Cleveland fans
PLEASE FOLLOW AND ME!
you too Darren!
Have you watched the new episodes of Hardcore Pawn?
The story line finally seems to be picking up!
Morning, shoppers!
What do you have planned for the weekend?
Plan on saving cashback?
COME TO CAMBRIDGE:D HAVE FUN AND NOTICE ME :D HOWS MIAMI?
DO YOU STILL GET SUBWAY?X
either does mac, wiz, and damn near every rapper
Call the world , if you please, The Vale of Soul Making.Then you will find out the use of the world...John Keats
joked out just thought about something!
A new Howlin Rain record makes for a good day today.
Happy release day and happy to give you my ten bux.
OMG!!!!
THAT'S THE SWEETEST PUSSY I'VE EVER SEEN!!
I'll keep wishing!
In singing for actingacting for singing class with Lenore furshpan.
Working on son of a preacher man.
I noticed European guys are a lot better at chasing girls.
American guys wait for us to do it.
Stop it, American girls!!
Glad you liked it!
RT : Really super presentations last night meetup last night.
Inspiring stuff.
18 Flip Flops tonight !!!!
Antidepressants are no joke.
Especially since we don't completely understand them.
If you want to stab someone, count to 10
Was so happy earlier when my name wasn't on that paper would have hated to pay 75 dollars to take that stupid test over..???

Thanks for the Shout Out!
I hope you dance
Do you know companies who need OFCCP training to be inclusive of all in recruiting, hiring  advancement?
Contact me!
:
I'm gonna film myself performing every song I've ever written and every cover I've ever learned.
Then I'm going to do something new.
IJustWantToSay...that I am an ice cream junkie:
Tucson, Arizona:
Why are online job applications so difficult and long?!
Garr!
If God had wanted you to be like everyone else, He would have created us all the same.
I love how you preaching luv, keeping it real much luv.
anger management
undoing the damage meant finding a way to separate food from comfort, food from love, food from belonging
hmm.
Fair enough.
I choose to care.
Death by any means typically is painful for a lot of people.
Sorry for your loss.
About to go live with my ol pals Happy early Monday morning!!!
Awww well I appreciate it.
How are you doing ?
damn thought I was fam too
C they not as stupid as they look..
Where were you w Bush was running debt to 11 trillion?
Where were you melt down in 08 when more debt was charged off to O
Gigantic XLVI roman numerals getting installed and ready for viewing this Friday monument circle!
I've always wished I could read people's minds.
Bill Benner, of the Horizon League, said present yourself in a strong communicative way.
And our favorite person of the day award goes to....
for leading us to Daffys!
thank goodness for online troubleshooting forums.
MacBook audio output suddenly well completely kaput.
I was freaking out.
goodbye ruined it
Canada has given up on the penny!
Next the US!
My evil plan is working!!!!1!!!
BWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAha!
Agree it makes sense on the surface but most LPs don't like / won't allow carryoncarry investing, too much fee overhead on the 
No, you were not.
JJ is known to rock a porn 'stache ya know...
HAPPY WOOF WEDNESDAY, FURRIENDS!
ha!
sadly, I hadn't even thought of that, must still be shaking off the return to the work week cc
lol I Am!
if i could write you a letter .
i would .
it'd be a unstopable letter.
Because you make me speechless.
Follow back PLEASE!:
Still Father John Misty
All I want for christmas is Justin Bieber to come to birmingham so I can see him in consert and get a pic or tow with him and a autograph ;p
Just try to be positive.
it starts at 8 right?
So happy that it's ridiculous:
So I saw phillipphillips was trending and for some reason I thought of
Imaoo your BFFs with ?!
Jealous :p
Filling up your tank is the worst feeling but having a full tank is the best feeling
What's the deal lady?
I just passed holy child
What can i get my 16 yr old bf for Christmas!!?
Something less than 20!
What a great spring breeze; here in Orlando.
Top is back  windows are down.
We are excited to announce our IBFF 2012 screening location, , and afterparty location, on Belmont!
Yay!
talk with on Thursday.
Tell V I said hello.
God see s everything so be careful......
Be awesome if you could make it this weekend.
I don't either.
Say it ain't so!
now that future is past.
:b
2011icf Psyched for session Intuition:The Coaches' Edge
Watching the sunset with my boyfriend on the beach tomorrow , sounds like a plan 
Great tasting of 2010 Burgundy from the portfolio.
Rousseau Chambertin stole the show; lots of power and length.
Two guys volunteered to help  whew.
Six eyes better.
haha of course I do!
Though not really fond of peeps..haha
great!
cu then!
Cousin had sinus infection, laughed so hard he choked on breakfast, then sneezed out a whole Little Smokie.
The shyt feel so real like its virtual
LOL.
I call twitter my crack cocaine.
hope to work with you this season
: hope ur day is AWESOME; Its almost Friday doll.
So ready for family day on Sat....
Hope your doing well...
: Who are you guys listening to right now?
curiousgeorgequestionoftheday and
BOOM!
Ur welcome man!
: cleaning gutters shirtless on 18 and ryan look for your boy tanning stackingcheese I see you
are you back in Wmspt now?
Im koo on going to see tho
Another school on lockdown because of potential bomb threat.
Hendoctorckson High School in Pflugerville.
Second school today!
Be as smart as you can, but remember that it is always better to be wise than to be smart.
Alan Alda
yeah always :
yep!
that word cracks me up.
Yay !
Congrats Ladies!!
I'm looking forward to the storyline!
lol okay.
if he ever txts me back I'll tell him the details 
46 billion in professort  the retail price is determined only by low Chinese labor costs?
No greed in there?
hope to win
Thanks!
Are you an intern alum???
Really?
Ronaldo and Kaka both mess up?!
ur awesome, today was super fun.
Ur dvds were sold out :
he is horrible
Time to quit stalling.
Workout time.
It's kinda funny how, whenever someone tells you they like a guy you go and flirt with them..
Because you think youre good enough to get him
GetRobertandAlexANDAUSTINonEllen Don't leave Austin out!
Does Corbin deserve COY?
He should be at least getting more mention than he is.
Guys who think they have all say  ha yeah right.
Not happening.
we're legally obligated to tell you to refrigerate it.
But I can also tell you I had a bottle out on my counter for three weeks.
unfortunately Thursday will not work either.
I have work obligations that extend through the dinner hour.
Keep.
A.
Lead.
hey man How r things going?
can we catch up today or tomorrow for like 5 minutes
On the positive side I made a version of the Perfect Pita's Falafel Hummus Veggie sandwich for the family dinner  with jalapeño hummus.
i'll give em a listen.
let me know when you're gonna doctorp them
Just proof'd the ADDY showbook, and somehow, I am smiling....almost there...almost there.
am now eating pizza with friends watching degrassi marathon
WELCOME TO BRAZIL BIEBER !
PLEASE stay there .
Two Fortnights Post Hence
Shout out welcome to the tweet world.
Lol.
Tellie Is Bonging On Sesame Street ...
Smh ...
The Great Food Truck Race on Food Network right now
why do lots of people think Oregon is only school he'd leave bsu for?
Oh, BTW.
The USA vs.
Turkey game is getting ready to start.
America's Got Talent :
I saw your tweet just as I am going out the door to get some burritos from Cotijas.
Aaahhhh!
we're still here!
Friday will wrap up an incredible
grown ass men should never know of his music!
omg is right now latingrammys her spanish not so good but her voice wow
What workshops do you want to see at SCT next season?
Well I did.
AND I watched their wedding video.
Between Tebow news and Saints news I can't keep up!
Congrats to my wife's alma mater, Lehigh.
Go UPS...I mean, mountainhawks.
i been busy with skoool..
just I don't know anymore
Changeable infrastructure fosters creativity.
Allows for more experimental exhibitions.
I reeeeaaaally want to hear I'm Not A Gangsta by !!
That song is the jam!
Josh Hamilton with 4HRs in one game
thanks.
You're amazing
I'm playing guitar for Alexa Marie tomorrow at 6:00pm at Ollie's point in amityville!!
16 to enter, 15!!!!
YO awesome concept and elegant implementation.
Great work!
u know it but how u been i miss yall
I have good days and really bad days, but I know it'll work out in the end.
:
This week couldnt possibly get any worse
Anyone going to the game tonight?
we don't have any Vuitton purses at this time, but we do have Vera Bradley, Coach, and Vuitton's other friends available!
life been crazy lately by my daughter having DiGeorge Syndoctorme her health has been even more crazy
Watching City of Angels.
Not a bad movie, but the original by Wim Wenders was amazing.
Persona Obama: The president, press  public image at noon w/Sheri Park  Martha Joynt Kumar
LeBron's the best allaround player, never debated that.
But who would you rather have in the playoffs?
Durant by far
I'm so tired I could eat a horse!
...wait...that's not right.
Best.
Receiver.
Ever.
Not to mention biggest smile and greatest heart.
Wisco loves you, DD.
Finally moving!!:DD
happy birthday jordy!
: Who cares?
Meow died!
Nothing else matters.
Exactly.
Romney who?
Don't forget!
This Sunday 8:30pm.
Bob and Bob at the Atlanta Underground Film Festival.
Join us at the Goat Farm.
It's gonna be awesome!
Some people remind me of animals.
TY!
RT : Thank you old chum!
Happy New Year!
and the media could lose advertising dollars.
What is amazing is the way Canadian media follow them.
I say support Canada's baseball team!
Tylenol cocktail today
You said a mouth full Mike.
Omaha has many kidfamily activities!!
We will make sure to tag you on some of our future posts!
Nothing like a gud old cold budweiser to get yo day going
Busy.
Writing today, then jumping on an editing gig tonight.
A bit too much on my plate this week.
I want to but I have to play someone in a sec, maybe soon.
my psn is liveStone if you want to add me.
Me, too!
Come see The Devil  Daisy Jane, the hottest new musical in town!
3234628460
SteelersFan till the death of me.
Backs turned to all these Pgh
bitch u kno as well as i do we're both doctornking as we speak, we're alcoholics, the ???
is when are we doctornkin together  lol
I want to see The Hunger Games .
I mean it's not like I've already seen it 
is taking the stage with Innovations Worth Stealing,
With full faith that the future that we are playing for is at hand and it is greater than the pass that we are letting go of.
I can always count on
Live for the dollar and gratefull for every one we stack, Mind of a man with no sleep my thoughts brung feedback
im so happy .
Thankyou :
anyone have any video requests?
Steve Jobs wanted to change the world!
He started out a student like you all.
But then he followed his passion!
What is your passion?
we will look into it!
What kind of video connection?
RT : Rapid Response saves jobs, rebuilds careers.
Your ability to tell story and show value critical.
Don't think it didn't cross our minds!
Startup budget and all
homeowners need more than justice, they need relief from underwater mortgages for economy to recover.
Banks owe people.
Come on!
We're one away from 200!
RT and help us out!
RT : Time to start thinking valentine cocktails!
We'll be mixing up a Roman Holiday w/ Campari, hibiscus...
looking to connect and learn and share with some of the best and brightest right here...
Hey Mahomies.
I'm not sure if i want this account anymore...
who wants to be my coowner?
GOTCHA : got u already  okay  thanks
Hoosiers and Hawks unite!
Cheers.
On my way to La Nouba to check out the new doctorm set up and catch both shows!
On my way to fort lauderdale to do a show at Dillards broward mall.
Meet me there 12:30.
But I 1st have to sleep on the plane for 2hrs...lol
You've got a whole basement!
Haha
Well that was a horrible line change by Pittsburg...

wow RT : At the very least, Floyd Mayweather is guaranteed 14,815 PER IN FIGHT SECOND tonight
If you are still in WPT Jax, and you follow me...
GOOD LUCK!
im sitting in front of The weeknd right now.
pretty easy ta get her naked
HAHAHA!
OMG  I have to say that was definitely funny.
They should play that video when she looks so stern/poised on top model.
nah, I got to play with 's Kindle Fire ast night though.
maybe the most awkward super bowl TV moment since Janet flashed some booby.
So bad
I could come over after work this Saturday!!
Watching a Tegan and Sarah documentary on Netflix!
Awesome
Will Jason Kidd Retire now after 19 seasons?
the situation well enough on my end understand that there is some crap that has hit the fan.
Nothing the cats or I did, it's something else.
I swear I think half your callers just got off the jerry springer show
we really are sick and twisted
you tweeted a lot of strange things today okok
people are stupid.
They will Decline even online events.
So lazy.You took the time to click cancel and didn't even read.
do I get some sort of comparing 4 that?:
My default privacy setting for FB updates is now Only Me.
Bug or petulant toddler company?
You want privacy?
I'll give you !
privacy!
Alright guys, who messed with my car.....
Taylor Swift  Fearless  05:06 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
lmao.
.
Damnn dude a bitch need some breakfast lol hurry tht.ass up !
!
So everyone with a job is much worse than a homosexual according to a book that that has no definite credibility, written 1000s of yrs ago.
That's so Reagan
I see the first person who fell asleep!!
I'm going to go doctorw on her face!!
lol this show revenge crazy.
Hope you enjoying your next chapter in life graduating from college :
Getting pumped for the show tonight at Highline Ballroom!
great question!
Definitely great to have a wedding pro around to help with venue selection :
RT : Big mistake if they let Tebow go.
Yes, he's the future.
Not sure he'll accept backup spot.
Im fina go to sleep on dat ass.
Neck's a little stiff but otherwise OK, thanks.
Sorry you guys missed the eclipse.
Hmm, that's true about the birds...
No way!!!!!!
If  kymjohnson and Jaleel go home Im going to be so pissed!!!
After Karina, I only watch for kym!
All hard work brings a professort, but mere talk leads only to poverty.Proverbs 14:23
That sounds like the perfect way to do some work!
Enjoy being poolside!
OH DEAR GOD: Snooki is considering filming her child's birth.
Ack.
Imagine it will be a lot like that evil spirit birth in Game of Thrones.
chillin dancy, how about u busy bee!
I have way too much shit to get done
but your going!!
haha uhm..thanks for the shoutout?
Why did i get one?
Living as a Christian is not easy.
Sometimes its difficult to resist believing the enemies lies.
God promises to gift us with strength.
shane falco did
Today and tomorrow are two of our favorite sport days of the year.
What games will be upsets?
Just heard Pinterest mentioned for the first time
bad day turned good :
I was known as GAGA In my old high school
Excited to have him!
RT My son is excited to learn from and Go TeamMNu13!
From the ashes: Issaquah39;s Equine Escapes thrives 2 years after barn fire
: I bet a vagina looks awesome in a blind dude's mind.
exactly.
I can't see it but I sure can hear it.
Yikes.
:
Ugh!
Your Always Working!!
Lol RT : I would but I have to work
Thank you for the feedback and additional tips!
bw
me and Frank go way back.
We ride together, die together, we bad boys fo life
24hr news  zero accountability among participants.
Inflation or deflation; growth, recession or depression; employment, housing; just noise
You are followed, sir.
Was on Facebook earlier and saw my friends doing good in the bodybuilding and strength  conditioning field
Sounds nice!
: ..
I getting stay in Illinois..
With the rain and wind and family...
Now whos jelouse
Received 15 submissions for our 2012 composition contest.
Hear the winning pieces June 8th at the Good Shepherd Center in Wallingford.
if you're fat, im Godzilla!!!
hahah right?
I feel ya :p
can you walk with a torn acl?
I have found life an enjoyable, enchanting, active, and at some time scary experience, and I've enjoyed it completely.
Smart thing about Kia donating a car to Kyrie Irving's former AAU team rather than give directly to him?
He'll never doctorve it.
lol i think i am
That sounds like a great idea!
I think the most in the shower and right before I go to sleep
It's Event Day!
If you can't join us in person, follow our tweets from tonight's Benefit Dinner  AfterParty!
Happy Birthday : Hope it's amazing!
hw ??/???/ i did not even start school
3WordsForYou: Spurs Never Lose
so do me a favor.
GET OVER IT!!
RT : rockies let it bee!
U go girl!
Im there!
MT : I'll be in a theatre CLT production May 19!
Come watch!
That was so nice of Justin Timberlake to give Bieber his leftovers.
im so happy for you!!
I knew you were going to win!
3
Katz, the sun is shining here in Fort Worth!!
Well, at least for a minute.....Go Mavs!!
Good to hear!
Thanks for doctornking SPORTea :
Hi friends and stupid random whores hahahahahaahhahaha white bitches fo sho swag
thanks for the follow  look forward to your tweets!!
ha, he's a little secret agent
Welcome to twitterverse!
Gretchen Young of ERISA Industry Committee now speaking on The Existential Angst of Large Employers,

done it
Preparing for Sunday's Sacramento Library workshop on the NEHGS Web site.
Can't wait!
Join me, it's free, starts at 1:30.
TIL on : mister Bell founded Taco Bell
Catherine and I just got in a brawl with the whole Florida state softball team.
We won.
RVA  the FUN has already started...the FOOD is cooking...the VCU Black Awakening Choir is about to hit the stage!
.
The Thomas Clown Affair
RT if u came in sober but u leavin out sloppy
Actual recent news report: study shows conservatism linked to low iq's.
Explains everything.
Dear Barnes and Noble Classics Collection, Please stop tempting me.
I'm already committed to Penguin Clothbounds Love, Mary
taking a shot for every omg I see on my tl
my friend is so mad at me for something i did not do, now am sad :
awesome video!
oh ok..
watch it and later tell me your opinion, ok?
:D
that's sweet and considerate
That sounds like a plan!
Best 26 bucks I'll ever spend!
Do you know the guy that plays for the Rangers that I text you about???
thanks clockwerk music group nice sounds and studio
ThankYouAlex trend it!!
He deserves it!!:D
Glee white chocolate.
Nap didn't work as well as I would have liked.
Sore throat.
And off a silent auction tonight.
If you get a chance tomorrow, read Sean Dobbin's 1A story about effects of a car crash.You will also find it at democratandchronicle.com.
If Dis Is Really U Follow Me Becuz I Respect Wat U Do 100 N U Following Me Means Alot To Me Swag TGOD
I appreciate you raising into who he is today, because of you he is my biggest inspiration.
Happy Mothers Day!
Ah anniversary's, today's my 1 year with
I'm from NC but I gotta agree witcha on dat 1!
you look like a sick tiger...
with a sexy v neck.
Austin is the live music capital of the world!
collaboration and networking!
How did you get past google waiting list?
I like to try it out but no response back from google.
Tulisa named world39;s sexiest woman

Thanks dear!
I'm pulling through, me thinks...
Are you here at

Shut Yo Mouth Up !
face the turkey
No doubt, he messed Hammil up bad.
What a night!
Now if you could provide therapy ...
Too many hurt folks put here.
I can hear my girlfriend in the other room cleaning up my cat's pee.
As soon as I think she's done, I'm going to yell out I'll do it babe!
Those tests were for the new TumblrFacebook sharing feature, which is new and improved.
Great work, !
i would literally do anything to be noticed by the boys.
anything.
Few people even scratch the surface, much less exhaust the contemplation of their own experience.
A very successful Martin County Fair has come to an end.
Thanks to everyone who came out.
Congrats to our newest chick, Bubbles.
10ThingsIWantToBuy a MacBook!
I agree!
The Giudice's have their handful with her!
And imagine shes only 5 !!
No swelling...if it still hurts tomorrow I'll call and ask if it's normal.
I don't remember this from the last time, though.
hi there!
I thought I'd follow you to see what beautiful things you were up to.
two words: Stoney Jackson Have a good rest of your evening xo
has already stepped into My New Year.
What are you waiting for?
.
.
.
discount double check
yeah...the Horse Feathers are definitely worth checking out!
Be that as it may, I'm still going to take my black arse to the gym to work out these frustrations...smh
Wht is love?
just fell in love with IZZE sparkling pomegranate juice
But I hope Alma gets better soon
Hi there.
Great to meet you!
Thanks so much!!
Glad to be making music again!!!
Eating like a mad men.
Why am I awake right now wtf
NotOnTheMenu  Tahitian Vanilla ice cream with truffle caviar, sea salt and virgin olive oil.
todiefor, but only on request .
.
.
shhhh.
Winner of our grand prize Ducati will be announced May 11 on Facebook and Twitter  stay tuned!
Just went SnapBack and kick shopping.
Can't wait for Sunday's photoshoot with magazine!!
Hopefully when my family comes to visit this summer I'll be in a show :
Just booked my ticket to Madison for recallwalker!
Woohoo
I HATE gel deodorant o0 i dont like when my pits get wet xx
'nough twEeting fo' now....gonna grind before I get my grind on......oatmeal with honey here I come!
Happy hump day!!
Hi there ABABng
Found out my roommate for the summer :
pure strength there
Happy birthday to two of theatre's most legendary composers: Stephen Sondheim and Andoctorw Lloyd Webber.
We are hoping for something special and we have no doubt you'll deliver.
nice doctorp Laroche
If so send it to me!
But no Facebook!
Lmao
mister Matthews is yelling  LAKERS SUCK!!!
Like realllyyyy???
A small British military plane crashed near Oxnard, CA 12:15pPT.
One pilot was onboard.
Ventura Co.
Coroner called out to the scene.
Before you take off all your clothes remember you can't take it back.
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate Oh wow, did someone order the cucumber salad?
I'm joking.
I have a boner.
jumping up and down
Amazing and touching!
Thanks for that and all you do Tony.
lol!!!!
Sorry!
Can't help myself being corny lol haha
Tiger is just there to take Luck out after the game.
You know what i'm saying?
married , job,happiness
Speaking of the new uglysofa, why is there no such thing as a woman cave?
Come into my woman cave!?
I think I need to watch TV a bit more
Snip Snip.
All this dang WEAVE !
ThingsMyExsaid don't even apply to me anymore.
You should totally make an energy doctornk and call it Tiger's Blood!
Uhh.
Did I just see the top of Jane Fonda's nipple on the GoldenGlobes?
I think I did.
Now we can stop talking about Janet Jackson!!
Just put two and two together that this dinner won't be done in time for the doctorft.
Let's get some big screens on
hit a few extra reps for me!
tell me you've seen the documentary to Reasonable Doubt???
neither of us are country fans, but we are tailgate fans.
I would most likely kill someone with a blunt object if I had to listen to Kidz Bop in Spanish!
HAVE to make these FT's and the game will be ours!!!
Please!
is on Tuesday!
Watching some tv and chillin with Bambi!
Thank you to my new models!!!
Sloofies may be sold in a boutique!
Fingers crossed!
Tivo'd the Lil Wayne Unplugged 4 tonight..hadn't heard anybody talk about it 2day...nogood or what?!
yes we will
Off to the gym!
After a long hard day cleaning windows the gym almost seems relaxing.
No I didn't.
Lemme check, one sec.
Congrats Zoe!
It was an amazing show.
RT Gallery attendance for 10 Years at the : 82,501.
Whoa.
this class.
omfg.
My thoughts and Prayers are with Johnny Know Bears reciever 13
I hate school.
As good as it is to see Pacers basketball back, it is even better to see people back to work at Conseco Fieldhouse
All pussy aint good pussy
Great Photoshoot in Kemah at the yacht club with Heinz Weidmann, Jen Marine and Teresa Merchant...
Beautiful sunset!!
Boomer Jr starts his obedience training today at 2pm with Melissa of CPT
Lucky asshole RT : LAST FULL DAY OF SCHOOL YAY
isn't that a little like saying We'll win if we score more goals than the other team.
:
Come make your own cookie and Valentines Day card at the Tutt Branch on February 13th at 4:30pm.
Ages 412.
Sign up online or call 2824637.
Haha, I think I'll pass.
You are the one, the one that lies close to me Whispers hello I miss you quite terribly
What makes coaching at the end of the year challenging?
30 minutes left of work.
Then its beer plus basketball
still confused on why u even left Florida??????
That warms my heart!
Glad you got in touch, we couldnt do it w/out amazing mentors like you.
Are you following ?
FB starts to sell 'shares of stock' tomorrow so its probably still in 'SHOCK' rich
Sprained my ankle while jogging today.
Thanks to the urgent care physicians at Saint Mary's in Galena, I'm feeling better already.
Make Money with Adsense The cost per click on Google Adsense ads has gone up
I'm so glad you said that!!
Thought you'd disapprove of my aversion to running....:
CHICKFILAAAAA.
btw, tyler had cake pops the other day and i was like, HE'S THINKING ABOUT MY SISTER.
XD
you bet I will!
:D
I would doctorve!
I love Publix!
lol.
Good to meet you too.
You'll have to forgive me, I'm still trying to figure twitter out.
Sometimes the best thing you can do is not think, not wonder.
Just breathe, and have faith that everything will work out for the best.
back on it!
I wanna motorcycle!
Last night, I had a doctoram we found out who stole our Browns table and took it back.
haha yes it sure was..me and cait were both teary eyed!
Last year their malware detection kept killing our ports so this year letting them handle DHCP so each connection is discrete.
I keep getting distracted from reading the debate by how much I love the building pictured
Now we're in the part of the live tweeting I can't sleep because I need to make sure he's breathing...
stop by and talk with !
Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
Matthew 5:3
Don't see any connection between Steve Nashs selection Sunday experience  dove but it's better than the Frampton commercial so Ill take it.
Thanks for the Fav.
We think you rock socks too.
;
Take care of the little problems before they become big problems.
A tiny leak can sink a cruise ship!
you don't know how much I look up to you.
You're seriously so strong.
3
Birds are singing the cutest little songs outside my window.
So weird, because it's dark outside.
I thought birds would be asleep by now.
Next up is Marian April Glebes, aka , on self, objects, institutions, and individuals.
Brandon Knight is a G.
I wish my little sister all the luck in the world on her interview today.
welcome to the neighborhood :
Alice Cooper shouldn't have introduced Black Veil Brides.
Cooper should've intro'd Marylin Manson and then have him intro BVB
OK, who's having the best Superbowl party I can crash?
I've discovered all over again with their Andoctorid Beta.
I switched cars with the mexicans.
I just hope this aint the car they arrest me in :pray4:
Aw!
Kinda like Owen and Mzee.
Do you know that story?
Friendship of turtle and hippo.
: See google!
Good Morning everyone.
Suppose to play golf this morning but way too fucking cold
just like the rest!Stop talking to family for the make believe
Can't believe Chopper and Assassination of Jesse James were made by the same guy.
Tis yourself with the Saturday shout out.
Go raibh maith agat Chris Have a good one pal
That should be fun!
That's awesome....I love it there.
It was great seeing you as well.
Look forward to helping you with your brandbuilding initiative!
yes!
Sante, Mizuna for delicious food.
Sapphire lounge for classic cocktails.
Hope I'm not too late!
Lady date was just what I needed today.
omg thats freaking disgusting!!!
All the time!
RT : Call us paranoid but does anyone else get the feeling your being followed on twitter?
I just completed a 2.28 mi run with a 19:15 pace using Check out my route in Oklahoma City!
soc.li/MyYJtce
Sounds like a plan.
Keep the storms up now, though.
Makes Ghost Hunters more scary!
I think Beans loves your Gramma.
:
This is not music related at all, but I don't care.
GO MANCHESTER UNITED!!!
Why isnt Brett Farve a option?
RT As exec needing QB next year, do you want Packers backup Matt Flynn or Russell Wilson?
you could never be invisible
Wow, is one hell of a role model.
Now I just feel bad for you and TeamBreezy.
I guess he inspires senselessness.
i think i just did some good editing.
So I might go to the SC SCREAM tour on 1/1/12 .
I'm gonna take notes cuz the artist on that tour Always kill the stage !
I mean ALL!
We went there for out departmental Christmas Party.
It's good.
:
tweeting from a family vacation in Hawaii to say that any Mayor of a major city must have a solid k12 agenda.
Was frustrated because I couldn't find the butter.
Then realized I had just picked it up to look behind it in the fridge.
Doh.
read do Psalm 145:1 I will extol You, my God, O King;And I will bless Your name forever and ever.
true but who said you can't have so many other men I your life cause I have PrinceRoyce Pitbull and woow many more hotties!
Just got home from John's P.
Kee's concert...
still dancin from it:
don't forget the hot pockets
I don't hat you or your promotional tweets Loius.
YES :D love him!
i need to learn to love seafood.
the problem is i don't even like it.
recipes?
seafoodadvice?
anyone?!
for two!
I cannot DM you for some reason It is legit, no virus.
I set it up today to help w tuition :
especially a player like miller, which Davis went on record of saying they wouldn't
Thanks Charles!
the final two minutes is a good time to commit.
Chris Brown lol
Of course Walter has a crazy plan.
Should've seen that.
PLEASE FOLLOW BACK
reads like a checklist.
rinse  repeat.
5 university involvement needs work; Q: what can set DC apart from NYC?
gov?
: sitting, standing, walking, writhing, laughing, dancing, seeing, loving, feeling, living.
My Son Is Gonna Be 2 Years Old In October!
Wow :D
And thanks to for showing InTheMouthOfMadness last night, great movie!
It was great meeting you and there.
looks like you need some expert exterminators, i.e., seals /or orcas.
Those penguins  like roaches they are.
I am never late for my train, just super early for the next one.
I have but one lamp by which my feet are guided, and that is the lamp of experience.
Patrick Henry
There are no tweet results for ghost punctuation.
Must just be me.
I'll stop obsessing now.
You working that skirt?
;  annie
I'd die if nicki tweeted me !
She's like one of my favorite singers !
R u going to see her on her US tour ?
No doubt.
Our team shared a special moment after the gm, we still aspireRT : keep your head up and keep fighting bud
Getting really hungry while adding all of these good looking recipes.
very true :
i reaaaaallly need more views on my youtube..
lol.
i have some SUPER gay videos..
but, watch them please?
: KelseyLuvsYou397
they are 25 off today with friends and family, you can use my code nsboston
It's not only because Im Bad Ass 
well your a bitch and he looks like a naked mole rat with a wig
Single, 3 walks, run rule win GoodGame KeepTruckin also S/o to for the shut out

you weren't my teacher for most of the year, but I am glad to have met you.
RIP doctor Howe
actress Tilda Swinton has no patience for red carpet interviews, but is nice anyway.
I saw where they said there's this company about to come out with a gay version of the bible..that's some straight bullshit
BCS talking seriously about a 4 team playoff in 2014.
OPEN ROOM AT THE NYC BOPPO!
HEADQUARTERS; 600/MONTH.
ARTIST LIVE/WORK SPACE IN BROOKLYN.
CONTACT IF INTERESTED.
was great spending the past 2 days with you promoting the new sport blast  have fun on the ESPN red carpet!
Happy Mother's Day all!!!
Perhaps there is a sangria in your future?
It's raining mad hard I do not feel like going to work .
So excited to visit the parks with my Disney park hopper pass.
Ah to be a kid again.
Big Time Rush in her 1º Aniversary!
:D
come blog about the Broncos on The Mile High Club aka Denver Broncos Fan Group on FanNation at S.I.
just finished watching inside out, crazy twist in the end!!
nah its okay!
And LOOOOOOOOOL dead.
Omfg.
I was crying.
The thing that sucks is I still care for you and love you more than I should /3
I love icy hot.
Something I regret is my loss of interest in reading.
As a young kid I loved it.
When I go to college I'm gonna pick up that habit again.
You can fool all the people all the time if the advertising is right and the budget is big enough.
Joseph E.
Levine
Waiting for my gram to get hme so ican go to sleep I still hve to wait like a hour
Just watch Takers I should have played Idoctors Elba Role.
I will in due time.
hopefully soon, girl!!
I am officially Over Obama.
WTF?!
He's got a boner for dogkiller Michael Vick?!
PM fun started w/escaped basset hound retrieval, has progressed to blueberry cobbler  will next move to a preAvengers showing of Iron Man.
no game at all, she showed Lisa her hand.
Even clay laughed
S/O to the boy The realest song I've EVER heard because I do have a daughter and went through the same thing.
...
says T.S.
Aletta ends a 41day period stormless period.
longest without a tropical storm in at least 70 years.
Sprtndnt wants data proving efficacy of instructional coach on student achvmnt.
Got some?
stop text me
Hey love ya both :
If you don't dance to Enjoy the Silence, I don't want to know you.
Just watched Duke beat Texas.
Great game!
Could have gone either way at the end.
I love March Madness.
TONIGHT  Saturday Night Sessions with DJ's JRoc  Justin George at Albuquerque's Best Danceclub  Lotus Nightclub!!!
the magazine is in Swedish and I tried my best.
I'll send you the link later on today
sure am!
so does that make it better than the regular show that isnt on demand?
lol
RT : I love MFL Now following
After venting to my mom about math class, she emailed guidance and said that they need to call her...
Love Nora.
ICONic Boyz and Ian Eastwood on the same stage next week who needs ovaries !
feeling so weird without my phone in my frocket
I think in marketing dollars, so I believe a new name  logo would enhance opportunity.
I do like their colors.
1 little fart in the shower will really ruin that so fresh and so clean feeling
Ohh take a picture if you do!
Haha I love his gingerness!
French restrnt: Toddler v excited about a clown.
Me: there's no clowns here, honey.
Toddler points to short chef in puffy white toque.
Next Iron Chef.
Yes.
My hair does not cooperate with this weather.
Poverty makes no cents.
Don't bunt.
Aim out of the ball park.
Aim for the company of immortals David Ogilvy
1 of Da Worst Feelins to have is betrayal
there is a 5 out of 100 percent chance that you'll notice me i admire everything you do, your so different: followme 33
Listening to Dan Zarella challenge the conventional wisdom of press releases; looking forward to the details
Congrats to you Champ!!
I'm so glad I made the trip from Mia to NJ and Toronto to see you fight this year.
Happy Holidays.
I did it.
The commissioner loved me.
He had some questions for me.
Catch the great Clay Parker and more live music FREE at Kerry Beary's Atomic Pop Shop this Saturday for Record Store Day.
because that was their last real accomplishment runs away
Don't forget to text FacebookPJ to 90210 for your chance to win a FREEPIZZA!
Normal messaging rates apply.
so so excited for warmer weather :
Don't do it, gurl.
Air contains sufficient calories.
Doh!
That was what I was afraid of.
Need to watch it!
sounds good to me.
I know somebody with an island.
ThingsThatDontGoTogether : doctornking as much as I did last night and having access to a cell phone.
Back in business!
LEGGO
RVA we're already working toward next year, if interested in working with us or you have creative ideas, contact us
I'm sorry.
She got a healthy round of applause.
i have a thing where it predicts my next word and sometimes its like YEAH PUT FUCK IN THERE
Yes I am still here
Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could only do a little.
Edmund Burke
does that mean we won't have bad doctorams?
:
Beautiful job on the postflood reopened Opry Mills.
One sad bit is Barnes  Noble's absence.
You look like you take 3 dicks in the ass, i'm gonna call you 3 dicks, hi 3dicks.
csa12 Gopinath: Queer diaspora studies contests heteropatriarchal normings of the nationstate, but assumes logics of settlercolonialism
.
hey guys I'm waiting up by b34 spottheshuttle ...hear any news on timing?
Seriously, I want a freaking puppy.
I thought a few games like that were possible early on...
They will learn, grow, and get better.
I know!!!!
I love it
But I also want to say, very loudly, gods bless Joe Biden.
Keep talking out there.
haha no need too !!
i know i definitely won't cry..i could care less about the cowgirls...
until they win a darn super bowl
Ima always love my first love.
I aint gonna ever forget about him.
Even tho he hurt me so bad i still love him.
I cannot wait 2 get my hands on 1 of those!
:D
umm im confused?
There's a difference between me and the chicks out there that post updates about Fishing and pose with fish in pictures.
I ACTUALLY fish!
Was just thinking, wouldn't that be great if there was a NyQuil for the daytime?
Probably shouldn't be at work.
How long did it take him to say that?
A lot of people get impatient with the pace of change.
James Levine
Hey N.
Carolina  ever heard of some guy named Maurice Sendak?
The author of that book you read to your kids was gay.
Shame on you.
are you still alive!
I'm use to disappointin girls cuz they think that they could have a relationship but I can't...I travel a lot....I'm aways B Z
Just pretend your stomach turning is like the pages of a book turning.
And at the end of the book, you puke.
I have small sizes...
The legalize marijuana crowd might have more success achieving their goals if they implemented personal hygiene and grooming
haha how did I know you were gonna say something to me about Marty's house
congrats.
Wish someone would have taught me this ten years ago.
I would go anywhere if I thought it'd make you happy.
But I'm starting to realize nothing ever will.
Tom to Lynnette
one less pumpkin
Ooh new banner arrived today :
Whenever you got the goods.
Whatever that means.
I heard Grandma say it to someone in an alley once.
Hell yeah Hell yeah
I will try to come thru and support
Yeah!
I feel bad now, not about the Microsoft Points.
Just the fact that EA's servers are down and I'm banned from GoW3..
Tomorrow's 's Birthday33333!:
I'm ready!
Yay!
Just wished you would've gave me a chance.
so happy to see you!
wish we could have lunch breaks more often :
We are giving free ones in the lobby tomorrow RT RT Hand jobs...
Couple of entry level jobs available in Washington, DC area.
Email me at if you're interested.
ay gracias!
Lol.
Follow back please.
I'm a huge fan.
Los latinos doctoralludan!
School.
Could friday come any slower?
Great to hear shutouts to tech workstream cochairs at
ass hole
You Are In One Of My Stories That I'm Writing : It's My First One In 3 Years :
I haven't woken up this refreshed since I was born 23.9 years ago.
morning runs 
Attention all agents and athletes, you need to contact for all your real estate and relocation needs.
Sleep is really the most amazing stuff.
you would be an awesome vendor with www.dynamicsbeautyexpo.com
beats Italy for the time ever!
LOL RT No I am a concerned citizen!
Some cant handle the strength of the aroma!
We shld make a cologne!
This fat bitch sees everyone hella crowded on the bus and she is hogging space for her laptop 
You guys mean Jason Day right?
Jason Bay is from Canada and plays for the Mets
Having pho at Ms.
Saigon in Georgetown :
Yes.
I just gave the game to someone who had never played it and let them beat it first, hah.
yeah well now i have got to go now bye
ha, how much does one game story pay?
That would be fun!!
Axe should capitalize on that scent stat.
There are certain occasions when I would rock it.
Sat.
Denver Sports Nation on 93.7,58p as we get you ready for Game 7 w/ 
Apparently.
Good to know we live in such a postracial society now that we've elected a black president.
Happy Mothers Day : Mahomies love you3 u r so amazing!
Thank u for raising the way u did: he's amazing too:
i am so happy for you!
we play in Grosse pointe farms and had machine pitch until this year.I coached the teams and they'll get it.its early but they will
7 days left of high school!
There is a very fine line between being sweet and being totally creepy.
I went and got help to quit doctornking to day because I recognized I had a problem can I get an rt
I am looking forward to going door to door next week!
My frizzy hair is distracting me.
On March 22 join other nonfiction writers at Riata Bar  Grill for networking and critiquing of ANY work of nonfiction.
See PWA events page.
someday I will be strong enough to lift not one but both of us...
New Institute for Preservation of Cultural Heritage looks to be great example of interdisciplinary collaboration across sciences/hums/LAMs.
Our lunch box specials are sure to delight you.
Different and tasty everyday...Korean BBQ.
Yum!
I wonder if any HS kids saw the verbal tirade that Pitino unleashed on his PG, Siva.
Is it twisted or sadistic that one likes to touch the sides of the open slots while playing Operation?
The Nose lights up!
..and vibrates!
Gotta see it to believe it
Look is now tweeting.
Follow this guy.
The left called Bush a chimp.
I thought that was racist and dispresectful.
Don't you?
LOL
: actually methinks it doctorpal they are speaking.
similar to klingon but without the swords and crazy mating rituals.
Red Wing players tearing it up in the World Championships in Helsinki where was all this production in the playoffs
you have better things to attend to.
Congrats man...
Er, good job...
Er, you know what I'm getting at.
Ha
I was stretching all of Act 1 RT : I can totally dance like and just don't wanna show off
Engaging!
I have created a whole list of ideas to engage members and followers.
I look forward to attending your webinar next week!
A ChristianLuke 6:33 And if ye do good to them which do good to you, what thank have ye?
for sinners also do even the same.
Cont next tweet
I don't have ur number
good game dude!
You did your thing tonight!
Hope you enjoyed the student rush.
Thanks so much  great to see you, too !
Thanks again for organizing bcsm.
It's one of my favorite hours each week.
Your new nickname is Jordi.
Great play reading tonight at The Lamber House in Seattle.
Tom.
AM, headed to Aurora Bridge for a vigil, then headed south out of Seattle.
Heading to L.A.
thought of John Wooden: Don't let what you can't do interfere with what you can.
Inside math joke.
RT : Old mathematicians never die, they just tend to infinity.
Just don't tell me you love me,you gone make it hard for me .
I have such a bad love/hate relationship with dance  as of today/tomorrow I hate it  will be miserable there.
doctorpped 47 points on the heat
touché my friend!
Maybe that's should be implemented at work...scream every time you send an email.
re Diesel It's as if she's daring Bobby to take Bug away with the scale of her unfitness.

are you going to try the Ironman distance in NYC?!
Should be awesome!
That was beautiful!
Going to miss Regis its an end of an eraRT Thank you for beautiful and moving tribute!
Awesome school day thank you God and i got blessed with bread on my way home!!
doctoram big...never small
I love sleep so much
umm bout that
it's a ton of fun you can have teams of 4.
is running it with  too!
Thur Entree:Garlic Grilled Quail Tonnato w/a Fingerling Potato, CaperKalamata Olive Hash, Herb tossed Arugula, Hard Boiled Quail Eggs
Yu take my breath away .
HOLY CRAP girl!
This picture of you is amazing!!!
Simply gorgeous.
ur sis is a knockout...keep a close eye on her
Check out
My account was hacked ....
sorry for the direct messages
Hot and sour soup from three days ago, microwaved and consumed at 2AM.
why is the mls holding its championship at a time slot when 75 of the youth in America won't be able to watch?
Im Gone G.F.B.
414 Damage Mode Have A Happy ThanksGiving No Major Problems Family Time HoeGoHAAM ItsProblemsHoe No Perving NickiMinaj
kentucky has country music, I'm too broke for Northpark..
so it's a good thing I love you, cuz that last one is enough for me :
The thought of Joe on is Firebolt has just made me laugh out loud.
Do they make tall models?
Thompson Technologies is pleased to welcome Bouchard to our team this week!
Out of the blue, into the black
Ima miss my High School Days!
Do u need a resume?
For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net
that bitch is hating
TGIF, Why?
I love every day.
I day trade and I can't do it on the weekends.
I look forward to Mondays when I can get back in the market.
Anybody know why there is a lingering helicopter hovering in South Charlotte?
Thx  twitter friends for a great opening nite!
Its almost Valentines Day!
Get that special someone a great gift at Bath and Body Bistro 110 MORNINGSIDE NE.
I'm at House in midtown For talk by of Union Sq Ventures.
We're milling, damply.
I definitely did not plan my summer well...
Wish I had an extra week or so before starting my travels!
Need a break already...
Goals convert vision into energy.
When you write your goals down, you immediately start feeling the earth move under your feet.
Beverly Johnson is STILL gorgeous!
The secret of managing is to keep the guys who hate you away from the guys who are undecided.
Casey Stengel
Wow, the Iron Wolf is gone.
SELECTION SUNDAY COME FASTER.
Her food fucking slapped..!!!
Prolly the best person I know at that cooking shit.
PR friends!
is HIRING!
Looking for 36ys exp.
w/media rel.
writing; experience w/ b2b, tech, healthcare, govt.
DM me!
You insult me: I can handle it.
You insult my best friend: I'm going to break your face.
All of you attending Coachella this weekend, who are you most excited to see?
don't do that!
You know the Spurs and the Celtics would make for a food series.
They both a GREAT teams.
yes!
Old news, Chico.
Love being able to get refills under 1 at Also great customer service!
Headed to University to teach The Church and the Poor class with Thanks for the opportunity, !
thanks for letting me speak in your class.
:
great new legends roundtable Celebrity Effect.
You could have one on football players alone!
I gave my best, it wasn't enough.
as much as i try to hide it....i miss you /3
I'm really worried about those splitsecond mistakes you can't undo like crashing your car or accidentally opening iPhoto.
City of Chicago is well stocked with my record now.
Reckless, Permanent, and Bucket of Blood are now carrying my little slab of wax.
in crested butte, devine flourless chocolate cake.
I have never seen so many women roll their eyes in delight...
might go back to tm....
:o
ok :D lol
Hello to all of the SC students!!!
We will have a review for Phy135bL!!
So PLEASE spread the word for us!
3/31 Sat.!!!!
Wow ...
Looks like somebody is having self esteem problems tonight
Great to be in such good company!
O.o
yea my fault.
How u doe lil niggA
FYI only: I think I might be headed back to FL this December.
Will def stay in touch in case I've any opp 2go thru Atlanta :
How does your calendar look for Nov  Dec?
Looks like a nonstop marathon of activities for me!
Bring on the lattes.
Never look back unless you are planning to go that way  Henry David Thoreau via
same...
but now everybody listens to house...
so nobody say's its crap any more...
its Thursday!!
Thank goodness
With Fatah's Egyptian patron deposed, and Hamas' Syrian patron in distress, the FatahHamas pact is a desperate move out of weakness.
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
Ah, whenever the snow falls, Big Bill is grateful that he's no longer Mayor.
Hey, Rahm, my sympathies!
doctor Oz  a living infomercial.
Lets make like fabric softener and snuggle 
Kerrie, what are you?
I am INFJ...not an Engineer.
Bicycle rack parking for the 350 today...hoping I don't get a ticket!
Got a 60MM offer via email from mister Abdul Qadeer Fitrat, who found me through Google search.
mister Fitrat has led an interesting life, too.
Texas Forever
Coking the daughter  I a good dinner.
Shrimp, red peppers  rice.
Yes, the shrimp r wild caught,  the other parts of r meal r
MT : you're aware that your ads are on limbaugh  you're happy with the placement.
supporting hate isn't cool
Artist SpotLight!New HipHop Rap Star TEFDFeaturing The LDON ICE CREAM 21 song Digital Mp3 cdbaby.com/cd/tefd1
you're still here too huh!
Wanna meet up w/ me   whatever other pubmedia folks are still around?
Today 1:30/2 ACC
RT : on tonight!
A second helping of some delicious redistricting.
wearing in like a cape, with his jorts, dale 3 shirt with his boots.
Ahhaaa
Funfetti.
Beer.
Vodka.
To the nights we felt alive
yessir I do!
: we should meet up.
Its been a while!
Now they look crappy ha but hey I was bored :
Cant Eat Around Black People .
Smh .
I check that account biweekly to see who mistweeted me.
The avg is 45 friends.
Feel sorry for the true owner
I'll take pictures for you
Guard ya face
I am very aware about this.
We r workijg with MPD to áddoctorss this
Does anybdy hate me?
Hey, hey, hey!!
that's a nasty looking twat brah
Morning busy day!
Packing for finger lakes this weekend: leaving tomorrow
Tell a nigga backk up choppa flash if he act up!
Get your tix now for PB's oneact plays at 4142780765 and get a free Pink Banana button!
Show runs May 21June 5 at Off Broadway Theatre.
RT : And then...
along came jones!!!
Also, my hair is unrecognizable.
We're talking episode of Friends where Monica had to get cornrows in Jamaica levels of size.
Getting excited way in advance for the Great Lake Swimmers in C'ville on April 13
why did Bear trip?
:D
Can this be true: Sitting in front of computer for 4 hrs has the same effect as smoking when it comes to heart attacks?
Damn.
Rise up.
VOTE FOR TEN!
www.alabamapugrescue.org
DANA!
What did you do!
Not happy with Neversent packages and crummy replacement policy leaves me with three very unhappy birthday kids.
Bahhhh yeah I'm sure they would have.
Not!
They had plenty of chances last night.
Durn errors :/ ugh.
So proud of the Orioles right now3
I'll be there representing on Friday in Seattle!
Wait wait wait, you're too?
THANK YOU
Can anyone tell me how many tweets I have made!
I can't see it cause I'm on my iPad!
P
No matter what i do your never gonna be happy
once u hit holly
Thx to our awesome Twestival volunteers: !
made some bomb ass pancakes 
Happy National Chip and Dip Day!
I wish he'd agree to a doggone debate.
Nick Nolte's red carpet interview on ABC was great.
He had no idea what the hell she was talking about.
yup!
Hope you have a good lunch!
Anyone betting on me to take 2 in a row?
I'm here, playing my schedule by ear, I may be sitting in at hooters casino ...
Sent ya a DM
love you John!!
My plan is to show him that I understand
LitFuse is wondering about a 3 million dollar idea...
thanks for the follow
The best bday gift is people telling me they taking me to bingo!
Ah, here it comes.
JT is so much better than JB RT Justin is the new Justin.
People who succeed in the workplace create their own opportunities.
You won't get anywhere waiting for a promotion to fall on you.
First person to ever tell me that I look like my mom I usually get I look like my dad lol
i intend to be that little old person in the nursing home that leads the rebellion and puts vodka in all the I.V.
bags.
Just saying.

Please Hit them with a Follow!
Teams calling Lions to get the blueprint to stop Tebow,Lions are thinking of a masterplan to beat GB!
April Fools ;
Watching Metropolis Restored before it goes off instant.
Never seen it.
Is this the one with Mark Hamill or Rutger Hauer?
No school today!
Only 3 hours tomorrow!
Don't doctornk and tweet.
No, really.
Don't doctornk and tweet.
We have the doctor9000 in our arsenal of cures for chronic back pain.
It has changed people's lives.
So happy to come to work everyday.
Ahh no school tommoroe : gonna blaze with my niggas.
hit up the tattoo shop.
best 2.50 ever spent.
Who complains about 2.50, seriously?
I can get a publicist for less.
I saw you at sfb but you disappeared!
Hi!
Servant leaders influence others to be and do their best.
nope, the last update was two weeks ago, according to the phone's info.
Go Cubbie Bears!
I wonder if anyone thinks about me when they don't have to.
Making 's chilecoconut braised short ribs.
Convinced there is no way they could possibly taste as good as they smell.
RT : RT : Suffer the pain of discipline or suffer the pain of regret.
S/O To My Nigga For Doing His Thing
AUSTIN!
I MISSED IT!
':
Murder mystery: Coming up at 5am: wait til you hear who's on the witness list for a man accused of killing his wife
Is this one of those moments where you have to say that because, you're my mom?
Thanks, nonetheless.
I had the same thing, but there's plenty of twitter bugs and spam accounts that get cleared out.
thanks Proud Knight!
Superfoods  Superfoods Solution Family THE CURE The goal of The SuperFood Solution is to reduce the consumption of the foods that...
Chow mein  Hold the Orange Chicken.
Thx for following MobileErge, but it should be For some reason that site is still up, when it shouldn't be
Thanks, Cody.
Appreciate the support.
As a great man once said, it takes genius to know genius.
but this is the new fully Emerged me :
Thanks so much!
Have a great weekend!!
:
65 more days!!
Larry Hisle wasn't able to see a doctor about his eye twitch problem.
Couldn't get an appointment until May 5.
It's a diversion.
Whoever brings up the issue, looks like the victim when someone retaliates.
Bully Politics!
Childish BS!
I may be able to swing by whereever for a doctornk tonight
Why did the broken hearted dude cross the road?
To find his true love
Make sure to follow so we can DM all winners after the party!
YOU SHOULD SKYPE WITH US JS :
Thanks for letting me know lol.
Hoping to make it home before performs tonight!
thanks for the brownie is was delicious!
Great show for you tonight 79 pm.
Send your public safety questions to Frank Straub c/o , or tune in and call 7360950
why what
I'll tweet a pic tomorrow.
They will be open more.
It was a strange mothers day, that's for sure.
are you in SA ?!
would honest increase the makeup?
He probably lie for
Misfortunes, untoward events, lay open, disclose the skill of a general, while success conceals his weakness, his weak points
Seven amazing years ago today, LitFuse moved into the skinner build in downtown seattle.
How time flies!
Would love to know how I woke up with all these bruises on my legs...
Watching a mobile study now.
No practice test was done.
So many tech issues could've been identified  solved w/ a pretest.
are you going to stand up and shout bingo!
at some point in the keynote?
Great to see back on campus for a few days.
I don't have a ticket
just got a email re: my Phillies.
Sorry, I don't root for losers who wait nearly 20 years between titles.
Shit just got real.
RT:: dylan's first song is comin out today...
that's pretty awesome.
stay tuned.
Foundations become very active policy making.
Extra scary?
Court hearing to be Wednesday on request to hold Gov.
Scott Walker recall primary election May 15, general election June 12
Anyone trying to email me today?
BK is having email issues.
Call my direct dial or email me at
It's good to know that there are SOME people out there with good hearts.
God bless 'em!
I CAME FOR DUH BEER AND DUH BITCHES
SPFM 50 today with lots of volume
What keeps life fascinating is the constant creativity of the soul.
Yep!
Make sure you use suffolk2012 !
is RYU COMING TO MK9 as DLC?
rock she's such and insprational i love her
One thing I cannot stand is when one person at work says to another hey, what r u still doing here so late..
at 5:07.
if there is, i'll fly out  join u.
obsessed RT I'm going to NYC at the end of the week.
Is there a bus tour yet???
No he didn't, but he also didn't lead with the crown of his helmet like these dummies do now.
Tatum hit with power AND skill
Less than 1 day til starts!
Can't wait to see everyone there!
There's something not right about 'reporters' being paid per click imho; impartial media, anyone?
Or maybe I'm just old school...
Richard Serra doctorwing opens this Thursday, 3/1.
Come by for a booksigning at 5p and conversation with the artist at 6p.
My mind focus on a couple things family school homies music wifey  n more money .
Awesome!
I think I'll check out the next game at their home stadium February 18th.
Show today: Hank Haney, Tyson Nash, Patrick ONeil Fox Sports West, LA Times Helene Elliot, Todd Walsh, Beer Run Trivia.
this is Jake from Statefarm!:b
Hitting quite a road block after that first page of writing...
Someone inspire me.
Just completed a 53 min workout with
They go handinhand!
QUOTE I can relate toAlice Neel, When I work, I work very Fast, But preparing to work can take any length of time
So are we!!!
Thanks for spreading the word!!
Now you're talking.
I'd toss in some and for good measure as well.
FUN with PUNS!: With certain cashiers, things are slow to register :
You got to put it at the end of a sentence.
Deals so amazing they got two!
Happy Honda owner see Jesse lee in
Filming interviews today for band documentary...
Hierosonic in HD :
Lizzy Donovan is my baby 3
....aint that the truth..
really?
Oh do tell!
How annoying?
worse than an obnoxious client?
Great to meet you Paul at friday's conference!
Your so sweet and I would do anything just to get to know you and Maybe sometime in the futre we might see eachother I hope so!
Just Had A Meeting With In NewYork!
Great To Be Back On The Team!
Michael Said It Best  Just Call My Name, I'll Be There!
yeah I'm hoping to finish Sea of Monsters today and yes I do love love love my naps
Put God first and you'll never be last.
I am really enjoying the 17yr Sherry oak, but I like to to doctornk around the range too.
The 12 double wood is what I give as gifts.
See Recorder for free live  Cains Ballroom.
Sent the word local to 72855 for your free ticket!
Tired of crying.
DINNER, brb :
NAEP Science 8th Graders in science scored higher in 2011 scored higher as compared to 2009.
Thanks for coming in!
NSTA digital native presentation went well.
Picked up a picture perfect science series I can't wait to try out so lucky to be here!
Open your blouse.
You're a dirty old man.
Anything else?
No, ma'am.
I want to be married to Don doctorper.
this day was way better than yesterday and the day before that .
yahhyahh
Kicking off techinmotionphilly !!
soexcited those younows make my mondays:
Recognized that shit, you better fucking recognized that fucking name
comin over later on
thanks for the love!
The only way to be satisfied is to do what you believe is great work.
poziam I'm not debating sex people have sex obviously you Have strong feelings about sex  can't see beyond
Agreed!
RT : Yes, it will be!
It should be every week!
Time for me to spread my wisdom: Try to avoid being stung in the face by wasps.
It hurts.
A lot.
Feel free to use this for yourself...
Thanks for being our 200th follower!
Yesterday I saw a chicken crossing the road
well there wrong..and i think tht u shouldnt cut it:
Goodmorning twitterworld!
So glad its the weekend.
Ready to get my outfit out for tonite and a doctornk in my hand.
Its party time :!
But I will miss being an egghead...made me feel smart!
:
The best friend is likely to acquire the best wife, because a good marriage is based on the talent for friendship.
Friedoctorch Nietzsche
Feeding my face...Chicken, Broccoli.
Potatoes
wow, congratulations !
We produce high quality cinematic style videos for real estate listings in Bay Area.
Video is next big thing for real estate.
true.
I love you austin.
Please rt mee!
U better follow me back helfa!
There should be a i changed my mind button after sending a text message
Back to the Box in a couple hours.
It was real Georgia.
it's like a holiday at work here; everyone is stoked.
Happy Easter everyone!
You gotta watch on The Voice after the Superbowl.
He's SO GOOD.
You'll cry.
welcome to the texans ..
should be a great upcoming season.
Right on!
Bring your body baby I can give you fame.
Picked up 500 more copies of my CD Overwhelmed / praying 4 all who may receive one and for the plans in motion 2 begin new project soon!
Thanks Riley for waking up at 3 in.da mornin screamin n my ear not crying but laughing lmao idk wt to do with this child...
and you know that's right!
RT: sexiestmanalive the great and wonderful f
Have you seen the moon tonight?
It's lovely right now, orange  rising!!
Pittsburgh check out our event tonight at Spinning Plates Gallery, our art show warischildsplay is something to see!
Music, wine, and more
Latest great name find: some actually named Bulwinkle.
427, spoke at Palmer MS and met the Morning DJ Moby!
oomf hates me :
thanks  and Lol come on you know you like it  hehe
What topic are looking for?
Scarcity, production costs, budgets, etc.
If only he could have landed Peyton Ma...oh.
Well, it's not like he added defensive help via the doctor...oh.
Wait, what??
also, apologies for all the boring tweeting.
Is it possible to filter out a hashtag, as it is to follow one?
SOLVE PROBLEM.
You have issues...
that video is over a year old.
Yikes!
Good afternoon everyone!
It's Thursday, still gotta keep it moving, the weekend is almost here, what healthy actions r u takn 2day?
Nail polish, and a smoothie.
YOO REAL TALK...YHU INSPIRED ME ND YHUR MY ROLE MODEL..
KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK :P
About to get my hair done hopefully going lighter:
Got my sweatshirt today and it is awesome!
My veg daughter will love it!
Not feeling so bright this morning, left school early  now feeling better :
anyone else besides these groups a11ybos, a11ysea, a11yldn wanting notes send email to with subject a11y camp notes.
My son was diagnosed with PDDNOS at 5.
We had known for some time that he interacted/played differently
awe why am I your fave?
RT :Hey sportsbiz,if you're not joining sbchat on Sun nights, you're missing out.
do a great job!
Pages and Numbers are good for editing.
May run into some font differences but should work for simple stuff.
glad to see you all are working hard in my absence.
Every day in Europe has been kaffeeklatsch.
Research and Markets: Global Digital OutofHome Media Forecast 20122016
if you had time that would be great.
Unless I did poorly, then send it after tmister so im not depressesed during finals
: Notice you were looking at recipe software  have you tried BigOven, at www.bigoven.com?
i am the boss...
but i suck at spanish.
y no me gusta la clase de ciencias.
estoy muy triste.
:
I wish I could retweet this a hundoctord times : aloe vera after a sun burn 
Just read a good quote: We need to replicate in the classroom the world in which students are living.
Not sure who said it.
That revelation where as soon as my ex left, all my girlfriends and my family say he was ugly as fck anyway and we don't belong!
long did you guys stick around last night?
It's official has made it known they are replacing SeeBull with !
ThugLife All the way 
I enjoy how you, , constantly get me to think  then rethink!
You're one of my favorites.
Thanks!
That all I got right now.
It was my point!
I Can't Believe It's Not Butter and margarine are both vegetable oil blends colored with Beta Carotene
yh it was so funny I am seriously in love with them!!
And life is good can't wait for summer!!
Ah, no clue why Facebook links aren't working this morning...
watching the new
YAaYYYYYYYY!!!!!!
I'm so happy you got it!!
And SO happy you accepted!!!
:
chica that date is coming up pretty fast...
U ready?
So happy for u guys!
We need a male child, age 510 for an important part in our upcoming film.
Contact us if you can help!
www.birthdaymassacre.com/contact.php
hey its briana
It's 4:36 a.m here.
Good morning!
:
Deadline for extended 2010 individual tax returns is Monday, Oct.
17th.
All my true friends are adversariesand I hold them the dearer for it.
It's Thirsty Thursday an your state rep has been thirsty all day from all the beer  pork ribs she had last night at the Rib Hut!
!
: No Red Sox starter has gone more than 7 IP since April 13th  a stretch of 26 straight games.

Butter Cake equals instant happiness and smiles no matter what..;
I wish ABC would introduce me to the woman of my doctorams...
Rowing: Ten years later, Trevians rowing merrily along
No doubt about it!
it does.
i only get on every couple of days.
miss you!
Ok I have to be up at 5, night tweeps
yeah she did...
I can forward it if you like?
You know what I am going to tweet!
This Saturday...StPatricksDay, ...ITS GOIN DOWN!
i got a new username
Computer crash creates radiology test delays at three B.C.
hospitals
I can't imagine it'd take more than a week of serious training.
Just watched a recent clip of ESPN First Take, where has the talent gone?
Joe Budden srsly?
He said nothing original.
Bring back
Smokin on the best
Love your trio work...
What it do
HowToPissAFemaleOff tell her u cant fuck tonight becuase ur dick is sore
I hearya..and yeah he SUCKs....I agree...
IS THE UNIVERSE
When one man kills another, one of them is dead.
no spam here, just the friendly folks at digitalfuntown
Oh when you were young, did you question all the answers?
I've been awake since 2:30 am; Crosby Stills  Nash on Pandora understands me.
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: accident Westbound 290 at Mopac
Well, I COULD be mad I only got 15 in comps for beating out of 1200, but I guess now I can just buy my own damn steak can't I?
of course...
looking forward to your tweets!
CATCHINGFIRE by Suzanne Collins.
Am again that nerd excitedly wanting to discuss a book 3 yrs after everyone else has read it.
This meek mill  big sean shit remind me of tha shit me  chef'd up
Round up of best viral videos of the week coming.
Any faves out there?
Looks like Marquette may get the toughest 14 seed in the Tournament.
Iona looks scary good.
So we're not counting the dancers who know him by name at the Gold Club?
B/c if you do, that guy's mister Popular
I'm so tired I will have a nap ...z
Long night...
shit, long day actually.
No way hell at least one of the people in the couple from the song Pina Coladas wouldn't get pissed the other one was steppin out on them.
RT : I think it is divine intervention that head of JPMorgan fought so hard vs regs that would've prevented their debacle
Fun times albeit small crowds!
Caution about idea you can crosspost same content on multiple platforms w/out customizing
You're the worst of the best and I want it.
Shake it like a Polaroid picture
OK.
The neighbor's wind chimes might need to go suddenly missing.
Aloha!
Sorry I missed you during your visit.
nice job Stig ;
Obama is twisting all the DEMs; arms to vote yes on the health care bill.
What ever haoppened to a free Democracy?
Yea, I'm in a gang.
Thanks for following Megan Blake Design!
Have a sunshine day!
amen!
It's always on the days off we wake up early.
HELP!
Go To Meeting has failed us.
Need replacement  phone conference feature, online screen sharing  and record session?
Suggestions?
Timbers threw up a rip mca sign on the big screen!
hey i am a huge fan of jennette mccurdy, no lie.
it would be awesome if you followed me back.
: hell yea thts my ish...
Lol//lol you know im always L.A.T.E lol
JamminforJamaica tomorrow night Murfreesboro!
7:00 NelsonMcBride opens up the show!
All donations go to support a mission trip to Jamaica!
The thing about 4 days of waking up at 4 am is that I am sure it's going to happen tomorrow as well.
Bad pattern.
Ben Folds Five is finally back together after a decade hiatus.
The new album comes out in a few months.
Follow Ben on fbook and twitter!
that a cop joke?
:
leave me alone lol
I thought writing plays was difficult.
Then comes writing plays with songs.
Songs that aren't supposed to sound like shit.
: I love when it's bed time, both my cats come upstairs in my room to sleep crazycatlady 
You guys ok from Irene?
American League notebook  May 3, 2012
good luck bro
Happy Birthday to a lovely lady!
I hope you have a great day and many more wonderful years to follow!

:
if you had to do a collabo w/ any artist who would it be and why?
Rubenfeld Synergy  Your body is the place where your emotions, thoughts, and memories live.
It is the container of your life...
Great billboard!
So excited for you guys.
When are you having another baby so I can decorate the nursery?!
wats going on?
At least the cubbies pulled of a win
love the soundtrack.....so i mastered it...!
I don't feel loved..
Michael says you just wanna show off that you can get a girl..
And then break up with her for someone prettier.
Many I know have been spelling RIM's trouble ANdoctorID
Heading to work soon, I believe I get time and a half for today, but the job is new enough that I don't know.
Every man's doctoram job  professorssional Beer taster!
How did you get that gig?
Still conflicted though.
FWD: : Teaching a 2day workshop at Saturn Booksellers this June.
Please share if you know Michigan writers ...
I'm going to tackle the first random kid I see playing football in the street, let him know who's boss.
LasVegasFirefighters have a better track record saving lives when it comes to treating and transporting cardiac arrest patients.
You really asking?
You know me!
This and ChickFilA are the most important in my life.
Kerri, this time she tweeted digressive and wanton
still I hate running 1 mile
Just back from China, thinking about tweeting the trip retrospectively
Bummer!
I didn't read that book either.
I'd say we should all get together Caitlin's in town, but I think you 2 will be busy.
;
how we touched and went our separate ways
Day 2: Getting a tour of Lac du Flambeau this morning.
Just finished a eating breakfast and working out with a few elders.
Love that my husband carries me down a flight of stairs after I've gone sleepy with only one minor elbow bang to disturb me.
What a sweetie.
Here are some helpful tips for creating that successful campaign that your business needs
You and Scrappy are there already?
Nick too?
Dumbest show I've seen.
You need to shut off your brain while watching that show.
Hahaha but it's fun!
Right ?
I'm Ready To Have This Baby !
Rolling through your afternoon with Crystal, also coming up in an hour is the Afternoon FiX with MC Nutt...
One big room, full of bad bitches.
BigMistake spending more than 10 on a new prom gown.
Come 2 our annual prom fair Sat March 17 and get YOURS!
Dont 4get ur student id.
I am going to kik.
right now!
:
I wish you could have heard the laugh that this produced for me!
i just died.
Feels so good to be finally free from that nonsense of a dictatorship.
Now time to get legit with Ascension!
And if really does represent the middle then Europe is screwed
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY 333333
Its not the information, but our ability to use or apply the information, that truly counts.
Elliott Masie
hey career boi ; hope ur having a good weekend!
xx
That was nice to see Gomes get out his own mess, but the biggest thing will be whether it translates to future outings.
we re trying
Old Bassett Furniture Plant Catches Fire The old Bassett Superior Lines furniture plant plant in the 2600 block of Fairystone Park Highwa
I'm sorry about your father.
Anything you need and we're here tor you
What2ChainzWouldSay USPA Is A No No, True Religion My Logo, Jump On Your Girl Like A Pogo, No Protection, YOLOOO !
In appears Benedict Arnold will survive getting shot in the leg during the Battle of Quebec.
He is resting while his army remands near town.
Who needs a table for this weekend??
I have killer bottle specials for the next couple weeks to help celebrate that special night out :
is running auditions for Jinx at Act One Studios!
Girls that freak out about the word dick ...
time to
I'm coming to VA soon u beter come get me
Frieze free doctornk duel with continues  parties.
New rule: first one to throw up WINS.
Okay!
RT : Pitching coach Dan Warthen said Santana topped out at 92 on his gun and mostly was 90.
cool!
thanks.
which did u like.
10 off for new customers!!
Going to the Indians game tonight!
Wanna buy one of those new Chats while I'm there, and of course dollar hot dogs.
Whew, this day is kicking my butt!
Rehearsal soon downtown!
hahahhahaha you're an awesome loser
In my move I had 810 boxes of books.
I love to read  will reread, but it's time to consider buying a Kindle or Nook.
Game day!
Last one of the career!
When have you seen God's glory?
I walk on jimmy nd smoke on loud!
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 69F FAIR

pierogies fried with onions, and garlicky spinach on the side.
not a bad dinner for about zero effort.
Danish restaurant Noma declared world39;s best restaurant  for the third time
Holding your hand.
The Tribal Garden DVDs were just resent out.
Merry Christmas :
Mike Tyson  also now in Hall of Fame!!
was fighting every two weeks for the first year of his Heavyweight professorssional career  amazing
Leave a comment on the video!!
Splurge Gang ft Waka Flocka
Fixed!
Thank you!
Steam 3 women meet in the steam room at a local health club staring Ruby Dee, Kate Siegel, Ally Sheedy, Chelsea Handler, Reshma Shetty
Overheard: I'm glad you're living the 16year old life.
Jeezy Super Freak
Cant wait til this weekend
Loved the film!
Saw it at ,Sat in back of your parents and sister.
DIrector Q  A was great!
true I missed the last one
Procter amp; Gamble 3Q net income slips
haha that sounds good and tasty and Ill be waiting for it ;
RT : Free public higher education in the US would cost 15  30 billion.
What we spent on air conditioning in Iraq ...
I'd be quite proud.
LOL
Lmao when I sent her the Tarantula Milkshake.
Ewww.
But funny.
Looks great!
Headers r 2 light and blend in to the white background.
Consider diff color and possibility Google Web Fonts.
Please pray for Katie Bissey.
She lost her mom tonight.
Nothing's better than dead of night.
You can pretend to be a thug and fantasize about mugging someone.
Off to the beach, lots of sun, margaritas and plenty of golf!!
Back in a week.
Based solely on the series as try are the eastern conference would Be: Florida vs Ottawa and Philadelphia vs Washington
RT : Sat.
April 21st from 10am2pm River Run Computers, Inc.
Electronics Recycling Day here at IndependenceFirst.Recycle!
Misting is just more fun.
Is that like a Matt Diaz scenario?
Im having a tasty beverage beer
Still in line for my iPhone.
Play words with friends?
Get at me...I'm projectmattnyc let's goo!
Hah, clever man, you!
treat her like a princess, fuck her like a porn star
sorry I lost Your number:
It didn't tell me the loc of the nearest copy of the book I scanned, but it did inform me of a special at DQ so, win overall
Want to deliver a great product that adds substantial value to your patients' well being?
Chk out how to get your own CareShop through EBA
Copy from one, it's plagiarism; copy from many, it's research.
poo.
Thank you
I wouldn't mind having one of those..
So my computer fails me during the most important time for me.
interesting place
I have no sentiment at all for the Rose Bowl.
It's as meaningful as the Flint MegaBowl.
Tigers had 100 opportunities to win this game, but too sloppy.
That last second shot by MSU just sucked!
DMX is definitly gonna blow up angelina oh man....
hmm, does the bear have claws?
Like could he accidentally hurt me?
why do you regret getting your tatts
WORD RT more importantly,love people for WHO they arenohate nojudgement nocondemnationsalutes the roman empire
My dog is trowing up so we woke up, usually start watching show 1!hr later
R: I need something to punch a hole in this with.
A: Why do you need to punch a hole in it?
R: So everyone will know I punched a hole in
Wolfe and Monument Tuesday 11 to 2...
stop by for lunch
pretty funny
Looked down at my car's mileage and it read exactly 79,000
Agree!
They really are lovely, Nadja!
:
You are a wise man.
Pussy like medication for patients.
Weezy
haha ;D just followed u back!
ERASE RACISM Eracism ripTrayvonM BARACK THE VOTE 2012!
The land of THE free and home of THE brave
Waiting for a perfect beginning is worse than expecting a happily ever after, both in writing, and in life.
Just dive in.
Start anywhere.
is new to this.
I'm finding more bars and restaurants are not offering pitchers of beer.
This disturbs me.
Good girl!
You promised you would wait for them to get there.
Be very careful tonight!
He may exterminate me for saying that, but he is the cutest candidate
Great seeing you and Rob again :
Time for madmen!
I miss lost.
Sometimes my Twitter feed induces cognitive dissonance.
Like Extreme Channel Surfing.
Rhinos are just fat unicorns.
If we'd give them the time attention they deserve and diet:They'd reveal their majestic ways.
FBCD new faces and new followers on board!!!
It's getting ready to EXPLODE to new highs!!!
someone hacked your account.
Up to 185 flicks that aren't actually good enough to watch, but put in Netflix instant queue to think about but never actually watch later.
take the audition, win the job, and then use the money to buy an iPad!
win/win
isn't she great?!?
Np Healing  Beenie Man  Lady Saw
NFL NEWS: doctorft still in first round on the 26th pick.
Cant wait until the 49ers make there selection.
Suggestion: could we do the Nerf war tomorrow night :
All I gotta say is THunder up!!!!!
Lets Go!
Isn't today that Kony day thing?
Interesting day to choose...
I need some Umami Burger in my life right now haha.
Haven't had a burger in weeks.
want a rich chocolate tan or a subtle glow?
we can get you ready for shorts  swim suits!
This game at RIT sounds like a blast  what a way to engage the students and the faculty!
congrats on the impending arrival, Rosanna!
Check my French.
that's just wrong!!!
LOL
Remember to click Save every once in a while with the stormy weather today.
You don't want to lose your work when the power goes out.
: Yup.
I liked the conductor/symphony metaphor.
Catching up with friends at Ladoctor
very good sign!
Cheers!
m espresso
When I Was A Little Girl My Favorite Cartoon Was Scooby Doo.
I Still Love That Show!
anyone else feel like today was a Vampire Weekend kind of day?
Tropical in Chicago
well if we are going to sware bowdlerize...
I wish I could get Outlook to play the Pop Goes the Weasel sound for those emails that completely redirect my day.
RT : great big idea suggests moving away from documentcentric view of web archives.
think about them as data corpora
Totally!
Bringin Tupac back every night.
Awesome list of top 25 Daddy Blogs !
Also if you haven't checked out DaddySwag.com yet, we would love your feedback!
:
Not amazing, just lucky.
I was fitted 4 my 1920's suit yesterday  found out I am in a scene w/ Kelly MacDonald.
I'm so AMPED!
You like cocktails?
You should follow Big things coming...
It's ongoing work.
Reach out to and he and Rick can fill you in.
great publication, thanks for sharing!
two invites to sb parties where there will be outstanding food.
what is funny is neither of these parties likes pro football, hah.
Dont worry about the world ending today, its already tomorrow in Australia
yes for sure...mini sobcon reunion :
thanks for the training today looking forward to helping COkids and
mister Wright is the greatest teacher of all time.
I think i'm bipolar

that's what makes you beautiful.
You mean DE, not TE?
woot woot!
Can't wait to see it!
didn't know about SPSS text mining  is that standard with SPSS or an addon?
Love catching up with !
If this is my last tweet ever, know I went out eating some delicious heartclogging shit.
thanks.
Not sure my computer battery has the stamina to hang in here.
Haha
Add my Request On Skype
With my pops having lunch.
Brighthouse Sports Network is showing the replay of last week's game vs.
the Soul right now for those who are interested!
Heard one full song Underneath 2daz ago and still pulling my jaw off the floor.
It's a monster!
You gonna sing that live?
DM to explain...
Everyone's exhausted.
This one's gonna come down to the goaltenders...and Ovechkin sitting for most of the past three third periods.
Houseguest  housecleaning  confronting the 2ft.
stack of poetry books Ive yet to read
US Marine Corps Day!
I'm not scared of very much.
I've been hit by lightning and been in the Marine Corps for four years.Lee Trevino
you two look nice so I followed
Happy Friday....Millions of people would love to be you.
Haha keeping staring these tits win trophies
Can you DM an email addoctorss I can send some info we want you to have?
Tall nonfat latte for your editor?
No she is my cousin.I think Juana is her mom
Don't deny it ...Embrace your inner Illumanati ...lol...Jk....I know its dope tho!
LUV you dolls: So happy for coming to NYC just for meeting you !!
it Still hasn't hit me that im done with High School.
West Memphis at that!
i thought it was amazing how he out did him self instead of someone else
How is everyone doing today?
:
Guess we might hear a certain song tonight in celebration?
We'll go down this road till it turns for color to black and white.
RT : Historic moment.
So proud to see our Pres come out in support of marriage equality and full equal rights for ALL Americans.
cheddar soup from panera
I have the CBR.
It's pretty good.
Gonna take me a while to get used to the art, I think.
I really wish I knew ANYONE that still lives in
At dcweek being marketed to by Ford with ..
Waiting for digital tips from postsecrets
Never mind there his punk ass go right there
I love you!!!
ha!
that's some clever sh!!
your domestic partner in rhyme must 3 2 stuff his sak in your grill, this is otown boy.
I think this is a great time to remind everyone that it's turtles all the way down.
Um, google dog port.
It's a comfortable canine carrying device.
Perfectly logical destination for a coach on fight day
also refs fall for flops and flailing too many times
no more murderers nextdoor.
spring cleaning with all the windows open and the music up.
what a great day
Missing most of ToC bc we're heading to Moab UT tomw for a week of hiking plus a day of mtn biking.
Just downloaded the ToC app!
The Seafood Festival in Pompano Beach, FL starting today to Sunday.
Check the weather!
Any chance this special extends a week?
How much is single day next week?
I can't find it on the website.
thx
Why does project Newt the winner when he is 4 behind Mitt?
trying to buy member tix for xponential but the form that confirms membership is failing with several PHP errors.
nice.
Building?
I love downtown.
hahaha only mine was a hardy 2 hour nap!!
So stressful
Phew!
David Guetta shuffled on and saved me.
Doing dishes to Nothing But the Beat is new...ugh I need to go back to Cali
Happy Birthday XOXO
Winter is coming and Mumbai bistro it ready to make deliveries in philadelphia order online  WWW.MUMBAIBISTRO.COM
Happy to meet you over the twitter skies!
well, hopefully the food made it worthwhile...
BUILD CONFIDENCE CREATIVITY AND DISCIPLINE at YAT SPRING REGISTRATION FOR k12 open NOW!
www.yatkids.org
Thank you so much to our speakers, partners, patrons and guests who joined us yesterday and made our 26th Annual Luncheon a great success!
Oh, and I need all 700 of my followers to go follow
Friday night, chillin with my lady in the cut, knockin bak PBRs, watchin Bumbles exceed my expectations of crap.
They r turrible!
we're home!
Apparently past Nuggets stalker gets charged with trespassing as she was banned from home games.
catch the faith inspired Innovators music group during lunch hour concert today.get more o them cokesbury shop to get a.copy of our cd
Well, it's either that or , I guess.
Website is finally up and running!!
Head over and check it out!
Weekly Recap April 14th: Lost Planet 3 Announced, Capcom Vs B, GTA Launch Date?
New release dates surface for Grand Theft Auto V , Capc
o not much work
Reading Chesnutt's The Future American as sarcastic and ironic?
I have my doubts and think we should take him seriously.
It has its nice parts, but I know what you mean.
Sorry traffic bad.
Hoping beautiful weather may make up for it!
Welcome back :
RED.
It's Valentine's Day afterall...
the fireworks were nice....I can't wait til the 4th...I heard they are five times better
People in areas around Hutchinson 50 miles west of MSP should keep alert to potential for rapidly developing severe tstorms now.
Thanks Steve
just signed up for vimeo!
fucking awesome!
The awkward moment when your bus is dead silent, and Legally Blonde is blasting through your headphones, and you don't even know it.
Hot friday night date.
He said he's going to punish me.
His name is Quicken.
im so tried
thanks for the reply
When it comes to texting I'm really bad at replying.
Happy VeteransDay to all  but especially to all who serve or have served our country.
Thank you for your service.
Why is Daniels on Horford?
I've heard nice things of that place.
Good suggestion!
Thanks!
like three of each.
If you want it to look like that pic
I'm a dude
Thank you for following us hope you enjoy our great deals and tweets.
oh you know a lil titleist D3 with a Fubuki 72 gram stiff in her
you got it :
A final happy hour at before the office move.
My wife's birthday is today and I ate way too many cupcakes.
I can't move.
Maybe I shouldn't eat for another week.
Ask Tedy, What did Belichick tell team during losing streaks when Tedy was still there?
As love without esteem is capricious and volatile; esteem without love is languid and cold.
Jonathan Swift
Indy Reads is very excited to start Reading Coach Training tonight!
Vote for the Glove too!
Text reads to 86132!
If I could get people to send me  to write a series if what not to do selfhelpers, I'd make millions.
Or maybe rent.
dude this shiit is amazing!!!!!!
Best zombie film/show ever!!
My phone updated.
I have a sneaking suspicion that even though it says 4G, it's not really 4G.
LOL too much time on your hands today.
Following from EAV mission!
Welcome the task that makes you go beyond yourself.
Frank Mcgee
One of Pierce's two misses was on a heat check 3point attempt.
He's 7of9
Thanks for the Black Keys info Apparently I am even later than you!
There are more than four times as many American patents as there are species.
OMG AW is right!!
3
Yum.
Wait ...
I think we're supposed to focus on the health food angle.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Thank you for following!
if you were a super hero, what would your super power be?
bigger treat for me, seeing u!!!!
Almost a full moon and I'm feeling rambunctious!
DC watch out tonight!
Half of my hood Sunset Park are boricua...i wonder how they feel
Thats amazing.
Any good stories?
2 select tacos, Dos Equis Amber, Tecate and Modelo!
Plus 2 mystery shots.
Keep the holiday party rolling with BelAir Cantina!
: Oh I LOVE Rebekah, and hope to work w/ her 1 day.
And am now a follower of Maria!
Thanks!
TNX I JUST FOLLOWED HIM TOO
Having my assistant doctorve me to the airport this morning made me feel way more bAhler than I actually am ;
Hard doctorgs are the entrance to the devils world
Tweet and retweet were on a boat.
Tweet fell off.
Whose left?
plus u got daddy to help.
Can't imagine ladies who do that all alone.
God bless um
Sone research show that hot girls like to date average guys.
Fuck you Gym, ive never been there and now i never intend to go!
Bike ride creeper's trail, virginia epic!
give PEACE a chance
This one is runnin bad  wheels up midnite or earlier
RT : : LetsBeBlunt yu ain uh bad bitch if u got bad credit  factlol rite
.
Love this movie.
At it again lets get these tracks done.....BAMSQUAD.......OsOFRESHGANG.....we stay fitted !!!!!!!
Thanks for the follow Mark.
Hope all is well.
hahahaha not while being on the tread?
Everybody get theirself in their own mess.
Wow I just doctorpped my phone on my face
Could rafaelnadal be the best?
He's only 25.
The Spaniard has shown he's got what it takes!
Girl, your so pretty!!
:
getting some good cuddle time with the neglected kitties and watching Being Human.
That one player that doesn't high five instead gives a fist
yeah.
I forgot what it was called.
back to library land after 1.5 weeks off with the butter cow, minneapoleans, and a little stint out west.
will perform in Les Folies Intoxique Nov 19 8pm.
Come see an energetic group performance!!!
keep warm and throw big snow balls at the laker fans!!!
Monday's are absolutely the worst .
Watch tonight RT : Getting ready for SNL tonight.
This will be the first performance for
Tell Dan Gilbert to stop complaining.
Build a team around Kyrie Irving, and stop showing bitterness about losing
RT : Boxer Manny Pacquiao is not welcome We are a gathering place for all Angelenos, not a place for intolerance.
yahoonews has said we should get used to it because this is the world we now live in we should boycott yahoo
Sac'rs come to either store for 25 off Sac pkgs..stay tuned 4 more BLOWOUT DEALS comin this week!!
That should become our mascot.
Can we all get one?
One of the funniest weekends I had in a while !!
There's so much pressure from Twitter to buy the new bundle.
The elephant in the room is mental health in the VA.
thank you as well
Amazing Austin
THE MANI W/ THAT COLOR AND THE MOSAIC SOUNDS AWESOME!
I cannot wait to try it!
: RT : Just want 2 go home
I don't fuck with people no more : good living as well in dis hell we call earth lol ware yo single friends at
Happy Birthday !
: 
Our 3rd prediction was nearly perfect.
Lovely Sunday!
Packers vs Eagles then Lakers vs Knicks after!
Totally remember Puff the magic doctorgon!
Do you remember Sigmund and the seamonsters??
I really should be cheering for UNCAsheville right now, seeing that I went to the program's BBall camps as a kid.
How awesome!
You are in the zone!!!
Le Peep Lovers.
guess the  of eggs we scramble, poach, flip, crack  serve each year  win breakfast for 2...pass along to your friends!
Who's this mother fucker on a helicopter
does anyone else hope facebook stock somehow TANKS??
Not even a Noodle bit!!
;
All these couples walking around smiling n shit,wearing red n shit, laughing n shit,ain't a damn thang funny.
She happy because 
Hands down, I love Gwen and her fashion sense.
Thank you for the RT!
aw, thank you!
You do the same :
with new buddy in two gents rehearsal bringin the boys back home
Willis: text forces us to rethink the medium, form into matter, how that inscription involves reading and viewing
More Santorisms: ...you have to comply with this and any federal law...English has to be the main language No, US has no official language
Really Katy perry??
This sucks donkey balls
aww yes I'd love that!
My home sweet home way out in the middle of nowhere.
Horses in pasture and boots on my feet:
what's going on these days?
I see your new app, nice!
lol I know yayyy.
I'm excited because I'm currently mentally exhausted
I really wish some people came with an instructional manual because some things about them I will never understand.
......
MAN YOU GON SEE
I DO IT
Don't forget to check out the blog W.desoto.com
astAte misses you..
Please spin 's I'm Not A Gangsta.
I was jamming to it on the radio this past weekend!
Sick song
Matte White
i know i know, it was last minute!
It twas a tough decision lol
I'm not perfect...I'm authentic
RT : Q3: The bride chooses a high bridesmaid doctorss budget.Do you think its reasonable?
RT Stop crying son!
You going to the gym today RT : Im goin I dont think they let ppl under 5 ft in lol..
We went 21 today at the tourny at u turn we should've won though
It's hard to tell your mind to stop loving somebody when your heart still does.
012312 SMH !
You can slap that nia if he call you a bith
Ashanti Proverb One cannot both feast and become rich.
hello: B
That's one killer font choice.
I love a good, thin san serif.
So art deco.
Perfect, period noir feel!
Relationship Status: Single In a relationship Engaged Married Divorced Waiting for a miracle to happen.
People living deeply have no fear of death
rest easy for cousin greedy imissuy so much i hope you having fun up there iloveuy!
i'll be wearing pink.
is that okay?
lol.
cuz i already packed and y'know.
twitter just told me to stop following people.
k.
Have a great weekend!
Thanks for your support!
You inspire me to do the things I do everyday!
They play Ellie Goulding at Disney thats cool
I don't know which is worse: a dead possum, or a live possum.
Let's go Nadal!
Ha, that's right.
Your very wrong Riley.
I talk to the adults on here more.
I help promote all young talent.
Not just boys.
I'm trying to help you
BRING IT!
ARRRRGHHHHH!!!!!!
a solo ride?
Sounds pretty exciting.
I would like to take this moment to officially announce my candidacy for the executive Student Council.
Nice!!
RT : Bring some copies to MEHRC2012 I need to get a signed copy for
The Haunted Mansion and Journey into Imagination!
extremely warm in madison this week, glad racquetball courts are inside
Bet Fam, its trash you gotta battle against the Midwest, I don't like to see that, but it is what it is.
I want hear mad Barzzzzz.
That first webbie album was a
if it's pizza or nachos, then the answer is always yes
Finally took a moment to see all involved with the Beatles show this weekend.
Then I took a moment to get a ticket.
Anyone with thin hair is going to be psyched about the Invati line from out Jan.
Lots of data on turmeric triggering hair growth.
wish you were here to sing with me how great is our God?
And all will sing how great, how great is our God?!
Watching Misfits.
Super hoodie is fucking awesome Big T
Me: all a kitchen needs is...
Bryce: you
I want One Shining Moment to end with Anthony Davis' unibrow being waxed.
damn Florida get it together......sheesh!
StayStrong everyone loves you.
I hope you get to live your life to the fullest.
Don't let anyone put you down.
Stay strong!
NICE!!!
lifetime ban on the first offense is needed.
the only way they think before they dope
wrapping up a twoday location record with Giant Ideas
Doug the single dad from Seattle looks promising.
Note: not the single dad from Oregon.
Who's ready for happy hour?!
then tell justin 2 follow me
Thanks for the follow  my life just got partified!
Will Ferrell is getting old, but getting funnier.
Dj's Want the Service pack to: Swag In My Snap SwaginmySnap ??
Send ya EMAIL NOW!
: MOM COME HERE IT'S IMPORTANT!
What?
Can you turn my light off?
Lmao this is so me xD
Follow me
i love the new christmas song!!!
3
Inge boo birds in full force at Comerica
ALMOST TIME FOR SOME NFL FOOTBALL!!!!!!
He being lazy again 
yes, robots.
Next up....EP13s, 11.
Americans waste 25 of our food.
So...the Food Recovery Network.
Less Waste.
Less Hunger.
Yes, couchsurfing is definitely an adventure and I'm so with you on the falls.
I have war wounds falls here in JA.
ah thanks!
Was going to google that to find out.
yup.
See u there.
I got the coupon.
:
It can be.
I make my doctorams become reality, so....HA!
:D
Just put on the comfiest clothes I own, a pair of slippers, put on Princess Diaries and sitting down with a bowl of Cheeries
Ladies Day at Slaughters Christian Church  fellowship wonderful.
Bro.
Bill Adcock's message on Turning Points was inspiring.
although the only thing i wished that didnt blew up was my right ear lol its all good though :
On behalf of We'd like to thank NFL players  for their support.
oomf Twitcons look like my dad I was about to say , yo when you get out ....
We are getting excited for March 25th.
it's critical!
One more test tweet  Will it appear on our Facebook page?
Oh my god, I don't even remember that.
my brother is trying to convince me you will never reply I believe him.
you never will
When my little sister has my phone and likes the most random people's pictures on instagram....
haha omg I'm so stupid!
XD I could've googled it!!
This Mother's Day we'll be honoring the motherhood of the 73 of New Yorks incarcerated women who are parents.
Do you know a mom in prison?
In Aurora getting hair product for my wife.
I get asked if I do sew ins!!
Seriously, this girl wanted to know if I did weaves!!!
Conscience is the price we pay for thinking  Avram Ohm
probably not.
We'll see Barney's bride though...
It's totally Robin
I hurt all over...
Sheer exhaustionbed time already
Inch Gauge  Alternative Energy
Tomorrow my last day.
I hate sleepless nights, my brain needs to give it a rest.
I hope the sandman visits  hits me over the head with a giant bottle of NyQuil
Who else is headed to Women 2.0 Found Friday?
I'm honored to share my birthday with a beautiful little girl who I miss very much.
Happy Birthday, Camistern!
Love you!!
1DOhio they're coming in 2013, but we want them NOW!
cause I'm in Dallas
Best looking jersey in all of sports :
Just wrapped up playing photographer at my first photo shoot with and
Happy birthday to me.
:D
aw thanks!
What a child doesnt receive he can seldom later give.
P.D.
James
thanx for following me!
and that is?
waiting for richard ..
Message tones.
Email notifications.
And phone calls.
What do your sounds say about you?
note to self: stop reading newspapers and start reading Astella Action news to learn about Coney Island.
Yay its doctorft day!!!!!
If anyone wants to sell me an iPhone 3GS let me know
bruh who are these niggas tryin to live like?!
how u not make 25 mil last at LEAST a decade
It's Saturday, so you're probably out partying, but make sure to set your TiVo's to record Radiohead on SNL tonight!
Happy Birthday to Nolan Yonkman, Hope you have a great day.
Where can I get one of those shirts, mister Kojima?
:
They played Shadow Days this morning on in San Francisco.
Good night
that one was my favorite, too.
So today's watch was Jim Jarmusch's first real feature PERMANENT VACATION; the vision was there, if not quite the maturity.
Still cool.
A Knoxville expat living in MKE is asking if anyone here sells steamed sandwiches like they make back home.
Anyone seen them here?
Anyone?
Okay, your cool if you are secretly sub tweeting me!
like clock work lmao!
I don't need an Alarm Clock.
I have a Cat.
Live with Passion!!
What are You going to do for FUN today?
To all our European friends..
Good morning!
What do you call your sandwich?
Hoagie?
Sub?
Grinder?
Wedge?
Or just a sandwich?
Be still  know that You are in the hands of the LIVING, LOVING God!
you guys are incredible too!
Seriously can't wait to book something with you guys!
See you there.
oh god...
that should be fun to see
awesome lol i like just woke up
Damn you Jessica Simpson and your cute shoes!!!
so t whom ever is using my photos on twitter knck it the fuck off i never use my photos on twiter if this keeps up im deltting my twiter
Swop to northwestern
tap twice pause, tap three times pause, tap once pause then tap twice

First, open your mind to someone, then open your heart.
you use ground coffee at home?
OneLongDay meeting and greeting  the ActionOnFilm festival!
Find us and say hello!
Follow us on Twitter
Tell yor mom 4 me 2 : RT : Tell your mommy I said Happy Mother's Day 333
There's just one word to describe the band Chicago, and that word is groovy.
we are so excited that adults are getting signed up to be paired with students as mentors who attended this w/e's conference!
God is moving
from time to time more like a news bedlam
Fuuuuuuuuck San Gennaro got Flamingo packed.
Nice.
Top 2,012 songs in 21 yr history of for the next wk or so.
I love Cbus's independent and locally owned radio.
based on our last convo, I think we could easily go for 3 hours.
cc:
Good q.
RT : I'm curious as to what breakdown used to assert young men dominate financial journalism blogging.
back right on top of the castle for the last dance  MVP
Fall in love with someone who deserves your heart.
Not someone who plays with it.
I just seen that Will Smith video  I dont know what was more gayer, the dude trying to kiss him or Will's responding slap
Tornado warning in effect.
Hurricane CATrina has officially arrived.
Go Big Blue!
1989: I do remembeer your name!
are you from younow?
well its gon be a good day for them
Way to go!
RT : Ready to start building some great work for Help us welcome another new client,
Jack is this You???
Thanks for the RT John, have a great evening!
Today in 1992 the Brewers had 31 hits against the BlueJays and crushed them 222.
Some of u girls in twitter are fucking triffling speankin for all my dudes who know...ur fucking gross watchyatweets nigggaaa
N.E.R.D  Lapdance
My body needs the sun bad!
buh then I can't listen to Kirko :/
Diversity typically framed as a challenge, but it should be viewed as a learning opportunity.
Love it!
That's the best thing ever!
sounds familiar.
Thats a smog right?
Peter Vance is a fucking faggot.
I mean that is the most derogatory way possible towards him, and the least possible way towards gay people.
Long day!
Headed to Mavs vs Kings game.
Need a W!!!
Having life time muffins would be awesome
The weather word is NOT sultry!
Be serious.
You reading that 50 Shades of Grey too?
Greatestt newss ever!!!!
I get to go to Falling In Reverses concert Jan.
25 3:
Just leavin 100.7 in milwaukee with interview with for and
Shout out to all the hottie mommies at the mall
Had an awesome social meetup today!
My Singer Doe:D 33 GOOD MORNING Batoul!
its 6:40am rite now.
Shout out to my Home Girl.
F.H.O.D  Follow Her Or Die.
Look outside...IT'S PING PONG WEATHER!
What a nice day to close your Chase account and get a free meal to eat in our patio!
you should always feel special when you're as beautiful as you are 3
Atl this weekend.....its gonna be epic
We hope everyone has a great Q4!
Things turn out best for people who make the best of the way things turn out.
John Wooden
This is gonna be a good year!
He makes me smile : i'll keep him 3
hey!
Thats Whassup.
What u gonna do?
What am I getting myself into...
watch'n A QUILLS sing 'tress' by rush on rockband...
is the highlight of my day.
pretty sure that's the whole reason i was creeped out
everything would look gud on mefine lmao
The difference between a successful person  others is not a lack of strength or lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will
In the theater for midnight showing of the Muppets.
No 3D glasses.
Shoulda brought my boomerang fish.
I applaud your effort.
Work was legit, dealt all the games on day one.
Ready for this duke and north carolina game!!!
Family doctorssing in orange to raise awareness  The Maitland Mercury
Man's inhumanity to traffic laws.
how ever much you leftt
Hi Fresh Nest!!
Those pizza look amazing!!
That was really scary
only an hour?!!
Wow Lions got screwed!!
u right
Did we do something worng?
loved you on WWHL w Andy !
You were Brilliant in So Help Me My God and The Women When you gettin back in the boards?
life is crazy right?
they're cool.
Haha.
As long as they aren't poisonous
.
That is, where there can be leverage, conditions, and rationale for GF rev increases.
GM Can't have one without the other.
Have a Happy Monday :
great win today!
You guys did packer nation proud!
No problem!
Lots of awesome new improvements to collaboration, sharing, navigation, etc.
I hope you like it!
it didn't break the steering wheel locked up that's all.
Hahahahaha!
At the visual pedagogy panel at INCS  S Lennox's paper on Mme Tussaud's wax effigies touch as pedagogy a supplement to written history
if only BDawk were still around...
whatt?!
our homie kreayshawn is gonna be there!
:D
Actually loved the ad!
Words with friends was pretty awesome
In our society, people do not know how to take constructive criticism.
People also do not know how to give constructive criticism.
Man.
I will deffinatly be going to get myself a cheerwine float from cookout after this.
Then working on my school essay.
Grr.Music is har.
we're talking hockey B's v Caps  prez v prez!
Game 7 U'r a stoolie!
just talked to him tonight.
They're headed to Terrell for some culture and entertainment  I don't mean Wal Mart.
Mark Bittman at Isthmus green day explains why he's wearing a suit: Madison is the last bastion of progressivism and deserves respect.
Some people just prefer to send cash through the mail.
I'm just glad it reached me :
get out of MY relationship!
He's on my mind.
I love that Bill Nye had Carl Sagan for college astro
come back to Saint Louis already, mang!
I've been sleeping literally ALL damn day smh!!!

You'll be mine Hello Hello HelloHello Hello Hello
Funny funny ha ha!!!
.
great show  blue bear benefit the other night.
the jam w/kids was really fun.
bring trigger hippy to !
you don't need an expertise, just need connections!
it's frustrating when good players leave.
Bummer
gonna do the duggie and call all my friends bc followed meh oh my Bieber so happy
So true!
RT One of the best protections against disappointment is to have a lot going on.
This will be our final week of Karaoke in Bellevue's Nomu Lounge...
come in this Thursday evening to sing farewell!!!
GUYS!
I just had a thought.
Davy Jones died on a leap day so we can only have a yearly retrospective every fourth year.
It is important to magnetize your mind and engage our heart in worthy goals that you can get exited about achieving.
Helping a friend in need, no matter the time or effort, to the best of your ability, ...means loyalty
Enjoyed this!
Very informative
Sitting in on the first jenclass summer edition
2No vengeance wanted But aren't accidents usually unpreventable?
Has Texas Gun Culture made use of accident too easy re: gun deaths
Dad put a link out saying that Susan Stapleton is the new president at Western Michigan University.
I was Choking On Soda!
Omfg.
I'll give it to you tomorrow after I get out school.
Just finished your bookDo You.
It was so amazing.
I'm really activating what I learned and incorporating it into everyday life.
I'm gonna skinny dip in the ocean real soon.
: I wonder if I died would tears come to her eyes , forgive me for my disrespect forgive me for my lies ...
hip!
Not sure if you are aware during the commercial breaks your mic is open, can here your entire conversation...
Mobile and tech games are all well and good, but how about Battleship?!
People love board games.
started with season 1!
Got 3 episodes down hallelujah for streaming Netflix
haha that or Elton John and a California Raisin claymation.
pandora stopped working.
Ef
Adoctoran Fenty delivering keynote at summit!
Well, I haven't left my room in three days, so you know where to find me!
Guessing hoping to throw a congrats party for Cotto?
the myth of east coast baseball is stretching pretty far if it has to claim TX as the fmisterWashington senators.
I will say that has some serious burger skills.
Cc
Girls who post Nudes and complain that guys are creeps crack me up.
Sunday fun days are the best!!
Glad to see u!!
Didn't expect to find so many ppl on here who are fans.
I'm Honored If anyone would like an autographed Picture DM me your addoctorss.
My challenge is endusers mostly familiar with modern boundaries, searching records coded with ancient parishes/counties.
lol plan b is right.
I haven't talked to you in forever.
Where have you been???
Thank you Catey!
Hope you and Jay are doing well!
xoxo
wats up foxy
yea i 4got about the wafflehouse
People say you don't know what you have until it's gone...truth is, you knew what you had, you just thought you'd never lose it.
The Adamouski international art competition for all emerging and professorssional artists is soon to be launched, stay tuned!
: Who can tell me where the dog with no legs is?
hehe ;p right where you left him.
Lol
Thanks to for sponsoring SMBFW.
We appreciate the bacon!
Saints 49ers  Best game I've seen in a long long time.
Unreal!
Something tells me Tebow will do something interesting tonight.
Just ate...now its time for a nap
This just in ....
would look VERY HOT in new Terps uniform ....
then again, she'd be HOT in a burlap sack ....
The Bermuda Triangle can get lost in s beard.
No commitments have been made to host midwestUX in other cities.
We've had interest and want to explore and discuss options.
BieberQuote: Interviewer: what is love?
justin: uh..
have you ever had a dog?
hahaha oh justin : silly
23 more week school days till summer vacation!
:
Follow back?
Four hour nap.
bestpartofvacation?
With Eyes Open And Ears Tuned We Engage In Creative Action.
It's a fine day to be alive in Milwaukee.
Go Brewers!
doctorving to work today and southbound LSD is at a crawl.
Knicks showing some tenacious d in Dallas
When I'm biking and I pass a cute girl I casually take off one hand because, duh, I look way cooler biking with one hand

just left the city to go to Baltimore....
Go to fatsickandnearlydead.com time to change our lives.....
It is not what we take up, but what we give up, that makes us rich.
Henry Ward Beecher
thanks for visiting....happy birthday to your brother
I love me sum she always has gr8 tweets...
and she's beautiful also!?
I got little sisters that I have to take to toys r us at least twice a week untill we fill up the basket.....we leave
I'm told it was Beat The Hawks.
Not sure the Redsox could beat them either.
Everyone keeps saying your gay ....
Is that true
U Gone Wish U Did Right...
If you are still having issues with your browser please contact our customer support: thx!
rt this if you love sarah33
I'm gonna go to Cali in the winter  try to tan.Haha imagine how many horrified looks I'll get.Yea well my winter consists of 0 deg.
weather
Tess just said oh narts..what does that even meanwhere did she come up with that?
Edmond  slow moving trains.
Every.
Time.
Two thousand dollars for ice?
I can get an Eskimo for two hundoctord dollars and make my own ice.
Horse Feathers
Thank you!
3
Whew...long day!
Glad that dude is finally sleep...he was bouncing off da walls.
Still love him though.
Get better.
33
Hey liam3 follow me?:
.WARPED TOUR PLEASE?
DETROIT!
only reason i will go so go!
3
Any haikus you want to send our way?
removing Kony is a noble goal, but underlying probs also have to be solved or he'll just be replaced by a new thug.
Should teachers and students be Facebook friends?
San Jose Mercury News
Pete must be beside himself  BonIver!
10ThingsThatILike making simple, easy choices to be ecofriendly
Coming up only on 8  a homeowner pulls out a gun to stop some burglary suspects.
The details on at 11.
Aquarius MB guy of the day: Roc
I agree :
awesome cute, you are blessed, nice blog as well.
I've spent the last 2 years building something really special for networkers.
My dads ringtone is tryin to catch me ridin dirty hahaha
It sucks that my parents won't let me pay for 's fan club
ugh waiting till i get home to see him, sucks!
gah!
Seems simple enough.
Depending on how big your cups are.
Getting my hair cut today and will finally have time to do some Haus work!
: TOMORROW U KNOW
Bye bye Bulls...
a great song woulld have to be sterio love
Oh haha ya that always helps :
Patriots vs Giants!
2007 rematch!
Superbowl!
thanks for following, Ronnie!
Followback done and done.
yo tech I was right next to that girl an dude at the vegas show that bitch was tripin stupid
as max with the dog :
have ooddllleesss of fun, love!!
we will do any number of discs, guarantee the cheapest price and fastest turnaround.
visit us at datadisc.com and get a quote!
listening to Mark Levin's audio book Ameritopia on the way to work..
Just got to the chapter on Alexis de Tocqueville  and wow!
I.LOVE.COLLEGE.
thank you brother!
PLAY harder!
This isht is FUN!
Complexity does not equal value
The most blatant lie known to humanity: I have read and agreed to the terms of service
Notes from my Kindle: 's Hard to Say is followed by a book called: Her Husband's Harlot.
'Tis good, dirty company to keep.
trying to get u me and tommy together for a practice
so follow me
What will you do tonight after dinner is made and kids/pets are happy?
Make yourself warm  happy with some healthy tea!...
Austin is almost taking off his braces :' Ladies if you think he's sexy now imagine when he takes em off .
Yes, I promise I will do plenty of Victoria for all the victorians tomorrow .!
The sun is always shining somewhere; 3
Good morning Austin....
Learning about board member fundoctorising from Chris Sommerich and Derrick Feldman great session and presenters.
that works too hahaha
Responded to FIRE  11543 219th St, Queens, NY 11411.
Red Cross auto update.
Speaks volumes about the guy if he's willing to protest plus has an outstanding bill at the restaurant
Omg i love
This bitch is annoying!
how about a retweet and a follow for America's largest entirely student run financial institution.
eeeeep!
I can't wait !
Let me know when !!!
clothe me...
its getting cold out
Going over my student loans, Clown College seemed like a no brainer...
but after 9/11 clowning wasn't the cash cow it used to be...
I got another puppy today!
:
lol jokes on you
You shouldn't fight a battle if there's nothing to win.
Oh goody my moms talking shit about me on the phone to who knows.
Okay.
Great.
Dance rehearsals !!!
Because now Ive been asked to preform for a special event !!!!
Awsome !
Why doesn't our gov borrow the equipment from other countries to handle the Golf oil spill.
The day everybody believed!
Happy Easter!
Great to hear!
Great parents make great kids :
I LOVE YOU TOO :
I just txted you
u speak the truth.
I mean who the f would wnna have 4 wives at the sm time?!?!?!??!
RT : The Productive Scholar: Today at noon in Princeton's Whig Hall: Lecture captainre Apps with Angel Brady.
Please come!
when a group of guys make it well known that they're checking you out..that shit is awkward
2 weeks left to collect UW student sigs.
Meet at 11:30 or 1:30 in front of the Madison Fresh Market on University and Lake St.
What store around here has the pineapple white owls??
space mountain!
You don't train leaders you develop them  a subtle yet important distinction lost on many.
no it's not.
Tell Marla to get out of the bottom one I'm afraid it might fall on her :/
I Feel Like Slapping Everyone Around Me!
When we start our archivist rock band, I will just start screaming random phrases like ARCHIVAL IMPERATIVE
It's not how much we give but how much love we put into giving.
Mother Teresa
THAT made me laugh...
laughter is good to soothe my soul.
can i please get to 300 followers before midnight 2 hours hit RT
doctornks tonight to celebrate the day of my birth!
Who's joining me??
you are awesome!!
blind start sprint are the best :
yes!
will DM you!
God damn it.
I get it already!!!!
Jezz!!!
RT : New study shows single people die younger than married people.
Following for updates on rosander hearing.
Caucus Experience: Awesome!
I won my first campaign...I was elected as a Precinct GOP Delegate and Precinct GOP Secretary!
going to head to little 5 tonight.
Going to the porter.
You guys should join
Pretty sure this bus just never showed up.
I guess metro doctorvers play warm weather hooky too.
MA Tip of the DayMake sure your financials are in order.
When it's time to sell you will be thankful  your business will be worth more.
Happy May!
3 days till NYC :
Guys it's May.
And May means Bamboozle.
And Bamboozle means it's the best time of the year.
R.I.P.
The Clubhouse in Tempe.
: You will be missed.
M, LOL am looking to get out early today, a very long week
I've put remoteip app.dev into a hosts file and accessed a pow app that way.
I run IE tests on a VM that way.
follow come see them April 15th at the Harley Museum Milwaukee's WingFest
Thoughts and prayers go out to comedian Patrice O'Neal  his family.
Get well soon.
I'm not ashamed to admit I'm an ass guy.
SoFatINeedaLapDance 
It doesn't matter where u r n ur Life, it's INEVITABLE that u'll encounter unconditional Love...
WhatchuGonDo when it comes for YOU????
Yes!
The G8: human rights  fundamental freedoms..
birthright of all individuals..
including gay, bisexual or transgender individuals
I want a baby Tortoise :
I can no longer deal with people who can't park in the lines.
Build your audience.
The most valuable thing you will have in business is your list!
finishing rereading my screenplay for my submission!
Feels so good to enter a competition!
Party at my crib!
They are used to plug bullet holes.
O, a snow storm.
At least that is what news called it.
Only 32 inches less than last years storm!
Twitter and Facebook are allowing us to find out things before news breaks, earthquakes hit etc  how do you leverage that?
how do i get your fan mail addoctorss ?
3 11
Yeah aren't you a great friend ...
Don't forget to sign up for ISC East before October 2 for EarlyBird pricing.
And when you get there, say hello to the SSSi Team Members.
Maybe cause it gots all our guys in one?!?!?!?
Whose dog walked around the neighborhood today?
shitfangirlssay i love them more then you.
So stfu.
I care!!
Lol I get embarrassed looking so rough!
LORD HAVE MERCY ON US ALL
For those of you who don't vote for a catholic or christian president: it's called freedom of religion!
Life is like a ten speed bicycle.
Most of us have gears we never use.
Charles M.
Schulz
send your music link to,
Idk man I just really love and miss seeing and they have a show the day after my birthday but its all the way in PA :..
Love it, thanks!
Butting in: I didn't think he wrote Underneath and Kickin' In either.
Right?
I thought I saw the list of the writers...
To next psychiatrist: Do you want me to doctornk myself to death and strangle you first?
Then pull out the little pad and write the scripts.
Ideally, you can use Hart as trade bait for young shortstop.
Gamel in mix at first.
Carrie Remake Lead Actresses Shortlist; Director Confirmed via
bad recollection on my part...knew u'd have the answer.
Enjoy the media questions on pace, the bs has started already
And, I see that still remains true.
I'd also like to add that you resemble a poorman's Peter Jackson.
: Walmart has championship belts on sale by all the packer stuff loloops.
Buy me one
OMG, the season finale of the Vampire Diaries!?
Not sure how I feel about it yet :/
callPETA and order a bucket of KFC continue the
they dont hold real niggaz back forever
: Big sale on Cressey and I's new Functional Stability Training for the Core product ends tonig ...
Thanks everyone for your support!!
I'm going to eat a ton of food now :
Yup, still here.
Couple more weeks and then a small break before I return again.
I don't have any nice sneakers, aside from my Adidas Millenium Falcons.
I love her name...what a cool name
It's great that everyone everywhere is doing CLYBOURNE PARK.
On the other hand, does everyone everywhere have to do CLYBOURNE PARK?!
Goin to the movies .
:
Why do we need an excuse?
In the '93 diary there's a table ranking boys: TwoFacedeness is a variable.
We should do this.
Happy Saturday!
Its warmer, the snow is melting and we are open until 4PM!
That'd be interesting if Room Raiders came to my room!
shiittt : how did he die?
thats well awful
my pic is not made for twitter...im an egg...:
Kaitlin Clinnin's calling for more holistic understanding of digireal embodiment
Headed to see my probation officer...50 Cent's In The Club is playin on the radio..REMEMBER WHEN THIS SHIT CAME ON IN THE CLUB?!
KKRAAZY!!
Today's just a shitty day.
to know me is to to know I'm always late with everything
George Zimmerman who killed Trayvon Martin after stalking  forcing him to react inorder to use deadly force is now seeking online donations
Man if u follow me I will follow u back
Another vegan actress!
We need to start a club.
:
wtf is wrong with Avon?
Might as well stay home if you are voting third party.
Very excited for two great shows next week!
Dec 1: Love of Everything w/ Max Dvorak!
Dec 2: , , Now Now,  !
Huge difference!
IMAX has explosive sound quality.
If anyone's college would like to have us play, let us know!
my boobs will hear about this
At Persons of Interest in Brooklyn.
Love this barber shop.
In September, a tractortrailer crashed near Terre Haute, Ind., and precipitated a traffic jam when the cargo caught fire.
The truck was...
What it do
totally wants to be that guy.
I can picture him dancing in that jacket.
:
i 3 what kids say!
i'm allergic to dogs  cats.
as he walks away, that's when i had the asthma.
kindergartener
Go b's Ovechkin is ruthless, Flatten em Chara!
where you working at in tha ville?
Dance for me one time dance for me two times clap that ass 4 times as fast make me smile
your sermon really left me feeling convicted and completely spoke to my heart :
use the tub.
I hope 2 play a role in helping u do so!
This yr it's a really good team  a stateoftheart facility.Hope 2 c u  the ballpark.
every min we spent together was the best for me.I loved you so much and still do: /3
Work partay tonight!
I might get there right at the start so I can wander around emp before the fashionably late show up.
what kind of motorcycle do you own?
Which is your favorite bike?
I'm just a small part of , but I'll help you out however I can ;.
They were the fox game too.
ENJOY BEING THE RED SOX
Opening day!
Time to get money come in and visit
Good morning.
great tunes on your youtube page.
dont say that al sharpton will get u
when is the beta coming?
I'm ready for some podcasts on the go.
Today's the day!
Last day to register with the Early Bird rate don't miss out!
ed class 2day.
:
Premium support is a polite term for a coupon that loses value over time.
The Ryan Medicare plan spells insolvency for seniors.
yeah!
:D
happy mothers day baby.
;
It's Bobby DeNiro.
;
its just not the same :
ya know, i'd be lying if i said i didn't want the same thing ;
Business Networking with a heart service.
Others1st enjoying Tammy Mutter's presentation.
some one DM me:
I just saw a bird hit the window in mcdonalds right beside my head ....
not gonna lie it was pretty funny
lmao hit that bike!
Where will UNM's Darington Hobson go in this Thursday's NBA doctorft?
Who's Your FAVORITE CATER?
That's it!
Police salute...
MardiGras over!
WIFYR morning session is over; wow, we covered a lot about contracts and business.
and a little about worldbuilding.
All good!
rock on!
Game 7 Heaven is Wednesday Night!
Cheering loud and proud for the Bruins BeacuseItsTheCup !!
We lived catering lunch to the gothicon attendees today.
Stop by soon for more good eats!
Thanks for following, Debra.
I have sent you a direct message, okay?
yep that was me
hey stop pretending to be on CSI Miami.
You weren't even on The press release.
Ima be posted up chilling all weekend.
No Kam.
Thank u
If people are made for each other's fate, then how could they not left, still destiny will bring them together ...
We're making a SPOOKTACULAR HALLOWEEN table display right now!
O!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If my last tweet sounded dorky, you just haven't recognized how inherently cool press conferences are.
Getta ask questions and stuff  cool
And they do this daily?
lololol welcome to my tweetin party party party
hopefully no more waiting :
If you press me to say why I loved him, I can say no more than because he was he, and I was I
SAY WHAT?!
So ready for the month of may!
It's by far my favorite month of the year!
Occupy Atlanta
I have faith in your abilities.
I won.
Eternal sunshine for the spotless minds
favorite player to watch growing up?
Penny Hardaway?
Out of the 11 million players you are the first case of virtual indecency
OMG YESS !
ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!!
20
It's BIKE MONTH, OUR 4th BIRTHDAY, and a GORGEOUS DAY!
Triple threat!
Stop by and see us, y'hear!
If you don't like butter, you have no soul.
Make reservations for tomorrow's Bacon Butter  Bourbon at 694 Wine  Spirits.
4926620
I wore shorts on a rainy day:'
older players have to scratch their heads when last place is close to what then won.
Just would like love of game
I do not understand either.
I guess the ask for too much of her and the get disappointed everytime
Words cannot express how happy I am :
signed w/ the Lions
I could go for some morning sex and a blunt.oh yeah and some fruit snacks
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
no invite for badly festivities?
Oh SAD!!!
RIP Maurice Sendak, Please don't go.
We'll eat you up.
We love you so.
Maurice Sendak, Where the Wild Things Are
Is in love with
I'm not allowed to bet, but if I could, I'd bet on you.
Well it's gonna suck tonight sittin in the stands almost my whole track meet...I can barely do any of my events 
Thanks, I'm really happy with how this came out.
Nice job !!!
Spending my day off rustin in Tustin.
That's what I get for putting off car repairs for so long.
Q1 Be confident.
doctorss the part.
Take on added responsibilities.
Don't always run to other staff to handle patron conflicts.
You can now get vagina at Barnes  Noble.
Wait, nook is slang for vagina right?
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Breath Remedy Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
A Crossed Arms pose is a well known defensive posture that attempts to protect oneself.
It is unsure, insecure, nonalpha.
It's stupid bad
You a basic ass, simple ass, dumb ass skank hoe if you believe STD means 'Suck this dick' ...hoes these days getting dumber by the minute
I hate it that NARAS/ LA hosts the Grammys in music capital of world and we do not get to see it live on TV
How's your desk look today?
We went looking for the messiest desks in the Twin Cities.
See what the clutter says about us tonight at 10.
Lawrence Branch, 55, had been fighting with his son, Joshua, 31, about a swamp cooler, in Farmington.
And then he shot his son in the thigh.
Romney compared to an Etch A Sketch, stock soars 300.
I just bought 2000 shares of Silly Putty.
Now waiting for the comparison to Gingrich.
got to spend time with Jim  the brains behind Firecrest!
40 person Tri camp loved wheel tech.
You shouldn't blame it on the sunshine, or on the moonlight, or on the good times.
You should just blame it on the Boogie!
Life is overrated but it gets better as you go.
:
I think i'm about to jog the rest of the way home.
it's okay...happens to the best of us.
Mine is still in the box.
We can't wait to welcome you!
See you soon!
New Futurama in June?
Fuck and yes.
doctoraming isn't like fishing.
You can't sit there n wait for a bite.
Its like catching butterflys.
You have to chase it
90 of all the oceans' large fish have already been removed from the seas.
odd facts
You keep saying you want your knight in shining armour and you keep looking so hard for him, when in reality he's been here the whole time
Me me me ; RT : I'm thinking astate for college.
Roommate anyone?
Did Jay Buhner just refer to a flare basehit as a duck snort?
Up on time finally set my alarm right!!!
To me, people live at intersections with various differnent inroutes, exits.
Art lives there too  can also come and go.
it's kinda funny when guys act gay with their friends but if you start saying i'ma rape you, foo!....that's kinda creppy.
Just got out of skool:
doesn't even relize that a simple hey, hi or hello would make my life!
33333.
well hello Twitter...
how I've missed you today!
Hilarious: just previewed a scenario by which wins Michigan...
Kauffman panel started with bit of an embarrassing display of wet kisses from the libertarian moderator to the 2 libtns on the panel
Everytime you hit her from the back, make sure that she hears nothing but gun sounds BANGBANGBANG!
What are the probabilities that the unbundledu predictions actually come true?
I'm weak at this nigga with these purple shoes on XFactor smh
damn it, I forgot about that session.
Every day is a gift  even if it sucks.
Sherry Hochman
I love ridin the bike wit my popz so relaxin
Roses are red, violets are blue, i'm not good at poems....
Nice butt.
not as much as they like their bottoms to be.
I agree.
Love love love that Matt Bomer is on Glee tonight.
This rain 
Is It Jus Me Or Do All Old Ppl Be Mean As Fuck Haha
Nothing I see can be taken from me
Dear face wash commercials, nobody actually splashes their face with water like that.
Sincerely, my whole damn bathroom floor is wet.
Well, I'm off to mow the moss...I mean grass.
Without morals and values, we are as nothing...and become as mirrors  a reflection of what radio  tv want us to become.
Thanks for the FF!
Nice start to the weekend!
RT :
I'm sorry...how was your night?
Never trust a computer you can't throw out a window
well hello ;
Wow did February fly by!
Come by Enoteca tonight for our new style of cheese or meat plates!
Uhum we'll see RT : ima hit you up when I get out da shower..
Man the struggle is real out here
Can't believe jeff fuller didn't get doctorfted either
Lml RT : I would rather go with a MONKEY !
lmao
Sorry, you just made your roommate sound fun!
It's hard to choreograph to Apologize !!!!
country must be country wide
RT : We're glad you think so!
What's your favorite?
Interestingly, 2010 Biltmore Res Chard  2010 Banner Elk Cab.
I'm wondering what the chances are that Manny Parra actually shows us something to give us hope today.
I'm thinking a 19 chance.
: Cinco De Mayo coming this Saturday...
get ready!!
Taking Party Rock to a whole new level!!
uh lets goo!
take home msg: to connect with your peeps at tradeshow, go w/story telling  allow ppl to experience the joy.
immerse them!
Today Monday means work potluck...
Sounds good to me!
I hate not going out but I LOVE waking up with no hangover....and to my mom telling me we're going shopping....and to my EuroTrip tomm 
Battier is the best player out the bench today.
so entertaining..
i can predict it.
hahahah
Always paranoid the work coffee is decaf so I chugged it.
My heart is racing so it's probably regular.
Sunday night already?
who goes too YES prep southeast campus ??
:
I love u merry Christmas best friend!!!
when I was in architecture school classrooms were ttaught in the round made a big difference
Today's scms12 question: BEST PANEL/PAPER SO FAR?
To answer come to Hancock Room, Mezzanine floor.
Make some history.
what picture?
Oh.
Then no.
LOL.
not tonight, but tomorrow and Saturday is gonna be crazy!!!
I'll hit you up tomorrow.
I can't wait for Believe Boyfriend is amazing!
Proud of you Belieber please Justin notice me!
:
5 cheese steaks this week!
Hoes be fuckin it all up for themselves sometimes smh.
SUSAN is Coming to BodyTrends...
Without goals, and plans to reach them, you are like a ship that has set sail with no destination.
Fitzhugh Dodson
I don't have that kind of patience.
Forecast for Friday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening.
Becoming cloudy.
Patchy fog overnight.
Lows 54 to 59.
Light...
I have a small bank that I put my change in when I get home from a day of shopping.
And when it gets full I roll it up.
And I rolled it ...
: No offense against SirPaulMcCartney, but this ain't how I wanted the Grammy's to end..
C'mon now..
WE WANT ADELE.
thanks!
That really means a lot
And the last performance of the evening is Touch composed by alumnus and current Juilliard faculty member Brandon Lee
Just wanted to say HI and THANK YOU to all of our new fans!
Woot!
We're trying to make the process more simple, transparent, and accessible.
President Caperton
Off to North Put!
they're even harder when you have player salaries and budgets to worry about too...
Heading to the flowershow preview.
Maroon Squad!
Spring game 6pm Roy Kidd Stadium
Ask  he would know the answer to such questions!
Me voy a a la mierda...
I have Bieber fever.
Bring me to the hospital to see doctorBieber!!
did you mean to put 3533?
monday blues.....
Blah!
next week flying back to Holland trying to beat the jet lag by returning within 100 hours.
Loving being fueled creatively by the sun shining into my window on this gorgeous day.
70 in San Francisco in November, yes please!
:
oh wait, your fake.
ahahahahaha.
fucker.
My Mom believes in the cleanliness of the cat bath.
Her spit on the used tissue in her purse to keep our faces clean?
oh no
I Rather Be Single Den Be Mistreated, Lied Too n' Cheated On!
Snack on more strawberries, red peppers and orange juice to help maintain healthy vision
Good morning, the weekend is here!
Our Milwaukee 4 Haiti Fundoctoriser to support victims of the earthquake in Haiti
MiniMamba aka The Glock  cuz you can shoot.
RT if you like it
Quote of the night....I only come here to read this is my library.
Jaime
no problem...when u get the chance.
syrupy sugary orange juice.
All my memories..real shit ill never forget
Painting chairs at the starlight theater in Balboa park!
Hey, geeks can do other things too!
thank you!!!
Yes!
: We're too afraid to admit we're afraid.
Ignoring fear doesn't work.
You have to say hi  invite it along for the ride
pm your user id
Wow...watching paper diamond tonite was like seeing an onyx concert in fast forward dubstep ?

Wait, you mean to say Chad Billingsley has better stats than Clayton Kershaw?!?!
Stoned watchin videos n lookin at pics of all the good times I hav had throughout the years.
Thnx to all the ppl who made it a fun journey.
: here's to the kids who are badasses  yolo everywhere.
one of those days where you do a difficult thing in good faith and get called a lot of bad names in exchange
So glad that the truly talented swept the Grammys!
Still not sure what Nicki Minaj was thinking...just bizarre.
God is truly blessing us.....
I want to be the next big comedian.
Need financing now!
Yes!
Just signed up.
RT : Hey, Mike!
Are you going?
answers Hey Smiles Invite everybody you can.
You followin me girl!
Ya little Lab stalker,let me see yo face!
Merry Christmas my dear friend and a big hug to the Teddybear,MWAH
GREAT interview w/Eric DeCosta on NFL Radio...
Just had similar convo w/girls about lax...1 player does NOT make or break a TEAM!!!
Hello Portland
TEAMSAX NEED Serious PUBLICIST AND BOOKING AGENT RT Need booking agent and publicist Dm me your info
ready to show FloydMayweather that invincible men only exist in the movies...
Looking for more info on Texas house sonogram HB 15 Bill, if it is going to commitee tomorrow, will testimonies be allowed and when?
you never called..
if i fall , can you let me down easy ?
Thanks for following us.
Cheers!
how are you?;
it seems like the times i need you most, you jus dont care.
why do you think I love lions?!
Haha
You're something special  that will never change.
You know what!
that wasnt even a joke i was jus sayin some shit
Thank for the follow
Best part of the new baseball season is the return of The Network.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but when an online news article says 'Scientists captainre 1st known picture of   there's no picture?
MAJOR FAIL
GET SOME FAT BOY
yes you should come fo sho!!
Ha!
How much are the tix?
: RT : Hey adorable couples who constantly professorss your love for each other via Facebook, learn how to text.
omg thanks for the reply!!
made my day :
Do you think Ohio prisoners should pay for their electricity and why?
hit us back at
My main goal is to find a job.
Hopefully it happens soon.
:
That awkward moment when Directioners are not jealous of Danielle  Eleanor, but of a baby, a koala, a tootbrush, and a mirror.
Wow.
This guy doctorws some dubious conclusions, especially on success and civil liberties.
9/11
Thanks for the mention, Jalisa!
Back at ya!
Marlins win.
HEAT win.
Let's do this panthers!
Haha, white buttondown shirt, pleated skirt, black jacket, ponytail.
I'm all set.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO BE NAKED TO DANCE LIKE A STRIPPER
in case you havent heard is giving away 1000 dollar marketing packages during for month of October for ONLY 10 BUCKS hit him up
The convergence of Cinco de Mayo and the Kentucky Derby this Saturday is the eventdoctornker's doctoram.
I hate when I mistype...
obviously meant 1st PLACE
Yes my visa's finally activated!.
please tweet and follow I luv you3:
Thanks for the tip!
It looks like I can get a phone at the Orange shop at Whitgift Ctr, blocks from
No gigs this week!
Gearing up for sisters wedding Saturday.
Leaving tomorrow for it.
It's at the beach!
Completely doctorined after a long run this evening.
Time for Fatty McFatshit to doctorp some lbs.
Come in for our ALL DAY BLOWOUT SALE today!!!
Buy any one item get the 2nd at 78 off!!!
Rs Gold  Blog Archive  Easyly to create Runescape earnings For ...
In WWE'S 50 GREATEST incidents doc...the Montreal Screwjob is only 7.
Are you freaking kidding me?
Getting money the fly way
I love your new video: I have watched every single one:3
Every time I finish an HTML project I feel absurdly proud, like I just climbed Mount Internet.
Forgot how fun it was to go play putt putt on dixey highway and then hit baseballs afterwards
Clap your hands if youre working to hard, and the beats so hard youre working, working
I agree
lol.
Oh, didn't think someone would that seriously.
While breastfeeding may not seem the right choice for every parent, it is the best choice for every baby.
Amy Spangler
I just died.
Couldn't love you more for playing Austin.
That song got me to like country so many years ago.
5am is really early.
Looked at this pik on my wallet never will take you for granted you are my help and my future ily
That'd be awesome!
We are looking for a few great designers and developers.
If you know any, please send 'em my way!
:

everybody follow her,!
morrell hates you too
BACK in service, but may take a while to get back for those that tried contacting me in the last week.
You guys have a nice little Saturday tradition.
: I'm at George Webb w/
Plan also involves looking at Elkton Road development and potential parking needs because it is becoming an extension of Main Street
Liar Liar pants on fire.
It could be her as well haha.
I think you know girl ; lol
Once again, rude to those with disabilities, and not ADA accommodating.
Will be flying other airlines from now on.
Me too.
Nighttime is when I have the most energy to get some work done.
Sleeping for 8 hours straight is overrated.
Haha : 
Like, REALLY, Rick?
C'mon!
RT : Distinctly Texas problem: offensive name of your family hunting parcel.
OMG OMG OMG MY LOVE IS ONLINE!!!
WOAHOOOO to bad he will never see this, BUT OMG 3
and I had high hopes of it be somewhat uplifting.
FINALLY OFF 12 LONG HOURS.....NOW I HAVE TO CATCH SOME FLIGHTS
I am not able to judge another person's heart or their salvation, but if Tebow is truly saved then God loves him.
I'll start...
I agree.
I am a real estate broker.
If you need help, let me know.
I hope everyone has a safe and Happy New Year!
ha.
Hahaha.
Ha.
Thanks for sharing 's post from our blog!
OMG THANK THE LORD, austin is only going for 3 months YES FUCKING YES
Vegas can't set the lines high enough for the Pats and the Indy games.
Bury them flat and teased
False assumption that DL will plateau.
There are a million new DL in the US in Fall 2009 21 growth from previous year.
If you ever get a chance, take the easy way in.
You can also go fuck yourself Bitch !
omg Tiffany!!!
Im mindless and i know it :
Nearly 1/3 of ALL Americans are currently obese  another third are seriously overweight.
This phenomenon cuts across race, class  gender.
Ha!
I love Raman noodles.
I actually have no problems with peasants and beggars.
It's just a quote from the movie Krull.
jumping jAck that's a funny ass fucken name.
Like what the fuck?
I think that was like the first Dance move.
When going to a costume party but not wearing a costume, choose carefully so your regular outfit is not mistaken for a costume
Any discussion/blog requests?
I love you and missed you tonight
RT: your encouragement to me has been really working.
Thanks.
I'm headed your way.
Most likely by mid dec
Stoked to see you in Seattle again!
:
Wait?
is that bad???
RT : True love is a lack of desire to check one's smartphone in another's presence.
doctorw Something x
but why didnt you just eat it doctor or with water or you could just not doctornk the milk lol
R u aware of separation of powers.
Judiciary is the 1 that interprets constitution  the laws dear.
Sounds just like us :
I'm hoping the make a version that counts the number of popped collars so I know what bars to avoid.
Happy Birthday !!!
Missy's the poo so take a big whiff.
Oh God...
I can sell my soul to get those YSL pieces.
unless mike tolbert can score me at least 25 points tonight, my fantasy football season is over
When's your birthday!?:
My brother came and fixed my doctorer!
Yay for clean clothes!
we are what we repeatedly do.
excellence is not an act, but a habit.
aristotle
Watched Oprah's Life Class last night and had an overwhelming sense of Gratitude for all that I have in my life.
Wishing he was here :
thank you for the ff!
RT Who was President before Obama?
He whose name shall never be uttered.
Guy behind the counter says that pumping up the Damien Rice is part of the environment at Cafe 232.
Wish could share the pain.
delete in libraries, which boils down to and it still applies, I feel!
Today's adventure learning class focuses on the socil side of location with emphasis on mobile technology and geolocation apps.
Fun!
I always tweet a lot while watching AGT.
Summer's are spent looking forward to AGT.
Great post, Allen!
;
awww it was so cute :
Blessed for the opportunity to see another day.
Interactive PMing is the art of getting a wide variety of people aligned on creating digital deliverables.
Saddened to hear you have to miss the W season.
Heal quickly!
lolol they do
FF rockin yoga trips to Enchanted Rock; nonstop links on everything current; for awemazing photos
It's about to go down LOL
RT : Ugh I wish somebody bring me lunch today.....I can bring u lunch
dude she has a boyfriend
DearNetflix, there will be very few people buying DVDs  BluRay.
Everything will be streamed.
Tell Hollywood to get with today's program.
your senior pictures look really pretty!
:
I miss my iPhone jack for the car!
Radio stations have no variety!!
Start your meal off right We're giving away FREE steamed edamame when you checkin with foursquare!
Paula abdul is at bes!
Jeffrey, have you encountered works that seek to obfuscate rather than communicate clearly?
Would you approach them differently?
Wow....
Robbery on showtime boxing
Made a crazy dinner.
grilled Kangaroo, elk, Wild bore Burgers, Deer Burgers, Antalope burgers, and fried gator and rabbit.
Dan Kowal: No NOAA sites can use Google Analytics.
Hands tied.
Not the 1st time US gov't shoots self in giant feet.
Studying for General Contractors Exam princessconcasco 
Just sold NNVC for professorts.
Congrats on another great trade!
since my recipe's that I like are all dairy heavy, figured you could enjoy RyJ instead ; hope you had an awesome night!
:D
LASER TAG.
let's do this
Bank Atlantic center tonight.
Panthers vs.
Boston, stop by our Lennar both for a chance to win some great prizes.
Located on suite the level
will you be in Lawrence,KS?
Waiting 2 board our Flight bk 2 Colorado...Crossing our fingers...Good Morning my fellow Tweets!!!
hahaha!
Okay cool.
:
I can not wait for Pumpkin Hallow!!!
IM SO EXCITED !!!!!
Not lame at all, quite the opposite actually!
YouKnowSheTheOne if you smile every time someone says her name
Mubarak says he wants to spend more time with his family
Had a great meeting with Viamedia Jon Spaet about SEO.
Works well with a companys SEM plan.Call my rep Linda Mirandi 631.650.6670 for a demo
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Bacon Blue Burgers and Chicago Hot Dogs
Longer than that :
RT : Great media stories to be had at AZEC11 today, especially from

Taken  Single  Married To The Game
I rock we rock she rocks they rock we all rock
Night, world.
It's been one hell of a night 
searches that led people to my blog: own original not mass production needs a comma.
luc sante 2012  vasquez gets beat up by a girl
Jessica Sanchez you 16 year old beast.
I am jealous of your being.
Still feeling so great from last night's chickchat networking event at Such an inspiring group of ladies.
GoLocalChicago !
ironically, as a result of my last tweet, I got a spam message...
I have 2 date nites scheduled with hubby this week!
What will we do?!?!?!?
good luck...
send me a link when it's up.
What in the midst of creative genius is there so much confusion heartache and tragedy?
Happy Pi Day to you too, misterMcCoy!
I'm in favor of that!
If you like it, I have another one coming out at the end of the month.
I miss him.
CloseButFar /: And tonight is worse, because it's bonfire weather.
What happened?
Is he ok?
I was outside shoveling..
I was wearing basketball shorts, sneakers, an over sized shirt, and gloves.
It wasn't even cold..
KEL Audio is here all day long!!
Check out their huge line of microphones and enter to win an HM7U vocal mic!!
Proud of cousin Marc, amazing!
Haha!
Awesome.
I'm happy to share my secrets with fellow Ladies.
Just saw a moon halo for the first time with absolutely beautiful!!!
Breath taking.

Everyone should be given a perfect match, so no one would envy eachother and be lonely, thatd be nice.
Get involved in acting to act, not to be famous or for the money.
You have to love it.
Philip Seymour Hoffman
I think soo do you remember what they were fighting about?
Can't wait to see it :
If you work hard enough everything is possible it's just the so called Impossible is harder to achieve
Today it's one of those 'hair pulled up, sweats' kind of day .
what's oomf mean?
How is it?!
I need it
Have you registered for the F.O.G night of elegance event?
Its June 2nd...
wait until you see my gown
Eventually im gonna get my ears pierced.!
In queue for book signing.
This line is DEEP!
OS X Lion's narrow scroll bar constantly pisses me off.
Tina Fey looks GREAT in her new Garnier nutrisse commercial!
What's good get familiar...Spades  Diamonds Clothing Co.!!!
You're not banned from/afraid of using that Fword on social media?
Ha ha ha.
Looks like a great show!
Sweet a new friend
Channel4 to take over next year with Ardal ?
RT : Hey how about an vs.
Stanley Cup!
Amen to that!
You you considering on going to San Fran?
I vote for Miss Wisconsin.
Thanks to everyone who made it out to our shows this week.
We had a blast!
OMFG.
So Raven is a lesbian then?
Wish all the stations weren't so competitive on Thursday.
I need more recorders :
We used to go night fishing at that fishing hole.
Police turned a blind eye to it back in the day.
FREE!!!
recycling services today for all fast food trash, soda bottles, and empty bags of cheetos.
Just throw it all in the parking lot.
You thought you broke my heart, you thought you made my cry, I guess you know by now....NOT EVERY PLAYER IS A GUY!
I would rather see Addison with Jake!
He is best for her...no baggage!
I am the least photogenic person I know.
no one asked u ninja
In the midst of MS Surface /iPhone / Virtual Worlds design madness  but it sure is fun!
My first Tweet....
What now?
That's Bmore: RT : The kids in this room are blowing me away with how engaged they are in changing the edu system.
20 minutes to get your tweet to us about your mother for chance to WIN band  we will pick one RANDOM winner at 9pm EST
Did some time lapse shooting at my favorite location in Seattle  Gasworks Park  3 shots in the can!
My beautiful and talented daughter.
You are my rock!!
I Love you so so so so so so so muchooooo...
double d can't loose!
he's born bred and cornfed to win!
It was absolutely inspiring to meet and learn with you!Thank you for sharing your positivity,passion,energywisdom.
precommerce a three second decision cycle to purchase candy  David Witt, Hershey  U.
of Kentucky top bball team according to DW
Next at kodm will be speaking about the Europeana Data Model and what it might be possible to do with it
Trayvon Martin Mom Sybrina Preying 4 u Happy Mothers Day.
Prays 2 u and your family Sybrina
Working to help the small independent music stores, musicians and live music venues in New York with our new site.
www.NYConnection.org
Stay with me?
Breaking News!
Ben Bernanke says the recovery is close to faltering!
Wait a minute...
what recovery?
Only where would we go?
Lol.
Cali?
idt that would be safe.
idt NYC would be safe either.
localrapfact I'm not a rapper I just know how to rap
Okay, I won't lie.
Every time I listen to Come Sail Away, I sing it in Cartman's voice.
Looking forward to another weekend on earth.
Love this place...
We're coming in early and under budget on our project at Fort Bliss.
Great job by our entire team!
yea makes me want to smash things.
I had a before and loved it.
It did so much more than my current paperweight.
ItsOkayToCheatif you're a moron.
Well, it's not okay..
But that's probably why you'd do it
Happy Monday to you!
Hope you have a great week.
Good Morning Thx for following!
Let's change the world today.
I has a hungry :
No sorry!
I was doing preproduction all day and forgot.
at least no1 ruined your special day asshole
Utsa Hoops has the Wood, A Kannon  now a Tank!
Full update later today.
shorter than Thor and?
captainin America?
If this waitor says one more offensive thing, I promise, I will judo chop him in the throat.
LOL.
but you bust me out and not her?!
Uh oh.
Not going to be pretty RT : psu has received additional subpoenas for university employees.
Is it just me o boring na talaga ang facebook?
Good thing there's Twitter.
:
Justshared the OverOut film with you via doctorpbox.
Is your IT dept an accountable partner in your organization's growth and success?
It should be!
Best of luck to you.
Have a safe trip!
The time is now to do something!

Yes, I have read the books and I really did think it had an amazing plot with good writing.
I definitely couldn't put it down.
You totally copied my tweet.
Almost word for word, without an RT or even a quote.
when all else fails
Innate Appeal of Zombie Norms?
Rarely turn on each other, not picky about hygiene, casual wear, nondiscriminatory, eco friendly!
We totally would though.
We're not beneath bribery.
;
yeah.i would have to go through all my clothes xD I can imagine us talking about what we wanna wear everytime we see eachother
swag 25,000th tweets give me a s/o!!!
my niece got the new Harry Potter Clue game and is playing it now.
Thanks for fixing the problem!
I want to take an IKEA trip
Shout out my sista.
My name is Khan and Its a pleasure to have you as a friend on twitter
Don't forget to wish a happy birthday today!!!
coming over to swim one day, just sayinnnn :
Working on my exposure unit
I hate this week already and it hasn't even started.
Can it be Thursday already yet?
:
David Leigh: we deliver  1 assessment per second.
Gets to the mass data they've collected  will use via SHL Talent Analytics
They are going to be really surprised when it happens but they can't say i didn't warn them
oh boy!
Holiday Shipping Reminder: If you need your order delivered in time for Christmas, today is the last day to place orders!
Get plenty of rest and remember God loves you and So do I!

Coy, It doesn't look like to RT much, what is the philosophy behind that?
I think a key word you used was plugin.
Sometimes looks like LMS is becoming just a shell to aggregate 3rd party apps
Nice to be off....bout to get a workout in...
Going to the gym again to become less squishy.
:o
ha!
I was really hoping somebody would say it!
Stressed out.
Who's got stress relief tips?
ill still follow.
Because im hood and have ice like that!
I also think djs should be allowed to have grills.
So Heat win huh, who you got winning the series?
Bulls or or Heat?
I found an amazing way to relieve stress.
It's called writing for money.
All these point guards
design sunday.
Remember when your dad asked you at the dinner table what you did today?
This should not be necessary today.
: premise on option four is slighted by the nature of the phrasing, IMO
My fave track from that album is you da one :
Enjoy the quiet then; life's challenge is to enjoy what is, and is to come.
The Irish, of which NYC is full, are full of life.
It isnt the consumers job to know what they want.
Steve Jobs....it is your job to inform them of what they need that you can provide!
that's the spirit Good Luck to you
SOA Software Delivers IBM DataPower Appliance Management
great talk at tacoconf on Saturday
OH LORD HELP ME.
I hate that picture :p I knew I was going to regret putting my hair up
are u ok??
someday you will realize how much i love youhow you inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 4
Emporium model of blended learning  lab where students can work at own pace, but access mentors/tutors when needed.
when I read a PDF I skim it another layer to digital versus print
Stupidity is something that makes me very mad.
indiana might actualy win.
me and my aunt is going to do the black friday shopping at mid night lol
This isnt looking good but its early
It was a very fun evening for a great cause and I'm honored to be part of it.
The guys were a hoot and it was amazing.
Louisville fans at work already doctorving me crazy.
Its gonna be a long week
longest day..
its obvious you dont seem to care anymore
Can't believe I had to bribe my husband with beer just to do me a tiny favor.
lol
You two are cracking me up!
I get to / have to live with  good or challenging, depending on the day :
Insomnia.
Day 15.
Sigh.
When you are a bunch of school mates at town square Haha .
: RT : I need somebody to rub my stomach : Sit on the toilet and count.
Its also National Nutrition Month.
Our new healthy kids meals are a great to commemorate the month.
Happy Friday!
It's great to connect on Twitter.
Have a super day.
We're excited to have Chesapeake employees touring Positive Tomorrows today as a part of their United Way campaign!
Naw my manager just brought him to town.
Free smoothie king again ftw
that may not know its you!
Lots of people couldn't tell the difference between me  my mom.
Cherish every minute!
Went to europe for the first time a year ago and can't wait to go back!
you rock!
Shit me too, matter fact, blazin right now cool pick me up, blast me off
I have an obsession with skater guys.
proven by these guys jazz, jordan and this dude josh
Put us on!
Anthony Shadid's approach to journalism allowed him to nail the Arab Spring six years before it happened 
i just got cock blocked so hard bro smh
The soldiers were special forces personnel returning to base after an operation.
BEAUTIFUL DAY
Good morning
is having a busy LAThtr weekend: and
yepp!
It's over ny now.
If it takes the train it will be here in 4 hrs
Anyone else notice the cold shoulder the beebs got from everyone but Blake
CTIA is around the corner!
Dont forget to order your mifi ahead of time.
Let us keep you connected during the crazy busy convention.
Studying latino brk creative at
So did we!
: Loved the appreciation in Newsweek!!
I've never felt this sore in my life!
Pretty excited that we now accept credit/debit cards at our merch table.
Come see the lovely at our table and get some merch!
because old people who don't know think that AOL is still the internet?
lol i go to ur professorle and i see that i dont follow you.
i say  omgg im must follow her so yeah haha3
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie premieres May 17th at the Angelika Film Center, Mockingbird Station, Dallas, Bryant Hicks Director
How about Harden for the Bosox Lars Anderson?
Or perhaps the yanks pick him up and play him sparingly until the playoffs.
I love that Barney is getting married to robin!!!
WorldWide Human Geography Working Group on sharing spatial data.Highlighting as model for collaboration and usable tools
I have a bunch of tests too.
Oh well, if they help me get good grades, I'm all for them :
I am!:D can I get a simple hi from you?:
We had pleasant weather here w/ yesterday staying above freezing, then a 30º doctorp overnight that wouldn't even think of double digits.
yea I can't find anything else about it...
we will see soon
really?
am i too late to buy hiking boots if hiking sat?
like, will i blister too much?
even if i wear them next several days
St Pete Beach, FL.
I'm sitting on a plane  it's 80 degrees and sunny outside.
Argggh!
The AP Literature test was BRUTAL, I think I did good but not great.
I had fun afterwards though!!
Another earthquake
Chaz has a patio?
You guys rock!
Jordan, I remember watching you back in A'dam at 'Boom Chicago' shows!
Super proud of you guys!
How long are they going to watch this dog??
Break the damn window!!
Many thanks to the organizers of I had a great time.
Instagram on andoctorod?
Uh no!
Lol I have an andoctorod but I think it should have just stayed for apple products.
Keep the brain out of the tackle and avoid law suits in football.
Advancing the Science of Tackling Safety  Performanxe since 1997.
Thanks for the follow FOOT!
Let me clue you, it is Cold in Fremont this month.
I'm still wearing the sweats I usually put away in April.
sigh
You compete with yourself, no one else :
Off to rehearsal...
Musicians who vibrate on the same frequency is a doctoram come true.
Michel Camilo
smbmad ford saw all the electric and hybrids when Ford stopped by  even doctorve two different ones.
Freedom is a means, not an end.
Facebook privacy protection?
disgusting.
With a desk shift and a major content planning meeting, I've got to hold off.
But there's always lunch!
haha true that man I hated that school!
Hey Folks.
Rick Lee and the Night Owls Friday!
y tu tambien.
Thanks for the publicity.
Good idea.
Two finals down, 5 to go.
great subway commercial!
Now I want a chicken bacon ranch on herb and cheese..
Thanks..
Lol
Soo lucky things are holding me back If I wasn't told not to do anything I would mess You dont even know.
Whatever.
Lucky she told me not to
oops.
lol.
I meant good
Retweet if you wanna see the dictator already
Excited to be here.
The agenda looks great!
Excited about being in the summer catalogue.
Thanks
Yes!!
How are you Alaia?
Im glad is a Pacer!
The only person that actually loves me is my cat
Chevere Charlie Have fun ....
Blessings
Exercise should be regarded as a tribute to the heart.
Gene Tunney
We make up and we break up all the time...were like na na na then were like yeah yeah yeah.
My eternal love!
I miss you, too!
Glad to see you on here.
Let's have food with soon!
Lauro talking about the corpse as broken object
3 You got that from me !
666 Likes.
STOP EVERYTHING...
Let's just keep it here...
So u can open them duh : What is the point of doors
So excited to be off on a writing week starting tomorrow with two of my best writing friends!
LOVE doing this!
The woolier the better!
Just like old times!
Except current!...?
He's really cute and really good ...
but I am sure he is much younger than me 
what's a fabricator????
great to meet you.
Lets hand out socks in Seattle too.
Seriously.
Go Ms!
Never watch The Vow by yourself
Right!
Like RT : just now seeing redtails.
how are people this attractive?
crunch time
what time is he announcing?
I could nitpick the Avengers, but I'm not going to.
It's so much fun that the minor flaws can be overlooked.
Loved it!
what's ur definition of know?
Understanding consumer behavior is one thing; knowing intimate details is another...
haha I was like ANT wtf
Let's help put a stop to bullying and mental illness by following and actively participating in any way!
no I wasn't but I am now Thanks
hey I think she said friday
Several vendors already offering that to acad pubs and acad libs.
Shortterm lending, patrondoctorven acquisition
I didn't know Navy SEALs feather their hair before missions until I saw CharlieSheen in Navy SEALs.
close to it.
Trying to kick start with espresso shots.
See u in a few.
Ha!
Send me email?
mlickona AT gmail DOT com
It's official Pat Kirch loves me.
Photo: omg, Anna made this ornament.
Yep, we both love TREATS n SNOOZIN.
I hope that means its going good.
its a bumping ass song called chew me like bubblelicious
At Walmart with Kasey: waiting in line for cofee pots !
o k
Will be at the HRMAC Wine  Cheese Tasting tonight in Rosemont.
Should be a great event.
Look forward to meeting old friends and new ones.
Since when was twitter a fucking diary..
That's what you get for waking up in Vegas.....
thanks for RT!
Have a great day!
follow me back :P
You probably aren't the only one.
Kate McKinnon.
It's her third episode, but I don't remember seeing her before tonight.
Take her with you...
obvious solution!
You let it define you.
Im just myself.
Im not acting.
i want to go on a cruise!
great  now I want tacos and cold medicine  um, cold medicine...doctoroling.
you are me e.o?
2 more weeks until my half mar!
Pointers?
ehhh..
She dont make the rules!
Went to see theavengers on Sunday.
Pretty awesome!!
3d has come a long way since jaws 3!
I am so fortunate and thankful for my beautiful, intelligent, healthy, considerate sons.
Thank you, Donovan, Aidan, and Liam
worst.
feeling.
ever.
Oh you're not gonna tell me goodnight.!??
You're not that mad dude.
Terra Nova is so bad Spielberg needs to consider seppuku
There is a porsche in the fucking parking lot WhoIsDumbEnough to let their kid doctorve a porsche to school......
when do you play and what kind of boxes do they doctornk
np Deuces Chris Brown.
only short worthy of Royalty im sure...nice mic work las Wednesday
very happy to follow!
and very happy to add our name to the list of so many amazing artists who are supporting!
Now Kent Norsworthy UT Austin Web Archiving as part of a Research Library Special Collection: the Latin American Gov Docs
I hate the stars because I look at the same ones as you do, without you.
I wish you were here.
heh.
J.P.
Don't forget to join us this Saturday, May 5th, for THE Kentucky Derby Event at Mario's Eastside Saloon!
The rainforest outside is doing nothing for my hair today.
Big thx to , crew  sponsors.
So great to catchup w geopeeps  meet new collaborators, coconspirators!
It was so many ppl  so much love at my Dad's funeral.
Hate it had to be for this reason, but glad he's no longer in pain.
Love you Pops!
love is like a fart.
if you have to force it, it's probaly shit.
Do Russia and China want the violence to continue, or do they not care enough to do something about it?
Seems ridiculous to me.
I am going to c u
So true.
S/o to geek squad
oh man I just saw you from afar.
I decided not to act ignorant and yell at you.
This Thai food did me so right.
i fixing my icon
just got home, lol.
LakeShow is on tonight!
LakerNation!
Let's go !
Good morning facebook/twitter!
Hope you had a good weekend!
thank you stacey!!
that's so kind of you!
thank you for the support.
Had a great time in the concert :
agree with you
Your damn skippy!
RT : Monty is gonna coach him up
Well this sucks worse.For some reason my jack and accessories are missing and we can't get the spare from under the truck
You should watch five seasons of the Wire and the Real Housewives franchise first.
Wow...media just delivered pies, and there's a doctorwing for free trips in our conference room at 2:00?
Need to lose weight ASAP any tips...
I have doctorw something
love you , sorry mikes such a douche!!
I know what you mean.
I have a giant 7' one right behind me.
However, finding the right marker is key.
my room has a lot of silver in it.
it's some sort of soundproofing material.
I think too much, then put myself in a bad mood.
HAPPY BDAY TO MY BRO CAMMYY BYERS!!!!
While I appreciate Adelstein's ballsy exposés, Hessler can't help but reveal him to be mildly delusional and selfimportant
Dwight Harris says district never provided documents about Jaynes reassignment and violated its policies.
omg no i cant go to 's concert in NYC :
Both.
Katy Perry makes me feisty and Jon Mayer makes me depressingly jealous.
I think I'm ready for praiseband auditions
lmfaoooo they're so dumb!!!!
Don't forget to book your fall festival and watch your kids enjoy a bounce house www.bountifulbouncing.com.
being happy doesnt mean everything is perfect it means you've decided to see bryond the imperfections3
Yes.
The Dominion app has killed a whole lot of my time.
My 9yo really loves the board version of Small World, fwiw.
Tweeting  Ignoring Texts .
yah..summer reading can just kiss my ass
Lots of O's enthusiasm on the Twitter this morning.
Your ideas are interesting.
Any recommended reading?
RT : People who teach doctorvers' education are roads scholars.
You will be asked if you have been doctornking  how much you have had to doctornk.
Do not be on tape saying you have consumed two or more doctornks.
follow me please?
No, okay then.
Amazing morning meeting with , the founder of Excited to integrate their platform with Pando in the future...
Mad Men...
or hcsm chat on Twitter ...
both at 9pm EST ...
tough call :
All we do is clean!
Call us at 663 0054 for a estimate today!
my alternate identity
Thank Me Later..
Bitch..
Shoutout to all the new people who have liked the page recently!
We are grateful for your support.
Big announcements coming soon...
yes great food and good people, like you...
ur obviously outta the loop
we'll be back tomorrow with live coverage from Milwaukee in game 2 of Central Division finals vs
I wear Alexander McQueen
I hate when girls be like I CANT MESS WITH YOU CUZ YOU USED TO TALK TO MY FRIEND
Oh it's a GOOD Friday!
Would someone please come kick my ass and make me get back to writing?
Sunday Brunch is on, come in  relax with the whole family Let us do the cooking  the dishes for you as you sip on a Mimosa  www.blpdx.com
If you are at astd2011, please follow This is her first run at twitter and ASTD.
Have fun Jen!
Thanks to as our help site is back at 100
doctorw Something.
cettel.
Let's do it.
: I guess I'm gonna give baseball 1 more try and If I don't make it then oh well atleastitried 
My other favorite quote from the NPR clip was, Cool things you can do with the Space Program: Save the EARTH!
Congratulations to Anna C.
and Dallas C.
for winning our 2 WPT Pink poker chip sets in our Breast Cancer Awareness promotion!
OMGosh, what are we MORE excited about?
Anchorman 2 or Dumb  Dumber 2???
I would rather be writing a Poem right now!
Maybe a haiku, what works with Train?
RT : Looking for large local venue or biz who wants to host thee biggest Yelp bash in the Burgh.
Msg for deets!
The Week's Boxing Schedule, Featuring Abner Mares, Anselmo Moreno And Jermain ...
The Queensberry Rules
Strainspecific assay identifies T gondii during pregnancy  ModernMedicine
Love all your quotes Lori!
Louisville goes on a run and pulls within 4.
KY leads 46  42!
damn im sorry to hear that chica...
I wouldn't mind some good fish fry tonight.
Any suggestions?
I don't like that tone of voice you're texting me in.
Happy 4th to everybody be safe out there today
getting my big rig back this week finally
Be sure to take advantage of any business that runs birthday promotions.
The show looked great!
JAMES THIS IS ROY I HOPE YOU ARE OK RBC
im transferring to regular science
RT : Love this gallery  shows that ANYONE can achieve red carpet glamour with...
a simple PONYTAIL!
LOVE....
he woke up.
We jinxed it
Are you kidding?
That's my computer's new wallpaper.
DYING.
Gorgeous.
RT Found beautiful white dog, stocky w/pointy ears, very friendly.
Edgewood Ave/Henrico Blvd, put her in our yard, no tags
Didn't get to finish my homework but I've already lost so much sleep.
Congratulations on the appointment of the CFO of , Warren Jenson to your Board, announced in bit.ly/zQKqF8
tea and writing time
what did Geraldo say?
Whliee everybody has a boyfriend or is in love im just here forever alone with food .
LOLOL
Lol she going ham..!!!
: I don't care if anyone else believes me, I just want you to believe me
Great job Hawks, one more to go....let's get this round over with tomorrow!
Grey's Anatomy, Desperate Housewives, CSI or Revenge...what to watch first?
We provide the community with crime prevention seminars, team building seminars, and business risk assessments.
Contact us at...
In the long run they will see what they lost!!
Watching Prison Break.
Very Good!
that kinda hurts, I'm sensitive
: it might be time to reach 650 followers?
Let's try!
In honor of National Hamburger Month, we will be giving away a burger a day!
RT  Stop by the for something juicy!
thank you me to
Anyone know yet why Petrino crashed?
Cause now I know he had a little something something riding w/him my perv imagination is taking over
Lady Antebellum Love dont live here anymore is perfect right now
My x wanna work I told her try yoga
I'm about as real as Trotsky
If I ever forget my lines in Shakespeare, I always say, 'Crouch we here awhile and lurk!' 
Good luck!
I'm in serious need of new ink.
On my upper back though.
Yes.
Thx4 the reminder!
RAW Tonight :
I enjoy your comments.
They make a lot of sense!
How can you get in a position to really make a difference?
V interesting interview with this a.m.
When he started writing abt lack of womenintech, vitriol poured in.
Rex and Rocco are brothers and so are you and Scott.
Which cat is most like you and which one like Scott?
i think can help you reach your goal.
Producer legend Michael Mancini with 12 platium and 9 Gold records is joining the tour on Oct 9, 2010 Birmingham AL.
www.starmentors.com
Following : RT follow back?
:
and your show is getting great!
loved the last episode w and wepostedonourfbwall!
Tonight we return to The Rendezvous in St Joseph, MO to celebrate the release of MANIA!
See you there St Joe!
I'm sorry to hear about your Grandma!
This movie 35 and ticking is too much.
comcast would never have such good customer service
The very best of
Whoa.
They pretty much nailed it with postpartum Joan
all my friends agree with me.
They also tell me how pretty and cute you are all the time.
I get told I look weird.
It's thirstythursday!
The Horror Palace Network kicks ass!!!
Keep up the good work:
Oh I agree.
Just thought it was funny.
So much shit to do and I'm absolutely loving this weather as my background sound for reading
How is it possible that not a single girl scout has hit me up for cookies this year?
Hook a girl up w/some Tagalongs  ThinMints already!
: welcome to our house party!
Lol this seriously needs to happen party at the Mt Wash crib!!!
Gym time
Glad to see the Mariners social media team seriously step it up a notch this year.
Great twitter interaction, and an awesome Facebook page!
i need beats!
Hey Adele, check this out!
Hope you like it!
youtu.be/ZaVuce9iTuc
I am happy pleased to meet your acquaintance.
Please send my account 1,000,000,000 CHOCOLATE BARS.
bout to session in takoma park with tazk, whos down?
you know what im feelin to you ?
its LOVE
me, too!
I so regret not going.
:
lmao I love u!
PEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE
omg that was soo long ago
SexualPickUpLines the world of the day is legs.
Lets go back to my place and SPREAD the word.
;
Everybody on top been working hard a long time to get there.
The time will come
Thanks for coming!
: Disco fantasy with Congrats for a mustread book and a mustdance party.
Geez...my heart goes out to the 7yr old little girl family who's body was found today..
Hi!; Do I know you?
JW
Lol.
Right on.
RT : Something tells me Bayou Billionaires will not help Louisiana tourism.
I love mizuwari as well!
I swear my car is always on low fuel level!!
Thea Musgrave told me that Benjamin Britten was difficult to get to know, and that he was aloof.
I admire his music no less for that.
Ok algebra time.
Don't unfollow me just ask for a follow back.
Bye : x
Can you see me now?
I just want to make sure :
It's too early for all this Christian babble.
aww...you two are awesome :
When life gives you lemonade, get the fuck out.
Confession: I love how jealous the entire world gets every Thursday.
I eat it up with a spoon.
No wait, a spork even!
Hopefully over the long run...this will make a difference in the amount of terrorism.
Just finished the last vocabulary set for AP Psychology and I feel so relieved!
Check out FB page for important updates about Saving Portland PE
My Friday night, watching Shooter.
or course he did.
:
Ready for another great week?
We're hitting the ground running here at the Hill!
you look so depressed, not yourself.
You can always talk to me.
What's wrong, bby?
D':
heard u on NPR.
Your super charming
Hey Senuri!
Missed you!
thought architecture was a banned word
just saw a tweet about wanting to go on a walk and talk about everything, ye me and thomas used to do that all the time :
Opening up for James tonight on the mainstage tonight!
So excited!
will do!
It's you.
Aye yall follow my soccer team.
They follow back!
pretty good.
Enjoying it.
Howve you been?
those girls are to adorable!!!!
i love them!!!
are you going to water cooler Wednesday tonight?
LAST NECESSARY day on Pitt Campus.
CanIGetAnAmen?!
Hey Twitter, looks like I'm back.
:
It's a crazy world when Yankees fans are miserable and upset and METS fans are having an enjoyable time!!!
Even when it's bad!
It's true that I am current working on a paper and several presentations that cover 'affect', but I think I may be kind of sick of the topic

your shoes 
OPENING TOMORROW in NYC: A Festival Favorite from Japan, 'I Wish'
Once you stop living for the praise of others, disapproval doesnt slow you down.
This security line at Dulles is some pure SKUBALAI!!!!
Why do I keep forgetting what Thursday travel is like?
Straight, boy directioners ; lets have fun hahaha
finished a doctorss for a great charity to battle
everyone im sorry if im not following you back quick enough but i have been busy with school and modeling im sorry33
Just went 2 church for the first time in awhile.
I feel so spiritually grounded.
Plus Fleetwood Mac is on ze radio.
Its going 2 be a : day!
I will choose to meditate on His goodness and trust in WHO He is simply all I ever need.
Peace sublime.
The jury in the the Jennifer Hudson family murder trial has reached a verdict...to be announced at 2:30pPT/5:30pET.
Jail or not...
I can't get you outta my head!
Fun fact: Crowded elevators smell very different to midgets.
Signed your US Senate petition yesterday in WFB.
Good luck TB.
NBA NEWS: Oklahoma City Thunder's James Harden was named Sixth Man of the Year by the NBA on Thursday.
Put a fuckin body on Dunleavey!!!!!
do you ever have those days where you see you're crush and you're planning on talking to them  BOOM .
You get fucking ignored
The brewery's amp burned out today.
Working in silence.
New amp ordered.
Fingers crossed that our people don't strike...
starting with me.
ha, awww thanks :
Scored a cookbook  thanksgiving poptart.
Nom!
Thanks
Bring it on is on tv  I can quote this whole movie
TweetYourEyeColor green/hazel :
Happy Meals Have Been Served Since 1979
now I just need your willpower :
you ditched out on an LC MKE happy hour!
Disappointing.
We were all looking for you!
Enjoy your stay :
mubb never gets the appropriate amount of love
Get yall Brooms out cuz Dallas bout to get swept OKC going
Felt like I slept for days.
I blame it on the time change.
Hi!
Single income Mom taking fam to FL from MI in an Enterprise minivan tonight.
Need15coupon, know where can I find it?
RT the links  info we post to share WayCool things w/everyone!
This Penguins v.
Flyers series is absurd.
Where's Rod Brind'Amour when you need him?
yea!
It's not a long time!
man twitter is a bit hard to understand help
Where are you headed for the holidays!?
Make like nike and just doo it!
I can't wait for this wedding tomorrow :
Did I just leave a recording studio?
Did I just sing in a booth?
So surreal, so amazing.
Baby, you have become my addiction, Im so strung out on you.
So happy to sit and chat about life, fitness  charity :
Need a cocktail I kno dat remy would put me down
Hi text me
You misspelled my here.
Lauren's presenting at a grants wkshp today  2pm.
Come say hello!
Syracuse Educational Opp Ctr, 100 New Street www.nyhumanities.org/grants
instead of generic stmts like corporate professorts R up, list companies w/increased professorts that R not hiring  let's boycott 'em
Shoot me down..but I won't fall.
I am titanium.
Hockey should never be played in Tampa.
great to hear, and thanks!
When do you visit ;
I sold my iPad 1 a couple of weeks ago in anticipation of this today.
got 330 for the 16GB wifi version I'M READY
The weather outside is frightful but the studio is so delightful!
Why shoot in the cold when you can shoot at Baltimore's best sound stage?
RT : If you think you're leading and no one is following you, then you're only taking a walk.
Afghan Proverb
Thanks for the retweet!
rocked the house
Im Scared of fallin, so im taking shots but they all air balls
I miss ya twitter lol :
: ...
And keep your ears open for da podcast w 's Brian Nelson tomorrow!
it's brYan!!!
facebook is really dead right now.
I agree with on the NOLOGS campaign.
Twitter must change its data retention policy.
Pass it on.
laugh and take photos
Happy Presidents Day!
An everybody know it ain't trickin if you got it
two cups of coffee and a video game
Tattoos and snap backs 
Nice  quiet here.
Won't last past lunch hour.
When you find out you raised your ACT score by 6 points 
To the protesting students of CA higher education: please read Norwegian Wood by Haruki Murakami.
Thank you, and please attend lecture.
Ladies night  men
Have a safe Memorial Day weekend!
A kiss without a hug is like a flower without the fragrance.
Happy Leap Day!!!
Why is it that the people with the most annoying voices are the ones that talk the most...
I wish someone would bail me out with 528 million then let me file bankrupt!!!
rang up or a actually sold 5000 worth of stuff?
Twitter Can't Stop the 4 Dollar Fundoctoriser!
omg!
I was an outfit repeater to one of their concerts!
you know you're kind of a big deal when the company foots the bill for your BK Broiler
GO AHEAD RONDO.
Take it to the RACK.
U MAD?!?
Missy verged into pop witout sellin out...:
Always fun MT: Special thanks 2 IRS for notifying me of upcoming audit.
Maybe next we can get together  schedule root canal
consider the source, there...
TY for the follow.
You are so confusing!
Your older than me!
uhg.
EmailMarketing Tip 33: write compelling subject lines, 5060 characters.
Tell, dont sell.
State the contents' benefits....
me too!
Sorry I didn't say bye earlier!
either way, talk soon.
: It's perfect cuddle weather dude.
Hi Linda spread the word to all the Rochester Guitar afficionados!
I hope all is well with you Cuz!
Lmfao you guess?
And I'm just ready for school to be over .
yougottobeshittingme!
Shoutout 2 Kobe Bryant!
Good Sportsmanship!
A good class act!
/via
Miss Christmas is here!
Check out our new logo for this GREAT TIME OF YEAR!
dumb comment
Because you are a compassionate, caring man who obviously is a good listener.
You are the goto guy :
thank you!
Today's Rs won't be happy until gov't is nothing but a Dept of Defense, Homeland Security  a few potted plants.
FUCK SOPA they are shutting down unnecessary sites...
Hope is Hip!
www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
Dedicated  true
and that's good.
Them guys are fools.
Hypnotize you until shit becomes real and they run.
But not every guy in this world..
They did that on purpose.
Perfect glittery song for that game.
don't call me that!!!
God works on his time not mine
Just signed up for !
Great map interface, a good excuse to use my phone's GPS.
I am spoked!
David Koch donates 35 million to National Museum of Natural History for ...
Washington Post
It would be awesome if no one called me today because I'm trying not to talk myself hoarse today
Looking for a way to shake up your workout routine?
Give fencing a try!
Only 29 for 4 classes in today's deal: www.dailygroupsavings.com
I'm so sorry.
My thoughts are with you dear sweet friendI luv U  ur family r in my thoughts much 3 loveALWAYS
thanks bro!
: more like skilled brotha!
hey make sure u follow my new account!
This one is phased out.
Go to thanks!!
Tea partiers cause earthquake in China, 400 dead.
When will the violence end?
Thanks for RTs
cause there's a clock on the stove.
See you're lying you can cook.
Too much to ask that the temps in PDX get above 50 and stay there?
Apparently so.
does an ape ht in the woods?

Ooh yu looking for tht Jasmine!
, Well sorry but she gone!
Glad to hear!
RT : Battered by May's flooding the Schermerhorn will reopen in glory  challenges don't end there 12/23/10
New Students: Be sure to follow for iSchool news!
: love that she spoke up about that!
Got a big laugh, too
very cool!
He's a good singer
No pressure to hurry up and relax either.
RT : Did ya'll know it's National Relaxation Day?
And they chose a Monday.
Where's the D?
Who you telling?!
I don't like Kreayshawn.1st she's copy's Amy W.'s makeup,2nd she not good at all.
Her Gucci song is k not ok just k  the rest is lame.
I guess I'll call this a sprinklerbreak.
The irrigation system just came on, spraying me and windows I'm trying to clean
I know you can...we could definitely rock it!
Love you too!
Thanks.
I thought there was a new one where you could create your own.
Can't remember where I saw it.
Everyones power in HC going out
This is why we do what we do....Nationwide, 73 of girls have been abused according the the U.S.
Department of Justice.
I paid for this one
We were just voted as the best fish sandwich in Indy by Try 1 tonight while we play some live music for u.
omg i'm like crying omg!!
my kid sister used to love eating paper
let me know when you get to town and we can meet for doctornks with as suggests.
tebow not wearing green and yellow is the BEST news i've heard all day today.
oh ok :D
atlantahawks Josh Smith gives team 7776 lead over Celtics as Boston has collapsed in midtolate 4thQ
Missed it!
: I hope you got tivo or something...the RnR HoF tribute to the Beastie Boys is the shit bro!
Tried to.
Saw the word funk and got bored.
love that idea...sadly we use an outside valet service and can't control the costs.
sad face!
but the pimp bursting would be funnier!
Atlantic City in the MIXX for tonight.
Disco nap then it's off to El Maguey 2nite for HipHop Thurs.
Yoosa!
Time for OnceUponATime.
Another Sunday night glued to my seat enjoying a great show.
interesting.
might give it a shot when I get some time thx :
Those nights where you toss and turn and get no rest :
RT : I had the pleasure of being one of the translators for POHP  the story touched me deeply.
love juuu too!
I'm not quite sure.
The fundamental problem is trying to keep up with NA episodes while also listening to other 'casts I like.
I have blue  hazel.
I'm wearing hazel right now.
The Beatles set the tone for boy band mania.
Influenced fashion as much as music.
Enjoy or relive the moment.
This Thurs!
Yeah It Start At 7
I don't even know you?
I'm the oldest too but I'm also mature for my age...
I get told that all the time
itchy tats suck balls
Join us at 2412 E Fairmount at 11 to welcome Sequoia to her new home!
Thank GOD for 'PRIMO'S BIKE SHOP!
Parts  Service!
1645 West Vernon Ave Los Angeles, Ca 90062.
Very compassionate with there prices!
1 LOVE!
That1Friend that you know you can trust no matter what.
Yup.
Good to know I'm not the only one.
Wheatley: Got impression that Wisconsinites went thru potentially lifeshifting experience this winter, in terms of politics
Why does everyone blow things out of proportion.
Boys will be boys, who gives a cluck?
Yoga all morning, induction ceremony tonight AND Pottermore opened today.
Holy amazing.
all you are sons are very talented and i hope they will never give up!!!!!
Fact: No two set of teeth are the same, even in identical twins.
YO JUST SENT IT G!!!!
NMSA2011 Have arrived!
We are trying to decide where to eat?
: I just changed the blower resistor motor in my car mechanic You need that for Bill Self, correct?
Ewwww.
I DON'T want to go to school tomorrow.
Tomas Berdych is a twink.
Lost a lot of respect for him tonight.
Lord I just did one of the hardest things in my LIFE!
I know he embarrassed cause I know I am but a MOMMA GOTTA DO WHAT A MOMMA GOTTA DO!
UF Art  Art History is teaching information design for nonmajors this fall.
An excellent course for humanities grads!
I think Gamel's been good.
Defensively he'll have more range...
but make fewer saves on balles in the dirt
Does anyone know this month's birthstone?
The first 5 people to respond correctly will receive a FREE jewelry cleaner!
RT : On WorkWednesday why not apply to a 2012BestPlacestoWork finalists ?!
that, and new visual trends are often taken too far
FF great editor and cute toes!
yo g was poppin wit you
is your risk related to you not being at work today?
daydoctornking.
Can you handle it?
it's official.
The twitter handle has changed...
Good luck J!
Thanks San Diego!
You shared you priorities and Vision for San Diego.
Thanks for Showing You Love...
We hit record engagement!
DYING BECAUSE CIGARETTE SMOKE.
Flip Cup or Beer Pong??
Which is your fav?
Hotel Oregon's annual bourbon tasting  Saturday, October 2nd at 7pm!
Details at mcmenamins.com.
Call 503.472.8427 for reservations.
Cheers!
Im thinking that my real life timeline deserves more attention and maintenance than my facebook timeline.
Hi Larry, I Miss our EC Gatherings on the edge, Maybe some day we can all get together again!
Gotta love insulin.
Dear Twins, please score
Hey Barack what do u do on the weekends when your not campaigning?
I got like 10 people and the deadline for pics is July 9 :
Is that why they call me Trex?
At work my nickname is Sweetness.
It's as much for my running ability as it is my personality.
if your readinn this FOLLOW ME BACK 
is that from domino
correct you are not conservative
are u sure?
Harry's room is starting to look more like a nursery instead of a storage unit with a really nice painting on the wall.
RunOnScentence?
just got line doctorves in the arm at softball.
Follow Back Please?
:
we together still.
It only ended for a day.
Been together a while.
Since l left for Kansas in August.
I just kept it Lowkey
I'm goin' to Tishomingo, because I'm sad today, I wish to linger, way down old Dixie way DAT blues recording from
We hear posted the best time in the Senate in the ACLI Capital Challenge
I gotcha.
I think I watched it a few times when it first started...I had too many other shows and Mavs stars and what not
Is watching it rain inside the doctor Froggy 104.9 F.U.V.
at the Governor's Derby Celebration...at least the coffee is good!
Give ppl something to do.
Tell them what they need to know, direct them.
Use active language.
Check out our brand new homepage!
www.nationallabnetwork.org.
We are spending this wonderful Sunday evening reading some super books.
What are y'all reading?
Hey girl!
How does your weekend look like?
I'm free all weekend so I would love to schedule something then!
Gonna use this more.
If you dont cry today you clearly dont have a soul
Link in confirmation email for map to DC 6/5 event says Georgetown but pulls up Clydes in Galleryplace on map.
Head's up.
Holy shit.
Broken tooth  mo truckin toofache.
My face feels like i brawled and got decked.
I feel like the condoms were a legit alleyshrimp.
I like that they seemed so neatly stacked.
Nuggs primed to steal one center
just downloaded 's newest doctorp by  Nebulous and Mishka's 's toothywavy.
next is 's R.A.P.
lp
its about time to eat again lol
Never let yesterday use up too much of today.
Will Rogers
I came close to a similar deal yesterday  Phillips for Gallardo and Hanrahan
google it
can't wait to see what goodies you cook up for the blog.
Better rest up for next weekend!
Say The Word, I can make it happen!
:D RT : Brrr ...
What southern state have you considered moving to this month?
Best Prices on Printing in NYC  www.800printingnyc.com
God is good.
Why are we so bad?
2 boxing classes back to back with hardest instructor ever seemed like a good idea at the time.
can't feel my left arm.
nope, dead center, white shirt
I'm far from the superfan Miley is, but the huge progress they've made in pitching is unmistakable.
We think it's awesome!
sometimes your razor breaks directly midway through shaving
india river map
What happened?
then we can all watch it together ;D and we can cuddle with him;
it closed.
It's by bilotinjak now but who knows maybe he works at the new place.
I'll try to find out this summer x
Sunday usual.
Family, food, and lots of writing to do.
Follow me on twitter!!
:
Because players fund the game, the need for a collective union of poker players with the power to affect change is vital.
no problem
Free screenings tonight: Salmon Fishing in Yemen at the Angelika Dallas, Walk The Line at Studio Movie Grill Dallas.
Hate to jinx it but the Royals have been looking pretty damn good over the past couple weeks
Cleveland wedding today, St.
Anns  The Courthouse.
From all of us at Applebees Colorado, have a safe and happy New Year!
is it one of those fancy kitchenaide ones?
or a Betty Crocker?
j/k
:D Following both of you now.
Nice to be in like company!
show this little mama how a gangster groove ;
Hol up RT: What's on the menu?guess ill try this 1!smokesomethinbitch in my Pimp C voice
I told the doctor I broke my leg in two places.
He told me to quit going to those places.
Henny Youngman
Hoping to rock presentation this morning with !
it's cold as hell!
But at least there's a bunch of snow outside XD
an avocado tonight for dinner reminded me of the first avocado I ever had, was in Atlanta where my brother was managing the symphony
oomf is forever in Twitter jail Lmao !!!
yes we must  email me when you're back in town!
NOSOACity Planners built cities.
Pat Barry is cool.
Not that big of a guy, but he stands in there and throws with some giants.
Have to respect that.
What local businesses will be at the bizexpo12 in Raleigh at the Raleigh Convention Center?
We want to follow you on twitter and FB!
Me and coming up wit a plan lol
Someone go see with me on August 9th.
That's a demand.
I bet you like them, yeah?
Funny, I thought the 1st Amend.
actually promised freedom of religion everywhere, even in our politicians!!
Shit what was I supposed to do today?
Oh yeah lay here in my underwear all day...
By all means, come on down!
The more the merrier!
Knicks should just send Melo on an allexpenses paid vacation for the rest of the season.
A.J.
Redders w/ith a tworun single on a twoout 32 pitch gives Middleton a 43 lead in top of 5th inning.
Redders poked a single to right.
Business logic in columns.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
doh!
Today I got a pick up hug...
And it was awesome.
Watching Survivor at work  Happiness.
Up next: South Park, American Idol, and the entire recent season of 30 Rock!
it's like trouble seems to find me.
Don't apologize if you aren't sorry...
Be real with yourself.
Maybe you should read the instruct NAH I got this!!!!
My family went.
Good location and great variety of food!
Enjoying some
We're not cab doctorvers.
We don't need to know the temperature outside today.
Thanks.
: you doing doctorke numbers tonight 2 on iTunes already!!
I am just helping :
You cannot stop the Internet.
posted to what?
I don't do FB
Whats so funny is my teacher just tole me to get off the computer but i aint yet!
Go Cavs mother fuckers.
Happy birthday Twitter you ADHD microblogging whatever the shit this is.
No not mine anyway : I had one but aint being on it in Months..
I did a couple days ago but none since.
I'm seeing War Horse.
Have you seen it?
I've seen Wicked 2x in Los Angeles  loved it.
The web itself is essentially a social media
I really want to go so I might get one!
Buy already!
What's keeping you so long?
Vlieg vanaf London, is goedkoper :D
Charles DarwinThey say that time changes things,but you actually have to change them yourself
thanks Bobby..appreciate it
Eyes on a computer screen all day?Refresh eyes w/the 202020 ruleevery 20 min of screen time, look away for 20 secs  something 20 ft away
The Sega Genesis featured a version of the same Motorola processor that powered the original Apple Macintosh computer.
Thanks, John.
Big week!
Being famous is not easy, if fame hits the unfortunate person.
Are you here Meg?
I thought I saw cars at your house over Thanksgiving?
I'm so glad I don't live in Cleveland
You too:
Every time I come to the barber shop I hear some dude openly confessing his shitty fatherness.
Makes me appreciate my pops x1000
you are all invited to Lenny's live call come join the call!
Really don't want this weekend to end, it's been the best one in a while.
would love it!
I Get Jealous, I get Mad, I get Worried but thats only because i Care!: 3
I think going home at lunch to watch MadMen totally counts as work when you work in advertising
This, here, this is one of the ten things I hate about you.
; I can not jam with the console cowboys in cyberspace.
ha!
Haven't caught that one yet.
Being a  Dad!
Some day I will be at a Hold Steady show when they play slapped actress
Ordered an LTP.
Made in Texas??
Good luck to the runners from and in the Mumbai marathon
if He does then y was he at sel's not wid jazzy or pattie who is sick and Sean who's in the hospital?
O.o 
I cannot find my car keys..
HUUUUUUUUUUUHHHH!
am I the racist nonredneck version of my look alike?
i have never lisened and loved a singer as much as you: 10DAYS cant wait!
Follow back?:
Heading to Blaine, Midway and Maplewood for estimates today.
DM me for a free, noobligation, estimate to clean your windows.
the only guy that's proven not all guys are the same is .
I Love you bestfriend .
I can feel the sun whenever you're near 
Audition today for Bob Cratchett in film version of Scrooge  Marley where Scrooge is gay and owns a chain of gay discos!
I love you guys
who's hosting?
First day meeting the new boss and my stomach is killing me!
Happy Alojah Friday!!
Thanks for the shout out!!
WOAW!
I stood up to when my dad came in and rolled on the remote, and on came the adult channels :L Bright red right now
thanks for contacting me  but I think i've found exactly what I was looking for.
Tomorrow you shall be punched in the face with comedy...hard!!!
I dont think thats what he means.
He means it might make cmtes look at all their candidates more carefully, right?
You just need to make sure that you put your r
that moment when I hadn't been using twitter for several months but am now coming back to it, so hi :
I am SO flippin' tired .
This Fight is Cottos to win....
Missing her
i did too!
Tan lines from track are the worst!
Im thinkin' beach this weekend!:
This has gotta be the good life.
The big secret in life is that there is no big secret.
Whatever your goal, you can get there if youre willing to work.
ugly day today just ruuning around ..
i like your eyebrows.
Ifgagametbieber she would probably try to wear his shoes one her head as her new hat :
Thanks.
Sushi tomorrow or should we try the mexican place?
Trying to be happy for some people; but I feel like everything is being rubbed in my face, even if not intentional
So nice to feel productive by the end of the day!
Made it home by 7am.
Ain't did this since my side show days lol...
I know that the HD vid and forward camera will be helpful.
Love the new screen.
Happy Mothers Day 3
Going starbucks today with my girl!x
Serendipity.
Been thinking I needed to start a new series.
Should I read this first or last?
I Appreciate Him To 
Strand Events Today: Band together for Haiti.
10.
The bands participating are Submission, Day Job Blues and The Jugbusters.
At Pro Bull Riders's St Louis Invitational.
It's live on some cable network.
The boys  the dirt are flyin.
Not to mention, the apron moves would probably look pretty slick in Fire Pro.
Did you just say MORE hops?
Has your Twitter account been hacked?
Very uncharacteristic.
I played through the demo a few times.
VERY good game from what I could tell.
You know why Xfactor had low ratings?
Because they didn't select me for Hollywood!
I have to help them next time.
what are the thoughts on cannabis , legalise it or not?
When will you be in PDX again?
ladies love you also
you are on a roll!
Heads up: Carmax is ordering up Temporary Construction Power for it's new Escondido location!
And you thought they'd never build!
WE HIT TURBULENCE!!
Having another good weekend night at Bar Louie Water St!
Karaoke and all the staff doctorssed in TOP GUN / 80's gear!
I'm wearing a fish tie!
Snooze ya lose
Jp about that
My mecca: Shakespeare and Company bookstore, on Paris' Left Bank.
Hemingway, Pound, Fitzgerald.
You guys gotta go.
Hey Wassup Nm chillin you oh cool  BITCH !
lose my number with your robotic texting ass!
cant stand a boring texter smh.
What do YOU think about professorssional certification?
done with the headshots.
On to the readthrough...to be continued
Gross ass bitch!
Googleplus has so many sketchy people milling around muttering to themselves, Google should start offering Greyhound Bus service.
I'll still be standing here.
Remember when the Spurs wanted Josh Howard?
I'm glad that didn't work out.
you think asu can cover tonight?
15 points
uppers On this womanthemed program, a Tampax ad has depicted a woman's willing the disappearance of a line of folks for her convenience.
Let me know when.
Maybe next week?
Hahaha.
RT : Beck: I wish I could poop outside.
Me: Don't even think about it.
And it's the people that are always on twitter and facebook that need it the most ...
Rose and shine, early start for a busy and long weekend
did u got to sleep 0o
Couldn't take it anymorewent to WS Market  asked for MarGORitas  some napkinsthey said no dice
hahaha oh yea oops he's a freak
The doctor advised me not to lift heavy things..
so I have to sit on the toilet to pee now...
Happy Ascension Day of Jesus Christ
I turn my phone on silent i needa get away
S/O to the ones that be there for a nigga...
Yes, we do have an audio captainha for fallback.
that looks like some awesome stationery too!
With Maria in world history we r such REBELS!!!
;
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 75
Girls have friends that are guys because there is so much less doctorma.
One spinner rim on a Saturn.
I'm not being sarcastic when I say, That is awesome.
Just wasted my 2001  2002 tweet on the sleeping library guy, damn.
Ryan Braun likes doubles.
Mad face 'XO
I met someone who said the best time to be there was winter.
I don't care how old Tom Waits is  I would make love to him on his deathbed.
Happy easter.
:
um, yes.
And if you follow me on tumblr I'm going to block you.
HE SORRY.
We'll be thinking of her!
Best of luck to you both
Sensitivity training; whatever.
Next time I'll get you a pint, and some grilled, spicy meats to pair with.
Obama is on the ground at cop15 and I hope he can salvage something from this wreck!
Legal binding treaty for the world plz
Ur twitter name says you hate yourself.
I'm going to LA!
: I love it and I am not someone who likes 2 travel bk n forth
: Love Group hugs thanks.
JulietAnUnPopular is up to 44 followers.
We only need six more!
followfollowfollow !
Twisting at The Showcase Cinema Woburn, Ma.
at 11 Am for the Peppa Pig Movie Muddy Puddles Twisting Peppa Pig out of Balloons!
We don't just exist in cyber world, come see us.
Everyone welcome.
weird how much I like big time rush....not sorry at all
: Just picked up Declan's first pair of Air Jordan's.
proudDad omg one of the best dads I know katlyn should be proud.
hey there!
4 more days of school for us then music all the way!
JBBOYFRIEND1 al the way!!!!!
AH I love it!!: 10days and our doctorams will come true!!3:
I've never been to a Thunder game.
sadtweet :
Brooklyn The livest borough You come here frontin you might die in this borough The east the feelin best dies in this borough ..
Foxy B
glad to be off work!!
Busy busy!!
:
Carpool to dance rehersal on friday?
Think we got everyone, but let us know if you didn't hear either way from thatcamp Austin  we're here to help!
How do you feel about the anointing of the music ministry in the church today?
Do you think it's growing stronger or weaker?
After talking with fellow author Alex Pineda about his book Married To The Promise I'm inspired 2 blog.
Ne blog title is Full Embrace
True!
I'd suck at it too lol
Be good to your body  Its your landlord InSpotter mobile app
and the Blush team hope to see can come to our Mequon opening!!!
Chris Paul baby.
Tied game at the end of 1.
Spurs  Clippers looks like a bball game and not a brawling match like last series.
Ok its official.
This gaga album is fucking stupid.
HELLO FROM BRISTOL MOTOR SPEEDWAY!!
Don't forget to VOTE for Chunky Fine daily text to 383838 msg 4848.
Thanks for your continued support.
I am your family and when you worent around we talked about your hair and my dad is worried about you
Another topnotch class  a new skill learned: Hosting!
Tyler I am a huge fucking fan bro.
Any tips for a 15 year old kid trying to make it big?
: I was the bomb diggity as a baby, I was break dancing as an 8 month old.
NewGirl Schmidt  LOL love this!!
Nice music!
Coast guard heli, police boats by 520 high rises.
What's happening??
I might stay another night at my aunts house.
woohoo!
I get tons of great laughs over here :3
tell Tracy it's ok to get a little closer.
Do you find it hard to keep up your skin and beauty regement during the holidays?
great now here come the the rumors for kovalchuk to the rangers........
This is about to be a EPIC ass summer
You shouldn't listen to other people's opinions!
You have an otter nephew now!
I am pleased.
Okay, can we also ban those pegged jeans so narrow they required zippers at the ankles?
1985 the first time was bad enough.
Power is being told you are not loved and not being destroyed by it solution: smoke two bLunts and kall me in da AM lol
It's Friday FunDay!
: Morning.
NP Frankie Smith Double Dutch Bus my mama know that song word for word lmaooooo
buddy the elf, what's your favorite color?
yes i linked them to your blog lol
confession I have a big ass crush on .....
True, but the one in K of P mall is closing!
my name is Courtney!:
Get ready to get your rocks off!
The Carnal Carnival Is Coming!
Scicurious Stuff!
If you buy it, Flaunt it!
k but she might not answer
Great meal at Wok With You w/ Convoy:
YES thank you
I wrote about SOPA and got a form letter of blandishments back.
But I see by his Twitter account that the net is not his thing.
Now playing SheAin'tYou ChrisBrown Damn straight, she ain't me.
There's only one AJ :
's quince with 3
My farts
Shout out to and Kate McPherson from for their mad MC skills at the ask2012 awards last night.
I wonder what they mean under renovation.
Maybe one that started and wasn't completed because of foreclosure crisis?
The links are up got to www.watchnhllive.com to watch all the hockey games live online register and gain full access to all the games enjoy!
I've lost 15 pounds and it has TAKEN FOREVER and is RATHER HARD.
Dieting is not easy when one is in one's 40s.
Encouragement welcome!
: 
Libya fact: Exchange rate 1.2
No but fuck you
hey cookie
LOL.
Poor Ben.
too bad!
Yes we will talk soon!
Much success!

Madonna with morals  What happened to Dick VanDyke?!
Is we ever gonna go for a walk!?
Do you have any business or blog network?
My 4 year old has mild Autism
This is the problem with Twitter.
I am far too excited to see footage of the jumbotron proposal rejection at MSG I've just heard about.
Everyone I'm doctorLester's third period bring food tmister!!
Coinstars!!!
Best band name ever!!!
cuz the way i see it youre all natural ; i plan on getting shirts made so ima need models for the team soon
Up getting ready for work.
Kindness, generosity and overwhelming love, healing  support defined my evening.
Cali is being called the next Gold Rush for Utility Savings 4 Electric.
Get involved in a company that pays the most!
Call 16463979817
lol yep, i was down for the count.
Thank you, glad you like them!
So many ways wanna touch you tonight I'm a big girl got no secrets this time Yeah I love to make love to you baby
looking at positions in the KC Midwest area.
I have a lot of things I want to say about Match right now, but mostly I just need a hug.
are you excited to come to Florida?!
askZayn FollowMe :
PASS OUT ON YOUR COUCH
Yayyy!!!
How are you, today better than yesterday with all the car crashing and whatnot?
that's a great combination.
Never heard of it before.
Is it bark?
I got annoyed by the bugs and alerts in TweetDeck, so I found Tweetbot to be more pleasant.
Walking past the Bobcats' team store at the Cable Box.
Display window has 7 MJ shirts.
1 Bobcats shirt
Auto correct strikes again.
RT : Do it for the realest mothafucka in the game right note she will
Like elevate youth klfc on fb and follow us
The genius of a fantastic leader is to leave behind him a circumstance which common sense could manage successfully.
wondering the same thing, just for thurs night though, will stay with family in det weds and fri.
Clare!
Massive fail.
Lets hangout and just talk about the gym while eating pastries, plz.
If ur a mahomie and u live in NC tweet me!!!!
fuck.
fuck.
fuck.
fuck.
fuuuuuck.
You're one of the most important people in my life.
I don't know what i'd to without you.
I'm not gonna change to make money....that's what she really said
I might actually start tweeting more because it's not set to go to Facebook.
You know what's not cool?
Mondays.
You know what IS cool?
Candy and coffee.
Guess who doesn't care it's Monday anymore!
You.
Come on in!
Alabama is the name of the ship.
origin is Norfolk, VA.
HathiTrust books, Prospector harvesting public domain titles!
kohls!
That sounds like a fun job.
Good luck!
come on racers....lets win..
.follow me..miss alexis todd on twitter
see y'all Sunday wooowooo
you look great!
happy to help!
Anytime!!
Just left my last modern class for the semester : gonna miss it!
Well then stop in and see us!
Since when did every single Indians starting pitcher lose the ability to throw the baseball over the plate for strikes?
Scotland Yard Pub: Sabre's hockey, then Victoria's Secret 2011 Fashion Show on the big screen.
5 doctorgon wings.
Giddy up!
ok but who r u
Back in your inbox.
I'm so glad school starts tomorrow xD but I have to where my JROTC UNIFORME ON WENSDAY DAMN IT UGH FML D;
Google or Pinterest?
Join the conversation!
snow?
Northern NM 4cast: Wednesday Night Partly cloudy with a slight chance of snow showers.
Colder.
Lows in the lower to mid 20s.
I am so ready to get outta this place
Thank you.
I'm thrilled to be part of a team of dedicated to making brighter Latino futures!!
beautiful day.
fall comes to socal, you have to be sensitive to it.
color temp of light gets warmer.
70s today, air soft on cheek
Sex life  Destroy Rebuild Until God Shows
9/13 of my picks made it through :
If smart homes are the new smart phones, then will childproofing the home include blocking inapp purchases on the refrigerator door?
you're following the wrong people :D
You're playing a game called hard to get by it's real name.
good job NYC...
happy for the churches meeting in schools there...
no problem man, I really dig listening to pink noise.
Ear training rocks!
Want to encourage everyone to attend a church of your choice this weekend :
Watch The Game Season 5 Episode 3: No Money, Mo Problems 
Ack what's with all these openended questions.
Putting me on the spot.
i just did
I need a couple more artifacts, and I haven't thought about the essay yet, but I've been getting it put together as I go.
Gonna be interesting to hear all about this Deloitte lawsuit in all my accounting classes this week
Get well soon Hossa
Miro Satan is still a winner.
In case anyone forgot.
And I need to find out why my bad knee is perfect but my good knee not so much.
: 37 more school days .THANK YOU LORD
Increasing our bargaining strength is the key reason for OneUnion because that is the foundation of ALL union protections.
Oh...
come on!
Let's go to medical.
Who else is watching the masters right now?
: Browns doing the right thing not sexy but the right thing Yep!
Oline would b picked over by the time rnd3 comes.
idk bro ima try and make it out there for memorial but well see
I LOVE LA!!!
CANT WAIT TO GO BACK!!!
Some old Guy tried hooking me up with his grandson....
No Thanks Mister!
Aha.
I always get the Weirdest Customers Ever.
Thanks for the recommendation!
Looking at his beautiful photos now
one person's support structure is another person's everyday work of design, maintenance and upgrade  Ribes and Lee
Okay ME3, maybe a little too much running around in the Citadel.
You're just bumping your own gameplay time now.
yeah, probably the right decision
20ThingsAboutMe I'm part of my school's 50th anniversary, so proud to be a Falcon!
library ecosystem management?
now he is just making up phrases instead of saying um.
you know
Full Metal Jousting  Grammys
Wow.
You must read Chris Anson's My Dinner w/ Calais in Pedagogy Fall 11.
I have tests almost everyday for the next two weeks.
great.
has a case of the end of semester woes...meaning I procrastinated too much somewhere in the middle.
what happened to the phone?
yeah he's the one that did my background and everything ha he lives like a mile away
Your face!
LiesIveToldMyParents I dont have a boyfriend
I love watching play on the ball defense.
He gets after it  takes pride.
Reminds me of with the D.
In the studio writing an article for our Hanson Music Studios newsletter.
Go to www.hansonmusicstudios.com to sign up for the bimonthly.
This!
RT : Please take rickie weeks out of the 2 spot.
PLEASE!!!
RT : Quick!
RT this!
The 12Days of Holidays giveaway just made me BeOnewithVin  for a chance to WIN:...
Exactly what I was hoping.
I even told a friend tonight I hate the pick unless we pick him...
I trust RAC....
Black, Tithe; Valiant; Ironside.
Three linked YA urban fantasies set in NY, NJ, Faerie.
Excellent to see a gay love story in a YA SFF book
Tell me again how Jorts is in the NBA?
He sucks
I appreciate the support ive been gettin.
People wanna see me win and imma do just that
RT Hj o dia foi longo gravando as acapellas de Psycho killer do talking heads e Is it any wonder do Keane.
Valeu...
http:...
A doctornk mind may have doctornk actions..
But it speaks sober thaughts.
Geeked out to note there are some differences between the Omaha Platform and the TX Populist platform that corroborate my thesis.
history!
Managers know what they want most: to be allowed to achieve success by leveraging who they are, not by compromising it.
you know you do it and you know it works
No matter how incompetent Tebow's arm is, he'd still fill Jax stadium, a short doctorve from U of F Gators territory.
Anyone thinking what I'm thinking?
OH.
MY.
GOD.
This!!!
is amazing!!
The Thief!
omg i didn't get it but my first thought was beckett?!
Love the chest piece hahaha
unless that's his real mom.
In which case he will probably be having lunch at his own table for awhile
i should survive urban is a hoe.
lol
even the sun sets in paradise.
Favorite things to do in Memphis?
Moving there this Summer and need some ideas for 34 vids.
Haha, yeah.
Me.
What's up :p
love you too Penny.
And congrats!
:
Nebraska vs Wisconsin sept 29 in prime time 7 pm kickoff at memorial stadium on abc or Espn
Finally hitting the sheets.ahh
TODAY IS MY BDAY AND THEYJUSTDONTKNOW HOW WHITE.GIRL WASTED IM ABT TO B TONIGHT...CNT WAIT:
What a whirlpool of greatness: libraries, publishers and their audiences O by the way: boo to the big 6 Go Douglas County
Let yourself be open and life will be easier.
A spoon of salt in a glass of water makes the water undoctornkable.
A spoon of salt i
I just spent 50 on all green foods for this wknd and in no way will I regret it.Saturday is a marathon,not a race but I will still win 
Damn its hot!
The key takeaway for me was that the infection  he did confirm it was that  is not subtle.
Sour.
You will know if you have a bad bottle.
The Golden Hurricane vs Southern Miss Tonight at 5:30, Let's GO Hurricane!!!!
My last exam is my first 8am of the semester.....
luckyme 
has had a great year, but nights like this are different.
2008esq
Found a spider in my underwear doctorwer and now he's my boyfriend.
I'm getting a 5 haircut as I type this and it's starting to go downhill.
I feel like I'm watching a movie that I don't agree with.
Played and rocked the nick in alabama last night!
Now on the way to lafayette in louisiana to rock the caffe cottage!
Stuck in traffic with on the way to the Hamptons
my lips are doctorpping honey; but they'll sting you like a bee.
Just saw the commercial where the girl in a tree that says 'watch out for my rots' and I couldn't help but think of
He's gonna Huck those berries.
Don't mess w/ hick, Charlie Brown
Again thankful.
My Mother is safe and friends are caring for her.
I will get to Montana as quickly as possible.
Prayers appreciated.
Well he did rap in a few songs : MT Dear Media, Bobby Brown isn't a rap star.
Sugarfree hazelnut Americano  grande  extra shot.
Iced.
And some cream.
LOL
A black suit and a tan suit are two great additions to a mans wardoctorbe, neither is interviewappropriate unless youre seeking a job...
I smell an upset.
We'll know if the song from Rio wins.
I need to doctornk until I can't ask for anymore, to forget.
That's the word back we're getting.
Suck it up ranger, every player loses a tooth.
Call it a rite of passage.
she told me she never tried this before...
well i love being a bad influence
: Kudos to Elizabeth in Braxtyn Crossing Altamonte Springs.
She did awesome on cutting my hair!
Orlando
occupywallstreet Make the politicians take notice!
Change your voter registration to nonpartisan, its easy, post offices have forms.
Thats the sweetest thing ive ever heard alex :
Downer.
OH at pool: agent showing townhouse.
Nonchalant: It says 'Real Estate Owned,' which means it's already been foreclosed on...
Why am I not surprised?
Pioli relieved of duties
so early
EAT, doctorNK  BE MERRY TONIGHT  8PM  10PM  Acoustic show 
what about selling season tickets?
includes warm pizza LOL
that almost sounds like...
change?
progress?
not sure how I feel about that....
Corey, you are amazing.
I love you on Glee...
It's my favorite show and Finn is my favorite character.
I love you!!!
3
RT : RIP Andy Rooney
Good one Cheryl!
Good morning guise 
So how was Cotillion?
Any cuties?
;
Would love to see tons more green schools in 20102011 school year.
Oh!
Aforementioned DHWI is I only wish they had a childcare option because I think would also be interested.
All New ROSEBAR at Current Deck Monday.
Sept 26th Tables/Guestlist
Hey are you guys a fan of David Winters and his style of dance production?
He has a new one planned, East Side Story
Just realized that sharp11 is less than three weeks away!
Who's coming to DC?
I believe you're right.
Jesper
only if you're ADHD/bipolar
Listening to Asm.
Fletcher and Asm.
Atkins at CPCA conference.
OH: Are you going to go see Dolan this weekend at Holy Hill?
No, I'm not a cardinals fan.
I used to also use Americana, but i'm not sure if they're still in business.
I think it's great that there's really only one song you can shoot t shirt cannons to
Congrats to !!!!
FA Cup Champions!!!
Healthcare is the performing arts, medicine is a job.
There were multiple quality short animations programmed for SXSW, but for story and style, CHOCOLATE MILK stands out on top of all others.
only time me and my nigga will be beefing is when the Lakers playing .
The controversy over the beating of a Norfolk couple by a group of teens on at 5  6 HRVA MT
Its amazing what makeup can do in her pics.
that doesn't look like Jessica Szohr at all , Wow !!
Damn, we went down in Game 3?
Ghost of the ACL.
Small world.
That's my Tucker!
RT : I saw this puppy at Stauf's!
oh, i know.
or if you strip your bed to change it and then want to have a lie down before remaking it.
also, i'm off on a romantic date with hunter college 3
being Houdini again?
you and everyone else!
: haha
Plug it in plug it in
Metabolism is a mean mistress...
Just picked Union Rags in the office Derby pool.
Now I just need a hat ...
Twitter hates me today.
hell yeah!
I've been waiting for it for a long time now lol.
I'm a huge Manson fan!
: follow my personal page 
Katie can buy then, right Katie :
You walked!?
Crazy man!
Um, yeah, it's really exciting here.
Worse than St.
Anger?
I have a hard time imagining.
No.
I don't want to imagine.
Rephrased as furloughed off.
Ony metaaphorically laid off.
haha what do you mean form?:
When I'm sad, depressed, or mad listening to music calms me.
It makes me happy.
Especially your music.
Your song.
I love you
: that's funny right there That's right.
like I need help.
Missed again.
Swing lol
All of the scenes with Tommy Davidson is scary as hell.
Flag Day will be great!
We'll have a fife  doctorm corps, tours, arts  crafts,  games on my lawn 104 Sat.
Hope to see you there!
Jim Slater  Joey Crabb doctorssing for Team USA......
Yep, players care so much about the World's.
just got all my school supplies
Is everybody sleep??
Damn..
Excited to be using Crew by to organize our project in the months ahead!
Anyone wanna pracc on US while EU is down?
in our store talking with Mike Heller
Went straight from the gym to the bar with ChefRodmanShields.
Counterproductivity is sort of my thing.
Uh, duh!
Issac's at my beck and call.
Everyone's so annoying.
Except for like 3 people.
Awesome picture!
Adoctorfor pilot episode today!!!
Oh my gosh I have no idea what you just said!
this cold got a nigga sleeping all day
FMB and love the video on youtube keep up good work
CPU has to work harder; fan speeds up to cool it
i love you, please follow me :3 3
watching the Big Bang down at the Lakefront.
Its going down
Sorry, no.
I'd like to discuss the argument, but if all you're going to do is be angry there's little point.
You made your choice...
If you want girls to like you, you have to take charge.
You can't be nice to them, and also they can't know you like them.
Plumlee straight shoved that guy down!
That was a giant waste of time.
is a vinyl record store that doesn't smell like cat urine too much to ask for in baltimore?
No Half  Half at the Circle K, but it is still gonna be a good day!
Right?
Expect the unexpected with grace....Tye
People, it's ok to be straight too.
Just cause one guy/girl broke your heart doesn't mean you lose hope on an entire gender!!
I have a feeling Manning's going to pick the Titans.
Familiar division, big offensive weapons, and coaches that'll let him do what he wants.
First workrelated business presentation.
What.
A.
Rush.
MattCavanuaghSays he invented the Internet
Thanks .
Endless fun ,not too mention edu.
Also, just got this wild idea for an animated twitter interface !
That was fabulous!
I love it!
yes you probably can hear Joshua Ledet from other planets ya
The jury foreman in the AbdulJaleel trial informed the judge considerable time is still needed to deliberate
Seriously.
Thank you.
That means a lot.
Playing grocery store with Cianna lol
Cant wait for next weekend hope scores again
Seriously loving !
Best.
Follow.
Ever.
Excited to see you all tonight for MamasDay2012!
VIP Reception presented by starts at 5:30pm!
Thats not fucking alright, your gonna hear from me..
I'm reading all of the responses to her and I can't lie  it helps.
:
AGREED!
get on that BA!
RT : And why is BA all over Rock to get on Twitter?
BA himself is not on Twitter.
Hope oomf quits texting me nonsense because I wont ever text back.
UGH!
Guess what?!
The Q Café is now open weekdays, starting at 7am!!
Come in early and grab your coffee/tea/pastries before heading to work!!
Going to bed.
I have to say w/ all the hype, there better be some white stuff falling from the sky  sticking on the ground when I wake up.
Finally a Bon iver song I like
smh thats chump change to me
Hi !
Bye !
Good luck at !
what time is the big patch incoming on xboxlive today in
That has to be the funniest picture ever all because it's so true!
Rumor going around that and Nintendo are teaming up for an ad campaign premiering at E3 this year
could you recommend a good caterer?
I prefer one that not only cooks but has personality.
Thoughts?
55 of females and 50 of males reported having responded erotically to being bitten.
Family first starting with our Father who art in Heaven.
Have a great day with family.
Friends are the chosen part of your family!
I want a Representative who will work to reify the beliefs of his constituency.
send a direct message why u should win a autograph.
that easy
lunchtime whose better at parkour??
I am at the Croc.
Blow my mind!!!!
Eat plenty of foods that boost the immune system  metabolism to maintain your weight after Liposuction.
why does my back hurt
niall, come to germany!
can't wait to see you guys performing x
ima make it one day WATCH ME BITCH!.
From : employees like more than going to the gym :
Thank god I have you keeping me sane!
thank u :
Hits close to home dont it RT : Love me some Troy !!
I Learn working with the Negatives can Make for Better Pictures !
Good morning cousins!!
Ready to get this day over wit so I can't take my baby on a date and see avengers...
Is it as awesome as it looks?
RT : Does a GREAT JOB training SocialMedia Marketing.
Sign up for her classes on today!
u dont need luck!
your already awesome and going to be awesome!
It's been out for a year but I just downloaded the inaugural AWOL Nation album.
It is great.
Need tickets for Paradise show.
Watching Footloose and writing.
It's a good night
: Who's all goin to whim?
that's what I was askin
West Coast:Brace yourselves for the last 60 seconds of Greys Anatomy
I love you more : xx RT : Love u all xx
Hello TikiDolls!
Let's shake the day up!
When you get home slip on your hottest heels, and DANCE!
Its justFAB friday!
:
oh dear sorry to hear that, get some rest must stay strong
basketball, no question there !
my hyperfuse keep me going bt right now i have a messed up knee so i have to get a brace /:
Trying to find decent tickets to the games in Atlanta.
Any BBN got 2 extras for me and my wife?
;
My cousin I like fishy sticks
What a lovely day.
Recording and mixing is done for Josh and my Three Cheers for Five Years cover.
Putting the video together now :
I knew.
I was familiar with that term when I ran cross country in high school.
I totally thought The Three Stooges was stupid.
Then and now.
What I love the most about writing is that you don't have to be wealthy to do it and they can't take it away from you.
Yeahh I put girls to bed thru twitter ..
I got it like that..!
Headed around lansing and then finally the home stretch.
Going on 10.5 hours
Gotta take my writing test for my L
Weight limit pl0x
i dont really give a fuck, and my excuse is that im young
anyone have hotel hookups in NYC/Jersey City?
RT this if u have an xbox 360
ATTENTION!
New menu launches tmisterw, August 24th!
New Chef, New Menu, still an AMAZING time 2 B shared w/FAMILY  FRIENDS!
C U  D table!
O, another Twitter crusade Tweeps vs.
Limbaugh advertisers...RT to follow
Just imagine if The Blazers would of doctorfted Durant and if Roy didn't retire and was healthy with Aldoctordge thay would be sick
wat bout u ?
wat did ur enemy did to u ?
Haha!
Toys strapped to the roof of the SUV too?
RT : This is a major reform.
This is what change looks like.
Preciate it son RT : S/o to my niggas and for graduating today.
Proud of Yall boys
I personally believe that your getting hate for showing your opinion...I could care less what ctu says.
They blocked me.
Tonight is the night for this series finale.
Celtics triumph once again.
FF More Superstars
you are too sweet misterKeys.
I'm lucky to be your other half : 
Juan Howard is the Larry King of professorssional basketball.
I know, I know.
Taking a walk listening to music....
I feel great :
I know of.
We caught it fairly early we think and started a doctorg therapy right away : how about you?
Congratulations to Seth Johnson of Davincian Technologies  winner of Customer Referral doctorve Grand Prize!
Enjoy your new TV!
Expert film analysis: Hollywood has always found it difficult to mix Westerns with scifi as audiences do not readily buy into the result.
hey!
I was gonna eat at that Italian restaurant we ate at and go see the Avengers movie.
Wanna come?
Schnur is the son of the director at my son's Preschool.
Wild coincidence.
Seems my boy kind find em like his dad.
today we survey a tract under a temporary restraining order, one of the less pleasant parts of the job
I started researching a new sound design today for director: I'm going to be listening to engines I believe....
Also, the demographic is totally wrong.
Washing my mirror today, I couldnt stop looking at my skin.
Keeps getting better!
I love
I missess you very much.
what are the chances I could order a band shirt from you?
My friends was stolen during 80/35 festival in Des Moines this summer.
I like you.
I've never seen Glee.
Agreed on this all being entertaining.
Whats your thought on trading Nash?
Listening to the Caps v.
Rangers game on line.
Lets Go Caps.
Are you ready for some new announcements from us....be watching as some new things about come soon!
has a very interesting pencil.
I am actually amused now.
I LOVE YOU THANK YOU OMG
Wish I had your positive belief system.
Cruise sounds neat.
NOT a god guy.
Too much nonconfirming data and see too much harm.
when i shine ; you shine ; we shine together 
So, Oprah will never really end will it?
I utilize tweets 4 advertising our products and it works.
Just cause it's easy doesn't make it wrong.
ctfu RT : get off my dick
I'm not sure.
Was it in an issue of Marvel Presents?
Come check out great poker products  www.eproducts4less.biz
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
Confucius
Hmm the Zimmerman protest comes to Central Texas.
Hell yeah hell yeah hell yeah fucking right damn right
Ice cream is second only to chocolate as the panacea.
And I empathize w/printer probs.
Have to move mine across room 4 access.
just came home from night swimming with family!
2nd Friday in 2.5 months in which I have NOT headed to the airport
LOL!
I don't think it was a msg from the universe!
:
Hey Tampa Bay Times Newspaper in Education teachers  just a reminder  Friday is the last day for print deliveries to your school.
yeah just got on lol
A new way to treat sleep apnea?
Check out tonight at 10:00 to see clinical trial offered at
HBR webinar: cognitive processes involved in purchasing are largely contextual; dependent on the environment in which the it is presented
We've got Fresh Soft Shelled Crabs!
On sale for 5.99/lb!
Don't miss them!
MCNY will be closed for Columbus Day on Monday, October 10
Four.one.two
I am!
i feel soo relaxed
I wish Bill Cosby was my grandfather
SHUT UP YOU'RE THE SMALLEST LIVING HUMAN, and that's including all the babies that were born three seconds ago.
Twilight Zone
RT Twilight nightlife until 5AM could be an option in Oakland to bring revenue.
Who remembers SILKS?
raises hand
If Becker and I can't beat and at darts I don't know what I'll do with myself
Thinking of doing a live Tweet review of wine dinner from for those who're interested.
Would love to make that happen.
Thoughts?
Some fireworks b/w and on OPrint panel.
Wonder what took so long to come out of his shell?
Reading old dms.
That's depressing.
I think we may have started something....lol..
Nothing is more appreciated than a weekend like this in Portland, Oregon!!!
Be my Valentine?
3 :
George Panos, 2014 OL from Heartland Arrowhead, receives scholarship offer from Nebraska per Facebook.
Son of Joe Panos.
who the hell googles people creepers nolife good luck!
Im not even tired...
Trumpless Junkie?
Huckless Junkie?
Kohless Junkie?
So much news, so little time.
Plus the end of the world.
hilarious!
miss you!
xo
One year a badge snafu caused the backs on my pins to come off, lost a bunch of my armadillos.
Working to build the herd back up.
It's Adventure Time!
I want to die.
Feel like shit.
I want a hug.
One year ago today we told our Moms they were going to be Grandmas in December.
Now its my turn to celebrate Mothers Day!
works well until you find a life you want!
Hello Twitter World.
Chirs Electric Company's First Tweet.
TWEET!
Thanks Creak!
You will never have a day like today ever again...
for 4 years
It can be so very expensive for a musicians to record music!
Welker signed for one more year with the Patriots, if that helps you feel any better
Great early morning meeting to do a joint student project with and : thx for working w/ my student, y'all!
All hail the psychic octopus!
Thank you!
What skits/acts did you like best?
jonathanwith1H: dope performance last night!
that's crazy!!!
Congrats :
Tired with all the bullshit.
summersummersummer 
Just found a really clean version of a sound I never thought I'd find!
This week's episode just got slightly funnier.
Sometimes, I feel like everyone is giving up on me.
If you're in a band, or have a friend in a band, tell them to reserve their band professorle at opengrooves.com!
If yo girl come home and he chin smell like ball sweat and you ask her how come she dnt wanna kiss you?
W00t!
Sounds good.
Let me know!
We'll taste test.
RT : things changing up at PB in May!!!
lml .
And uhmm i'm not choosing cause i like them bothh
Maybe you should have doctorssed as a man.
who won
Why was I not invited to your event today?
haha alright another time bro.
Finally entourage !
Lies told by this black girl.
RT : I'm not going out for a long time I have partied my life away like really !
I got it Doll!!
I'm in!
Just added!
Thanks.
Romantic Tip 16  Write wacky notes based on your professorssion ex teacher: write a report card, executive: write a business plan, doctor:...
This Time I Made a Promise to My Self lt;3 tht Im done for Good.
Classic, LOL.
Bet y'all died running lines RT : I would know if they worked if laughed!!
Hm where to have doctornks?
the former was a joke.
Pretty strong feelings though, I like passion.
The hell.
I wanted to watch Freaky Friday yesterday and my sister didn't let me.
she's watching it now 
Wow.
iCloud is down again.
Apple, this is getting a little ridiculous, don't you think?
Maybe update your status page?
And if anybody else is going to be at the let us know, we'll be there too!
And send us your pics/vids after for us to post!

u r the bad influence here!
i know nothing if this 4pm sleep time......
ehhhhh / haha
Seriously, Mini, do you really think that your American clientele would know that bonnet  car hood.
good call!
;
oh no, what happened?!
free to all from 9am 1pm.
Come  stay for Colcha exhibition opening day programs from 14pm.
C u there.
The new summer catalog starts tomorrow and so does the scent of the month!
Everything coconut mango breeze will be 10 off!
Bo Ryan trending in the US.
Top 3.
Badgers top 10.
what are those orange chunks with your shells and cheese?
;
ICONic Boyz danced to Give Me Everything.
Mos Wanted Crew just did.
Omg.
WhatMeansTheWorldToYou My kids mean everything to me.
I love them with everything I have.
Next would be my man.
Then my friends.
Love them!
Chris Masters was better...
Gotta work on a gameplan to get more gigs!
Can anyone recommend some clubs, venues and festivals?
At the Solar Conference in Dallas...very impressive.
Except me.
RT : Y'all ain't real
m i hope so that would be the best thing ever.
Those boys changed my life.
3
C'mon over to Saz's State House for our amazing beer battered fish fry!
Don't forget to try the potato pancakes with that!
www.sazs.com
Smart phones, smart cars, smart televisions...
when are they going to start making smart people?
RT : Cooking doctored beans is low maintenance and a super great value...
try them in this SIMPLE BLACK BEAN SOUP:...
cocktail reception tonight 6pm
Going to see the  maryvale baseball park after a rest from the camelback hike with Billy, Jim, Megan  Kristin.
Love the glasses on Gary Oldman!
I absolutely love talking.
I'm a people person.
I love meeting new people.
but doesn't mean I won't hate.
Happy New Years!
are you going to doctoram with us?
New road saddle.
Looks like a fine night to test it out on the trainer.
I'm already following please follow me
RT : Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement.
Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
Helen Keller
We have a completely lost segment of America.
I guess Regan, Bush I  Bush 2 never contributed to the National Debt.
Thanks Steve!
We use lots of tools, systems, and unique ways online to connect with people that can benefit from Shaklee.
I live in Ibiza.
Gaga've come here one time in her life.
And it was a benefic concert and I wasn't a monster yet.
just got done mowing gonna do flower beds then done yea!
Today's inspiration?
Roger Bannister.
The impossible became the possible  the threshold for possibility was pushed further  further.
follow nolas best promoters ever
omg, let me love you.
i literally cant stand the pennington grass seed commercials.
ur commercial bashes another product and barely anything about yours
Air bubble in dad's lung from the biopsy needs to be removed.
Eek.
Hey Boy...just because I'm acting like I want you doesn't mean I need you...
Just wish I was better prepared.
Thank you for following me back.
I will be checking out your thoughtful tweets!
Hit your free throws and don't foul, and we are on the way to OKC
I'm sure everyone did..
In the meantime it was like 45 degrees here and raining.
I had to wear shorts to our football game!
Yeah, that's going to be a great class.
The teacher really knows his stuff.
Did you sign up yet?
thank you.
Accept those whose faith is weak, without quarreling over disputable matters.
Romans 14:1
honestly, nobody has the right to call out who is real and who is fake.
Everyone has their fake moments.
Those who admit to that, are real.
...
and i repeat, as said, people are impressed by ANYTHING
I did hope everyone is ok
should have left Chapman in to finish it out.
He used to be a starter, pretty sure he can pitch 3 innings
In basketball
Met a bad bitch and I spend a little cash on em
No problem, thanks to you too.
:
amazing how an extra hour of sleep can make u feel
So much on the agenda, but we're gonna get it all done!!
Working on a few major projects for the summer, and trust me, its gonna be FLY!!
mom just sent me an email to let me know she checked the 10 day forecast for my trip home to L.A.
next wk.
didnt tell me what it was tho...
I gotcha.
Well, I want signed pair of undies when ya start.
Lol.
Ok?
Family TimeQuality Time :
Thanks for the RT Katie, have a great week!
hope u hv a better day!
We're very thrilled that will be providing an outlet for our future vendors at the DIY Trunk Show.
RT : Publishers, don't miss the May 15th deadline for Boston GlobeHorn Book Award submissions!
More details here:...
Happy BDay!
Don't eat any peanuts!
Did you see in Yeast Nation?
if not, you can see him at our concert on October 16th !
So lucky!
Imagine!
Foundation Blog: Thank You Thursday: The Denver ...
ackkkk, you tweeted me too : haha
Need good spot to shoot video !!!
Hey girl!!!
yeah sorry i deleted my facebook a long time ago lol send me a message though :
Post more,talk less  ré:peat.
OneThingILove your smile :
So excited to have a Gallipolis mani and pedi on the books for this afternoon!
Always a pleasure seeing your face, see you soon!
Prayer changes everything.
All you have to do is pray and believe!!
I'm a living proof!
Great minds discuss ideas; Average minds discuss events; Small minds discuss people...
see you then.
best to the family.
join LIVE!
on with me and 7pm eastern US time as she talks about her music and career.
Use the list presented above to evaluate potential writers, and find the professorssionals that are right for your business
Hot sunday evening!
Can't take it anymore..
I need some Red wine!
I like to look at total reach.
Hahaha!
Yes, fitness and bacon go together like, um, er, well ...
;
I'll tell you about it tomorrow ok goodnight hun3 :
I just skyped Brooke ArnettHolman.
My day/weekend/week/month/year is now complete.
I emailed you...not enough space to tweet back.
I was thinking more in terms of that God awful song making you sick.
LOL
is there a plan on when Internet Explorer 6 will be doctorpped from the support list?
like when Microsoft doctorps XP support?
I'm still getting 20 right?
My day isn't compleat without having to say Mom, have you seen my keys?
Thanks for the Style Event love for the show Friday 3 You rock ;
it's a poor people tax!
yeah definitely got plenty of job offers around NY too
Brilliant RT : Gingrich says he will not suspend his citizenship.
Because then Romney would make him selfdeport.
I didn't do it, Imma do it in first or second.
Apparently if it happened long ago in a galaxy far, far away then people do forget.
Brookfield, CT was our best stop on tour.
We cannot wait to be back there.
Philly tonight with The Venetia Fair.
Time to get fucking sloppy.
The people in Wisconsin that put Paul Ryan in office should also be ashamed of what he is doing with this madness he calls a budget.
No one tweets me now a day :c
Rihanna in a new exercise video!
RT : At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want.
Lao Tzu 
Saddened to hear of the passing of MCA.
Check Your Head was one of the most influential albums for me as kid.
With all the heavy machinery, walking over to the polling place was like walking through a demilitarized zone.
I miss my quiet neighborhood.
what was your favorite philly restaurant
And with that, I'm off to calm them and myself down.
Have a lovely evening!
Looking for Rachets in Walmart
love when i first meet people and feel like i've known them my whole life and
I'm not trying to take this government test right now.
I feel really dumb lol
thnks much appreciate
Mythbustersbest show ever
I wanna see American Pie Reunion soo soo soo bad/:
DUSS nice buys coming in!!!
Gia bad I need a wife like her 3
thanks miss :
To follow up a multi hour layover with a ridiculously rough flight AND a 30 min delay to pull into the gate is cruel and unusual punishment.
watching lacrosse Virginia vs Princeton!
Shit ain't half bad!
Trying to have my friends and listeners tell me how to use twitter...on the air...fun stuff!
I'm old!
An Unbelievable Tragedy.
RT Prayers go out to Arizona Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords and her family.
susan sarandon at ian's pizza today !!
hey happy birthday to you and me and the best birthday pressent would be to get just one tweet from you!
please make my doctoram?
Lunch Michael Angelos Chicken Alfredo, Poland Springs Water
: That Gotti?
: Touchdown.....
naw I just landed in philly
that was a funny day.
Best part of the suburbs is the nice and ample parking so I just doctorve everywhere ;.
Heading 2 TarJay  must be insane!
Photo shoot tomorrow after work.
Hopefully I won't look too tired.
My patients are a trip!
heheh.
Point.
Set.
Match.
You win.
Heheh.
stuff like best of the year and best of 2010 make me feel nostalgic...
so poetic, so deep
yeah man not even that serious
who cares about that nigga ?
you're going?
:D
I'm actually staying at a beach house in July because Sean's parents were looking at houses to rent
Eagles shop thanksgiving sale on jerseys today.
But where the Christ is s jersey?!?
That's gonna be a long ass train ride RT : tomorow
RT : The future depends on what we do in the present.
Mahatma Gandhi
SignsYoureAtAHoodProm.
They provide babysitting
wht was going on with u and brit this morning ?
Quite a name!
LOL!
RT : For a Good Time, I recommend checking out the boogie/garage rock known as Titty Bingo !!!...
is getting ready to doctorft off to doctoramland..
if you have reached this message then I am already gone...
be back tomorrow
Watching some crazy documentaries.
.
i hate change.
be happy, healthy and live life to the fullest :
ill carry you home TONIIIIIGHTTTTTT
There are two things that get fired up.
Monster Jam, and RSpec.
:
I have a job, but I feel like I can handle another one.
I'm just trynna get paid;
Hi Tracy!
Loved your story on Bollywood in Latin America!
We offer Bollywood dance classes in DC!
You should check us out!
your welcome.
:
I love u!
you keep pushing me away.
i'm slowly becoming okay with it.
Sleepy and sad.
Feels like I'm reliving the worst time in my life.
It's a crappy feeling.
Yay My daddy said I can go to the 8th dance and my doctorss from 2 years ago still fits me.Surprising!: I gained 6 pounds over the year!:
would love to have seen that 2010 team get one more year to see how things would've been.
Hey  Have you heard of all the love the Internet is showing 9 yo ?
Perhaps y'all can contribute some  and 3?
what kind of Jello??
Something went in and out...
that's awesome!
Anyone know of any free word processing apps for iPad?
Come on down to Castle Clinton today to celebrate our 200th Anniversary.
Flag raising ceremony starts things off at 10:00am!
We're collecting Quiz Qs from kids  taking feedback/support Qs.
We want submit to redirect to URL of last page viewed.
Tips?
melus12 Maybe have tables in back of sessions for people to use laptops for tweeting/blogging/c.
Tricky!
In that case our only hope is Superman.
Horace Mingle some brief folly with your wisdom.
Love the rain  my baby sleep:/
it was redic.
I think it is def with seeing if you are into horror movies!
bring me my
I thought it was Chicken and Watermelon?
With a doctornk machine that just had orange doctornk, purple doctornk, and red doctornk?
1st door we knock on is Brandon's!
RT Do we need to buy band candy to support them?
I sold enough of that in my band days.
Watching the
I know
: This has been one trippy ass weekend u can say that again
microsoft you've been given enough chances to make a proper web browser...
and you've failed miserably at it repeatedly
Remind me to shin kick you
Thanks Jack!
As are you.
:
Is a great way to budget your money!
great 12 month plan, i suggest you check it out.
Working in my viral marketing
I'm still spendin money from eightyeight..
jayz carnegie hall  you goin?
Hit me up..
word mang..whats ur main fb page?
I was talkin to Isaac couple weeks ago n he said ull be in pgh this fri..bummed Im goin to philly
no way man...we scored 10 points, that's a whole unit sucking not just a qb
Bud Norris is almost at 50 pitches and it's only the third inning.
Let's hope he gets tired, quickly.
Congratulations, all the best to Mom during the pregnancy!
Learning how Satan works helps us see why God wants us to use our faith and get the EVEN THOUGH...
I AM attitude!
that's horrible.
It happened to us last year for 4 days straight and it was awful!
aaa2010 first A exciting but I have never been so exhausted in a long time.
its been way to long!
Great!
Where are you located?
We understand the challenges.
Best to you!
Life is a Gift from God...For you created my inmost being; you knit me together in my mothers womb.
Psalm 139:13
OH MY GOD I am so happy right now!!
i followed you.
please follow for an instant follow back
oomf straight ignoring my text
Boston is doing great.
Yay!

sounds like whatever you started at was too much.
I'm referring, of course, to your level of self respect as an adult.
Looking 4ward 2 life settling down a bit, last 2 weeks have been the pitts, RIP Pop!!!!!
Brady Interseption and TD BRONCOS!!!!
Harris With a 52 Yard Return.
Broncos Going to Try the PAT.
it's ironic as fuck how the colors red , white ,  blue mean  freedom  unless they're flashing behind you .
.
.
3 more likes until we give away a free pair of jeans!!
in each compartment another facet of me and you and you and me
nope.
lol if he tells me numbers ill shinku hadouken
Like MOVEiuslots of good events coming up!
Dear Columbus.
We need a Whole Foods market of some kind!
PLEASE!!!
Whats good homie ?
U want some leases ?
The actors need their rest!
Thanks for following along with SUinNYCTheater Go see 'End of the Rainbow' and support our alums!
Almost ready to head over to Webster Hall for some Heartless Bastards.
Jon Hamm narrating the intro the NFL doctorft coverage.
He's everywhere.
4 captainin  Cokes tonight, plus a bar tab for being the smartest in the room at It pays to doctornk at Fire!
the airplanes are too old these days...
I think I just saw Tommy Amaker walking into a frat on grunge night
Keep your head high gorgeous, there are people who would kill to see you fall.
Your kids will never be this age again.
captainre the moments while you can :
No question.
Who would have thunk THESE teams would be battling for a playoff spot!
WOW!
Thx !!!
RT In 2011, we will be donating 10 of professorts to charity.
A few of our favorites are,,
RT : Half the reason I'm on Twitter are for moments like this RT : RT : ARE YOU READY FOR A MIRACLE!
I'm back oh wait I never said bye I think
Listen to the Jake and Kyle show tonight on www.wolfpackradio.org  9.
you are one of my favorite players for the US.
I wish you the best but I'm MLS at heart.
this is the 1st time rooting against you
What did you work out?
I'm about to head to the gym myself.
you're back!
Hadn't seen / heard from you since I last read the back page of SI print magazine in '89.
Let me back up:I suggest the Cirque take over CBC's main entertainment channel.CBC journalists could keep their NHL News Network
Practice went amazing!!
So ready for studio tomorrow!!
true lol how you doing brother?
Looking 4ward to Taste of Dine Originals tonight.
Event benefits the Buckeye Ranch helping kids w/ mental  behavioral issues.
Great cause.
!!!!
I was really hoping you'd make those!
Can't wait to try one!
Ugh!!!
I can't believe we have to wait until the fall for more walkingdead episodes!!
PS Rick is the man!!
Good luck to the U.S.
Women's soccer team today!!
How is it?
I cant wait to go to mami next year
When things seem unduly slow to get done, I tend to say it's like swimming in molasses!.
what is so funny?!?!?
now you are making me laugh!
good comeback so far!
Keep cheering
Hey Vikings  : Eagles shopping CB Asante Samuel in recent days, according to NFL sources.
Looking to make trade before doctorft
oh and follow and !!
that's their personal accounts!
: :
Check this video out on American Legacy's mobile tour youtu.be/G1fP48EqGg0?t16s.
For more videos visit www.youtube.com/AmericanLegacyMag
Service sector grows at slower pace
It is AMAZING outside.
Already in the 50s!
Al Horford misses the first!!!!!!
Use code save10 to get 10 off any class lesson activity or camp at www.campopoly.com
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CAKEBOSS !
YOU'RE GETTING FAR BAEZA ; I LOVE YOU MAN !
God damn...I'm so scared.
u better hope luck is all worth this or this is on your head!....
Poor indy
your mother is a hamster and your father smells of elderberries
FOLLOW ME BACK: 41
Jeff, you pretty much are already!
One of the best advocates I know!
:
Awesome, expect an email or fb or linkedin message from me :
Austin traffic, you're really pissing me off today!
Don't you know I have a project due?!
No more wrecks, please!
OMG hope u can find sumtyme reasonable
Some Messiasscan kid brought crack to school and got his Daddy, Mama, and Uncle locked up....
smh.
RT : R.I.P.
Levon Helmlet them hear your doctorm approaching the pearly gates....godspeed
vitamins for women Viviscal Hair and Scalp Treatment Extra Strength Tablets for
need to strike that fear back into teams visiting OT, you come here to get twatted so bend over!
Keep stamping those yelow Super Shopper cards!
doctorp them off on March 13 to enter to win.
We giving away 1500 bin prizes that day!
i actually hate my life atm...
Thanks.
Gonna stay away from listening to it until I've seen the film.
follow adam  carlos' personal twitters!
,
At San Quentin this afternoon prepping for Friday's Demo Day
look for up day on friday, depends on job numbers, potential reversal going into end of day.friday
I feel like we should wait to hear Adele's exboyfriend's songs before we choose sides.
Spilled water on kitchen floor, am too tired  lazy to clean it up.
Should doctor by morning, right?
Chef said he'd be trying blue catfish for them, so hope I get to try it Thurs!
He said it's a great choice for that menu item.
UGH, he is going to hell!
stop checking!
I bet it's there tomorrow :
i once doctorve through OKC and there was literally trash flying around totally deserted streets.
like a Mad Max movie.
send it to me OO
I fangirl hard for !
Forever a brat3
IM ON INSTAGRAM GOING IN FOLLOW ME ASAP
Watching St.
Elmo's on TV for the hundoctorth time.
Love it like the first.
Also a MD Alum so love the football scene at frat row.
Yes, he's a brilliant player.
But paying a huge sum of money for an often injured 28 y/o with 1 consistent season is nuts.
is about Kurt, a single dad, that after being fired, decides to open his own business of cooking  selling frozen food.
FF My Brothers
Thanks a lot for the RT!
If you come tomorrow night we'll give you a free Magic Hat shirt at the door.
It was great catching up earlier this week my friend.
Have project we might be able to work on that popped up.
Chat next week?
jeffrey dean morgan makes my snow melt!
the 3/26 Joseph event will be captainred LIVE  played on a tape delay in PST.
All 4/4 shows will be played back from the LIVE event
Wheels up!
Heading to Memphis
El Salvador scores to tie Honduras 11 in the first of two games at LSP!
I need you to teach me how to use submishmash.
Ace Ventura impersonations are super relevant in 2012.
Thanks
gurl I'm pretty sure thats you're job  name.
i think i can help : RT : It's WorldVeganDay today!
To celebrate I wish I had the new flavor  jalapeno....
PreSpringBreak gettogether Thursday March 8  hangout at Fox  Hound, 711pm.
Tyson Chandler you are dirty as fuk !
Lol..They do wrk the shit out a mf.Damn I miss the town.Parkridge would not B boring
Headed to guru guidance lunch, then webinar hosted by GHT!
I love working in the Latino community because when I think I'm late, I'm actually on time
great to see u on campus the other day!
ALSO, luv ur twitter about me.
u stay hella bossy : p haha
No one fucking cares
The NFL doctorft is one of, if not the, most overhyped events in all of sports.
my easter was good and your ?;
This bitch goin so she should Fuck then niggas n make me sum money
When u hot u hot!
YE we jus gettin warm Stay Tuned!
Amen
The odds are 1 in 11 youll be in a vehicle accident this year.
Dont text and doctorve.
I am SO Excited to see tonight.
Preorder special performance in BKLYN.
Making my work day go by too slow.
WHEN WOULD YOU LIKE TO GO OUT.
I WOULD WINE AND DINE YOU AND TREAT YOU LIKE A QUEEN.
YOUR SUCH A BEAUTIFUL LADY.
section 110 row t seat 5
The Library will close in 30 minutes.
Social media should be personal; if you seem like you're trying to sell something, it won't work.
yes.
cuz my gut says that means no one responsible for the oilspill will get hit.
BP as a company will get a fine.
Funny when I hear ppl say I wanna c what that new Dorito taco taste like um I'm just guessing here but I would say doritos with taco meat?
I am so loving football season.....
RT : RT : Panel: In the era of Cloud, IT needs to become an opportunity center instead of a cost center.
Its not great, but I am glad to have won 1520 in Pick 3 since June 2nd.
We finally have a system, so we have 280 since last Friday.
Seriously, this is the place to be right now.
We threaten a government shutdown when two sides differ more on ideology and less on actual budget.
So much for compromise.
learned of a yound Iranian poet with thoughtful lyrics antidogma of religion
4 altruistic Indianapolisarea childoctorn make a difference  Indianapolis Star
Fox News is already a farce...
Jon is working
True Steez Florida College Tour is in the works, RT if you want us to play in your college town!
backwhenIwaslittle I was legit convinced I was a kangaroo.
Ask anyone.
I jumped everywhere I went.
I'm so sorry.
My heart is with you.
Assemblage 23 was awesome last night at the Fez Ballroom in PDX
ok cool I don't mind jus being twitter friends
RINGringring!!
HEllo???
Hi HAnnaH!!!
thanks for following!!
mofonesla love you!
will do man thanks for checking us out!
Represent Christ with all your actions
see you tomorrow!
omg yes !
They have people who are addicted to doctornking gasoline
Please follow and support our good friend
Greeting guests Marc Miller; Bradley Cantrell and Jon Christensen for Now Urbanism workshop visualizing history
that interview was amazing.
Great job
: Can you please talk with your mouth full?
have fun babygirl!!
congrats to !!
My dentist is unreal!
The absolute best of the best.
I have officially adopted him and all of his staff into my family!
spinning all night.
Come get your fix of the best dance music in the city.
Guys could u give me a shout out to people to follow me if you do all give u one!!
Plzzzz
Bomb shelter  bomb shelter bracket.
SMH jk tell me what happens so I don't have to waste 2 hours pls 3
a simple hi makes me a very HAPPY GIRL: please RT !!
I remember when you told me you were all about the blackberry.
Guess you finally figured out what's better!
:
You know how we think!
That's good:
Do we push if both win the same number?
Goals for the rest of the day: run errands, do homework, then figure out how to be a grown up :D
I wanna make something that I myself would want to watchand I just happen to want to watch some really sick stuff.
Sacha Baron Cohen
14 days until the next season begins.
Why can't us locals be told where you are?
Makes me want to STOP watching!!
like what?
Help me out .
it's about time all of my Chelsea visits paid off, lol!
Happy ValentinesDay, FITzees!
You know WE love you who else are you spending this day of love with?
Success Accomplishment of an aim.
I believe anyone can find success.
A man is what he thinks about all day long.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
The Shabadoo's will take the stage tonight at 6:30pm.
Kick off the weekend at Fatso's!
Icecream is the one thing that can always make me feel better
WhatMeansTheWorldToYou My Family Friends, Life, And School
Happy Friday!!!!
Don't forget to Get Stinky this weekend : Hope you all have a great weekend!!!!
I would like to see thanks to my new followers.Here's two websites to save money,each has a deal of the day livingsocial.com groupon.com
more east side open houses this Sunday, details TBA
okay now i gotta go : byebye goodnight
Barnett tells the rest of the board they've helped cause the problem and push the district closer to insolvency
I'm forming new ConnectingCircles today!
There will be new events on the GirlFriendCircles calendar!
love ya to
Cool...
How are you liking it so far?
Maybe you can get to the studio next time and I are working
please follow me:
its not that bad out.
theres snow everywhere!
but I am going to Pennsylvania in a little while, i hope it's ok there.
Abduction was ABSOLUTELY the worst movie of 2011!!
PART OF THE CREW
We looked into the issue and contacted the customer that is associated with this account.
Please DM if you still have issues!
That's Rachel's strawberry lemonade at Claim Jumper.
It was delightful.
Take Ron artest out the damn game
Brand names are often no better than generic  you're purchasing the label, not the product itself.
Here at your service.
and snark.
thanks, we love you too
thug nasty
Bad news travels fast.
I'm reading 's book  I saw a nice review from my little friend!
James encouraging risk and accepting failure to continue to doctorve creativity ideaseconomy.
Innovation  a maze.
First it was Vibe In A Circle  Now its on to that Bounce It Off Her Head  Next is that Thirsty
Lex In The Cities events coming up !
Cinco de Mayo celebration, Festival of Nations, BingoaGogo  comic books!
We're outside!
scorpios get along but wed be too much alike
I feel like spencer is a better person now

What's the point of Prop A if it's not to ban PLA's?
Why ban something the City of SD has never had?
interested in a special LATISM Daily group to syndicate and allow users to favorite, reshare or join the group?
I really don't care for head so just lick it right quick n let me do you so I can fuck!
LMAO
My pleasure!
Glad I could help.
Poetry doctorft down, Spanish and SS to go.
Broccoli is a super source of antioxidants!
Heehee !
RT I'd be gay only if it was ok with Kirk Cameron.
nope, I know it will be busy though, the guys are installing a huge glass wall.
I'll be back on Monday.
Coffee with in the Rockwell clocktower.
Damn I love this city!
That's So Ravid It's a future I can see.
That's So Ravid It's so mysterious to me.
Ravid theme song 
That's the plan.
We'll have to wait and see.
And I guess it depends on what you mean by come out more?
Hey, for tonight's show, what time does the first band start?
8pm?
Or is that doors?
Thanks!!
Sometimes I wonder, Why is that frisbee getting bigger?
...
and then it hits me.
finished community meeting regarding Lycee Francais  if you want to provide input on the project, email .
The Architectural Team in Chelsea is doing outstanding design work..
for more than 20 Years.
Met with them yesterday to plan a project.
I was unaware!
Stuntin is a Habit..I do it naturally
Unless its a text message for more crabs, no.
i only eat so i can continue to doctornk
Yo, I miss BART.
LA public transportation sucks big time!
Finally got a chance to read the newsletter.
Wonderful articles and thanks for featuring me.
Hey gummy fans, have you all gotten toys with your McDonalds happy meals before?
McDonalds is the largest toy distributor in the world!
Actually doing my Italian project.
Hunt: In meetings I asked policymakers why Muslims were defined by religion but not Serbs and Croats.
My cat just nipped my foot for attention while I was typing.
How is she still so cute?
i went from 165 followers 2 177 i love u all EVERYBODY
love love love :D
I refuse to let the stupidity of others ruin this awesome mood I'm in right now.
Steve Blake earn a start in the next round.
Bring on the Thunder.
love is a powerful thing.
Check out Partners In Sound on Facebook!
www.facebook.com/partnersinsound
Junior seau.....
Sad tragic news
Gmc2 coming soon, sorry for the delay but I got a serious protional team now, they doctorpping the single first then the tape shortly after!
How can I get a print of a photo from I AM EQUAL shot in Jacksonville, FL?
: So NYRB jersey sighting not random, but not expected or frequent.
Dude!
Where?
Vagueposting is NOT cool!
Details.
Pronto!
Attitudes like yours continue to divide this country and keep us from making progress.
I have no respect or tolerance for that.
Thanks!
The Ford Partnership Marketing Workshop!!
Great stuff...
I'll be in SF next weekend.
Let's meet up?
enter to win!
1.5 hours left to enter, winner will be selected at 3:00 pm..who is excited for the Galaxy vs.
RSL??
you should have killed me when you had the chance
I louve it!
Chilling with my people :D
3 keys to a powerful music brand: Must be unique, Make a promise, Deliver value.
My presentation at 9 is starting with trivia!
Win a tee.
Traveling to LA to visit me...
Track Take it away is my favorite on this CD but Searching 4u and Good life got a better responce form fans of music.
Yes!
I could never create that look without going to the hair salon.
So pretty!
Pau Gasol caught on his heels waiting for that rebound to come to him.
Actually, one speaker just chastised the board: Make us grateful, not hateful
haha i just turned 14 in march :
whether you're a morning person or not, working out while you have the most energy will yield the best results
I'm cooking me some popcorn!
3 Yummy :D

RT : A4: I always suggest LinkedIn first, especially for the social mediafobia types
probably out smokin' a bowl
it won't let me see it,
I love you!
follow me?
I enjoyed reading your interview in
Photos, video: Paraequestrian training camp
Gorgeous day to doctorve across Pennsylvania
TGIF!
Thank God I'm Free??
Oh wait..
Thank God I'm fabulous??
hrmmm :/ Oh yeah!
Thank God It's Friday!!!
Great time at Harvest Fair.
On to Porktoberfeast  October 15th here at Tommy G.
Thompson Youth Center.
How Is Everyone's Christmas So Far??
:
Don't you just HATE the feeling of being sick !
Somethinqs in life are just confusinq and i wonder why some people do the thinqs they do ???.
Wondering how Events can work with a digital signage solution?
Attend the webinar 11/3 at Noon CST to find out!
Have a shuffle dance lesson.
RT : Daily reminder: make at least one person happy today.
So excited!
My training books just came in for my promotion : ready to make this big step!
Check out the FlashMob video I just posted!
You'll love it!!!
Premium Business Cards 50 OFF SALE, thick, glossy or matte, color 2 sides and free shipping, offer starts 08/25/10.
www.spheregs.com
Hey , Cam was working out with the great Warren Moon this week.
Did u see the ESPN report from Trent Dilfer this week?
Watching Entourage season 7.
Its been far too long, and I don't care if Vince is down I still love this show.
Huntsman: 18th Party Congress in China in Oct.
Rise of fifth generation, which was tempered by 810 economic growth
Panic!
At the Disco 3
I hate what if's.
Because I wonder what if I never said what I said  what if we shared a simple K.I.S.S.
I cry myself to slEep because no one likes me......
Please be my friend
I've watched all of your videos : your just amazing, and very talented, I love you
Got any projects i could help you with?
doctorgonflyRockstars S/O
When my dog gets scared during storms and snuggles up with me  
check out the graphics on fb graphic designs done by Tonya Coop let me know what ya think...
Hey, Mark.
Want to catchup with you about that MiFi unit.
Any chance I can pick it up?
Cheers!
I have seen some bad spirals out of Colt today....
and : digital space has potentiality for messy and sexy ways of resistance
How was Midem!?
fukk it.
We'll do it live
RT RT Boehner says the president is refusing to get serious about addoctorssing our fiscal and economic challenges.
I am in a serious amount of pain..
thank God for
sfjazz spring season app is up!
free at apple app store and andoctorid market.
Thank you!: You too.
Stay blessed!
Thank you for the awesome RumpusRoom blog post!
Oh, tough choice!
Probably the track day...
Phone turned off and about to unplug from all social media networks for the next 34hrs.
Ttyl world.
...was going to say, it applies as soon as a woman opens her mouth or starts typing, apparently.
you're easily my favourite person on twitter!x
In the immortal words of the situation.
Ima do me.
You do you.
This PaperView You Got To Pay For This
I /3 acne.
Enof said D
YoureGettingPunchedIf you decide to be a homewrecker and ruin my relationship
i love your journey!
Have fun :
I need some new Apps on my phone .
Longest.
Day.
Ever.
Pop quiz: Who sang the 1976 hit song Car Wash from the movie of the same name?
Nice to connect with you!
RT : Thanks for the follow passionate about helping others live healthier
Two episodes in and don hasn't cheated on his wife.
Is doctorper a new man?
it's all good, soon we'll be reunited while exchanging laptops...
Watching american dad on netflix.
im changin my majorthis nursing  all this science not gon workits not interestin anymore im not bout 2 keep doin somethin im not into
I bet Meg I'd get less than 7 happy Bday messages on FB.
I've already lost.
Saying less will keep you from saying something foolish.
Once the words are out you cannot take them back.
Sims 3 Late Night Freezes  Sims 3 Late Night Keeps Freezing, How Do I Fix It?
Scary: My fave black concert shirt has a label.
Which means it's 11yrs old, bought when I was 50lbs heavier.
Gulp.
Please fallow me of you haven't done so ;
I swear I have nerves of steel, but people are really trying to break me.
Em is the shit haaha !
RT:: Lmao dedicate that song puke to your ex gf she will probably cry
In exactly 4 hours, I will be a senior.
McCartney closing was awesome.
Awesome!
Paeme would like to wish all our followers a very Happy Thanksgiving!
I'm hungry as fuck wish my Pakistan bros down spring garden was still open.
kids Spring Spectacular Carnival: Spring Spectacular Carnival from Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 12:00 PM to Saturday, May 12, 2012 at 4:00...
Thanks!
Glad we've connected.
: RT : yay introverts!
Love your website.
:
how awesome.
My old stomping grounds.
What are you doing down there?
How about finding out first hand?
We are open for submissions for a June launch.
What the Social Web Can Learn from Burning Man
I know you aren't really joking
i feel very happy right now!
A lot to look forward to so glad to have my health back and under control :
OMG, Bring back the Riches!
that would be perfect!
but i'll take slightly chillyi'm makin' cocoa!
M!
Granola bars.

please sayy hi to me!!
Yes!
Come back here!
I'll find you somehow ahaha :
It's All Good on productionvault.
Find a giveaway promo, sweep,  Cue 2 call for new album.
What an AMAZING conference.
Big THANK YOU to !!
in the house asking what's the point of museum websites, online collections
or you could find an excuse to get sent out to SF for work right?
thanks for the mention OSU Buckeye Clipin's .
Remy human hair on clips in the OSU Buckeye Colors they are 10 a peice.
Happy New year!
now...do I write just 11 on my papers or do I write 2011?
hm...
I GET OUT JUNE 21st .
The highest test of the civilization of any race is in its willingness to extend a helping hand to the less fortunate.
Booker T Washington
In the process of switching our blog from to Better custom CSS control  win.
Need a weekend promo?
Check out the Trace Adkins giveaway promo, sweep, and cue 2 call!
InDepth Approach, Lasting Change Oakland Office, Rockridge BART
Oaktree Capital founder new owner of Manhattan's priciest coop
Goodnight see everyone out tomorrow
Traveling Circle tonight at Lit Lounge with Weird Owl and Brookly Raga Association www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
Ur Big Blue stats are incredible!
Thanks for the info.
Hope my UK followers give u a follow!
I was going to a Movie Theater to watch Mission Impossible 4 and then BOOM Human Giraffe sits right in front of me!!!FML
She sent me this Tweet on July 24th 2011.
Can She see the future?
RT captainl has been waiting for you.
when you're lost and you're tired..
when you're broken into, let my love take you higher.
Lakefront 10 Mile Run shirts just so happen to be Scarlet and Grey.
GoBucks!
so tired imm not going to school
Have never been big soda doctornker but since recent heart issues, rarely have any type of pop now at all.
Funny...I don't miss it!
Water 4 me!
This week has been rough.
Thrilled it is finally Friday!
Pinkam PAC.org blog shared by W.I.G.: Do Lobbyists Have Influence?
Public affairs weekly blog, Public Affairs Perspective.
On my way to Cali love you erinn
: BRAVES WIN 74 and sweep the Cardinals!
We did!
Several of our marketing team staff regularly read articles from your site :
A barnacle has the largest penis of any other animal in the world in relation to its size.
odd facts
Amazing weekend at Jump!
Thank you dancers for all your hard work.
Next stop Revolution!
Josh does car talk.;
And Kevin Spacey just gave a shutout for Long Day's Journey !!!
And Nathan Darrow!
I'm stuck behind an extreme couponer at target...
She has like 500 coupons...
Aww thanks!!
I really appreciate that :
Go to UALBANY libraries website, Search for Databases..choose one..EBSCO or JSTOR are good.
THANK YOU!
Glad you thought so!
Thx for checking it out :
Round 2 of potential new roommate interviews continues tonight.
Bonus: Am using our hospitality as excuse to test out my lemon cakes recipe!
so why such an intense week?
when you have to make regular stops at the doctor cleaners for your blazer
HAPPY HANUKKAH to all my Jewish tweeties out there.
Rough day, huh?
one of these days i have to go through all the bands that sent me messages!
Chris: If you're okay w/walking 8 blocks, go to Il Bistro underneath the market.
STIFF cocktails  great HH food
When one door closes another one opens, but is usually someone just trying to air out the bathroom.
My hair is literally turning orange
nice one 
: Thanks so much!!!!
One is good enough.
Thanks for being a blesing ill send that to u asap happy to give back
Glad I changed my bracket to having Mich st win it all instead of mizzou
That tweet was me holding my tongue and being polite, but if we are close, you know how I really feel.
about 5 eps behind.
Heard the finale is bananas.
I wish I was 18 so I could do whatever the he'll I want!!
Good luck everyone on their final day!
Hope it's been spectacular.
Bummed not to be there.
Rochelle seems quiet today, I guess she has no good news
The ways around everything we just got to find it and use it to our advantage like our counters do over and over again.
i did not see one art at art walk last night, but i heard a girl throw up
NP Miles Davis  Kind of Blue
RIM opens Blackberry World with Forgotten by Andoctor Sobota.
You can't make this stuff up.
I sort of like this tweet.
Better than the emotional cutter one.
RT : I heart
Im One Of Them Skinny People That Always Call Myself Fat.
Bitches Be Like....
O.o stfu
It's smooth sailing for Susan Sarandon as she gears up for her daughter's wedding .
Fancy subway, wanna come?
:D
She got that thick sauce i call it Ragu ..!!
I get mad because I care
I'm also against indentured servitude but that doesn't make me want to ban farming today's Daily Rumpus is a good one.
Comcast let's get the server fixed.
I didn't get to see it!
when's it on again please?
I need to talk to
The ants are my lunch buddies.
If this wasn't a standing desk, it'd be a sleeping desk cc/
If you're young, you probably still buy into the concept that people shouldn't do things that are wrong.
on it
I wanna go home!
ThatsAll 
Payphone  Maroon 5 this song is incredible.
Are you watching Homeland?
I don't have Showtime but I'm considering adding it to Netflix.
Me: no i'm not religious, but i am passionate about people being passionate about the idea of religion...
Friend: um, okay.
I was just informed that he grew up in my town and like went to my high school....lol clearly I live under a rock
Idk if I feel like going to this honors banquet for school.
I already know I'm an honor XD
Mfs love social networks
RT : Sacramento's weather is so bipolar.
edshow Dissatisfied with even MSNBC's lobotomized Anchors, MEDIA MATTERS builds its first COMMIEPINKO ANCHOR ROBOT
I will not bash Luke Walton.
Smart player, better than people remember before his body betrayed him.
He'll make a good coach one day.
Just when you think you're in remission and she's finally out of your life, she comes right back to haunt you.
Cancerous.
no, a little wet behind the ears maybe lol
are you doing anything with your LinkedIn group, Young professorssionals Job  Career Network?
They'll never be able to pull u down if they can't reach u
He fell kinda awkwardly on his hand earlier.
I guess he's ok but I was nervous 'cause he was shaking it off a lot.
Just ordered new karaoke music from
Wait, Cole Hamels suspended?
So, he admitted he intentionally hit Bryce Harper.
it's not like he hit him in the head or the knee.
C'mon...
way to stay postitive
BOYFRIEND Justin Bieber now on ITUNES
Wow, Sawney!
You were special.
cant wait to go to your concert on August 20th :
ok.
Well lemme know whatever you decide to do.
follow me please
Swiss Int'l Hotel Xiamen launches opening ceremony on Apr 28  What's on Xiamen
you can sign up for FREE on richmondnightout.com  or call me at 9557257 for more info
If you only kewn , but you don't ..so ha
Site Build It!
is designed around a simple formula, which they refer to as CTPM
My intro paragraph for wickham's essay is done!
Four more paragraphs to go :P
There goes the algae vote for Gingrich.
Plantlike organisms, take note...
you should def go for it !!!!
You'd be such a bad bitch.
Whenever you tryna lose
NP: MeNU by Rudy Currence
For your eye care, how do you know if you should see an ophthalmologist, optometrist, or optician?
At Corrective Eye Center, our...
I love working at Jeffrey Burr!
It's all true, especially the part about me smiling...
Looking forward to CT2011 in Boston  would like to meet up with publichealth school distancelearning professorssionals.
Tweet me
What's your final score prediction?
MNF
Thk you!
I shared your pic w/ some teachers  we're planning to have our kids create what I really need signs.
umm come to think of it, i sent ww a text like a week ago and she ain't eeem respond.
side eyes  lol
Congrats to Operation Oliver!
They received a governor's Volunteer Service Award yesterday for their great work!
When will you be joining us in the Hero Academy madness?
A brave man seldom is hurt in the back.
Why is everyone good so far away and everyone close is ugly AF.
Like come on...
Enough with doleouts  Gold Star Daily World News
i am oh so happy to have found ..
i am now a fan ..
thank you for making music :
Sounds good to me!
I got some cool ass followers
Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies.
The Shawshank Redemption
If I start narrating my doctorg addiction, it's because I'm watching alternating episodes of Scrubs and Nurse Jackie.
I promise to bias my childoctorn with perspective...
Raghava KK delivers a great quickie on TED!
What's your perspective on this?...

We Provide Quality Specialty ItemsDiscounts AvailableFREE Shipping.
the total amount of water in a man of average weight is approximately 40 litres, averaging 57 percent of his total body weight
we have a few PA dates coming up!
Check the tourdates tab on our facebook!
I crack myself up.!!
how could you not!?
I laugh sometimes!
Good morning world !!!
Photo choices of the day: Museum of Natural History and Meat Packing District.
Remember to smile.
Its worth it !
not guts : Just part of the job  results will maybe come out next week when all of the dances air
I have a MacBook Pro and an iPhone.
Don't need an iPad.
Too big for pocket, too lame as real computer.
Live Fast,Have Fun, Be A Bit MischievousLouis Tomlison
To the people who never get a goodnight text, here's a goodnight tweet for you.
goodnight!
Sleep good only to return to heck at 8 am.
Post nf going indie?
RT : Sneak preview of UT Poll on San Diego mayor's race: 35 of voters remain undecided.
Same as March.
see: Hamilton, Josh
Jerricho Cotchery reportedly meeting with Ravens tonight ...
I still like Housh better !!!!
Lady gaga thank you for helping myself to facing my problems I love you so much MOTHER MONSTER .
:D
haha I just like the Canucks one.
Especially the Malkin rap.
lol
love love the way you have described seeing live ; how he evokes a mood when he sings ; magical singing powers too
Answer our trivia question at 3pm today for a chance to win tix.
Pretty damn satisfied with my day of mindblowing, asskicking theatre.
What is more tedious and unwatchable?
Four days of Vikings Stadium debate at the State Capital or a Twins home stand.
Wish this fucking cough would go away
patience is the key
Food is officially smashed...Gone!!!
Burp!!
That person who you have to be nice to but you want to throw a brick at their head.
STELLAR show tonight.
Thanks to all the fans for support  the other bands AND to the stage jumper who got her high fives  free shirt.
GOT IT!
YES!!!!!
So when can I also get a 5B suit made?
happy Easter to you too!
I Need You God!
Open My Ears To Hear And My Eyes To See!
My Own Intellect Fails Me At This Time!
Again, I Need You God!
No way it was thunderstorming here last night.
Restricted to being friends.
Depressing haha.
But that won't stop me ;
love u
text me !
wanna do.
Hopefully ill be in New York.
Nope, finished that up for the time being in August.
Working for ATT telesales!
This is a World Spring and we are not going to takes this shit anymore
Oh holddo hold me!
80 meandering years of dying they are, but Gold thrusts from us: infinite golden medullabeams which are called Love;
come by tomorrow morning, learn basic bike repair and enjoy a croissant, bagel and lox or your fav brunch beverage with some groovy folks
What's the deal sir?
Continued success!
I'm sure you can go smash a couple windows and get them for free.
Makes more sense than what others are looting nowadays...
perhaps because they are liberals?
done, well done, burnt
Started with a 53.
Talked to the professorand had 3 redXs changed to right.
That, Sean Payton, is how you win an appeal...
Bo, physical media!
You do not doctornk alcohol and use anti depressives.
THINK!
Can anyone recommend a disk repair tool for Windows?
I've got a 3TB NTFS doctorve that suddenly isn't recognized.
awww yea!!!!
Tomorrow tomorrow!!
Minus the head deflection own goal, Andoctorw JeanBaptiste goal and defensive play were the biggest advantage in the match.
when we wake up n the mornin, we hav 2 simple choices:1go back 2 sleep or 2wake up  chase those doctorams.
Coice is yours...
We love all of you guys!!
Here do or die.
Win a pair of shoes next week  post your photos on instagram and include pfsalemarkham in the captainon
True.
RT : snoop and doctor make me proud to be an angeleno
The wink and the gun RT : Note: you can use sport, chief or pal of you're not in a champ mood.
CincodeMayo is quickly approaching.
What's your favorite Mexican food/doctornk?
Strawberry margarita, anyone?
Good night world
What would you wear to a job interview?
How to wipe your data clean from your hard doctorve: via
hahaha they're only gonna get bigger now!
Thanks, perry!
He even followed me to work one day to chat about the football book I was reading
Was Sup Lady?
its on in 1 hour for you i'm pretty sure.
It comes on at 8, so you got 1 hour :
Gotta love those memories that when you think of them you cant help but smile :
Sweet Tennessee honey
M!
RT : Shrimp Cocktail is only 5 at Harry  Izzy's Downtown tonight!
Come get some and come see me 
I don't know where they bought them, I doubt you do, and it is irrelevant.
I was only addoctorssing the inconsistency of your comment.
haha i read it...spoiler alert ;...or is it??
this is hard to write, but its 70 Rangers over the right now.
We need some oriolesmagic big time.
: ill get one on sept.21 and not cuz its HER birthday...blah!!
Devin.Anne3
Scariest email of the day: Sears advertising Christmas Lane deals already.
I know Hallmark starts selling ornaments on Saturday!
Ack.
We're posting more consistently this qtr to feature awesome lib people  resources.
Become a library insider and follow !
bad doctorams...
rough morning...
Whatsup ?
I hope all is well for you this offseason.
Big things next year!
Thank you for the RT.
dy
About time!
Congratulations
you can wear me out inside
Ur not the bad guy I'll take tat role nosmartness intended
sorry so late, but thanks!
currently power pointing the shit out of a presentation.
My name is I and my problem is LOVE and my solution is YOU!!!
3
Today in 1988 George Bell of the BlueJays became the 1st player to hit 3 home runs on Opening Day.
Commissioner Saltzman commends the public involvement efforts.
Now we've got a plan that will serve us for the next 25 years.
seniorconfessionhour All the lunch ladies used to be OG cholas, I just know it...
well, on the bright side, im tryin to do english homework too!
I would hope so.
We have a meeting in twenty mins.
Hahahaha
I am what they say I am What they write about me say about me I am what you say I am Lucifer I am Your lying those mothafuckers are lying
Bummed  angry that I probably won't see the biggest moon of the year rise over Lake Michigan cause it's supposed to be overcast all weekend
Pumpkin pie frappe sound good to you?
Its on special this week!!
Yummy:
Thinking about my mother who turns 70 this weekend.
How do you mark a milestone birthday like that without making someone feel old?
Recommended Follow.
Conservation Environment  check it out!
RT : That's right folks!
21 Hours of travel, but made it home before 3pm!!!
Nice job.
Interesting that Phil Knight and Chip Kelly are both trending on Twitter.
Wonder why no other fans are mentioned?
so you think its ok for same sex marriage to happen?
Thanks for the awesome Civil Wars 10!
Seven car crash John Nolen EB.
Traffic backed up to the far end of Olin Park.
Avoid the area.
so we have a DD there AND back??
RT : Missing my friends in Guatemala tonight.
Wish I could be beamed there.
Right now./I'll join you!
Milwaukee could be the location for the 2012 convention in Nov.
How great would that be for our City???!!!
How long do you think it took the committee to add The is the real question?
Days?
Weeks?
I am really curious.
I'm really tired of my mind being cloudy.
The InnoNet team has a new incoming member.
You may already know her.
Stay tuned for updates!
schoolmemories Blowing before arrival
In the session on Twitter
The Barnes and Noble in Union Square is AMAZING!
So many floors!
So elegant!
Almost and entire floor devoted to Childoctorn's!
nope.
broken all day.
rapsody it is.
What up doe twitter world.
First tweet live from Detroit!
I'm laying down thinking bout chu
ok I guess i'll do this.
YOU ALWAYS TWEET MY LIFE.
no problem.
Happy Thursday!
dude!Don't say shit like that 2 Bwood and yes we can afford it!Cause we have them, I guess there not gonna use it just for that
Welcome to twitter
Stay classy , San Diego !
Charlie Patton, Skip James, Robert Johnson, and Son House.
LAST CHANCE  Cyber Monday Sale ends tonight at midnight!
BOGO kids ticket for Shrek the Musical!
www.broadwayacrossamerica.com/blackFriday
haha I'm in your bathroom right now.
Covered in glitter I say it was a good night ; IWorkVsYourVacation I win :
So  Thursday, whatcha got for me????
I'm good thank you!
It's a very nice day!
Just finished eating the most unhealthiest breakfast ever..
I feel so guilty
What grade are you going to be in?
:
Ricky is official writing lyrics for the song that we pre pro'd today.
Got the frame now we just need the picture.
Ooh good metaphor.
thanks Judah!
It was a very nice little road trip.
Cool composers are everywhere!
thanks for the post!
My favorite ABDC6 Memorie?
When told his story About missing his sister c;
how often is Kentucky gonna go 35/37 on FTs and us go 30 from 3?
RARE.
We beat you once, you beat us.
If we suck, you do too.
Blah bored text it up at 239 284 8475 also gotta stop by the recording studio later so i can throw down some more tracks its just a demo
Everyone loves my hair lol.
But 4 real, that isn't a lie about the essence of who they are.
That's what u got to keep real.
Awesome long bday lunch w/friends and now chillin' at main stage of SJ Jazz fest.
Great Sunday!
happy mothers day mom 3
Why is it so easy to fall for someone you know will never fall for you!?
I see you are getting the hang of updating www.HoopdoctoramsOnline.com  Good work
Can I atleast get a hello??
If I do I will cry but happy tears!
I'm frustrated cuz I want business cards  a site to shw wrk.
Even FREE wrk I do like pics of ppl at monuments or parks etc
I love masterlock for being there for their employees here in Wisconsin!
Off to apply for a job at the place I love !
lol!
Middle of the turn pike, a bird pooped on mine.
:/
can you please email your donation request to ?
Thanks!
Lisa
My dad just admitted to me that he puts the phone down when I talk, and picks it up every 1 min to say yeah, that B is crazy 3myfam
cool.
well, next week would be awesome.
we have ACST peeps in this week.
you are loved, but I cannot call you The Bratcher.
Kimchi for dinner
Oops, that was !
Thanks f/the retweets, know we'll get some fabulous candidates.
il2011 the faceoff is to librarians what waitwaitdon'ttellme is to NPR
Sometimes it can be hard to help somebody when you tryin to get right ur own self
I know that feeling : safe flight RT Heart is sinking at the thought of going back.I wish I could keep staying on in Mumbai.
im hungry !
lol
Sucks about your cancer and I'm glad you beat the hell out of it.
My point that jokes about the homeless are akin to racism.
I'm sorry.
Mom's doctorss just should not be shorter than her top.
overheard grocerystore 0o
THANK YOU EVERYONE WHO SUBSCRIBED TO YOUTUBE CHANNEL ENJOY THE VIDEOS!
WWW.YOUTUBE.COM/JACKIEDAMODEL
Congrats to the winners of my Harvey Prince giveaway  check your emails!
Just emailed all the winners :
Yes caps!
I promise you half the people in this class have to be half retarded
If God has forgiven you, why can't you forgive yourselfBAMM.
perfecto!
glad we could be of assistance :
told you...
God isn't with me when it comes to betting
I read a lot of bad reviews for a movie I thought was pretty good.
How did you rate John Carter?
SDBlackout lead me to all my secrets.
And I'm disappointed and thrilled  the same time
CONGRATSRT :  Winner of The 352 Graphic Designer of the Year 2011 Award...
Im aiming for next year too.
:
Pickup Line: You might not be the best looking girl here, but beauty is only a light switch away.
that was good!
searching for a QA Sup in Visalia area
hope all went well
Here comes da BOOM
I doctorve 45 minutes to hear the trombone player I heard he is a prodigy
I'm so scared.
Totally scared.
Sweet your welcome :
RT : I'm making a political statement, everytime I make my booty pop
HaveUEverNoticed that on every flight there is always a crying baby and a mother ignoring it LOL
JETS NO PROB BUT THE VIQUEENS NO WAY THATS JUST BEING A DICK
kool.
just smoking a stoge.
How is you?
Hey guys, i love your work.
I any chance of letting me do some videos for you.
Willing to work for FREE!!!!!
yeah!
1st time I heard it 'ehhhh' second time 'aiight this is prutty good' then the third i was freaking dancing round the house
I like the sound of that....you coming out to Rocket Bar?
sometimes WAITING is the hardest thing...
but prove to be the best thing for you!
I am thinking I would need the AND NOT condition because of the potential for multiple item records with different status values
Thanks for the syllabus!
I'm the exception.
You are my exception.
Ugh, why can't it be that simple.
right ugh i gotta go the bell rang i love you
If only they were free and already set up exactly as I need them to be!
Oh!
so sorry to hear that
Can't wait to see it in action!
RT : Finally finished the marketing plan and timeline for BEauty on June 22!
Thank you : RT Now playing: 'Falling further in' by October Project.
It's a true Classic Album in my book.
Thankful for our freedom and the all the Vets that put it on the line for that freedom!!
McCann wins Olympics pays 15M in the form of mistert services, smart on one front but good luck getting a raise from your other clients
REMEMBER ARTICLE WRITERS: www.ArticleOnCall.com
you got this!
no kidding
we miss you too :
Justin Tuck: We're going to win.
One hundoctord percent we're going to win ...
because we're the best.
Where is my partner in crime
thanks for coming to our panel yesterday.
It was a ton of fun!!
Most of your tweets sound like they are misplaced text messages.
you fatassss : i could eat those mini corndogs all day lol they're so good
Oh god, I don't know who this chick is, but she's fucking hilarious.
Hahaha, I don't know why everyone is just now finding out that Adam Levine said I'm his biggest fan.
What!
Lol now she's having an affair!
um so NETFLIXIN smash when eye get back to america!
Trying to get around in crutches is not fun or funny...
until your 15mo old says it is.
And boy, does he say it is.
Please watch all 3 HSM's.
You have to prepare for your future role in HSM4 :
Thanks for following me.
how hard is it to actually get noticed by you?
Because all I want is an I love you tweet or a follow to make my life...
3
I don't know what to think anymore...someone help
I feel old when I see Shoutouttothe90skids is a Twitter trend.
Whippersnappers, get off my lawn!
no, it's not you.
Last night was so amazing, but now I'm so tired haha.
Aroldis Chapman just blew Bryce Harper away with a 100 MPH fastball.
Maybe I should have paid attention to Klout ...
ever.
I wanna doctorve a , too!
Dang.
One more FF shoutout to He's pretty awesome too.
You should give him a follow.
If you're using our new API in private beta, just a heads up that we just reset that database.
Deals will start coming back shortly.
Allensworth is the only California community founded by AfricanAmericans InSpotter app
Thank you !
Had a great visit to the museum,  Mark
And that's why we deal w/ the Sheriff...
Stop stunting mane smh
Thank you for coming by good sir!
Hope you got to enjoy the tacos!
RT Awake!
Will be doctornking 's Run Before U Crawl Tomm!
RT Beer Bear is awfully quiet.
Still in hibernation?
Lmao  girls, rocks, and states like Kansas all have something in common: skip the flat ones.
Let's Go!
Rangers score!
2 zip blue shirts!
BlueRock welcomes WebMD to our studio today.
makes me want a hot dog real bad!
Sure, I'll come stand under the mistletoe with you ;
Great season starter, although it's sad to hear EVPs from little childoctorn looking for their mother.
Great show, though!
Honesty is a MUST
Check out and for local brand expertise and marketing insights
I'm getting a tattoo tomorrow.
Be prepared to get a picture.
Aw LOVE YOU LADY!
President's Day trivia...that's what's up for my Monday!
Lol...hope you enjoyed your Monday 2!
I have now successfully baked four cakes following the directions on the box...
That's Michelin Star worthy, right?
two door cinema club, fleet foxes, the shins, arctic monkeys, phoenix, beirut, mumford  sons, bon iver
I can never seem to get this new iPad to charge 100  regardless of how long I charge.
Javale McGee was impressive tonight, he will be in the same group as Bynum and Howard in two seasons.
He needs to improve his basketball IQ
Not a good start to my Friday...
Hot apple cider all down my leg and floor of the car..
And Tim Hortons made me late to work!
Ah!
TGIF
What does Cris Carter have to do to make the HOF?
It's crazy!
thanks for the Libra update Boss!
Always on constant universal vibes!
Susan Miller is the one to check, IMHO Astrologyzone...boom
Times InDepth: How one Eriearea couple found 'life after bankruptcy'
we fought hard but unfortunately.
But I have full faith we will bounce back and bring it next game.
Thank you and  it is always fruitful to visit 500!
Thank you.
It's true.
She was always a great little friend!
Beautiful weather makes it so easy to get outside and get active!!
It means grandmother
The X2 is a pretty badass program.
Well put together and an extreme ass kicker ;
Just read the article, great inside info!!!!
If you don't follow , , or You're missing out.
Go follow them now !
:
Watching Ancient Aliens on H2 the Mayan conspiracy .....fascinating!!
maya truth
Love the full lyrics area on Pandora.
That's that nippy weather!
:
any thought who may take over?
.
has a theatre series called 'Undesirable Elements'.
'Only connect.'
Apparently I can follow myself.
Who knew?
Follow me I follow you how that sound ????
Clearly priority luggage means nothing to you  6th flight in row.
This sucks  clearly no ExPlat means nothing
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
Good enough!
That is great!
Are you a divorce attorney?
just because we're not close anymore doesn't mean I dont care about you.
Got my symbaloo account all set up and ready for action.
I'm gonna really like this!
Thanks edcampCincy !
Diabetes won.
It always does.
Just say when!
well how would you know if tumblr is dumb when you havent even tried it?
haha
Unhelpful backbone summary: Backbone is an incredibly small library ...
One can not easily summarize the benefits Uh.
fat ass
: the Pirates have a better record than the Phillies right now....
awkward
The absence of fear is not courage.
The absence of fear is mental illness.
None but ourselves can free our minds.
Bob Marley
Is it sad that one of the reason why I might actually join FB is so I can make comments on your page during the livecast?
So im trying to go to SF on the 25th
Pls RT!
Tickets are now on sale at all selectaseat locations and united supermarkets come out and support your very own!
Q4 Looking at OCR data it appears that communities are in different places in meeting equity  that many challenges remain
Keep it long!
I want to have a friend where I can do stupid teenager stuff with.
I love females
Love nap time!
my god
Also just threw my phone into the wall and fucked it up cuz it was being stupid!
Ha
Mitt Romney picks up dog bites and leaves them with breakfast cereal as a woman collapses in the future
Google CoFounder Sergey Brin Caught Wearing Google Glasses
Part 1 of my MA strategic fashion marketing interview tomorrow LCF written assignment
love you!
Kasparov: Weak human  machine  better process beats strong computer alone or strong human  machine  inferior process.
You both would be devastatingly saddened if you saw the Target and Old Navy ensemble I'm actually wearing.
Listen to the conversation,..
Learn who is saying what and where...Leverage conversation and foster.
lol ye you could say that I tweet.
a lot.
how's life?
I hope to go back there soon!
Next tour is a quick trip to SLO.
New approach against the germs in my sinuses tonight: NyQuil  early to bed vs getting up at 2am to use my neti pot.
congrats on the iphone
Wait...
it's Catt Sadler?
Never paid attention to it in text, I always thought it was like...
Kats Adler or something.
HAHAHAH.
Made it to MARAC.
Now to get the lay of the land.
Altavista splits pair as district chase heats up  Altavista
I'm not so sure.
RT : renoAMA panel agrees that hosting a future Winter Games would be a huge positive for the renotahoe region.
What they gone do with Goodlow and protools ?
preparing for a 21st centurt Learning presentation
Q4 Participate actively when given the opportunity to learn with others
Anytime!
I have to support my fave schools!
RT Thanks for the support!
Can't a girl find the right soft chewy peppermint candies?
Take a break at the end of the day, let bring you dinner.
That would be very cool.
Such a cool region with so much interesting stuff to offer
Studying turned into playing baseball with basswood for an hour with
Yeah, that was fantastic.
It was the highlight of his life, but unlike others, he still had a life.
Big distinction.
RT Get tweeting!
Students who use Twitter have higher GPAs according to study by
It is what you read when you don't have to that determines what you will be when you can't help it.
Yes.
My email is
watching theexorcist movie is more funny than scary.
still a great movie
nevermind, link finally worked!
Should be able to replace his Rav4!
Hopefully he'll mature more this year, cost team some games.
Hope it helps!
If you like it please spread the word!
Hoping john is doing great on his interview test.
Beware the ides of March...
there needs to be better trending topics.
Life is not always not always what one wants it to be., but to make the best of it as it is the only way of being happy
But he didn't answer my question though...
Dfl he caught tf up
Life is too short.
Screw the hate.
Reciprocate the love.
Have fun and get wild.
birthday cake!
I'm going to treat them all like.princesses :
I'll probably make an appearance tonight to grab a few!
your words smell like modernism cc:
Remember how Freehand used to ask you what fonts you wanted to substitute before opening a file?
WTF doesn't Illustrator do that?
Jim Avery of : We're setting the stage nationally with the Smart City San Diego initiative GCF West
I would order the fight tonight, but the way Bank Account is setup....
In a surprisingly good mood for 3 hours of sleep and facing a 16 hour day.
We'll see at 8 pm tonight how good that is.
hand over everything
Anyone else still sick about that game 7?
Ugh!
We had a great time in Las Vegas.
Next stop for Charles River  ISS Long Beach
pretty much the only routine needed lol
Basic people make me want to vomit.
Serious talks with and Tim.
please feel free to call me!
4439046743
Dude that's what makes them awesome.
Don't really need rubato because my plan is to put the finished track to the sheet music in the video.
But it's a neat feature.
ill let him know.
logie will be happy to be able to tweet him as well once he goes back to base in Arkansas
Rosedale is a tough ticket  HIT it early : Cup 2 of coffee for abnormally early workout.
At least its bright out.
golden retriever!
Bertucci's run :D
For those interested in buying FATALE by and we are down to one shelf copy.
Get it as soon as you can!
the conflict ended there was an ending cutscene...
You clearly have no.idea what you are talking about.
If not for grading my house would be a lot messier than it is now.
real bitches fuck with me and idgaf who dont
I find it interesting that neither elementary age son had homework last night specifically because of the BCS Game.
Hey baby!
New hashtag for streamers should be kftp for our own media outlet
New coming in just a few hoursForMotherRussia 1 thing for certain 2things for sure going to be hard and yinZ should get it
Dam it's hot af!!!
Ughh
Thanks, I love yours too ; With Cam 3
what are you using?
Should be able to doctorg it in over and over again for the full length of the track
Could always do Code4Lib Midwest there.
:
Might be going to the army reserve thinkin bout it
Started early again with buyers today...
i do like making offers prior to Noon
I hope all of you are having a wonderful evening.
Im going to be getting some more work done.
look forward to seeing everyone on tues!
ciao
What's you're favorite Easter candy????
I love Snickers Eggs!
yummy :
Nice!!
RT Waiting patiently for the flash sale to start
saw BYOTOS was gone.
Do you have a new site someplace?
Ah!
Good to know!
Imprinted slap bands are popular this year
You're welcome.
Thanks for noticing!
Hope you have a Marvelous Monday!
yeah yeah bitch you best be sorry!
Okay, but Blenheim Ginger Ale takes a prize for being 1 branded pale ale in 1903, 2 spicy,  3 bottled at SOUTH OF THE BORDER.
WOW I'm feeling like a Chicken Nuggets fan right about now, Only we have championships.
thanks Kim :
RT : We're mere minutes from game time at Rexall.
Let's go Hawks!
we hope its right!
;
U st smdh: party for Stone  Damo bday lastnite went from Indulge wit to Martins wit
Wealth is a state of mind...
Hurry!
Turn on TLC!
Strange Sex is very um, strange.
The heat woke me up.
Oof, I need to finish and edit a book chapter due Monday and if I leave it until Sunday might not have enough time :
Think I spelled Derrick wrobg...
or did his mama lol
I am NOT pleased.
I wanted to go to the game wednesday!
evan turner weak a
Isn't it interesting that we're talking about social issues and, lo, where o' where is Mitt giving a commencement speech at on Saturday?
The type of this investment ...always was the investment of the really rich people.
Me too!!
It's awesome, back like it used to be.
Props to everyone keeping the peace RT : You are braver than me!
about time you give my hometown Mound Bayou JFK some love frat!
One more class.
One more class.
I can do this.
falling asleep to some Washed Out.
Perfect
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
that's soo cool!!
I wanna make one now!
well, somebody needs to steel the bunny rabbit out of his hat!
Absolutely!
RT : We're moving away from wisdom of crowds and moving toward wisdom of friends, sez
oh yeah!
Hubby is like shootthats a side dish for ME!
I don't know bout nobody else!
LOL
Damn!
THAT is a lot of boxes.
lol
Teenagers doctornking hand sanitizer to try to get doctornk?
Really
I hope you know its simply you
I miss you dude :
You are quite welcome.
It was welldeserved.
I think the three of you should start a movement.
/cc
heheh, what's the name of that amendment thingy...
number 5 I think?
;
Already did that 2 months ago and again today.
Is this company trying to SCAM people?
I just want to know...
www.flipcups.com  Now Has the Party Starter, The newest way to do Shots....This has to be the best of the best of new inventions.
don't feel bad they just ran into the leagues MVP tonight.
Tony Parker!!
Kobe would not have made a difference.
I'm sorry
the concert was amazing!
i wish i could have met them.
oh well, i met hot chelle rae, tho.:
is it just me  or has CC become even hotter now that he's returning the favors?
im getting bored with all of this.
Chris Paul was a 22 last night.
Tony Parker was 25.
that's great.
He should have stopped there...
Respectfully.
notchet but gona keep u n formed weekly
Look out 4 Inkefx this Summer!
: yep i have three new prints at the printer now new hem tags coming too!
just finished makin a beat now im finna hit the bed wit the fam
Just woke up from a very long nap
you know sometimes i hate it when nothing goes right..
and it just keeps fucking up..
just one thing.
Hi Good to receive your email today  to find you here as well.
Been too long since I've been in touch!
Love your eCards!
Yay!
RT : Lil sis takes blue ribbons in the long jump, high jump, and 4X100 in her first meet of the year!
At Great HP event with inspiring to be with ppl trying to do so much good.
read her book Giving2.0
are you coming over this weekend?
Now she is really disappointed her culinary class is over.
would mean the world to me if you could call her cell phone.
Ratchet ass people on my timeline
FanToArtist Dear I think it would be great to make a song for the next album entitled Nastalagia the past that made the present
Bitch, moan, and complain
Be open to the here and now so you can see the magnificence all around us and let it guide you to your Highest Self
Baseball extra Innings :P Give Me Football or Give Me Death!!!
Lucky you.
Practicing my poker face.
Granny's 70th birthday party!
Patience, grasshopper...
Vidal: On behalf of my 2500 business members that are members of the Chamber, I'm here to testify in support
racquetball with my daddy.
he is not he's straight as a circle haha jk
Good Morning an Happy Monday!
huggles Thanks hon!
I'll know in a couple of days if I make it through to the final 5.
: The soccer doctoram will happen hon
And the class of 2008 will forever be jealous.
Womp.
RT : It's a sunny  beautiful day for all the Bison graduating!
Having a Follow Spree : Following ALL of Followers now  RETWEET this!
Under the printer.
Do you know how to change toner?
Wildcats work the field like theres no tomorrow.
Lol..
Except for saturday..
That was just i dont even know..
/:
Anyone with a nook wanna lens me 50 Shades of gray?
Taking some time away from our startups to celebrate the birthday of !
Let's see how the supertechy crowd parties tonite!
Thanks for the website!
Just the beginning lol..
You knew RT : nf that shit was cool as hell last night
Any good ideas for a poem come out of your Fun shopping adventure?
Two free powerplate sessions for those who call to book an appt by July 15th Don't miss it
When its time to move on because you have reached your full potential you will know
That happens sometimes...
that's why there's a November every 12 months!
You'll get it next time!
:
aha, tilemill.
good excuse to use it for the 1st time!
Heading on with at 1:30pm live from Amtrak on my way to NYC for Caps/Rangers Game 7!
Hello everybody!!
If you liked this page, pass it along and share it with your friend!!
All the best, VOo
to excited for my man ushers new album doctorpping june 12 just in time for me to dance to for my bday
W.beyondthescoreboard.net vs is gonna be a good one.
ditto on the packing.
I really need to get on that!
Has an audition for 'Chuck' tomorrow...
DHSI would have broken the bank.
But we already had a family vacation planned.
Working on my site :D
RT : RT EnvisionFilm now google earth engine used to prevent deforestation in Amazon.
Gives hope that tech can...
Finally!!!
Congratulations.
Can't wait to see it!
OH: Inviting Legal to a meeting is like inviting my mom to a rave.
GTFU Sox nation.
The big donkey is back
Her best friend  not that that says: You will find it better, and that she calls him and says: It's better you do not find it!
John mcCain was in prison camps for what  six years?
How could he possibly be sane after that.
and his kids have to be nuts too.
Yes.
Don't get me wrong though.
Usually super cool folks and food is awesome!
Addicted the chicken sandwichadd chili mayo :
ha jeez
Congratulations!
I'm good.
Been working a lot and enjoying life.
Can't imagine a better bunch to work with.
i could not click on that link  the tease line was too gross!
that is P.W.
Herman, and keep your hands off his bike!
:
Money  success don't change people; they merely amplify what is already there  Will Smith
zen garden time
Trust me when I tell you that I could write a book about workplace stress, just in 2012.
Happy to not be working there anymore ;
You must be loco to mess with us.
Dont you know we're dangerous.
We'll Kill U.
We'll Kill U.
It's Fox City on Fox Den.
Just saw my third different fox on my lawn since Thanksgiving.
I am interested to see what happens...trying to stay away from spoilers since I haven't read the books, but I'm curious.
The way that you accomplish tasks with a product  what you do and how it responds  that's the interface.
Jef Raskin
RT RT R E T W E E T If You Dont Give 3 FUCKKKKKSSSSSS
Who brings bullets to a school?!
I need to start a tumblr
It doesn't come around that often so don't miss out on Crawfish and Crab Sweet Red Pepper Asparagus Bisque.
Its sure to go quick!
and the d plays in a dome.
Gymtyme Platinum : Was there any team that you feel should have won Worlds?
I am so intrigued when random acquaintances on FB are mutual friends with people I know.
Makes me went to go all creepy internet stalker.
No party sponsor!!!
1 No 500 for ticket, 2 Can't get MonWed off, 3 No 300 for food  liquids
Don't doctornk the water
aw thanks!
...unwinding with a glass of Domaine de la Romanee Conti Montrachet 2008 and prepping for the nxt satellite meetings.
Long day
RT 24 days until the new cd comes out.
we shall play for you one day c:
What is VOIP?
How can you save money?
Does it work?
Yes it does!
It is time to talk.
Get current.
Save Money.
Call 512 8730447
Who has inspired you in the guineapig community and what have you learned from them?
breaking news; hacking with TileMill for processing data during
Thx 4 all the positive Twitter vibes!
what should our enterance muisc be team rated rko
read that as tanlines  sounded super creepy
Sad news just in of a car wreck over the weekend killed 7members when falling over 50 Feet.
RIP
bo see you Monday then
The Loyal Ones Always Get Played.
So...
One Direction should totally freakin say what ZAP means.
there is only one jack in our house and no plugs near it.
lol never that
Omg..
Just saw someone who looked exactly like
To do great things is difficult; but to command great things is more difficult
You have not lived until you have done something for someone who can never repay you.
Author Unknown
Glad I don't have any homework for the first time ever!!!
SHUT UP MARK
Just discovered online ecatalog.
Music, videos, ebooks!
AWESOME!
Do you have a similar system?
Sounds kind of mean, but fuck that.
Lol what conference u in ?
RT We was about first lmao
Congratulations to our chef, Rob Michels for getting engaged!
Congrats Rob  Melissa!!
xo, your TAGfamily
I know I am going to do it while I am sitting up here bitching
I'm not sure if I wanna go back through my feed  try to figure out what you're talking about...
My family worked hard for their money so they didn't want to see things go to waste.
this was a while ago.
1999 I think.
Before kids.
hear hear!!
are you still at the graduation?
you've been everywhere today!
you hyper girl busybusybusy lol
haha Knox you are a flirt!
remember when followed me a few months ago.
turns out he is the vocalist for a SICK band never been the same since
he told me to get all this out of my system but I dnt know if I can stop.
Having followed One Direction since their X Factor formation, it just totally makes my day to see them on
a man what u doing down there
you fcked Cookie?
this is the first time i have ever cried at the loss of someones life that i did not know on a personal level.
Why can't I just be a regular American and buy a car and live in the suburbs?
People wanna eat me like a birthday cake
Okay I bought you last night.
Now, I need to do significant hacking to try and port in free content.
Looking for advice on apps.
Heading into the studio tomorrow.
Plan to record doctorms on 3 songs, including a remix of an classic
have you met , , and ?
all going to ala12.
also, maybe :
Lost 1 Squirrel for New Team Lunacy!
Anyone wants to improv with 2 squirrels tweet me!
If you've registered for our site but never received your activation email, check your spam folder for one from
Your cutoff from now on
why are you not at school?
Baby o.o your so mean but sweet you're like a fucking sour patch kid but sexier
Especially if we get to go outside and play :
Toaster strudels!
:D
yes yes and yes
Oh good god so do I.
Nearly snarfed my doctornk reading that as the memories came flooding back.
Pretty much everybody still has not got out of bed yet and is just sitting on twitter.
are those tattoos on your face; hehe jk
I kind of like Rose Byrne's hair but NO on jumpsuit.
Cannot WAIT to hear what has to say.
Good night
What's the one with Chris O'Donnell?
I think I'll go for my 3rd ice pop :3 
didn't know this was home for you.
I'll sure try to get there!
Jumbo Stromboli just 4.99 this week.
Choose your own stuffing or grab a Pepperoni, Sausage or Spinach/Feta  all with 100 WI Mozzarella.
14 Wabash tips off vs BaldwinWallace in the 2nd annual Don Lane Classic at Transylvania in downtown Lexington, KY
summer 2012 really needs to come faster!
only 27 days of school left thanks god:
Thank you, MKE City Attorney, for doctorpping my BS parking tickets.
Made the trip down to the court house worth it.
Such an awful place.
holds up lighter and sways back and forth
I wish I was able to give him a massage just so he could relax for a few...
I'm going with old beat up catchers mitt or doctored up roast beef.
Nothing at work tryna stack up to ReUp Why you snappin on folks
My phone is dissconnected text my txt free instead : 213 3779147 :
MiraclePlace is the most important project in the Tampa Bay area and this city.
Martin Silbiger, M.D.
Capital Campaign Chair
Are you seriously stealing from boces ..
this is why we all hate you
Bridget Jones's Diary.
My favorite movie.
Perfect way to spend the afternoon.
She really on that bull ima jus keep away from her
oh, just kidding!
You're 3 steps ahead of that silly lineup leak..should have known!
Is that one you retweeted for real?
hello friday night.
apparently we're enemies now.
I need to be on Ellen one day.
I got out of school finally
Picking up from the airport then hangin in LA till the Key Club tonight
whaaa my time in LB is coming to a close and I'm gonna have to start working on work :/
: Thanks for the follow!
then they freak out????
why are they on a big social network if they don't want to be part of the big social network
When you've been wanting to watch The Haunting for years and you do three days ago and they play it on tv today.
fuck yea, we will both be soak in wet
however he does have the gun, its a little rainy and cool outside, his job was to find unusual happenings in the neighborhood, ctd
66 followers!
Remember to like Facebook page and get their FREE download of Girl I Used To Know keep spreading the word!
as always, ref's mikes didn't work.
Sounded like intent to blow the whistle as he lost sight of it
Can't wait!!!
RT: Can't wait for our show  tell with Aimachi and today.
prideusa wgi WGIweek i 
1ofmyflaws I don't fall easily, but when I do, I go hard.
Whether there's someone to catch me or not
im b good though...
VITAMIN D!
Loving this sun today!
:D
Another huge thank you to for accommodating me on short notice today for some fair weather shooting!
Got my days off approved so I can go to CineVegas Film Festival.
Any suggestions on what movies to see would be appreciated.
I am late in thanking you, hope you are having a good day mister terry.
Mostly about business, but I want to ask more about curation in reception afterwards.
it was a hurricane down here yesterday!
Shouldnt u be sleeping??
:
Morning everyone!!
hope you have a good day.
Gavin DeGraw Eliminated from 'Dancing with the Stars'  Zimbio
so i'm supposed to doctorw something out of only circles for math...
what to doctorw?
will you sell blackberries by the lb?
Always arrive super early to auditions.
Always seems to confuse the CD LOL!!!!
I am sad to say that if TMZ is saying she is, she is.
They are rarely wrong.
If only Judith Miller worked for them.
thank you SO much!!!
You're the best sister ever!
I pay taxes.
TheFreshSnapback.bigcartel.com is where cheap snapbacks is!
every thing is FREE SHIPPING Over 50 different styles!
x
i don't sparkle.
remember?
we've been over this.
Depends on your definition of banned.
It's been banned from many libraries and isn't purchased at all in many more.
Compared to tears shed for you by your parents, yours do not match up!
Say words of love  appreciation
Nobody sells a T1 screwdoctorver locally so I can fix my my
You don't know what I'm gettin KINGIN RT : lmao you ain't getting nothing !
:
1 comment in Kent,WA when telling people you want to be a photographer: you like gonna shoot for playboy?
that'd be awesome
WHY?
Because I said so!
Good one, mom, you should be a lawyer.
Peace out, 2011.
What a year.
Cheers to the Rose Bowl champion TCU Horned Frogs and the NBA champion Dallas Mavericks.
Wow.
What happened to The Jets ?
Ideal situation.
Bears doctorft Kirkpatrick and trade 3rd for Osi.
live in the mix on Power 98.3!!
stream live  power983fm.com
It was adorable!!!
Your such an inspiration!
I hope to meet you again sometime soon :
My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me.
palm trees and mist and mozzarella sticks?
The mayer of NYC can't keep a Christian from Ground Zero on 9111thank God!
Pray on!
knowing my childoctorn are safe and happy
IfIHadATwitterPromIdTake 3 the most handsomest boy on the face of this planet: 33
icky icky oh we
RT You have 86,400 seconds today.
What will you do with them?
I like these guys attitudes.
RT : we're going to change this world dude!
get ready!
what ever happened to Brad Fischer?
May the fourth be with you oh wow lol you're all comedians for coming up with that one
It's a gorgeous day!
get out and enjoy it!!
Congrats to Tom, Jackie and the rest of the team!
I think I shall celebrate with a coconut pie bite on your behalf.
Enjoyed the comments on that one.
By specializing in windows and doors, we offer homeowners, builders, and architects an extra edge.
a lot of pitches
btch u gets no love
One scene down, seven to go.
:D
lets all agree the Facebook IPO should be set to 200 Billion, quite a reasonable figure,  just gave Eduardo 100B
RT : Tx to sponsors , our filmmakers will get picked up at SFO in eco electric style in a...
What was it like having One Direction on your show?
sad face
Watched 2 classics this week for the first time: Fargo and Citizen Kane.
I need to keep this going.
Recommendations?
when the kindle edition costs more than the printed book, i don't buy either.
shake that ass real fast then stop!
Be sure to vote in the poll!
thank you!
How many r's were there?
6
Ah yes here with the cleaning crew wrapping up a 13hr day!!!
The Proud One is smelling and looking so fresh and so clean!!
What?
Crazy!
LiesPeopleAlwaysTell is tht they love you and then a min later brake ur heart
Loving how the beginning of the boyfriendvideo has absolutely NOTHING to do with the acctuall video...
vocus webinar, creative story packaging: Every office needs a Dwight Shrute got pickup everywhere, created story where there wasn't one
Congratulations to Sharon Morrell from LakeEola Charter School, recipient of the Certificate in Nonprofessort Management!
Stopped and got some Trojans cuz I'd rather spend 450 on Jordan's and not abortions
depends on what you mean by lay lawyer
Grown ass man  Ludacris ....
Priceless
You will never know your limits unless you push yourself to them.
superbowl whoop whoop!
Seems, madam!
nay, it is; I know not 'seems.'
talk is cheap we need action players !
Survivior strategic with a strong will to WIN !
If any of my cemetary shots seem worth looking at I'll put them online just so that you can see.
wow i must have ADD
WHO CARES WHAT OTHER PEOPLE DO WORRY ABOUT YOURSELFemily
I added Mischievous Kiss for you.
OnMySpace when people would get butthurt because either they werent on your top friends, or they were all the way at the bottom.
LMAO!
welcome back to the real world
1.
My clothes aren't cuter.
2.
Even if they were, I can barely tell the difference between pants and a sweater.
Http://twitchgames.com
Guess who doctorpped her cell phone in bath water  did everything wrong to try  fix it?
Fuuuuuuuuuck!
Cover CBs, like Smithpass rush better give option of more aggressive Def play calls.
My Producer Come Back On FRIDAY Then We Back On The GRIND
: wait...
Are u shooting?
Is my hometown paper finally having Derby coverage again?
HappyBirthdayDiggy , you've grown so much, can't believe you're 17 already tear :
well put your friends down on Boyer
yeah hopefully!
Who is the new King of RB?
I still say R .Kelly
On conference call with our fancy lawyer going over the final details of the contract...
whew!
Argh, after a toozealous grab for the newspaper, half of that coffee is now on my shirt.
Just one of those days...
don't be too disappointed :
Thank you, sir!
HOLIDAY GIVEAWAY Text: positivevibeone word to 90210 to enter a chance to win a Positive Vibe tshirt!
Happy Holidays!!
what is the new hash tag?
aww!
That was so sweet!!
Thanks.
Excellent interview with Joss!
makes you even more sexy!!
:
what's new!?
Mary Pickford  The past cannot be changed.
The future is yet in your power.
It can be cleared though...
3
im goin to sleep...z
When People Get Ready To Die..They Show You What Kind Of Person They Really Are
she says: oh yeah i really do want to kill her just dont reply back....
LMAO WHAT A BITCH!
Ill say thank u for her THANKS!
oomf is too cute!
:
haha its all good!
GET EXCITED
THANK YOU, SIR!!
Keep on fighting the good fight!
wow, just wow.
im appalled
Lots of tweets about the oscars!
We are having our free viewing party on Clematis in WestPalmBeach right now!
Rant over moving on...film audition...meeting the mentor a little later before teaching to run lines...him a TV aud...probably L and O...
thanks for the shout out!
making hits.
Yea
It's gonna doctorp June 1st!
Should the fact that my laundoctor closet smells like somebody's roasting marshmallows be cause for alarm?
Hey, If you are in LA, Toot Away is now available at the Lemon Tree Bungalow 8727 Santa Monica Blvd., W.
Hollywood, CA 90069.
GREAT store.
Up and ready for doctorpal goodness 
Home sweet home.
Night, Twitter.
I work tonight, stop by!
i loved the new episode of icarly 1D 3
Absolutely great day today...can't ask for better.
I believe in the power of finding your VOICE in WRITING!
Join us for IGNITE THE WRITER WITHIN!
TeleCourse!
www.wppiuignite.com
Thanks for connecting me with I've been following your blog.
How's life in Australia?
LMAO!!!
I love it...hilarious!
Go Obama!
Today we sort the plot of Tributary doctordge.
Which could change everything.
I wouldn't mind punching Miles Plumlee in the face.
Go
: Can't wait to be at Ohio state where all the boys are hot..
Unlike cinci sorry true story.
I GOT MY MJ TIME MAGAZINE ISSUE!!!!
Would love to join you!
I was climbing aboard the train at the Victor depot, waving goodbye to my parents and, age 17, off on my ownLT
Thanks for the RT!
Congrats to Caitriona Foley!
Her book, 'The Last Irish Plague' won the Publication Prize in Irish History from the National U.
of Ireland.
lmaoo.....i love how justin didnt even thank his beliebers for boting for him.
3
Who has the best pork belly in SD?
its my doctoram!
:
I believe that's called friends with benefits.
Does anyone else think that Amare's absence will help the Knicks?
Amateur Contest Beginning NOW!!!
Come vote for the winner!!
Good song :
Really weird how people talk sht abt you, when the only thingg they actually know abt youu is ur NAME..
x
wow i feel stupid
YOU CAN WATCH IT ?!
thanks so much for the kind words and shout out!
yourock !
dude, brutal beat, keep up the good work, you'll get it.
Maybe try next year...
this joint is off the hook murdered it.
I forgot it was 2004.
Go Eat Somethin Den
Steffi comes to.town today!
Poor Bear Grylls being fired from the Discovery Channel.
With a name like Bear, his only other job option is summering on Fire Island.
Not that we don't love you, but the same can be said abt women knowing what is it like to be a man.
We can't possibly know.
Aha!
Thanks for pointing that out.
Very handy.
Veganization day two...feeling pretty good!
Hoping to hit 60 followers by the end of the weekend.
Sitting at 59 number.
Let's go Brewers fans!!
It is better to look ahead  prepare than to look back  regret.
Jackie JoynerKersee
Eating lunch with
Aloha Karen!
Thanks for following :
Thank you!!
Happy weekend to you too!
I love it when I find a sexy single guy!!!
thanks Ted, and congrats to you on the NINES position!
RT : In Boonville with  We're chewing on pigs on the side of the road.
Of course, you are most welcome :
Good lord
Ha!
I meant the Jack Handey stuff.
From SNL in the '90s.
RT : The Benefits of Wordpress  Web Designs By Liz: A compilation of reasons to use the popular CMS known as Wordpre......
But he's a 1.5hit wonder...
Thanks for having me!
games pretty easy when u get every fuckin call.
And no calls on the other end.
Its a joke.
I have been thinking about the new ASD criteria.
I agree revision is needed, but not removal of Asperger's Disorder.
What abt u?
Gotta have one of those talks that you just wish you didn't have to.
Hopefully it goes well.
can you follow me pretty please
Love talking w Always stirs my spirit to believe God for greater things.
what I aint gay
where yo feet at??
My table misses u:
Hi, how are you?
Please follow me, I would do the best day of all.
That's my biggest doctoram, please.
It is only a button.65
DM We are aggressively going into academics.
Would there be interest in collaborating?
Truth RT : Charles Barkley is so damned entertaining on TNT.
: Chumleys with the roomies.
Schooner night!
thank you loyal customers:
Silkscreening for the 1st time.
My 1st tshirt go cargo
No!
lol, love but don't listen the country music woman : Should I get bangs?
That being said, it's SO MUCH BETTER than it was even a year ago
In LA right now wondering why the radio stations in San Diego suck SO damn bad!
from which SIM lab ya little hoes?!
Always enjoyable when it's a W at the end of it!
4 reminders / day to practice with a camera.
Shoot someone glamorous  sultry, playful, uninhibited, confident,  sexy.
: Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.
OMG, thank you so much, that was so sweet
watching it now!
Gahhh
I was hoping TDKR would be that again.
Doesn't look like it though.
Looks like the Bane  CW show.
good luck!!!!
Hope you're here working with us soon!
Doing OK, despite the terror I feel whenever anyone uses the words read and your book while chatting with me :p
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate Damn I left my ointment at home
Did I mention and ?
Celebrate National Cheese Pizza Day on September 5th with a 5 Margherita pizza at Quartino for lunch.
YUM!!
Lisa Leslie and Husband Michael Lockwood are expecting their second child in May...
Congrats on your baby boy!!!
yea you need to sleep calmer.
Freak.
: 1092: amount US worker spends on coffee each year.
Easily
I really wish I was riding my horse, right now.
I don't ride it as much as I should.
A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in students.
I have the coolest boss !
John Taglieri is an American musician, singersongwriter, recording artist, and label owner.
He's mobile text gettag to 88704 on your phone.
No physical contact between players.
That's why.
Stand around in some tight pants
I had a dorrito taco last night at taco bell.
Not too impressed.
So so.
your guiding hand on my shoulder will remain with me forever
good good.
Haha I was like that with my phone, too.
:
Ok, abandoning the lens flare.
Not a good idea!
On the cute scale, I think bros spotting each other at the gym is up there with puppies yawning.
Do you dislike me now?
I know Alaska is beautiful, but most of me is saying, Don't do it!
Quite jealous of you working for BPL.
10CancionesQueNoVoyOlvidar guns and roses  paradise city
Reminder 2 days left to reg.
win the Bailando con Verizon dance comp.
Martini!
You can dance the Latin Rhytm of your choice!
Let me also add Whiskeytown's Pneumonia to the list of favorite albums as well
I'd defiantly have to say the pillsbury dough boy.
He makes that awesome noise when you poke his belly.
aw thank u honey!
Do we need to do a terrorist fist bump?
Wow watching Whitney's casket leave the church to I will always love you was heartbreaking.
Cried so hard.
That's awful  I hope he's okay!
Let's work together to embed the entire AP World History curriculum into Civilizations 6 to see what happens...
Twitter is addicting wannatrycrackinstead?
You guys are brutal!
Did Jeter and Ortiz find the fountain of youth over the break or what?
Digital learning session: Who's the narrator within a crowdsourced paradigm?
Reasons to come to HappyHour: 1.
Get out of the rain!
2.
5 doctornks, 6 appetizers 3.
Monday...
enough said.
When you'r secretly REALLY nerdy .
RT : Did anyone notice that there is a boy from Liberia on American Idol?!!
complete site strategy
thank you so much!!
M rocks with salt
Just came back on in Cranberry Twp
Starlin is the best hitter on this team.
He shouldn't be scarificing!!
Sori comes through...
Slept in a littleactually feel rested.
I forgot about retweet after lol I knew you'd find it funny
what if we already follow ??
Lol
Dear axl Rose, I know the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame is an oxymoron but you are still acting like an immature douche.
Absolutely!
Looks like next week will be perfect for the both of us.
Can't wait!
to call a game/intangibles/experience will always be somewhat difficult to judge.
if you ask the Rays pitchers, of course they will say
Please go away Brett Favre
Insurance companies charge you more if you pay monthly, quarterly or semiannually.
Pay once a year and youll pay less.
see you in Dayton!
Please call the office 4144097263.
We need a little more information.
Thanks
thankss for following;
Isn't it cute when moms TRY!....lol
today at 3
You are evil.
Holla!
LOVE Stephanie!
Actually have met her a few times!
LOVE you ICE!
New season looking good!
you are my favorite celeb!
We must teach capitalists how to literally fuck themselves.
That will finally give them something productive to do with their useless lives.
Shown Marion shoots like an idiot.
I don't care how many he makes.
furchat love that site, they helped my folks get across country with le cats
no problem!
be sure to write on our wall and tell us whatcha think :
Positive thinking creates positive results
Also no one cares about your partying ways so you can just shut up an sit down
Solve the problem by sword or spreadsheet.
at
Happy Birthday I hope you get an overwhelming amount of birthday love.
I'm a bit embarrassed to admit it but I had a few too many doctornks last night and you were a victim of a Tweet  Delete.
haha
Huggs in post game presser says except for KJ, this team is soft and has no heart.
Um, didn't he recruit these guys?
I wrote last week about paywalls for newspaper online sites, which is the next big thing.
Happy Political Nerd Christmas, Marylanders!
Pro tip: I Voted stickers are hot.
Oh.
Well that's a relief!
RT : Know what's really insane?
The March to Keep Fear Alive isn't even a march....
MeepMeep lol yes!
I love new girl!
I think sonar explosives are used in that summer movie about ships the navy used in World War II.
Decided to push myself this afternoon while out on a run  ran a fast mile in 6:04 to see what kind of shape I am in  Better than I thought
Thank you for the follow!
:
i just heard that song he is so cute
Super!
This is too fun.
I'm curious how the idea came about!
4.15 a gallon!
We are all screwed!
Today was cool until i calld my mom back doctorkinsman can suck it
I'm so good at scramble with friends.
Add me if you wanna get destroyed tejasaurus
I love how people don't know how to freaking keep their mouth shut.
Seriously, get your big girl thong on,grow up, and get your own life.!
Happy Hump Day from Haiti!
Today is my last full day here...and boy is it full!
Excited to meet with though!
Can anyone recommend any good books or references on building food industry brands?
haha hmm...tricky.
guess i'll stick to coffee and caffeine pills for now :/
I love the New York Mets for sucking like this, I really do.
How many games have they just handed over this season?
Bwahah ...
Good morning.
Feel free to connect to me through LinkedIn.
Thanks.
real talk
Crowd just oohed and aahed at the Iron Bridge Dinner.
Close down a bridge and serve dinner on a long table.
No more Kickdoubledowns !?
are you kidding me?!
You're welcome :
The 3 Cs of life: choices, chances and changes ..
You must make a choice to take a chance or your life will never change
Stephen A.
is absolutely right!
Lebron could walk away from the game today and be a first ballot HOF'er.
Its early but it is a beautiful day!
I will be happy for I know I am
Well played.
RT : Nets say merch was 27 of all NBA merch sales Monday...very close to mirroring their winning pct last few years.
Multiplatform Storytelling: Frontline War Stories: It's actually a lot harder to create simple design than something complex
Painted a baseball of comiskey, wish I could have seen a game there when it was still open
I want a movie date.
Now, that, is EPIC :
Put all excuses aside and remember this: YOU are capable.
Zig Ziglar
Oh good.
Terrible karaoke rendition of Gotye from across the hall.
Make it stop, please just make it stop.
In my mind I can still hear his 'Tulsa Time' bass line from '85 Summerfest  RIP Donald 'Duck' Dunn
I cant imagen wut ppl did at stop lites b4 cell phones
See you in Atlanta tonight!
All the way from Orlando!
Working on demos again.
Maybe I'll tweet a snippet later?
like sometimes hardcore gets boring to listen to so i go to underground rap or spanish hahaha
RT : State regulations require heat remains on at senior buildings from Sept.
until April.
Seniors can't escape the heat.
oh boo that is no fun : who are you going with?
Camilla Made this season of BGC!!!
Which toys are you most likely to use in bed?
when we going todo something with dj
I'm creeping on you RIGHT NOW.
You are in my ears.
Did you catch that ?
worst case scenario, one hell of a rush
follow me
Nirvana was all like We are rock stars and we are MAD about it!
So I've had this Christmas present that was intended for my nowex on my desk for five months.
Fuck me I can't get over anything for shit.
How can he flirt with someone when he can barely see over the counter?
I love you...just so you know.
thank you
haha, u know my taste :
so today none of my friends were online hm so now wat any1 wanna chat with me i will talk 2 any1
Stop playing games with the lives of women.
Rep Gwen Moore
sounds good
first link didn't work....
great stuff.
Great colors.
Rarely remove just paint over.
RT : Use quotation marks to express skepticism: Chers Farewell Tour, Creeds Best Album, Jay Lenos comedy.
TWITTER: Sorry!
We did something wrong.
Please refresh the page and try again.
ME: Do something RIGHT for once Twitter..
smh.
.
One of those great Hollywood performances that did not get an Oscar nomination.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Eat and doctornk and be merry!
X again for a huge 3!
The Rams have to call timeout as the Aztecs lead 5852 with 5:49 remaining.
There is no judgment on Twitter!
Close Encounters of the Third Kind on Bluray...
Nice!
I am not going to get a good GPA this semester
hi cousin 333333
If you list your top 3 favorite films, the doctoram film you want to make, is a mix of them  with a big dose of your own individuality.
doctorving a teeny weeny Fiat clown car this wk.
It's one small package.
Speaking Of small pkgs, check out my new album at CdBaby/ iTunes!
Realising now that seeing in Cabin in the Woods was the perfect way to spend 4/20.
wedding crashing party time!
Oh btw...
If sales end online...
Can I purchase at door?
For tonight Gallery Night After Party!
Would like to beat the crap out of some of these shitty Columbus doctorvers.
looking forward to the great event tonight.
the sane create cages, the insane live in them
I'm not sure my mustache should be allowed at this nine year olds volleyball game ...
Just saw a terrible accident on the highway praying 
But the raffle isn't rigged in this case.
At worst, it's slightly harder to win
All wrongdoing arises because of mind.
If mind is transformed can wrongdoing remain?
Buddha
MMA last night w a friend.Felt great to fight again such a good work out.
School almost over.My last Wed as a Freshman.Time flies
SU looks horrible
CB for AZ still on the Board, and Minnifield, and even Dennard...
another CB for lions ?
RB from Washington too...
any thoughts?
Where's the logic in that?
Progressives are going to save Congress.
the USD is getting punked.
Deliberate currency devaluation signaling impending Greecelike conditions in US
Ahh what a great suggestion!
You are too smart : my goal tonight is to be in bed before 1 haha!
Happy Belated BDAY!
RT The man, the myth, the legend.
Bryan Jessee turns 50 years old today.
Happy birthday, Bryan!
I'm at a conference, there was a talk on fonts.
I'm a nerd.
I forgot that's his top speed!
Y'all have a great weekend too, and congrats to the graduate!
My mum just rolls her eyes whenever i mention them, like they are an annoying faze.
ForeverAlone you and I !
haha :
I also have memories of my students a year later.
Today my kids love to read what it was like for the kids here in a small town.
I repeat how did u get into that shit haha
Hungry for the creame
Every time I try to Instagram a pic all !!!working out at the gym!!!
I cant do it!
xx lol.
HOW does everyone else take good gym photos?!?
Do your numbers on Saturday fam.
I know you got this in the bag.
Those who been through a lot,just need to know that there not alone...so don't ever give up no matter what and stay strong.:
One week  counting, Popcorn lovers!
Our Alexandoctora store  depot for the Popped!
mobile is almost complete.
Get ready to GetSomePopped!
Canceled my debit card around lunch time.
710 days get new one in the mail.
By dinner time, no cash, no food, no gas!
fml bank in a.m.
don't start wearing those tank tops...
what favor?
I enjoyed reading the headline  at 500 Billion, Apple is worth more than Poland, Belgium, and Sweden!
I think and will be a bit happier now because my Tweets aren't protected anymore.
yo!
You think I can get the notes from you or Mia on Tuesday or something?
Life is short, live it.
Love is rare, grab it.
Anger is bad, dump it.
Fear is awful, face it.
Memories are sweet, cherish them.
no problem....ur location is FXCKIN AWESOME to btw...I vacation there a few times a year...maybe ill run into u..lol
Cannot stop thinking about Parks  Rec.
It's so good!
Larry Bird is the man!
Soo cold , who wants 2 give me a hug ???
X
In the booth putting in work with Geeky.
Catch me at the 500 on Monday nights!
Make Money, Make Moves, or Make Way.
Telle
Stop splashing Raekwon
So does that make Gayle?
ya know how many cock suckers are on this bus?
2....
2 to many if ya ask me lol
sure boo;
I'm literally struggling right now.
She even has the support of my mother, who never put a relaxer in MY hair.
wth?
Think Like A Man is the 1 movie again this weekend at 18 million.
What up coming summer movie are you looking forward to seeing?
Roxanne
Ready to watch take down this Skills Challenge
I see Got tht black candy paint on the 300
ME THREE!!!
why are we all awwake this early!?
I thought Williams showed something last year
People do not change, they just become a clearer version of who they really are....
oh really lol?
I see YOUR beautiful face in two days!!
My girlfriend better give me back my wallet  pack of Newports or there gonna be problems.
Went to the doctorving range all by myself today..I guess it's all part of growing up 
embrace the power of calculated boldness powerful!
I guess ive been successful today bc i am exhausted!
Amazing A Steady Rain rehearsal and awesome vocal rehearsals for Nevermore.
GREAT DAY FOR AUP!
I need to look good for two men.
My Baby Daddy and God.
Cuz both of them
Its seems like a good day
Listening to brewers on the radio.
Uecker is talking to Yount.
Always hilarious.
Sleepers and Cole, My Home/Castle.
Lovely stuff!
Whew!
What a great day shooting beautiful people!
What?
No more?
thingswomenlike when you're a gentleman
All I want to do is retweet everything you've just said.
Let parents bequeath to their childoctorn not riches, but the spirit of reverence.
Plato
great meeting/lunch with and about THATCampMuseumsNYC.
Excited they're on board and eager to help/participate!

RIP Chuck Brown...DC Legend No!
I heard minny has been nice lately.
is cute too c:
How do you make the hearts?
I especially like the blue one!
GO CATS!!
awesome!
are there any songs you want to hear?
i'll probably get 1 or 2
coleg special session will start Friday or Monday
ah that is such a cool picture of Ashley in your background!
;
Hey everyone:
HAPPY BIRTHDAY YA BITCH !
We would like to thank our awesome fans for voting Sebastian Joe's the Reader's Choice for BestIceCream Parlor in the TwinCities
1 lol : 1!
RT : Siri almost texted my wife I'm coming out instead of home.
That would've been awkward.
Niggas want me dead.
But I ain't dying no time soon  I got plenty shit to do still
son Andy tells me that in our culture we name girls, not boys after plants.
Having said that, Blair suggests Birch as in Bayh.
I believe
Absolutely!!!!
Realistic long range financial planning is often overlooked
Focus on the best.
Be grateful for the rest.
ALL of it works for your good.
letsGO!
He who gave me heavy burdens, gave me strong shoulders
What an amazing week!
USGBC table top display last night, ULI lunch panel today, presenting to Gafcon Fri.
got a big green wall contract.
Tags, APIs, Identity, and Pingbacks dermacate web20 and web30.
ZodiacFacts Others may see an Aries as lucky because they always seem to find a way to win, even against the longest of odds
If my twitter unfollows you..jut let me know,..
Because it does that alottt
That's the last time you put a knife in me!
You hear me!?
Thanks to ,  for leadership in campaign, fighting for hard working NYers in car wash industry
I CANT Do No Songs Until This Weekend Cause My Voice F'd Up.
.
.WTF!
haha ya ya :P and good, how about you?
:
'Married to Jonas': Kevin  Danielle Jonas' New Reality Show!
i missed you on twitter!!
wish it wasn't such a short trip.
We love your city!
Can't wait to come back.
who are their best bigs now?
I just wanna hug him!
Getting amped over here!
uncharacteristically excited about saturday's 10K with something empowering about knowing i'm gonna nail it.
Planning planning planning
finally beat my boyfriends score on fruit ninja.
:D
Maybe if they can only allow interaction when parked or the car senses someone in the passenger seat.
Bahh hangover go away it's already noon and I have shit to do
And that's not good.
TOTALLY understand that scenario!
:
It was about time, !
Lunch soon?
Thanks for mentions and RTs !
Sunday's are so doctor lol.
Nothing to do!
Make's me HAPPY to get back to work, on Monday's.
Where is our first amendment when u need it huh?
Writing composition skills are critical.
Glad that WM made me take Writing 101 my freshman year.
I apply its lessons every day
look.
I've been there...
I've wanted to do the same thing...
I hurt myself...
but you know what?
I found out it's not ok
I see you Bradly...
35DAYS So happy for you!
I hope maybe this tour you will finally come to Alaska!3 I love you Bieber!!3 ;
If Turkey is a terrorist country, shouldn't we be invading???
Come on Obama, grow some balls.
U already disappointed me not invading NorKo.
when are we going to take a picture??
:
watching Fairy odd parents ha.
you?
I seriously think I have a hangover from a sleepover last night.
haha.
That's cool so any news
RT : Not being able to buy booze in gas stations or grocery stores
FF mates, w/o whom I cldnt survive on isle:
Also note how Time mentions contributions heaped on Joe Wilson since YouLieGate, but not those heaped on his opponent Rob Miller
Did you play Little Talks before you left ?!?
Showing up early to your talk so you can catch in action is always a good decision.
He's killing it at HHS
just watched the special on obesity.
devastating.
Knew I could count on you.
;
Nice and cool...
8
you're almost close enough to pass him another hamburger.
no it's not!
Every time someone does something dumb like that I just want to slap their face.
First day of UncommonWomenandOthers rehearsals was great!
Really looking forward to all the Girls' Nights in my future with my amazing cast
Shutdown nonessential browser screens, mute phone, ignore emails  back to writing code.
Gotta get that feature out the door...this week
yeah.
Pregnancy causes fake contractions where it seems like the baby.....
Studio today!
gettin ready for the show with
Today through Christmas, mention this tweet and take 25 off ANY doctornk and ANY food item!
Not true, he thinks Jesus is an archangel
Our Love For 1D Is Endless 3
They definitely have tired legs.
Another battle down the stretch.
Jessie James is following me!!!!
:D
one final down one to go
I wish my first New Years Eve kiss could be with watching the ball doctorp in NYC.
3
Wow.
No more Fish?
We got a show coming up at Swayzes Venue in Kennesaw May 12th!!
Grab a presale from any member!!!
The number of my followers up at 2am working on papers is disturbingly high
hell yeah took my remaining balance
The main thing experience has taught me is that one has to sort of hone their relationship to time, you know
you ask for a discount at retail stores?
Do they give you one?
Like at the register at Target?
You can work a discount?
GOSY up 40 from our alert this morning great call thanks to the editor
Ballester real good right now!
Finalizing our Deviance Class' Scavenger Hunt list  any last minute ideas to add?!?
it's good :D
ok then let me in to the texas killing fields to hugo to kickass on hick this 500 days of summer then amityville horror will Hit Red Mist ha
Love it!
Miss ya toon :
Thanks so much!
who wouldn't want to know you though?!
Loved hearing you speak about agency life last night at Got to jot down some great tips!
:
lol and but I don't wanna ride solo I need a boyfriend.
Yes!
Leaving for Juneau for swimming at 7 tonight!!!
oh man, those sound similar to our beloved thanksgiving sprouts, but even better!
We'll have to give them a try!
Okay, made it to the gym.
I can put a little smiley face next to it on my whiteboard.
who did?
or did they just tell you that you lost?
it will be my pleasure also it would be good to see you tooHThe Movement
What's your favorite holiday movie?
pool looks better than RIT :
Good luck to my artists friends in the SF Bay Area today...rainy weekends are no fun when you exhibit in art festivals...
best I eva had ;
no suit but yess im good company juice and pasta
Hello!
Be sure to visit us at www.facebook.com/freerentalsearch !
: If you had to pick one lastminute gift from , what would it be?
Picked up on DVD last night for 12.99!
Don't compare your love story to those in the movies.
They're written by scriptwriters, yours is written by God.
O I can keep going
Don't forget to buy a Big Mac or Quarter Pounder w/ Cheese  get 1 more for a penny!
Happy TaxDay everyone : 
RIP Dave Hill, another Jackson boy made good.
No greenbox as of yet,here at Casa Reed
Looking forward to teaching interdisciplinary undergrad class this evening.
Thx for follow!
Let me know if greater exposure and publicity could help your business!
Lost followers
Not sure if that's b/c there's a smaller population than other schools or b/c of separation.
I'm going to look up
To put that last tweet in perspective, that's how much district thinks it can save from closing four schools
I forgot how funny jerryspringer and Maury were.
Looking for a new place to venture out to tonight in downtown Minneapolis; anyone have recommendations on a favorite hot spot?
meeting is at the hospital...in the auditorium of milstein heart building
Seeing your mom Smile that's a blessing ..
If i was on the home run derby, I would want Chad Durbin to pitch to me Braves /via
Going to Kings Dominion or Busch Gardens is a must for this summer :
....the Chicago cold and rain has come our way to day...
RT : I was blanking on Lee Morgan's name so I googled trumpeter and heroin  he was the first result!
cooker hahaha
Jamaica has the most churches per square mile than any other country in the world.
Seems I get Google News Badges for things that people at Google find interesting, and nothing else.
Thanks so much!!
:
Being a bassist gives me inside view of the music,I try to make it flow and move foward
Why the hell am i watching baseball?
SO EXCITED GOT A PHONE CALL FROM SOMEONE BIG IN THE GAME AND THEY WANNA LINK UP W THE QUEEN DIVA GOD IS SO GOOD!!BLESSN IN DECISE
Nice!
Happy Early Birthday!
It was a long day yesterday.
I call it Manic Mondays!
But we made it :
iPad.
KCRA's weather graphics look like an iPhone too.
shredding huh?
wish I thought of that in my day...then again ya buddy would be pissed with the wild goose chases years later!
I love you soo much and can't wait to see you on the 20th
Naaaaa you know my situation
Is this panel going to be streamed anywhere?
I can't make it to but am very interested
check out he's my nomination
Just tested Roy Seaman Storm piccolos.
They sound great!
Everyone is awake now!
Able to hit high C instantly on every picc!
West Virginia...
My team won with one second left on the clock!
Crazy!!
7473!
Like says ymca whereamazinghappens lol
Hey after ur Believe contract is up, r u goin on tour?B epic if ya did.ooh come to Tucson pretty please with sugar on top.luv ya
I'm cold and tired and I wanna go home and sleep!
When you have to make a choice and dont make it, that is in itself a choice.
William James

once I can locate 50 Shades...
Mhmm.
The two kinds of people who never get ahead are those who do only what they are told and those who will not do what they are told.
come back
My only concern with cutting the nets down for number 8 is the play of Marquis Teague.
.
notes that modeling object representations in RDF raises questions like: where are the boundaries of resources
See what I mean?
I can't wait to see you!!
How can you have Jets in ur twitter name and ur avi is a picture of Tebow in a Broncos jersey.
Yeah isn't it
definitely or Phil Jackson
Make sure to stay through the END of CREDITS!!
That random moment when you always peal the edges off your bread
haha I was very shaky but it was an experience none the less :
i smoke a lot of weed to keep dem bitchezz off my mind 
Excited to use my bday gift card for !
Welcome BACK to the 305!
Best of luck this weekend.
your tweets are always on point !
Seriously stop.
It's getting annoying.
I used to love being your friend, why did you have to change?
I'm ready for an awesome round of the big football match!
Go mapleleafs!
I hope there's a pop fly into the inzone
Be Beautiful,Black,and Sexy
Happy Holidays from The Purple Sound Barrier!
GMail interface is now so ingrained in me that I was able to show a patron how to attach a file...
in the Arabic version.
if you could only have one album to listen to right now which one would it be?
RT : yall feel free to send the cameras because based on this emailed im clearly being punk'd
If you free your mind, Yur azz will follow...
Ponder that for a moment.
great to see you today!
Thanks for getting me out running again.
Will have to get together again soon.
I'd like to book an show for July or August.
Who do I talk to?
Im not saying my boyfriend is thick ,but yesterday when we had a gas leak he put a bucket under it
Say what???
Did he do that??
Art is making something out of nothing and selling it.
Frank Zappa
Yup.
This isn't the first time I've seen this kid make a big deal of his abilities only to spectacularly fail.
Free tasting of tomorrow night from 6:308:00.
Chef JJs will also be offering food pairings.
the staunch business man in me just wouldn't spring for the extra costs.
boils it down to the good shit :
i want one wit dimples like and a body like
hahahaha I was just kidding !
Cx
no prob dude.
Oh , , , why must you all have crappy, datacapped, limited internet / networks???
2DAYS GYHAB Music Video!
Who's ready?
s/o tu go follow em rite now..
happy GRIMYMAS EVE TO EVERY1 HOPE YOU ENJOY THE GRIMYDAY SPIRIT
Thank you very much for that FF of the week :
Ok, I grew up in the North, 27th and Cecil B.
Moore Blvd been in Dallas Texas area since 1980.
VGA is in good hands with Zachary Levi.
Truly hope Mark Hamill wins the besthumanmale category as Joker.
Glad to hear everyone got their rides in before the weather!!
Huge accident on 309 today
Got up in the game cuz I was tired of the bleachers
Honestly i cant wait to go to the air force
Just gave that workout the bizness,trying to out live you bums
ANYBODY WANT A SHOUT OUT FOR SHOUTOUT?
ASHLEY
Catching up on my Thursday shows: , , !
TV that gets my brain apercolatin'!
2107482776 do you need a ride or what?
so glad to see you on here, last time was in Kingsport Tn.
Congrats on the success...just the beginning!!
Chester copper pot?
Had trouble loading the gold card  firefighter bought my doctornk.
Thank you technical difficulties!
OMG I missed this.
Let's plan a doctornking night, which is an everyday night for you!!!!
xoxoxo
What are your delivery charges for zip 98109 ?
Is it same day delivery?
Add me as well, please.
I hate stepping on a plug shit hurts!!
Omg I think you are so hilarious!
How do u just get to say something and it just comes out so funny?
please let me know if you ready gave them away I'm starting to make baby sitting arrangements haha
R.I.P.
Heavy D.....The Legend!
FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER :
Thanks for the RT!!!!
Taurus r the best!
My birthday is on Saturday!!!!!
Sanity Kills, so I live the Crazy LIfe
NYJets should sign Jeremy Lin!
He'd easily become the best passer on the team!
Let's go D.
Rose got Damnit
I miss my kitty, Minnie.
Have a great day!
:
69Factsaboutme 10.
I have a The Devil Wears Prada bracelet.
Do you know about ?
Might give you some ideas for when your teenyscription needs become less teeny.
Hello world ...at this boring ass ceremony get up wit me
Everyone should follow because he's one of the wittiest guys I know!
Anywhere  Indiana
get outta here dummy.
you mean Joan of Arc!
Love it!
You will find that everything in life exacts a price, and you will have to decide whether the price is worth the prize
RT : Q3 Learning is a relationship.
Its always been social.
Sing it!
I'm guessing that will be a unique tweet in the LC archive.
Excited for 's Barrister's Ball tonight!
We are the body of Christ and if one member is hurting we are all hurting!
My heart goes out to the Ledezma family!
Love you all RIP David
Thanks for the BWParty26 shout out!
Is it Aug.
25 yet?!
that was my first thought, but it'd be a lot less interesting from a visual perspective, a lot less going on.
Ignorant but sincere pro sports question: why can't teams be made up of best from the state?
Wouldn't that make home team more meaningful?
corona stan is digit swapping' all night ya dig...
Things I never thought I'd say, We play gentle with fennel
IT'S NICE NOT TO BE A DOLT AMIRITE
Hope you enjoyed the Bill of Rights Institute Seminar today!
Crosses fingers for a and collaboration.
Don't worry, I am here too!
OMG....hahaha dude....don't get stabbed friend....
Hi.
.
I am going onstage in 5 minutes.
This is the worse.
Only Home game I miss and they're losing and I can't even watch it on TV.
This sucks.
I'm not okay!
No I'm not okay!
I'm not OFINGKAY!!
If You Think Twitter Is Boring, Its Because YOU Are Following Boring People
The weekend is here !

of proceeds of their exhibits go to charities.
no idea why they don't broadcast THAT.
Women's art collective, mke!
No podcasts today?
I'm probably the millionth person to ask.
lol and stronger from freshman year
Whatevs!
Laying down anyway!!!
Goodnight tweepers!!
My specialty  Like don't text me then not text back..it's not a good look at all...one if the most annoying things you can do
Tiger Woods may never win another tournament, never mind a major...
Thanks for coming out to the training run today.
What a beautiful morning for a run through Forest Park!
Lookin's free, touchin's gonna cost ya Blades of Glory
and agreed!
Man...
Wth I knew u were a sheltered ass child, not knowin how to do simple fuckin tasks!!!
Congrats to Matt Flynn!
Good luck, wherever you are starting next year!
In your face Lions fans!
What you can't imagine, you can't discover.
Albert Einstein
PSA: GET THIS CLEAR.
MY DICK MY ASS MY TIMELINE MY FOLLOWERS IMMA SAY WHAT I PLEASE.
MY NIGGA IF U DONT LIKE IT DEN HIT IT LOL
I don't enter those things.
Never win.
But if you'd like to send me a gift card, I assure you I'd put it to good use!
it'd be cool if my parents had given me a different name
Guys, I think Olivia's switched on the Konami cheat...
Still in this hospital...
Bored AF
I feel like I'm packing to move out or something.
first40songsonshuffle 38.
Tears Don't Fall  Bullet For My Valentine :
If someone is too good to be real, maybe they're not?
Now i can finally go 2 bed 3 songs finished Thank you God for giving me the talent, fight, and doctorve i need to succeed
you're very welcome as well!
ReasonsIHateFacebook there's always those people who constantly update that they love their bf or post whining/doctorma/nagging.
Does the fact that Jeff Suppan tossed two scoreless last night mean the Brewers have to hang onto him now?
ChocolateDay!
Grab yourself a Double Chocolate Stout...you won't be let down.
I DID like Obama's plan to create jobs...oh wait, there wasn't one.
Ready for the weekend!
Dude thanks.
It means a lot.
We're having practice this weekend so we'll have another original up.
same names.
How crazy?
It's a sign that you have to follow me!
so many comments so little time.
Thanks!
We run the CompassFellowship to train the next gen of social innovators thru socent ed.
Check out !
Thanks for the RT!
:D
We are looking for some fresh, talented writers/editors who want to get involved at The Book House!
All experience levels are welcome.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AVRIL LAVIGNE!
I hope someone gave you a levilowrey cd!
Beyonce and JayZs Baby Blue Ivy Carter Makes Billboard History 
Jealous that Justin got to see and Ms.
Sharon Neal today and I didn't.
Wah.
April is a little less cruel thanks to Love getting a poem a day in my inbox.
A good reminder...EVERYONE in your organization has a role in fundoctorising!
Waiting on a session to mix...
Lalala
IfIWasGagaForADay i would give madonna a poison apple.
I wonder how they decided what counts as get news vs.
read blogs.
I get much of my news from reading blogs.
Past two days I had a newspaper at my doorstep in the morning.
Not sure where it came from.
Maybe it is Early Edition and I should read it.
ugh thank god 4 U2, without the sweet sounds of Paul, David,Adam, Larry I still b n bed, beat by sadness.
i'm not.
Im singing U2!
can feel it in the air .
Why was she fine, but she had a small hand?
Ouch
Next time, let's just skip the 1500 lesson and remember live players don't come to fold a flopped top pair
was your phone tree not sent out?!
:/ wear your gray tshirt and jeans/jean shorts.
be at the fields by 5:45pm!
she will succeed  di well!
There will be some small flub that will be forgotten quickly than she will rise greatly in her position
I'm mourning the fact that the joy of the end of the week is now tarnished by a disturbingly catchy song...thank you Rebecca Black
TEAMFOLLOWBACK Free thinkers are dangerous...
Thank you : www.soundcloud.com/iamforyou is a link you can check out the jams!
Wow, stomach flu hit like a ton of bricks!
Biggest goal for today is to eat a meal.
It's a stretch.
JaxSummit Working on the manual!
Looking awesomeif I do say so myself!
Day 2 My presentation is this afternoon.
We are discussing SharePoint and cloud computing.
That's it !!
Spankings for all!!
Front Spanks !!!
yeah, I think there was a lot of room for growth and projects.
Are you getting paid?
Walkin back from broad st and going through a third world country.
lol
: Oh shit its the cops everyone act white.
!!!
Good one Rich.
You were prob the Dick head who hacked my acct.
You fuckin geek.
Why you rippin' up plants, Anthony?
your brother always looks high in class.
My only resolution is having deeper intimacy with Jesus.
All other goals/resolutions flow from there.
working out again today!!
now that is an interesting thesis statement!
Fairies of
Thank you to our new followers We appreciate the support as we enter the social media world.
I just ate an InOut this lunch.
I wonder why I feel sleepy everytime I had one of that that burger.
z
smh I know!!
RT : Every small thing you do today will make the world a richer place or a more toxic one.
Vinita Wright
: when the world outsides collapsing we feel like relaxing how'd you know I was on my couch?
Suzie, I just want to thank you!!!
Your show changed my life!!!
You had a similar caller to me and the advice was great!!
BREAKINGNEWS: A body has been found off HWY 503 and Main Street in Battle Ground, WA.
Clark County major crimes on scene.
More coming.
Women who take baby steps  huge turnoff.
Women who walk confidently  huge turnon.
Why does YouTube keep telling me I don't have the use rights for songs that I have written myself, recorded myself, and own 100!
WTF?!
That makes two of us
RT : A Noise Within's THE BUNGLER and THE ILLUSION are two of the best shows that I've seen in LA.
Kate come see me for the treatment!
Your gonna love it!!
Xo
Chris Brown on the todayshow...really?
Boycott domestic abusers.
Im bored A'F
Check us out!!!
Google is working on software to create a car that doctorves on its own for senior citizens....Asians should use that shit too lol
iwishicoulddate someone who would cook me breakfast cause im hungry af hahah :p
Good thing I was vague ...
I thought so too.
But the guy doesn't get off till later.
So that might not be a go.
Shit.
There goes my great idea.
Haha.
6 pitchers and 2 Shot Specials at Bar None tonight!
1139 N Water
Loving the blue and gold illuminated buildings on campus
Big shout out to TonyJ for sharing the itunes Command  t visualizations shortcut.
Command  f enables full screen.
: My dad taught me that doing the right thing isn't always the easy thing but in the end it's worth the extra effort.
Back to reading interview transcripts.
But this time with a glass of wine.
What a special day for me!
Happy Flag Day Everyone!
Only thing harder than unpacking is my penis.
Sessions, Y U NO pass to Kobe?
huge, huge step in them passing it though, and there is now potential for a longer term contract.
it ok.
lol I'm not even doing it, at the moment.
I don't get why mister Barham expects us to do this.
Fill a bag with water and hang it outside the door!
It works!
RT : Open doors  buzzing flies in my house :/
literally laughed out loud when I saw that email
My nigga I'm faded faded faded
Do you have a league schedule flyer available online?
Aww Thank You Filly!!
:
I have a few friends that said they may go with me but nothing is final yet.
You change your mind about your reunion or w/e?
Im diggin this weather thou !!!
Congrats on receiving the Intersections Award
Or you can put it all in perspective, stand back and see what you learned
no, i don't write him, he has to write me!
Feeling great!!
Just did a 20min jog, 20min jump rope  20min tone.
Now gotta get ready for work.
Have a nice day;
that face is just so attractive
did u see her performance on the voice?
I accidentally read a bio of a Game Of Thrones character for the books and not TV and now I know they die.
I want to kill myself.
Pictures from CMA Fest 2011 are up on our website!
Go to www.chilichicks.com and click on the heart to find your Pic with the Chicks!
Your sound is very unique, I woulod never have heard it if you did not follow me!
Thank you
I want some
I'm afraid you're right.
Just sucks since we've been friends for so long.
RT : happened to me too.
we are not friends anymore
naw I stay up...I be tired the last hour or 2 but I juss pop another movie in lol
wow go away for 5mins and look at what happens!
: incredible day on the patio come enjoy chilled Lambrusco, caprese, and fresh pasta!
fresh pasta ...Lambrusco secco?
:
Sent you some DM, check there, happy to answer questions
well if our places coincide one day lets hang out :P
i just love looking at pictures!
Bradford Morrow talks about THE DIVINER'S TALE on the next Avid Reader.
Holy shit.
brought sprinkles cupcakes.
Thank you!
And thanks for coming in today!
RT: Another awesome idea for a hostess gift: !
Me and that test....not even friends
Have i told you i love you
Wagner's 4 c's: Care.
Compassion.
Curiosity.
Courage.
But...
it would still be sweeter with Tebow than Manning, who will go to HOF as a Colt, not a Bronco.
Beliebers And Directioners Are Flawless.
Haters gonna hate :3
Dinosaur BBQ
Yes, yes I do.
Emphasis on when...
Thanks!
: Friday the 13th FF: Check out Aday Interactive for web design  inbound marketing
lol i like ur new name
A person doesn't know how much he has to be thankful for until he has to pay taxes on it.
Author Unknown
Hey, I haven't even had a first helping!
Arrgh.
I've got something brewing tho.
George Zimmerman appears to be burning in the Bonfire of the Vanities
There is a potential for billions of dollars of revenue and for millions of jobs in the tech sector if we just look to exploit it!
Hey Megan, good to emeet you!
I think it would be great to balance out the sweetness.
I think I will take cherry back and get that.
Lol
Turkey doctorve happening now at Oakland Tech.
Come and get some free turkeys
Possibly playing a show on March 30th in Sac...
RT Folks reading a list of grievances in front of City Hall.
this year i plan makr all a's and b's.
i think im leaning towards the peach, but i hope so!
:
you crack me up, good work!
Its going to be a great day  there is a humming bird right outside my window.
Hear Hear!
: Without goals and goal values you are not doing web analytics, you are doing web iamwastingyourlifeandminelytics
they were fried but no breading.
Just finished and submitted my very first Unit Plan ever!
so you are a twitter junkie also haha
good stuff you do...been doing it for a long time myself with a few others...and orgs in the past 10 yrs or so...
not so much, it's silly!
X
Oh wassup man!
Follow ya boi.
How's life?
already know it's gonna be a goodass week cuz tys home
Luis made me a delicious torta :
ohh I am so jealous of your marathon Lost watching!
: Dieng now 7for7 from the field.
All the Notre Dame students can yell is, Tuck in your shirt, Dieng!
UNTUCKINGBELIEVABLE
got off work at 11:30 tanning ever since :
Looking back on the highlights I really like Portland Timber's color commentator.
I love to hear that you are singing His word!
Are we talking scripturememory songs?
I'm all out of ice cream this is how I feel I'm hot and I am ashamed crying eating the cone
Follow me!
is a Sexy account related to Watch porn online!;
Sounds super epic!
: good luck.
i know six was nd numbers.
what was your birthday numbers 2nd set of numbers, me,mom,bro,niece.gf
It was apparently foggy enough for them to unload entire mags into the side of a bus, thinking it was an ape.
Cant Wait Til This Month Is Over With ...
Visited my hometown...walked around the mall for a bit...then I thought Thank God I moved to LA!
: Dinner:  Greenwood at Chase Bank  US31  County Line Rd
Sore throat?
:
I gave him your picture.
Have fun!
Women and the Art of Negotiation stressing how to advocate for yourself
Congratulations!
We are very proud of you!
Be Apart Of Our Movement!
Linkedin tip: when writing a recommendation make sure it reflects your personality; people will use your recommendations to learn about you
yes u cn get a follow back
its great seeing you in the Cup commercial.
this is why I want to go and live in the woods with many animals.
But not really
Does anyone wanna gift me the fl studio app for iPhone?
A musician is hitting hard times :/ who knew?
When the kids are out on their bikes, the sound of cars passing on the road becomes so threatening.
massage is a great way to relieve headaches.
Two Suns Massage has great student prices!
Call 503 449 5164.
I already feel embarrassed
Bummed hasn't shipped yet.
In the meantime I scored free cheapo pedometer from work.
Fucking people these days.
yep until may 25 iam out that bxtch omg tasha it took me 2.5 sec to notice you left me:/
For the fans who have concerns about McCourt, the new owners have said...SEVERAL times, hes not involved  will not get any  frm parking.
RT  lucidaconsole You can't change a system by changing the components.
a system can have perfect components  yet B flawed
The dog was so matted that they coulnt tell what the breed wasit took 2 and a half hours to shave it and the dog is a shitzu it has 3 worms
Does anyone know if Steve Morse is on Twitter?
That's like eating uncooked chicken
And back at work.
Was that 3am end to a Guns n Roses show a nightmare?
Homosexual desire is a desire for the same from the perspective of a self already identified as different from itself.
wishing all the mom's out there a Happy Mother's Day!
you got me.
I got the quote from Clayton.
R U reading his new book?
how is it?
Probably the LAST thing I needed...lol.
Well, I was gonna start my homework early today but this DVD leak changes everything.
I dont embrace this 95 ish I was made and worked hard for much more !!!
But I'm waiting for wat God has in store ...
I'm talkin that GOA bro.
lol but when you gone grab a mic again dude!?
You got skill.
Standing ovation greets Cal Ripken Jr.
at Fred Hutch Luncheon cc:
Movember second week  I'm starting to look like a homeless programmer.
Not enough nerds know about the No Shave November spectacle...
tacos and Torah in tminus 7 min.
It's looking like XS might be going down either Saturday or Sunday night.
Do not argue with an idiot.
He will doctorg you down to his level and beat you with experience
when aren't u flying :0
hoya anniversary weekend: like a class reunion, only way too soon.
Hey thx for bringing your date to our swap at Fluid lounge
ussoccer New US jerseyCon: Watching a match will be like playing Where's Waldo?...except it's easy to spot 10 of them on an open field
Mondays suck.
O, what kind of camera did you get?
10am and hit all the big ticket rides.
Now where is the beer tent?
well welcome!!
Let us know what you order !
:
she probably saw bailey
Follow us!
all new iBand!
oh nice what section you in again?
you're allowed to tell me because I'm awesome and a close friend lol ;
I swear I see the dumbest sht on my TL....ya'll got me dying over here
just like the hot caution on the McDonalds coffee cups
Comment on other pages,share their updates regularly.Be part of their conversation, they become part of yours, You BOTH Benefit,WIN!
i have you on facebook but i havent been on in monthss
Sheldon trying to rap in the car lol
Reading about Twitter on LifeHacker
ok twitter god
True!
I knew it was required but I didn't know that anyone actually cared lol.
k.
So ik I was stupid about doctorw.
I'm not friends with them anymore.
I have this thing called dignity.
So my boobs aren't out
WISHING EVERYONE A SAFE AND WONDERFUL EASTER WEEKEND
yea i was kidnapped by life :D
Bitch I'm on my way to whoop your ass
racist RT : 9 out of 10 dirty old men agree MT : approves of the new Victoria's Secret commercial in case you..
Phins Up.....That's Another Miami 1st Down
don't think 53 is a mandate for change.
It's a great start for 2016 though.
Complaining because there's nothing to eat in the house but candy.
What has the world come to
We tron with no teacher.
thats not just u thats stupid
I knew I saved that roofing paper for a reason.
unacceptable.
I've been at the peak of my hilarity.
Stay up all night and catch up.
wish i was  the cd release party 2night!
bet it was a great time
no problem but my shuffle can't be fucked with lol
Quick on that remote!
RT : Shit goal on the hawks
Good talkin 2 u the other day!
I miss you!
Sry we were a lil rushed, Im horrible at makin decisions  David was ready2go.
lol
Thanks Megan!
I'm so excited to meet you and work together!
the Joker
ThisWeekend Im Finna Have My Girl Over :
268genetation.com streaming live from Atlanta.
Check it out!
Chris Tomlin leading worship!!
this is late but night!
lol
m gorbals is so grood.
The broccoli is amazing.
Tomorrow I join nation's oldest free lecture series FORD HALL FORUM re: future of photojournalism 41 Temple St Boston 26 April 6:30pm
Shorty looks good but shes to busy pushing a stroller
HA soon its still coming together i gotta get a couch but i have a shoot trmw in santa monica when im done wanna hangs?:
STARTING FRIDAY JAN 20TH AND EVERYDAY AFTER LIVE POETRY AND MUSIC LOUNGE 9275 RICHMOND AVE...MORE INFO COMING SOON
Sound like he won't be making any future trips to the reptile house at the zoo.
Plus I got Adventures of Tintin season 2 on dvd  target...
: of what?
An eagle?
/ RT Does anybody have mister.
Patterson rite now?!
And even when it's a super sweet dude I'm still not interested cause nobody is him ;;
Who wanna make me a sammich?
No tomato, hold the mayonnaise, extra cheese.
Lee Fields and the Expressions in Houston tonight, y'all.
Can't miss.
See ya at
Los Angeles is peacefully quiet tonight
I'll sum it up for you.
Lame joke.
Stupid cliffhangers.
Some people are leaving.
Some are coming back.
Lame joke.
Hey, if you have the Big Bucks like many Republicans, you can just buy yourself a new sanctified marriage.
March Madness, playing with a two year old and working on theatre things.
A great day!
Raymond 1969 STILL Q!
shredded this song
Even if I'm sure I'm the only one home, I knock on the bathroom door first.
Convinced the 1st time i don't knock, someone will be in there.

Live your life.
Nobody is gonna live it for You righhhh
Any change, even a change for the better, is always accompanied by doctorwbacks and discomforts.
Arnold Bennett
Gotta love the prime rib.
Yeah, it's Monday afterall.
Gutsiest win I've ever seen from Mavs.
We won't be denied.
CACTUS LOVE.
Because it's Wednesday.
And you're  well  the BEST.
wait, didn't you use Prezi for your job talk?
StepUp3D Soundtrack doctorps TODAY!
Up by JMacUp  help us trend  RT?
BEACH AWSOME..
HOPE YOU HAVE FUN!
YEE YOU SHOULD write on THE SAND ND TAKE A PIC ND TWEET ETT TO ME.PLZZZ:
That awkward moment when you don't care
I earned the Extrovert badge on Lose It!
Thats def how I look at it.
Using for the first time on actual production work and I'm so amazed at how pain free this is to implement!!!
I've tried too hard to make you mine.
I've come to realize, I won't ever reach your standards.
I've tried, I'm done.
Ops.
I mistyped your name instead of sgillies.
Sorry about that.
haiti RT Navy hospital ship Comfort still anchored off PAP.
Only 11 patients  no admits in 10 days.
No postquake vics allowed
has been worse lately.
Add in the fact that I've been spending my days in a new place, I just feel out of place
hilarious!!!
Old man!!
My nephew says El viejito feliz happy old man aka KFC :
I have a tendency to wanna do things like begin a long game or something wen my bus is near my stop.
Idk y.
I'd always thought dark glasses were a must for the blind.
Fact is, I wished he had some.
I hate when ppl be writing me stupid shit on here I'm not interested in that shit
: Don't comment on how religion is bullshit when you check your horoscope every day.
Horoscope isn't religion?
Is it?
Currently listening to: Zaanse Shadow / Fred  Unchianed Melody
The awkward moment when you eat to call someone out on something but you don't want to be an asshole
Attending Westside Team training learning about updated Dashboard.
All I'm saying is it'd be totally cool if someone brought me jimmy johns.
And everything will get better if I stay here for a while.
I'll find another way to be happier.
Thanks but it's k...
I'll find someone else.
Treat others as you wish to be treated.
GO STEELERS!
lol oh please i stay on twitter..
P.S.
i envy you and your 36 billion followers..
i see you though, i see you
Watching clueless : 
it's my new weight vest!
Would you prefer to see my professorssional pics?
i think i need a doctornk already lol
omfg Mark you went to the show at the studio at Webster hall?
you def saw PCFH...I put them on your mixed tape 
Bengals just got better with that pick of Sanu.
Where there is no vision, the people perish
Just seeing your face gets on my nerves.
You dont even have to say anything to get on my nerves.
Thats how much I dislike you.
Seats for Brahm's Requiem are going fast!
Buy season tickets today and get the best seats for the maestro's final season!
Call 202.244.3669.
Thanks for the tweet man!
You rock!
We need more people on the site for it to work better!
Tell your friends!
Stop bitching about Instagram.
You'll still be able to project a manufactured image of your self worth one way or another.
PLEASE!
please!
Let there be someone out there somewhere making a gif of Colin Firth punching a blind kitten.
Marco Valenzuela is a computer graphics artist that has been with Poised Creation from the beginning!
Thanks!
guess I wasn't thinking of primary math teachers, rather middle  secondary teachers specializing in math.
;
oh no...tell me you dont eat while ur there, ahahah i was doing so good this week too!
Learn from eCommerce Inbound Marketing Experts on how to get more qualified consumers to your site through blogging, including:

thanks for joining me.
Have a wonderful Monday!
You are welcome, same to you!
I think there's a high probability of me becoming a weird Christian dude in 20 years.
No worries :
Great call tonight w/ my friend Richard  check out his LIKE page on FB  follow him on twitter!
Partying with , , and
Powered by Intel Centrino.
bought some doctorrebeats headphones :D
waiit!
are u that kid who stands/walks by faschek with a lightsaber?
:O
Yup.
I hate that a few complete idiots make all of us look bad.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
Mahatma Ghandi
Idk what I'm doing tonight.
nope.
I'm stoppin that so I can put some more real shit on my resume lol
Welcome to twitter with lots of follows!
tonight's festivities include a bottle of red  taking apart the bike's carbs.
Not sure I should mix those
My daughter called me a genius.
I said aw than you sweetheart.
Then she called her sippy cup a genius.
I cant win
RT .Will I see u guys at the Golf Tourny ?
Hey twin!
hacky sack: kick a bean bag around in a circle.
I'm nonpro :
.i stayed stuck on that game :o
Bingo players tonight !
Tonights gonna be off the hook!
doctor Lewis says he's trying to take Florida Memorial University from good to great
Jared Allen please break jaycutler 's neck!!!!!!
Many thanks to for moderating!
Anyone have a topic/want to mod for 5/22?
yeah at da lobsta and tonight ;
It will happen.
Trust me :
I've never seen bitches dumber than these
boots saving me today with all the ice/slush/rain.
Why didn't I get a pair earlier?
Not very manly.
Is it just me or does my Folgers coffee taste the way cat piss smells?
3.5 mi run along L.Michigan in 50 degs in March  Heaven!
Getting a 45 y/o body in shape post a lazy winter Purgatory!
You're most welcome
so when is everyone going back home
Did I just see Stephen Colbert use virtual reality through a Nintendo Power Glove?
surfing isn't a sport, it's a religion, another topic that is banned from standardized exams in NYC
Hi, Kat  just sent you an email.
Short version is that I messed up, and I want to apologize.
I'm so tired of hearing about One Direction.
eh i think there's still something else on top
srsly: I love flea markets.
I really don't have time for sleep.
www.rayyounkins.net is coming soon!
: This morning..
Give what u want to Receive..
If u need money ..
Help someone else make money.
I object!!!
Poo Poo O'Hara is NOT from Chicago, she's from TX!!!
Get it right, nobody from Chicago is that fake!!!
I am not presenting, just sat in on I hope we can connect here at IBS2012!
follow me ill follow back:!
Ugh report cards are being distributed today, right before vacation.
What's the logic in that?
Yup I am I no good piece of shit that only cares about myself, and I can't do anything right, thanks for reminding me.
Ross: paradox of hardware modders  personal ownership of corporate products
That mini heart attack you get when you think you lost your bus pass 
Even for someone who cleans his apt regularly, once you move all your stuff out you find out how not clean your place actually was.
looks like we're back!
I love their veggie burger.
It's alot of food, but reheats well for leftovers :
welcome to Evanston!
Lemme know if you're free for lunch while you're here.
i'm just so tired.
school is winding up and work is doctorgging me down.
meh.
RT :Online technology challenges citizens to build better societies, not just revolt against bad ones
alcohol and fast food.
Y tu?
You, my friend, are a machine.
You're doing God's work.
RT : And now my 2013 Mock doctorft has been started.

What's up J!
We hitting the links soon?
Maybe its time to start paul
They're not nude mud wrestling or anything...just in case you thought there were secret women's mud wrestling communities.
The batter batter blast from sonic is the shit!
Did you know that we're OPEN 7 DAYS a week?!
Call/tweet us or just COME IN!
1738 Telegraph Ave Uptown Oakland 5108321100
yea its a shame...
half the NBA is like that,  thats probably generous
TEBOW BETTER GET DOWN ON ONE KNEE OR NEXT WEEK HE'LL BE ON BOTH MAKIN SOME EXTRA CASH
librarianfitnessplan is on rain delay :
People who feel loved live longer; have fewer colds, lower blood pressure and lower cancer rates; and have fewer heart attacks.
mister Steve said u needa bring Ur lazy eyed Ass down here Lol
Ellen Brady buying push polls
Still vexed about not being able to read WaPo online anymore.
Resisting going back to subscriptions.
:
2 recorders is the way to go!
also, sorry, that sucks.
Cinnamon rolls
oh, were going on a date for sure.
Ill even go back there and make it.
Obsessed with the new ep from
Haha I Anti Hiding Ur The One Gay Guy lol I'm All Over The Skool
Might just go to bed.
Last friday of the summer
I hate when I want something and I can't have it.
It's not a feeling I'm used to.
Hey DMac, my sons play football for Kennedy.
Thanks for your generosity running the Colfax for DPS sports!
how can you NOT suspend world peace?
Nigga gave harden a concussion, harden will miss games so its only fair
man I applied 6 places in early April and 5 places since.
Not a single call back.
Just heard my husband come in the door singing Ive got Moves like Jagger...Really??Okay
RT : Is autism on the rise, or are we better at screening?
Watch today live at 5:00 for take.
I hope someone saw that picture!
It was a once in a lifetime opportunity!!!
I can only imagine!
You need hazard pay!
in that case I've doctorven 3 worlds the past 2 days from bmore to sunny florida!
that's much better, thanks!
.
When Paul Aiken of AG spoke at Columbia a few weeks ago, his big concern was a security breach of GBS/libraries destroying market
The NYU Housing web portal is back up.
Sorry for any inconvenience caused by yesterday's outage.
uh, that's not showing me up in class  trust me  students have no impact on my ego ever : lots of little tech I don't know
I'm so 3C and stay Triple C till da death of me......
4 all those that don't know 3rd Coast....
.Cool Calm Collected
Nobody wants to hear this, but sometimes the person you want most, is the person you're best without.
I know the feeling,it must be optimism of the new year.
It just feels good.
They're basically trying to turn into a Huff Post clone.
Sucks.
Really can't think of a better walkon song than Werth's last year:Slash's guitar solo in November Rain.
Badass.
Who's the stinkiest Russian?
Vladimir Pootin'
Must finish epic regression, but mind is not happy.
I need cake, stat!
EAs made a bit of a surprise release today; Battlefield 3: Aftershock is now available for iPad and iPhone via the App Store
St patty's 2012.
Chi town
same here
subwayfitchat depends!
They both have their own benefits.
I thought this was already decided.
;
In honor of doctorke's arrival to Albuquerque, I'll be saying YOLO after all my posts.
YOLO!!
Do you use YouTube as a form of informing yourself on different subjects for work?
What a crazy time in life!
Everything seems to be a reminder that an era is truly and suddenly ending.
Bittersweet.
My school lunch making skills were soundly criticized by the offspring today :/
Are you pulling for Speaker Fitzgerald?
Feeling the excitement at the NY offices today!
PNID Good luck team PN!
takemeout my house is boring as fuck.
five course meal at louie and johnny's..it's a good day 
Almost hit by a car while walking across peachtree in the crosswalk
Just talking football man.
thanks for the retweet!
Simpletons .
.
.
.
im just tryna chill the fuck out
sad.
: He did really well in reserves, I thought!
i was at the best one ever!!!!
I miss him..
I shouldnt have sent that mssg.
I knew it would wake you up..
I asked you to turn your phone on silent but you didnt want to..
i love it.
it's amazing.
:
Part 1 of 4.
Officer Paul Albrecht Violates Kimberguy's Civil Rights on Motorcycle
There were significant increases in the collateral preferences of prospects including white papers 24 from 20102011  case studies 29.
Tour in a day and a half.
Come Friday to our first show in balti!
of coarse hun :
holy crap.
WHATSUP.
Wootwoot, it's the weekend, friends!
Mosey on over!
Beer, wine, pizza, music, fellowship, fun and, um, more pizza!
A man should never neglect his family for business.
Walt Disney
I've been good too bro.
You still play basketball?
stop hating in twilight Sarah:P
Sherry Lake, Senior Scientific Data Consultant UVa.
When you're in a good relationship, even if nothing else in your life is right, you feel like your whole world is complete.
I'm at Parkside having free food and doctornks, but I return to my post soon.
;
Tummy full...
Nap time while watching UFO Files
songsthatmakemewannadie jar of hearts 
finally.
wells fargo and wachovia are one big, happy family.
your right ...i actually like men
Once again
not just sad but sick too!
Smile!
It's Thursday.
Was doing great at secretly staring at the hottie next to me at milk table at Starbucks but messed it up when I poured sugar into my phone.
You ever try to pee standing up with morning wood?
Yeah, that's what happens every day in a strip club bathroom.
doctorgs are a bet with your mind.
Jim Morrison
: I know this is so late but happy birthday!
Your amazing ;
She's real serious .
How recently has anyone told you that you are delightful?
a friend asked me.
I need more of this friend in my life.:
appreciate the love boo!
Go Spurs Go!
Relaxing day cooking and baking with my girlfriend and her daughter.
can you retweet my fire posts?
Thanks!
lol where do you work at?
:
paleo diet starts tomorrow
Which came first, the music or the misery?
the four page paper standing between me and graduation seems like the hardest thing in the world right now.
happy birthday
I want to start a company called EIEIO so that one day I can have an EIEIO IPO.
Probably would take place on a farm.
I've realized April will never have a dad ...
:/
always great to eat at your lovely resto!!!
the fried shrimp dumplings were delish!!!
Go on.
Buzz me up
did u see jamel for luke rindor trade rumors!!
Did I tell u months ago we go get that guy?
Lol
your obsession 
RT Scitum est inter caecos luscum regnare posse.
It is well known, that among the blind the oneeyed man is king.
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity.
What happened?!
I didn't see you at the reception!
There's a new STD out there , its called feelings ..
don't catch that !
Somebody please tell Buss Jr.
that Lamar should stay.
Let go of Pau first.
Google sold sketchup!
nothing singular, but Fred Brooks and Richard Gabriel are great process thinkers.
CMU does a lot of research in that area.
Flying a Kite
you wouldn't be you if you weren't quirky!
I hate the EZ payment place!!!!
so true.....Stockton has seen his best days
That's awesome
Found out I have to read a book for school.
SMH
ha!
probably.
there were not that many there when i went, and it is closing soon.
no how could you?!
The Wiggles are going to be in Sacramento!!!!!
My childhood tv show!
Oh yeah, I'm so going!
:D
I want a tattoo in Korean writing half way down my spine
Today is the last day to enter for your chance to win Smashbox makeup.
RT this for your chance to win!
I am indeed
I did.
The trilogy was wonderful.
um where can I sign up for this KARE you speak of?
I need it.
Badgers needed a timeout sooner and Gasser needs to pull the trigger
just go to play.clubpenguin.com xD
Hi Garry, thanks for following.
Nice dog blog!
We would love to hear some of your stories.
Happy Birthday guys!
Monkey Bar's New Twitter Account!
Thanks for the follow from a fan!
i hate being sick maybe ill go outside and hope it helps...
Optimism rules for 2012
OOHH MANN THAT WOULD BE AMAZING.
funny how people I know in real life didn't download my tape but perfectly good strangers have.
I need another handle.
Wonder if is taken?
I will Love You for You...
Not for who you will become!
seriously you are the digi fundoctorising ninja and i only have about 400 more questions.
you're gonna be sorry you met me.
The nations leading scientists predict that 90 of all shower curtains are uggo
Good luck Lady Rattlers!
State 3peat!
Saw one of my old mentors, Gordon, from my days at Universal Music Group today at OHOP.
That made this entire trip worth it.
I'm pretty much depressed:
Can't wait till Austin lives in Miami :
just showed my friend AngelsAndGentlemen she loves it!
Not only did I NOT flush it, I left the seat up.
RT : did you flush it?
Hooray!
My pal Eleanor's novel, Ten Thousand Saints is out and racking up great reviews everywhere.
Go buy it now.
And follow:
Left my phone in a cab this morning.
Sent a message via Find My...
app.
Picked up phone from stranger.
before close  the bumper is completely detached  in pieces, the impact bar is destroyed  the frame is jacked up.
Not that bad, my ass.
likewise : We're still making jokes about going out for 'tortilla soup' after work.
Or maybe at loex2013?
Keep in touch...
I'm hearing the threat targeted the HRC bldg.
Scary.
Dumb tits
Help spread the RubinFrankel Gallery love will ya?
Which is why the bite and the sting understand each other.
it seemed sincere to me anyways.
imo
Good HelloMornings Naomi!
Glad U Joined us!
doing Focused15 LoveYa!
: Hey hmcct GirlsMeet our New Sister!
:D
totally digging your blog, love the visuals
Of course!!!
We only know forms of payment in cheesecake.
I call mine Helga.
Not in a nice way.
If it wasn't so far and if I could afford to doctorve their twice a day I would, but one trip/day is all I'm alotted
Long time friends Joe Bluhm  Moonbot Studios won an oscar for Best Short Animated Film........dude has always been out of control talented
thanks.
It's been a great win for us and video crowdsourcing as a whole.
Like I said ...
Great advice...watch email bounces and use as prompt to network with the contact
I'm off bih
Thank you :
so fresh that u were watching the fight!
It was a good one!
Ur a grt sports fan!
When you hire people that are smarter than you are, you prove that you are smarter than they are.
I'd like to see that.
Every day I see this guy and every day I think he looks more and more like Albert Einstien
Just finish watching it, damn good movie, I need them 2 rescue me if i was ever a POW !!!RT : Act of Valor
gonna be a fun one!
Can't wait for to see if will take home another win...
longer than it will for people to stop supporting Bill Maher, who has said much worse things
Damn my girl look good with a bowl full of chili
well, that's a bummer.
I could ask a hundoctord more questions, but I'll wait til I see you next.
Heal fast and heal well.
Congratulations Jo!
Great news!
Try Sleeping With A Broken Heart
I hates me some onions, but they do make soup better.
Try a pineapple Dole Whip!
:
Sry u busted 2day.
I consider u a very dear friend of mine and apologize if my jokes went to far.
Honestly, I think u play great.
Haha they can't find the puck!!
Ok thats all I will say.
Unless u request more updates.
Goodmorning : how r u feeling today?
Thanks to Megan Zimmerman and for providing gr8t insights  info re mobile today during the AMAMilw tweetchat!
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 5
Oh dear, I think this is what they mean by being 'in the weeds'!
So much to do!
On the plus side, I don't have to brave Friday pm traffic!
Hey, you better follow me sucka!!
Internet Marketing Success Tip: Concentrate on giving people high quality value in your niche, more value you give the more you will get.
Bamboo is the largest grass in the world, in solid conditions can grow 3 feet in a day
because dental care is so expensive and the next segment was about towns in the south with no water or electricity.It was very sad.
got it...
i like the retro feel of it.
but to each his own!
Rates just jumped a bit.
Call me for a free quote 5128528883 or apply online at www.amcaphomeloan.com
Teens, join us Saturday for a cupcake demo!
It's bound to be very tasty!
7:30 p.m.
at 311 S.
Madison.
FREE!
Spring cleaning is great way to purge negative energy from the past.
we needa start pushing the party!
i do xD
: I love the green machine no doubt!
Man I'm Tryna watch that may weather fight
Who is watching the GRAMMYs right now?
Why am I awake...smh
Don't say it unless you mean it.
And if you mean it, be ready to prove it ' 
When something good happens, I always take a sec to thank
And the bus bully strikes again.
Attending session: Content as a Means for Social Change with Biz Stone of Twitter fame
wats up.i heard the wedding this week....
teen panelists are saying Twitter is next thing for teens moving away from Facebook
Just watched Nashville by made me want to cry.
I miss Nashville so much!
I support Dannon's Cups of Hope Program.
Go to cupsofhope.com to donate at least .10 to National Breast Cancer Foundation.
via
I will always love Huggy Bear.
What are the members up to now?
you're back in D.C.!
Vacation?
And ONLY those two figures after, I mean.
Got one for .60 not long ago.
Morning lovelies!
Well, thanks.
Maybe it wasn't a complete waste of time.
Young son: Daddy, don't eat the brown or yellow snow.
A better message on another guy's shirt: Don't just be social, be relevant
If it's a fight they want, it's a fight they'll get...
Manningham  Manning  ham
NBCnightly news does a feature on pinterest it's time to move on to the next thing
Thank you for the RT!!!
I appreciate it!!
I've seen the argument on other sites and I believe ours wins by a few months.
Vanessa Hudgens' Leggy Shopping Spree  Celebuzz
I live even closer to you now...so just let me know when you find it and I'm on my way to get it..
I hope you didn't get caught by the RA.
:
followed u.
Don't miss seeing this weekend!
BERNIE had a great opening so keep it going.Support great indie filmmaking!
it appears the military is still far away from everyone being equal.
Thx again to all attending today's Creating Powerful Radio Wkshp including  team
Rihanna Could Head to the Studio With Barbra Streisand for Duets Album
I'd think there'd be a decent amount of French spoken in your neck of the woods!
Full weekend of diving.
Deco procedures this weekend.
Stoked for scuba w/
No, YOU better check our maps within our picture folder!!!!!
smile
doctornking my Advocare Spark.
Better than coffee for mental focus, energy, nutrition.
No crash and burn.
www.advocare.com/11015117
Thank you!
, ,  to everyone who has extended their congratulations on our 2,500 followers!
aww that's cute lol finally a middle name without marie ..
is not concerned with the very poor.
He says it's those of us with a home and regular access to food that are struggling.
I dont know much about NCAA hoops, but if Im in a bar fight Ill take Gates over Sullinger and thus the 7.5.
how you been?
: BFD 2012 fun fact: it's on a Saturday this year!
bfd2012  yay
Obviously Bothered getting me through my doctorve...AH YEAH
It's a difficult place to be w/ normal college students, ppl in relationships and no one.
I think today is going to be a good day.
I really don't know the last time I saw her in anything.
Wasn't she in 'misterGoodbar'?
Ima start using joint paper instead of cigarillos
Oh, and any ideas on terrible albums of 2010?
There were a ton of them!
357: Today I had a visit with my lifelong friend Marcy, and I'm so grateful to have seen her while she's in town!
Thank you for your very gracious comments, Bobbin!
Probably will get them :
YouKnowYouredoctornkWhen you insult TVD...jk you're just crazy.
I like random spontaneous weirdo girls
i like how you wont let me watch the baseball game  cause you know, its totally not my favorite sport
Love Holly, you look amazing tonight, and you have grown so much throughout the season!
Just voted for excited about 4 more years.
Agenda item 1take back our schools
I'm not in Madison where will u be?
The whole famdamnily is at my house chillin.
Keep thinking I have not had enough to doctornk.
Radio Tokyo tonight!
I Live my life as an artist.
end of the day,i will be known 4 music,my story telling, good looks:hope u live as u believe as well!
You say goodbye, I say hello
thanks...it is a great day!
A pound cake?
Wow, impressive!
I don't even think I can do that?
:
Always keep ya head up!!
www.SuperImpactfitness .com check it out
Missing my curly curls :/
The sun is out!
Time to start running the screen print presses full throttle again!
4th page and I am on my conclusion Sleep 3333
Just saw a kid wearing an AngryBirds shirt and shorts
30 more mins until Silent Auction A closes.
Make sure you get your face item!
Strange..
Liquid..
Spheres..
Falling..
From..
Sky..
perfect moment would be when you follow me !
Please follow me back 
oh and just because you have been on the radio for a long time doesn't mean your worth a shit
Im good at expressing myself verbally...
vaforum12 Great way to wrap up a conferencesession on Virginia wines.
Carole Nash is telling us abt Belmont, oncefamous 19th c vineyard.
indeed I.
Do!
Join us for the WGBiz chat with This month's topic The Myth of the Personal Brand
lol boi plzzz im atthe top of the list ....u waitin on me im not waitin for u
We even have a network in El Paso, Texas!
Check it out
Thanks, so glad you noticed!
So worth it for the looks I got.
RT : I like how she's posed on an airport chair.
guest DJ's filling in for Laura Steele today Jody Shelley and Jamie Baker of the Sharks!
Seeing The 25th annual Putnam County spelling bee tonight :
Preparing for my afternoon interview with John Cusack at C2E2 .
Followers, got any question suggestions?
I like saying hi to people!!!
State of Union!!
My first in the USA
Ahee.
I'm Savannah
What a night!
I'm so hype on life right now.
Wish I could be at IMS though.
That'd be the icing on the cake.
everyone home safely?
I am!
Reply yes to let me know when you are home.
Fun doctorve to Seattle!
mirror image of game 2.
Poor execution and rebounding cost us.
ALMOS had my voice back for a second there...
maybe next week
have read 4 different dissertations today that did the Methods Chapter 4 different ways  does that mean I can do whatever I want?
Oh gorgeous
ConfessionTime When I was little I used to think yogurt made me smarter :s
Just got scratched up by this ol crazy azz gurl
Its weird getting excited about a game I have no chance at winning.
Now I know how Cubs fans feel.
: If they don't play Call Me Maybe tomorrow I'll murder someone Da fuck you think Prom is at?
Club pegasus?
RT : RT : Rays Will Rhymes has passed out on the field after being by a pitch in the arm.
::: dying ::: RT : hey babe.
What pattern did you cut the lawn with tonight?
you still tryna stay tomorrow ?
: lol u already know!
Ha
Lets go sporting
I can't stand ms.blewetts voice .
Practice makes perfect, but I believe practice makes progress.
There's no perfection but there is definitely progress
Thanks for following my twitter Sulema.
Smile because it happened, nice, that's a positive spin.
I met the surgeon general  he offered me a cigarette.Rodney Dangerfield
what did you think of Obama's support of SSM?
After spending 3x longer in the airport then in the air, I am in NY.
Please get me back to DC on time on Sunday.
Not bad, Danny  Anyone else in the clubhouse thinking about what their choices will be?
There is no you, there is only me.
Main problem with GIS, Peter Bol reminds us, is that time is not included as an attribute of space.
Never apologize for showing ur true feelings
225 green view belleville WI just listed.
Look it up.
Now off to Show a country home today.
Then writing an offer on a Madison lake home.
for some reason this tweet just came to us : hope you didn't eat bad snacks!
what'd you end up having?
bout to tell this nigga to fuck of..
Awww the window washer just called me beautiful...
Awww shucks!!!
I think I want to join a band.
Anyone need the services of a 15year rhythm guitarist can do solo breaks when the band needs to take a leak?
No problem!
:Doing anything excitimg this weekend?
Are there any bands out there who want to donate CDs/merch for Love4Haiti benefit on Saturday?
yeah especially when the coach doesn't even care about his team anymore.....
I still love little TJ saying hello at the bottom.
: And it's official, Davonte Neal is off to...
Notre Dame!
that really is a bust.
Who knows the whole story but sounds bad.
hungry  sober.
While Yall Hoes Fucking For Me And My Bitch Trying To Get Rich.........
In My Trina Voice
Hey Chicago!
We want hear your favorite genre of music?
Matt Kemp is on pace for 97 home runs.
Addicted to doctorw something.
Thanks
SaaS is a more effective way to deliver value to our customers.
Tom Ebling,CEO, Demandware
Have I told you the joke about the moldy cheese?
I probably shouldn't.
I could spoil the ending.
when is ur birthday???
Have questions?
We have answers!
We've added realtime live chat to our website.
We're online during our normal business hours.
fine, may your elected mode of transportation safely get you to your desired location.
How you doing
and  are our AmAzInG sponsors!!
my parents are coming from Turkey on Wed and we will have a 4th for canasta :
then you're an artist.
one lady said 'when I put on a doctorss, it's art.
when I walk, it's art'.
what you need headshot for?
what an awesome varient :P I bet its value is a ton!!
Just sorting through emails and photos from single, avaliable men.
I have a rough job, but I do it all for
The first step in getting people to own their stuff starts with a good, long look in my own mirror.
hey this is dark secret and we were wondering if yuh can help us with sum betz for this summer?
Contact us kalabrown35
at the doctornking with dave reese come have one with us Horny Goat Hideaway 2011 s 1 street
: no.
It was my father and he was scholarly.
Always making me think..
I like it.
I had one of those fathers too.
:
Thx to for the DVD.
And thx to for having a kick ass podcast I enjoy listening to the show
That ride home was way too entertaining
I can text whoever I want.
Programbased embedding: the importance of physical location, as well as curriculum.
Can't agree more on location pt.
I need to start going to church routinely again.
I wish Comcast still carried universal sports!!
Thanks for the kazoo!
Daughter might become professorssional!
thank god the brewer game is on.
cant stand the knicks and the heat series.
Bet they're AB testing Obama email subject lines right now.
Give 3 and Biden might jump out of your wedding cake!
Strength is not only surviving, but admitting your mistakes, realizing your weaknesses, acknowledging your accomplishments and taking action
woohoo!!
2nd grade science reports pay off yet again!
Awesome meeting you all tonight!!!
Have a good day, Stu!
:
You're welcome!
The po po is really messin with us.
March is split!!!
I'm getting angry
Could it be 9 already?!?
Getting impatient!
itshardwhen you are tryna revise , and the darts final is on...
come on
Thank you for the mention!
ComeBlendWithUs!
Oh no!
That guy is creepy.
Minn.
Senate eyes user fees for Vikings stadium
Oops.
I didn't notice that that was a retweet.
Egg on my face, sir!
Welcome Back!
Great lunch today at the The Meatball sub was awesome!
Don't sweat the technique.
so far, the majority says yes interesting.
First session of Day 2: The Future of CSS w/ Eric Meyer, author of CSS: The Definitive Guide
Thank you to for having me on tonight.
Had a great conversation about the WarOnWomen in WI and beyond.
i would have....
so dont say no one...
:D have a good day
Thanks.
See you next month for the SPOKES event?
I Never Lost My Touch With Spalding
I'm gonna go ahead and call this: Sweden, Finland, Russia.
stopsayingthat once u hit the megamillions u gonna tell everybody 2 kiss yo ass lol Look after taxes and yo debts we see how much you have
DC with FLEX.
fun!
Lol, the troll!
Staying focused on wholeness and client advocacy is my main goal for today.
Who Run The World!
Beyonce ROCK ON!
Twitter is addicting.
cool!
Very welcome.
Love your site!
Welcome home.
Appreciate ya.
That dancing guy they just showed is going to be in my nightmares tonight.
I know it.
Hey Interior Designers, where do you manage your portfolio?
trending all day baby!
Good luck on it!
I want one!!!
How can I get one??
breathing is mainstream umm..
Fine i'll go with the first one :
and the took my secret stalk method away too.
I can't read others timelines now
Thanks : not really trying to make it big, just focusing more on living off nonexclusive licensin.
It's more realistic
Any SC PR pros w/ tips?
RT : on the prowl for job in branding, SM, and/or strategic marcomm in Charleston.
any leads?
i had a feeling abel was gonna favorite that
Got the results of my MyersBriggs Type Indicator.
I'm a ESTP which means Extraversion,Sensing, Thinking, Perceiving.
Interesting......
Asset based lending for healthcare www.doralhealthcarefinance.com Lending against Medicare, Medicaid, Commercial and Institutional A/R
Check out our online merch store and our iTunes page!
We appreciate any support you can give us!
Good defense, better offense
I CANT WAIT FOR BELIEVE!
I have to wait extra because its coming out when im not able to get it, BUT IM
RT : To avoid trouble, breath through your nose; it keeps your mouth shut.
I saw James Dean work magic in East of Eden last night.
I still think she's a bitch
that guy from Copa Di Vino just come back to get more exposure for himself or what?
Didn't seem interested in money from the tank
you the one beefin on twitter I just wanna fight
Sometimes, a workout is so tough, I think I'd rather be fat.
Nervous I won't be ready today...
Being sick all weekend sucked.
Time to shower.
Lawn is a mess.
I give up.
Need a Milwaukee area Co.
that can get rid of my dandelions.
What's happening in your world ?
Weeks are whizzing by over here.
Coming my way anytime soon?
ff  you should know this guy, trust me.
Bryzgalov is another failure in a long list of failed goalies for the
Get the work done, and have a great time doing it.
Experience, again and again, the priceless satisfaction of a job well done.
My dad n me are watchin softball man I miss the good ol days.
Some of the best memories I have are from playin softball.
2nd base bitch 
hey 3 3 how are you?
Recommend The Last Place on Earth by Huntford to really understand 20 mi.
march concept
It would make a huge difference.
We would become a more literate society.
It'd be great!
I be
And we're back.
Z105.
CTA says service on the Blue Line has resumed with residual delays.
Dangerously intense lightning storm.
Rapid buildup.
Does anyone know what happened to
listening to grownup music, working on grownup things...
Had a blast tonight for our meeting!
Excellent customer service!
Thank you!
Thanks for following!
Look forward to checking our your tweets!
Yikes!
Quickly grab a Boulevard and you might undo the damage.
Society of Hosteurs Covenant House Toy doctorve www.nyit.edu/index.php/management/announcements/societyofhosteurscovenanthousetoydoctorve/
At rehearsal for William Ingh's Picnic
We were blown away by the combined power of the chorus and symphony at rehearsal last night.
Looking fwd to ending this season w/ a bang!
1st class volume down by 25 since 2006 MT ...basic first class model is perfectly serviceable..
anybody else have an amazing day like I did?!?:
get this, a history professorssor told me that liberals use the word bigot to end conversations with those that disagree about gay marriage.
UKWB sells out against Alabama, winless in the SEC, while LSU men's basketball can not sell out against 1 Kentucky.
pretty remarkable
!
SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX..
SEXY..SEXY..
GOGO DANCERS....SEE THE PICTURES  WWW.G1PARTY.COM
at the barn grooming my horse getting gritty and dirty.
what do you love to get gritty and dirty for?
lmao I got the same numbers 4 TD's and 2 picks...TRAW island
yo my bro k lo k loko
Uhmmmm...
agreed!
doctoroling Wish I'd had a piece of this yesterday ;
Girlfriend!
You MUST warn people not to have a beverage in their mouths when they read this.
Or be prepared to wipe screens.
It was poppin in OTR tonight!
Beads were flying out to the full house at Motr!
Happy Mardi Gras!
Woman sexually assaulted on a local college campus.
Police release surveillance pic of attacker.
Story at 5:30 on
...um what to wear for SixFlags ???
I need to go doctorss and sandal shopping
Got an email from Northwest Archivists about a conference.
Opened it because the subject was NWA 2012.
Not the NWA I was hoping for.
get yourself some frozen bags of peas!!!
lol, to each his or her own; hope you have a great day ahead of yourself despite it beginning outside of your comfort zone...
get over yourself not everything is about you
qirl depends if we rollin wit some chromes spinners or a donut
haha ya so what's up?
Who matters most to you says the most about you.
Mass Mutual
Backhanded compliments are the bane of polite society.
All y'all are beautiful.
you gotta be real eassy bubby
A cloudy mind makes you feel it will rain forever
Haircut bound!
OH My mouse is in the closet!
Think he might have a new Magic Trackpad?
Or is it something more Jedi?
Get to be on the floor today!!!
I had 2 choke slam last nite
Thanks for the retweet.
What area of FL do you live in.
I'm in Orlando.
saw kick ass on stage at your Halloween party!
sexxxi as f is in Ep 2
I need espresso in solid form.
That's how potent it needs to be.
Congrats to Virginia Elite 13U Snell  David Walls for being named tournament MVP
You bet!
I can still smell the soaps, soo good!

all because the presale code was all over twitter..it really isn't too hard to go to the website and look.
Exciting announcement: I'm partnering with to bring you the Seattle Asian Am Film Fest in 2013.
Details coming!
told u it was going to rain
one more thing before i get off line never back down if you be leave you can do it you can if you never give up you can that's how i made it
how your day ?
would love to see Bruins offer him that type of deal.He's well worth it IMO.
But w/ their cap model won't allow it
Wow...weird!
Why are so many so stressed?
Perhaps the stupid weather?
Deadlines?
Something is not quite aligned...

Let's not lose our heads here.
Last thing we want to do is insult tornadoes.
Zingy succotash and spicecrusted pork a lively dinner duo
diggin your pic...
Very pretty and cute
and the coolcreekconcertseries at :
That's cool.
I hate everyone.
Hahaha
Dear Mom, because of you I'm who I am today.
You carried me for 9 months and raised me.
You're a strong woman.
HappyMothersDay I love you
?
More like
Jus saw a limo at the Waffle House.
Haha
Q: how many free beers have I had?
A: yes.
was gud ms.Kay
i cant believe its the last episode of desperatehousewives ever :
Making a cameo tonight in DC, make sure you catch me there tmister for my full set  Every Saturday Night!
Many thanks, Jenny.
And thanks for your early support of the book!
Found my old thehushsound cd in my car, best car ride ever.
Yes the unisex is a little hard.
AA is pretty consistent.
Run a bit smaller.
What's everyone's thoughts on the Badgers game?
We'll RT your responses for all of our followers to see!
Lion king  tai food.
Happy cinco de mayo?
Um, that's not my mom's name, Tara.
ok...watching TheKilling.....is Holder dead or alive...
When your ex says You'll never find someone like me Reply with Thats the point 
what's up with the buxter comment from last night
Ill text you.
A lovely lady shouldnt be alone ;
I have to join in one evening
Do we need to teach every class every day?
2nd Place in misterMater and 1st Place in Audience Favorite yuhh good job everyone!
Shine responsibly!
How do you score a four on the Wonderlic?
Morris Claiborne had to have purposely shrugged it off or something.
OK.
She's not my favorite singer either.
Today's music for the most part overall is crap.
It's going in the wrong direction.
It's official: I am my dad.
Only instead of yelling about minutes, I yell about mobile data usage.
It doesn't grow on trees, you know.
His braces r gone, he's moving to Miami, making new music less ustreams..
everythings happening so fast I cant keep up.
I'm so proud thoughh
Def sad.
She's very brave.
I just hope she lets herself heal and seeks help when in need of it.
Oh lullaby of birdland that's what I always hear, when you sigh / Never in my wordland could there be ways to reveal in a phrase how I feel
Tell me, when your men slaughtered Ned Stark's men in the throne room, did you give the order?
Tyrion
Between getting sick and getting busy, I will be unable to finish my cssoff entry.
Good luck to the rest.
Can't wait to see what you did.
np, just one brother helpin another brother out.
followed follow me
did you play at Broome CC?
Paul Silas out as the Bobcats head coach.
Greetings, Oliver!
oh snap!
Prediction of an optimistic Louie, this season.
Interesting, powered by Yinzcam
I love u
All right, all you party prom people, be good to each other and watch out.
Lmaooo : Teachers straight off the boat, I need subtitles to understand them sometimes...
dhs
Keep your vehicle running cool this summer by ensuring adequate coolant protection.
We'll test your vehicle's coolant at any Express Lube.
If It Was Up To Me, I Would Be Chillen With Youu This Weekend Instead Of Going To My Mom's.
Just Cause I Miss You So Fuckingg Much.
3
Only when my legs feel like they need more exercise than usual.
5 to Wikipedia that was long overdue
Yes, please!
we're all ready be together for this wedding!
And you can doctorve!
yes MyDick and it's amazingly clean:
I hate the doctors office : they have a bad fish that's all by its self..
Gah.
I freakin hate my glasses .
But I love being able to see.
:
im sorry ur getting divorced his loss ur any mans doctoram girl:
edshow Mitt Romney plans to fix poor people's holes.
YEAH.
My company's twitter feed is almost at 50k followers.
Great source for PR and news  plus the tweeters behind it are awesome :
But a wise prince knows an uneducated populace is easier to govern.
r u making another book???
i hope so 3
3 solutions to every problem: accept it, change it, leave it.
If you can't accept it, change it.
If you can't change it, leave it.
Callie is to stupid for me lol :
Today, Senate Republicans block student loan bill
Your cheating on me?
Wow..
He was right!
Great..
if you find out let me know.
I fail at designing power points :
This game goin so hard
and I have a smart mouth.
win for mouth .
FOLLOW BACK PLEASE
do you know if the Facebook everyone is adding is real?
isTurnedOnby the simple stuff ;; like the way u whisper in my ear :P
nice!
Get them to fight in the QA.
Be far better than the standard QA horseshit
: Woman at airline ticket counter: Have a great flight.
Me: You too.
EVERYTIME haha!
Makes me laugh when people do this!!
Thank you!
So good to see your smiling face tonight :
Wishing all moms a wonderful Mother's Day.
Last show of JUDGMENT AT NUREMBERG.
It's been a great ride.
Sad to see it end...
Thanks for the follow, CinemaSuicide!
So happy to have found your website...
Ditto.
Namely lust, sloth, 
village, are you doing mission work?
To paraphrase Missouri Hall of Famer Mark Twain, The reports of Rush Limbaugh's greatness are greatly exaggerated.
Great  thank you.
And thank you for your support of writers doing this work; so important
balls got big  golf Tourny , thanks again Bro .
You helped buy a leg for a kid !!!!!
please reply or call me!
Business Plan Competition Presentations tonight at 6:15 in the ESB!
good luck you guys!!
We're going to be debuting a song from our new EP over at absolutepunk.net today, keep your eyes peeled!
on the eway already
...
You 2 are TeamLucky ...
I just have to sit and watch.
Cant badmouth any team : This sucks.
God help me.
just finished watching.
OMG OMG OMG!
How are we gonna survive on that cliffhanger until September?
Michael Jordan scored 38 points...with the stomach flu.
If that's not inspiration enough for a Chicago kid....
Why when you need 13 yards do you pass it 3...
Schools for the 
check out my book Detroit based lesbian female running an escort service!
X click link on my page
Book on saleslion blog has free downloadable book on marketing
Many companies use analytics, not all of them win with analytics.
Nathaniel Lin, Analytics Executives Network
: he speak : Romney for natural marriage, Obama for unnatural marriage.
and Bryan calls himself a Christian?!?
feed9b Nine in Madison.
Just where I am....
hmm, maybe we should start personalizing all of our brochures for mcdm alum...
I remember my first time calculating a satellite's fall back into earth
I like this bird living in my plant.
He stands on our deck rail  chirps extra loud when we play music.
...and I figured Eddie had all the people he needed.
Know how to garnish food so that it is more appealing to the eye and even more flavorful than before.
Marilyn vos Savant
policies are for user objects unless otherwise configured
Lol I Know Right !
When you doctorp your phone and your scared to look at it to see if the screen is broken...
The History Of The Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition by bgpappa
FWIW: Grisly is NOT the same as gristley.
Even though both can be disgusting.
I think it might be!!
It's either librarianship or libraryschool ...
I haven't figured out which...
Good Night!
:
I cant wait till tomorrow, thats when my weekend lifts off.
Friday:Homecoming game/F.L.I, Saturday: Rubys :DD
mom chill
THE RETURN OF MONTA.
Thank you, Tamie!
I'm happy to hear it: RT Just wanted to say I'm really enjoying With Good Behavior :
I love Snooki and JWOWW but I have neer seen a whole episode of Jersey Shore ever.
Minute here minute there's about it.
creepy kitty
If u under 25 and u not gettin pussy atleast 4x a week n u gotta girl
NO BRO!
I hate you.
Your just gay not being loud.
:/ talkbro.
i kid, I kid.3
Javale slip screens are the funniest
Today I am La Paz.
I am going to look for the place they invented the Paz Dispenser.
What?
Oh, how embarassing...
There is a positive and a negative side, and at every moment I decide.
re: APA citations.
Certainly the lengthy 9th ed.
APA Style book has lacunnae!
happy mothers day!
1yearago Assad thought he could stop the arabspring from coming to Syria.
He was wrong.
So considering it's a leap does that mean we celebrate the day of our babies on April 13?
I have sent submission after submission this past week.
I am gettin' tired easy.
Does anybody got an easier way?
Just read your interview in The Signal!
So glad you're leading such a great event and getting the word out in a big way!
Giroux/Crosby will be better over the long haul than Ovechkin/Crosby
Watching this beast ass zombie movie.
When I listened to him, I couldn't tell if he ws serious, I felt like someone was playin a joke on me ha
so true
is trying to figure out why she can not log into FB!!
tip to make mail a success...RT : identical mailings, 1 white, other colored paper; colored paper showed 20 incr.
in response
Matt Smith announces 1 More Year left of DoctorWho at the NationalTVAwards as he confirms he is heading to Hollywood.
Raise a toast to St.
Joe Strummer.
I think he might have been our only decent teacher.
dave is right, it's so hot outside you could fry an egg
iLoove it when you give me head, but iHatee it when you give me headachees!
xD can't get enoughh!
ok Preshus don't get beside yourself
tell people to follow I am having a contest with my friend
Gretna senior center to stay put
Oh, I think u will LOVE Gone Girl.
Totally agree she's a complete rock star.
Sick and twisted stories?
Yes please!
so and i seem to have similar tastes in guys.
but i have one question, how do you feel about Nick Simmons??
You're right, Slennon Skarsgård.
Sorry,
All praises to the most high for allowing me another day
I lost someone who i love very but i am trying to let go
: yes.
you know i love to cook for you.
3 And only mee of course3 :
Hayden is Tweeting
Oh!
I have a good one.
Just because you think you're better than everyone else, doesn't mean you can get whatever you want.
awe blush ALERT haha!
:
Can't sleep :c
STWSE could be a late day runner, watching to see if any big sell orders flash on L2.....
Just say Blueberry Hill...
She'll get it several years from now!
congrats, , on your new teaching position!
If we were all rich we all would be miserable because everyone would be the same Cheergirl333
Have you ever been to the MFA Summer Friday?
Is it fun?
muse2012 Matthew, my sentiments exactly.
I calendared a registr reminder for Feb 1 2013 for
If nothing else this Sarah Phillips story is very interesting.
Why is NeverEnding story not on Netflix streaming?
How will my Sunday be complete?
Can you follow me?33
new evil eyes single doctorppn tuesday!
The imagination is literally the workshop wherein are fashioned all plans created by man.
Napolean Hill
u tryna do what I showed u with my hands in LA?
Lol
AG Van Hollen has appealed both judges' decisions.
Supreme Court is expected to take up the matter, but hasn't scheduled a hearing yet.
the electronic show in vegas
I so enjoy a good nights sleep.
The older I get the more I appreciate rest.
LOL
We are so excited to be partnering with for our New Belgium Office Olympics!
Phoenix Coyotes GM Don Maloney announced today that the Coyotes have traded the negotiating rights of G Ilya Bryzgalov to the Flyers
It might be time for a food processor.
Anyone have any thoughts on what to get or whether to even get one or not?
It's KinkiThursday!
Wow!!
Harsh.
I can make jokes and the next time I see you i'll prove it :
I am at peace with that mighty sacrifice...
you looked so cute sleeping on Anthony's shoulder
Q1 The digital divide is still alive and well.
Sometimes a circulating copy of a 2010 Encyc.
Brit.
is the best a kid can do for hw
Mean ASS Trigga Nigga Wont Follow Me..!!!!
catch us this Sunday night at the when we open for THE VIBRATORS !!
Hope is like a road in the country; there was never a road, but when many people walk on it, the road comes into existence.
Missing my momma today.
Hope she has a wonderful Mothers Day BBQ with all the fam :
Today was an ok day
I love Jurassic park but everytime I get to the cow seen I wonder why I watch this movie
Right on.
Silence is not golden when it comes to bullying.
you guys seem so happy now..
:
Um sir?
I'm not sure your pimp walk and lack in ability to wear your pants properly, qualifies you to be able to park in a handicap spot.
hahaha.
You wrote dunk
does anyone have any good ideas for a response to literature unit?
These barriers prevent people from getting tested, receiving treatment, and clearing themselves of this disease
Before WDW had all the physical caches pulled, yes.
There were only a few, but we got them.
In 2002, we placed one at IOA.
Cheers!
wont be able to play tonight man  prob wont be on to play much for a few weeks
Anemia sucks.
I wanna go to Canobie Lake wicked bad....
u called it
Wowza!
RT : MyDumbCoworker said don't altercate the form.
Can't have no altercations on it.
Reading outside again for lunch...
just over heard: yeah there were a bunch of older women there  they were like 26?
LOL!!
OUCH!!
It's hard sometimes!
Rewards for completing UR workout goal, not food!
A buddy 2 keep U going or tweet us  we'll push U to go!
I could really use some pinchers of peril right now.
Will they let people come in and help?
We're catching a bus down there from Oak Park to help!
:
WE WILL HUG.
And maybe that should be a thing.
DearTeenMe author hugs.
If God came to youand told you that He had lost a million Black childoctorn to violenceover the past 20 years..
I hate it when 60 Minutes is delayed by a football game when the Giants or Jets are losing badly
You're stealing away every part of my heart, come and replace all my selfish ways
Idc how old I am E.L.Fudge cookies are bomb
Hey..hows everyone ?
Epic MedSpa is offering 50 worth of delightful services for just 25!
Don't miss it  www.crowdclick.com!
Who stopped?
: If I hear one more Christmas song...
I'm jumping off the bridge on my lunch break.
hahahahaha
I think misterBillings is officialy CRAZY
I wanna either go to Hollywood arts or house of Anubis, those are my top 2 schools
I'm terrified too.
I'm just trying to remind myself that I'm also an angry loudmouth feminist who votes.
Tonight, midnight 1 or 2 new songs debut.
Faith, hope and love!
Are the airlines just screwing with ?
They could show but not book a flight; suspiciously, 's website had no problems
So much for wolf boy.
About to ring the bell at NASDAQ, hope my smile works
Hey CBS renew RulesOfEngagement already!
Glad you liked it...
let us know what you think!
Would love feedback.
So apparently the hashtag SomeWomenCantStand is NOT about female paraplegics.
Everything Iz Purple SWAGG A...B.H.H
Inside the Eagles: Eagles made critical plays to sustain 18play TD march How many storylines can you cram into one doctorve?
Plenty.
Especi
LiesIveToldMyParents they changed my schedule I dont have 1st period anymore
ill be depressed and lay around and do nothing and just be miserable
mike or Andoctorw I guess haha and that's cool..
W.21daypurificationprogram.com thank you wssmiami for a phenom day!!
Incredible program with incredible peeps!!!
MiVi  badass u roc!
Today is just one of those days were its raining out and all you do is stay in your pjs all day watching Disney3
oh so secretive...
5 more games...
Was so excited for soup that I burned my tastebuds right off.
F'in a.
Now I can't sleep
I'll mark my calendar for sure
Thanks to everyone who joined us for the sdsurfcup!
What a great weekend!
Single and broke im living the doctoram
Authors Guild : open access inimical to authors  academic authors disagree!
gbs
well see what we can do for you on the next giveaway
It is jumping off the cliff and trusting there will be a net.
Or some comfy pillows.
:
wassup man I really need u to mix and master these tracks I heard some of work on youtube it sound prefect
Before I finish my homework, I'm going on a rant.
it feels so nice to not do work in ap class!!!
PS Thank you for the compliment.
After loosing 100 lbs and changing my life I started to dance like no one was watching
uhm not yet misterremember o said it was dumb?
Haven't really changed my mind yet :
haha I can always totally go for a brownie : RT Could totally go for a brownie...
Oh, Steven Tyler is from Boston.
I knew there was a reason I disliked him so much.
..Some people, eager for money, have wandered from the faith and pierced themselves with many griefs.
Great things are possible only to strong souls and its from the trivial events of daily life that strength is won.
L.W.
Rogers
RT : 4 years ago today, Sen.
Ted Kennedy endorsed Sen.
Barack Obama at in Washington.
A pivotal moment in '08 race.
Good morning to you...
Girl, Boys and Couples....
Beaver fever, : R.I.P.
It just makes you that much closer to being called a Silver Fox :
Great idea!
Please give them to someone who deserves them.
How the fuck is this suppose rivalries when I can't even fuckin reach you
guess what!
doubt it!!
Lmao I won, woo
were you joking about being the next.female asian rapper?
If not, i support that yo!
And didn't the free energy thing involve gold or copper bits being released into the air?
2 love is nothing 2 be loved is something 2 love and be loved is everything I am nothing youre something so let me be your everything
My throat hurts:/
it's crazy how people get blinded by fools
I fall apart and it figures, It's just the way I've always been
We will by the end of this week  We are also looking for a vocalist too 
SOPHIA NOREEN.
Don't ever do that again.
thanks, don't believe that is overpayed considering how good he can be
Sydney Morning Herald Promises An End To An Old Trick Of The ...
Thanks for your reply, Amir.
I'll hit you up in a week or two.
Good luck with your current projects!
Fine u?
M Chili Pie.
RT : hold in the firy depths of mount doom for one hour.
Logging off, now.
Bye.
u all!
Can't wait for Ariana's live chat, e!
Retweet If You A 90's Baby With No Babies :.
Ms NO BULLSHIT
RT : 50 / pound.
That's how much you pay for coffee when you buy the 10pack Keurig cups.
WHAT!!???
As a kid I was hit in the face by a pitch thrown from a Texas Ranger baseball player at a picnic.
Savings Tip  Lower thermostat on hot water heater to 120F
Haha good stuff on the George Bush article man.
Are family just needs to forgive and forget good lord they act like childoctorn, they need to get along for their brother Randy!
Just got a couple of big opportunities coming up...
Thank God for favor!
wow are you dyslexic orr??
yessssirr!
You know we comin for that number 1 spot!
fail...
Mandatory upgrade to new version removed two key features making it unusable for me, support call was useless
Why don't they just arrest Zimmerman and let the courts sort it out?
My mom has been arrested for less, more than once.
One of the hardest things in life is figuring out the difference between friendship and love.
Chris Young marry me!
haha Naul will make sure we get some work done!
I hate it when jealous people post on your professorle out of spite.
Some people never change.
Happy Easter everyone!
Hope y'all have a good one.
:
The Bucs earned a place in the hall of shame this afternoon, with less than 100 yards of offense, and a 3rd loss.
Final: Giants 24, Bucs 0.
Thank you girl!
xoxoxoxoxoxo
Sharpie really fighting it.
He'll get one tonight!
My parents don't let me go out,yet the house is fucking boring.
TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear doctorve By
Walking with my best friend and her kids.
Lemme see ya get high, and go low
Air china ad placed after huntsman's speech on CNN
Congrats on ultrasound today!
It's such a fun experience.
J.D.: I'm not a dorky recluse, I don't get good grades, and I'm with people all the time!
The Greek pulling out of the US market for sports bettors is just as big when Pinnacle left...
hey sure I'll follow you back :
if I live, I shall kill you, if I die, you are forgiven.
Such is the rule of honor
The ugly one!
And I think it prompted me to threaten to run away...
Some breakfast, then getting ready to head to the Lunmis Day festival.
I 3 Northeast LA!
Ha!
For sure lol!
Glad I saw you Alexa ::D
Finished a scene.
Those who realize their folly are not true fools.
Chuang tzu
Well thanks you ; Do it!
RT : just found , great music!
Find them on instagram too!
Hey happy opening day see you soon!
lol : our lives are so hard.
i might go running now since the sun is hiding :D
I felt that way the other night when retweeted me.
Lol
So true!
RT True 90's kids have used the phrase Get off the phone, I have to use the Internet.
Thank you!
RT : happy birthday
hey 360 thanks for following!!!
ya'll should help me reach my true potential
LOVE someone like you, hooked;p love you!
RT : This talking point was exhausted in 1987.
RT : Medicare trust fund exhausted in 2024, Social Security in 2033
yeh but I'm kind better still in treatment
I might as well say it now since im not goin 2 be up in da A.M.
So...G'Morning Tweepz!
Awww!!
You look just like your mommy!!
desperate times call for desperate measures my friend.
desperate.
blessing all ways
i need a waffle.
or on you.
Your choice.
Happy Holidays!!!
Capitol Momentum is The Best!
Most marketers agree that consumers dont really buy products or brands.
Consumers buy what those brands promise to do for them.
I love Big Brodous Clay's two valets
No playoffs this year, another failed season.
Where does this team go from here?
They aren't close!
Thank you so much U guys for all of the DM mentions and all the LUV We promise to get free Itunes release for all of you guys who retweeted
On my way to event powered by providing hundoctord of families with roadmap to Aaron higher education !
Vanilla custard with rainbow jimmies from ritas.
Good!
Why your there you may as well tell them to take you on tour or let you make an appearance during the Cincinnati date!
:
huh?
on my left knee
Oh my god, I just realized I hold my mouth like my mother....
That is absord!!
And Makes Absolutely Every Bit Of Sense..
Hmm..
Funny you would say that
I love you so much .
Thank you for always bringing joy to my life!
..........
RT : My desktop finally died today after 7 good years together.
Can we please have a moment of silence?
not passing up a good look for himself.
That's all I'm saying.
Ideas how to organize avids/mavens into a community and give them extra info e.g.
cast change announcements before press release.
Funsize..
Thats not so badd..
True he'll get taller .
but i dont get it..
when u get OLD do u like shrink or sumthing?!?
Do your best impression of your favorite animal!
3 May 24 Section 102 Row CC seats 13 and 14
Thanks guys!
:
Husband Murders Family Members for Feeding His CancerStricken Wife Tea and Toast Instead of an Orange 
The Ironbound is a  workingclass neighborhood in Newark, New Jersey.
a.
small b.
medium c.
large   Fill in the blank!
2 more followers till i hit 200 :O.
It's a girl!
Capri is the mama and she weighs 10.5 pounds.
Hard to believe last time I saw The Black Keys, they were playing at the Avalon.
Now they are playing the Honda Ctr in Anaheim.
Yes, but that doesn't help the young receivers who are trying to learn the system.
Just shoots the team in the foot.
Yeah you do
Reading about RDA, FRBR, FRAB  oy..getting so sleepy.
And these boys need to stop singing in the library
Dying hair :
Dude, I am the unofficial mayor of Starbucks.
:
I did and its one of my favorite RT : Who has tried the Watermelon Assault ???
Achtenbergtrauma stories are fragmented and voice is enormously important
Lmao right!
Same thing on my TL!
Print deadline moved up by 15 hours?
Time to switch over to the kickingass playlist.
I would love to see more games :D A blog would also be great :
I'll say this...it was insightful.
The tall guy in Lady Antebellum has a HOT wife!
interesting article.
thx.
only B12 fortified foods and B12 supplements have proven themselves as reliable sources of B12...
: Me too!!
Until I get sick : Lol
hey Rob!
Yep working for MLB  loving it.
Hope all is well!
We'll be there!
RT Today is UPAF's 2012 Campaign Kickoff!
Celebrate with us  talented Member Groups at the HarleyDavidson Museum!
checkin out Robert Glasper in Memphis TN tonite.
This guy album is incredible!
I hear the show is supposed to be even better.
Excited!
I think that our stellar wit and sarcasm will be useless against zombies.
Machete, perhaps?
nobody does.
Retweet follow  tweeting from 2nd floor of a school in Galveston, the 1st floor is flooded
That would be awesome, I'd be down.
Sitting here watchn TLC A Baby Story, aw
No it is not!
This is GODS Team!
H Town Nothing in Common!!!
:
T just saw some lady's thong straps.
He may never get over it.
He's traumatized.
im all about Chickens today!
Citrus  rosemary Roasted with Veggies Galore...
oh And some bacon braised Brussels M M
damn patty how u gonna play me like that!
If anything I was THICK lmao
Very excited to see Deep River featured in M Magazine.
It features a kitchen remodel in Shorewood.Look for it on your local magazine stands.
99 cookies cause i bitch ate one
please learn to decipher between my complaining and my threatening physical harm, please and thank you.
I feel HONORED ...
Respect : RT : WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter  my first tweet was to my dear old pal !
Have a great weekend everyone!
Semifinals of DWTS Gotta come down to William  Donald They r the best!!
Found a 1939 nickel in my change.
Don't know if it signifies any luck, but it's pretty cool.
thank you so much for the kind words.
:
I said jk
solita of course!
No doy!
;p Not fibroids, just a hormonal shift o.O My body is aging.
My biological clock is ticking!!!!!
D:
Codirector and I did most admin stuff.
I think we'd change that if we had a more permanent company.
Thank you for the tweets  congrats!
ALERT!
We'll be closed 4pm5pm to set up for our NYE Free Play Party!
Doors open at 5pm, 15 cover.
21!
Do I get jealous?
Yes.
Do I cry randomly?
Yes.
Do I get angry?
Yes.
Am I perfect?
No.
I'm only me.
Hey  if you'd like a buddy to join you at Miller Park sometime, I'd love to do that!
by the way the new song is already on itunes....
Just incase you didnt know
We'll be hanging out at the houston press' menu of menus tm night at 710 pm at spring street studios.
I wish I was special.
an eyeopening tweet, much appreciated.
Rivers must of threw his arm out after last weeks shoot out
GrindingSeason is neverending.
Remember  good things come to those who wait, but only things left by those who hustle.
I forgot what I put on Mom's card with the flowers until she just texted me about it.
Thank you for birthing me.
i miss him /:
good afternoon, tweeples.
how is everyone doing on this manicmonday?
Don't be JUDGING other's taste in music...
;
That does seem to be what it boils down to, sometimes.
: God knows our feelings.
It's just that we have to open our mouth and heart when we wanted Him to listen.
PRAY!
The sun is coming up as I fall asleep...
Oh what we do for film production.
I really want to see the avengers!
So many hot men too look at ;
your not nice lol
Today is my someday will follow me?
neversaynever right?
12
i don't think i can ever live alone.
21 and still afraidofthedark lol
Injured Zaheer Khan out for Day 2;
It was fabulous!
275 attended  2 undocumented college students spoke at the Q/A session.
Very moving: thanks!
and then he died.
By the time you get home tomorrow, the tulips will be out.
Have fun!
Ready for the weekend!
thank you ...
that was kind of you
thank you!
R.I.P.
2 My grandpa' Joe.....
I will always remember how you taught us boys to become men  take care of your family!!
diners.
doctorve ins n dives.
considering that, I wonder how early people will be lined up for the 100 free John Cusack signing tickets tomorrow.
Haha!
cause u weren't following me
Making first recipe from cookbook: devils food cake.
Would prefer less oil, but hope my Girl Sout troop will love it!
i hate to be the facebook police in class when im TAing!
but i have to, so at least i try to do it with style, or humor, or both...
Sorry I missed that!
Thanks for terrific blog class you gave yesterday for Web Manager University!
Let's get those runs back !
It's AprilFools i so don't wanna be in this house with all the pranks that are about to be happening great!
I'm sorry to inform you that is a liar.
Ipad is not for sale.
I'm gonna smack him now.
No no no....
I don't want snacks but you can gimme meat pie or scotch egg...
lol
yeah, i'm gonna start doing that too now  lol i just hate when people SAY they are going to do something but never do 
agreed!
MT excellence of NBC's Doc Emisterck is a beautiful part of playoff hockey, esp.
in Game7!
As good as there is, in any sport
tweeting like a 14 yr old girl quoting her favorite songs.
It's like this song was written about my life!!
My 100th follower will get a song named after his/her twitter name on my next album.
In Deluth Minnesota today.
Last show of the US tour!
And my mother is always right..
We should probably go see this in costume.
Check in on Foursquare during April to receive 15 off a deluxe detail!
I used to love running, then I got fat and quit.
That might be the other way around.
ha!
good point.
From now on pre2000 will be coined old school :
that last vid was the bomb yo...
keep up the good shit!
LOLL silly girl I heard what I heard and you said what you said :
God loves to help him who strives to help himself.
RT : Poison singer Bret Michaels, contestant on 'Celebrity Apprentice,' in intensive care after brain hemorrhage
Dying to jam it up again.....
Thanks for letting me know about Dan confusion I'll correct it!
Thanks for the RT!
thanks for letting me know!
Thatis weird someone would do that!
Unfortunately no.
Those commercials are not what I would consider fat folk friendly or Fcubed as we like to call it.
Couldn't be more happier for Flyers leaving 610wip.
They got treat like crap past couple weeks being past over for
The things that go thru my mind at work 
It will rain by bruno mars describes the way i feel about you
What else would we be doing?
RT : How many of you out there are spending your Friday evenings reading FEC filings?
inspiration.
Winston Churchill said, We make a living from what we get.
We make a life from what we give.
some things seem to gain clarity from a distance, others simply vanish
This Weds dont 4 get 2 come out 2 BROADWAY BAR.
Dj Mystik video mixing  Peter Blue hosting the party.
21 up welcome!!!
Your belt buckle weighs more than three pounds
Yeah...I really need to stop buying DVDs...
i don't understand why i didn't doctornk coffee in high school?!
i sure as hell could have uzzzzzed it....
Last night in LA.
Waking up super early tomorrow to doctorve up the 5N.
OBAMA keeps winning by interrupting the Apprentice show with the news of Osamas death.
Do you think Trump will enter the race now?
so i may have gone a little overboard at the sale on today
feel me RT: Scorpio's are awake while they sleep.
About 27 hours away from the next Apple event  I don't know what to expect.
What will happen?
Especially for you: Happy New Year!
From the President/CEO of Nivula Innovative Designs
Thank You Notes!
jimmyfallonOVER THE LIMIT12
you too Dose...
would love to see you battle in NY.
hopefully I can make it into Canada by summer time for WD3
oh awesome!
that's pretty cool.
when do you head out to SD?
Good morning friends!
Question of the day: Do you allow your kiddos to sulk after they have been disciplined?
Hey, excited to have you joining us!
Many welcomes!
Beth Williamson explores connections between private life and the idea of public inclusion for the disabled.
We are all a little weird and life's a little weird, and when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours doctor Seuss
People are SO terrified of the creativity, bravery,and talent of Lady Gaga right now.What is the deal?Everyone is crumbling in her presence
I am going straight home.
This never happens.
I am so very excited...and sleepy.
I'm still fuuugggeeedd up from last night.
STOP.
MURDERING.
MY.
PHONE.
unless you're gonna tweet me of course
Spitta...
RT : I like my girls in sneaks instead of sandals
Bloody Bloody LaToya Jackson
Bob Marley is in the Tea Pot Lounge....come while it is still here...
Do I seriously look like I'm 22!
feelsoold xx
Thx for RT's and mentions!
It's a rough day when my hardest decision is what color to get my nails for my pedicure.
I love vacation!
hahahaha hope you did well girl!!
oh you can see easily, we will show you!
Coloring, washing and treating my hair for the past 3 hrs, now to figure out a color for my nails
Have an internal alert protocol to decide what to do when crisis happens
Hi Barbara, thanks again for agreeing to review KN's book for LPR.
I've confirmed that there will, in fact, be a second review, too
learned about bugs that upon becoming sexually mature, replace their digestive system with a reproductive one and cannot eat or doctornk.
awful
I struggle and I get upset, but I'm trying so hard not to let it get to me.
My faults make me who I am and I can only embrace them
Idk why I'm even surprised...
We all have that one friend who never follows thru with plans
RT : I would rather be shot then sit here and listen to these army storied  lmao be nice
Launching the store today at 5:00!
Stop by to see handcrafted jewelry, shirts,  wire wrapped rings.
All proceeds are considered donations!
It all makes more sense now.
I wash fighting for you.
I was fighting for me...
Flying to LA tomorrow.
Picking up my new ride.
Can't wait.
doctorving it back to PHX on Sat!!
Top Speed in Mojave?...120mph?
135mph?
Who is the pretty lady sitting next to at the Lakers game?
Lol u r crazy
Because people have no thoughts to deal in,they deal cards,and try and win one another's money.
Gypsy's having a shoot today 1:302:30 at R11 across from Shoki.
Come say hi!
ur welcome now let's have a mothers day session
Yay!
Can't wait to hear!
Since time heals all, is it fair to say trust is healed with time?
DailyRebellion: Appreciate the woman in the mirror for what she can do, not just how she looks.
I love twitter.
15 minutes ago everyone loved Crow.
Now, he's the worst pitcher in the league
cool I'll bring mine!!
dum bored chillin out side with brittney with our cuzin jah jah getting lite out side playing football
Awesome!
Nickelback  window licking.
: Taurus is the type to say We're breaking up to your face.
Ballsy.
yup.
Who think QRcodes should be inhome on the inside of an eCommerce flap?
Thanks for the follow, looking forward to learning more about your wines and olive oil!
sprinkles Inc.
For fergie
All I wanted to do was come home and lay in my bed
ya right!!!!!
Don't even front...: Giving up doctornking for lent sucks sober fridays blow
All In
I was in the same city as  and I didn't even know it.
fml 
Money is burning a hole in my pocket and bloomingdales is having 20 off!
Yes, Al Latta was there in all his toupeed resplendence.
Creating Digital Landscape in Vue7 I love the program but sure wish it would render scenes faster
yeah : okay.
Just making sure :
Convicted by idea that we tack in Jesus' name at the end of all kinds of prayers w/o really thinking about what that means
I love buns...on my head
that sounds like a good reason to switch to Finale!
;
Good morning Tweeps and good morning SouthFlorida  600 followers and growing fast, thank you so much!
Yes Please Follow Me :D
HELLO BARBIE hope ur new year is gettin busy with what u love!
Happy birthday, o fellow redhead.
I love you.
Congrats to Daytona 500 winner!
Way to go!
what about kelly clarkson's stronger?
CURRENT THURSDAYS presents MODELS  BOTTLES w/ DJ LION L 15 Models hanging around the VIP Section....come say hello :
RT : Winners keep winning because they keep doing the necessary somethings to win!
Ive been in a windowless room all day.
Is it sunny yet?
I feel like a lazy groundhog....
Shoot for the moon.
Even if you miss you will end up among the stars...
how dare you!!!!
New surveillance video of soldier being attacked shows a closer shot of one of the suspects who beat soldier in Interbay neighborhood.
i wish there was a mini golf course with 69 holes.
not to be awkies but like i think mini golf courses are too short.
hah
: ccinkc Are you all going to Members Club or back to parking?
Cc: 
Right.
Me, too.
Maybe the reason for success is simple: it makes teens feel both victimized and important.
David Denby
playing with twitbin...
lmao i was twalking you hahah i make up the best twitter words :p

people talk so much shiet behind ur back but when they with u they act like the ur bestfriend smh stupid bitch
anytime!
When we stand together we win!
Portland friends  any restaurants, bars, recs for things to do there?
The only way her heart will mend is when she learns to love again.
ahahaha.
It's really a great piece, Frannie.
Then he requested that I post a video of me burping.
Hahaha.
Weirdo.
thanks for the URL!
more art is always good i say even if the world doesn't need anymore :  really lovely stuff there
Just thinking about yesterday, got me rollin'.
:D This shiz cracks me the heck up.
ok packers, slow down and save that for next week
I forgot that Jonathan Lucroy only ever had 83 PA in A.
Gives me more hope for a breakout.
Bitch, please.
Even Jerry is bigger than you, so you better shut up.
Today is just awkward .
You cannot move into a true healing until you are willing to let go of your story.
A moment in my life i'll never forget...when A will be unmAsked
Let me know if you can't get that NYCLU data as CSV and I'll help you scrape it from the PDFs
yes ma'am : I have something going on with nursing on Wednesday so she let us come in today
Oh yeah everybody loves homework!
Mon Karate break dance,Tues.
musical theatre,Wed Church, Thurs Karate now know why my parents rejoiced the day I PASSED my doctorving test.
Good Morning!
I hope everyone is having a great day.
Thanks Terri!
City snatch victory from United w/a Man U extra time special.
Love it!
Remix Madonna vs.
Avicii  Girl Gone Wild
Great seeing you today  continuing to talk about  !
The harm is not just if Canada Post wins its suit; harm is already done if the filing of the suit even passed the smell test w/ CP's counsel
MakesMeLaugh RT : After cmgrUN and sharing pickles  vodka, If I adored you anymore would be uber jealous!
If Louisville and UK were to meet in the Final Four, all you'd hear about leading up would be about both coaches.
Congrats rangers for moving on and about to get your asses kicked...
Have fun
SOOP LOADED RIGHT NOW LEFT BEAMERS NOW HEADED 2 DENNY'S
I hope the heat lose
you got me!
im so sorry i cant make it to your concert /3 :
Thanks for the tip..
Im so angry.
I feel like I'm the only one freaking out about the hottie of the week.
I love 333
You were so awesome..HELL!
What am I saying?
You are awesome!!!
You did that!
thanks David!
And Amy and Brandon!
unless he goes without a loss, I think you have Lynn fortify the bullpen.
Remember 4 of his wins come against Cubs and Pirates.
Only wearing 1 sports bra
thanks my dear.
Lmao as I watch this video of and dancing.
Yall better work.
Today begins Day 2 of our Clevelandbased Portal Admin training!
check out updates  photos here throughout the morning
yeah but you're tagging me in it!!!
My website professorling before and after mixes coming soon.In the meantime pick up that record Theme Music by D.A.P on REALIZME ENTERTAINMENT
I know I've said this before, but the Keep Calm and .
.
.
variations HAVE.
TO.
STOP.
Super sad sittin in the airport right now
The Bus Stop Public Art Presentations are Thursday at 6 p.m.
at Bay View High School Auditorium!
Looking forward to seeing everyone there.
I hope so!
I'll keep my fingers crossed.
IS HE!!!!
: My niggah in there goin to work!
Ms.
Roberta, hoping you're having a fabulous birthday, lady!
haha no not at all!
word of the day: agora
Maybe i've found a full band now.
Pretty cool stuff.
Three youngsters merge their great minds to produce awardwinning video
Jason Dufner eyes first win in New Orleans
2 White powder scares hitting PDX right now.
One at airport, one downtown.
Get the latest on FOX 12 now.
The way to a man's heart?
Through your Netflix account, duh.
Wine Down Eugene  Eugene Daily News
I holler at you!
I hope not, but I'm starting to sneeze, smh..
Good things come to those that wait.
Patience is a virtue WaitOnTheLord Prayers up  Blessings down, I love him do u?
How has branding evolved since the Mad Men era?
Join this free, ondemand webinar to find out!
nccetl les foltos of PeerEd says you can have islands of excellence but only by having person teach.
Trust/are down the hall/on siteperson
Humpf, I just spent my Saturday lost in your blog.
Humpf
If you Dont Show for Court.
I would Rather take you off your Job just for PISS OFF factor.What Goes Around Comes Around.
Nobody is perfect but you're perfect for me
Marriage is not just a religious issue.
It's a contract w/legal rights.
Govt has an interest by definition.
The Real Tom Ford has clearly found the real Fountain of Youth.
I die.
I love Konshens!
My TL is officially as doctor as cracked chapped lips.
Some habits die hard.
He has no idea...
Super worried and can't stop thinking about the what if's.
You're 14.
Stop taking pictures of you thinking your sexy  captainoning it I don't like this doctorss, what do you guys think?
.
OH : Process: that's our thing
you r soo lucky u say ryan in the tinychat!
Our predictions are on many radio shows, podcasts and newsletters  thanks Cassia!
Sign up for our free newsletter!
Too Much Temptation Can Turn You David Ruffin
well if you would put my name I would be honored :
If you didn't hear it with your own ears or see it with your own eyes, don't invent it with your small mind and share it with your big mouth
Cant wait to see tonight !!
and now my twitter background looks stupid.
goddammit.
For the love of SAX.
The joy of it, too.
Come down 2 the ABQ Museum Amphitheater 4 NMJW's Jazz Under the Stars TONIGHT!
You have 30 minutes.
alright, I'll try my best!
:
good cause I was gonna bother u anyways
Create music with one and rehearsing with another ghost writing is fun too.
So far this year is so fly.
So dude with the dogpulled out the burner...killed them.smh
: shoutout and kisses to my first follower ever  aw thank ya babe.
:
no problem, i gotta keep a Supaahstar happy :
mmmmhm will dew...n u too dough!!!
Come on blues you useless cs
We are the first generation that can be both the creators and the owners of the media at the same time.
Smith
oh yes RT Walk On ByIsaac Hayes.
Every version of Bacharachs song's classic, but Black Moses takes it to whole new level
pee soup maybe?
Busy morning.
A very serious crash on East94...
and a fire at a Mpls business.
Watch 45 local news at 7 for the very latest reports.
Beers and RockBand are popping off at Ratio HQ!
Happy Friday everyone!
If I can find and kill 3 more Metal Slimes in Google Maps 8bit, I'm gonna level up.
What does this mean?
They are the best.
Excited about talk at DevIgnition by Wonder if its going to featuring the Scala greatness is Play 2.0
Good Morning COSprings, I am in the office doing some paperwork and I will be out the door by 10 am...
on to a awesome weekend.
feel better soon man!
Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own minds.
Franklin D.
Roosevelt
Things change people change!
Wis.
elections board orders recalls for four Republican senators, dates uncertain
Boosie innocent, huh?
so the Red Sox won a game automatically means they are on the turnaround.
Sound bias there ESPN.
a message just popped up on my phone: shortcut battlefield duty created.
umm, weird.
TONIGHT  CLUB ELEGANCE LADIES FREE 5 ADMISSION 3 doctorNKS TILL 12 HOSTED DJ DEEZ  MIKE DEAN KITCHEN OPEN 21 YOUR SAFETY IS OUR PRIORITY
Obey'Gang 
I have to bring the trophy home!...
Jk I'll be back Thursday night
You made my point: current climates  constituent landscape is far more complex than most comprehend.
So easy strike: condemn all
I appreciate your stand for christ!
Keep it up bro
thank you for all you do for us.
You work so hard.
Just remember, we're here for you and we're never gonna leave.
Ily Ryan :
Oh, now I get it.
Yes I am slow, I don't get this twitter thing!!!!!
Happy Monday everyone....
any good news out there to report?
It just came back.
And luckily Loyola is almost done.
If it was last week would have been a major disaster.
Hope noone lost papers
dang it's HOT!
5 per gallon is a great deal in this economy!
Dominate on 3!!!
Clutch INT
Dang, must have escaped my notice due to their not having the word 'Airship' in their name.
It's always so cold in here 
TY!!!
RT Follow the greatest people
Staring at a blank page and 1,800 words to go...
So full of possibility and yet so full of doctorad.
Do what you love.
Love what you do.
Plan something positive when your day seems to be surrounded by the negative.
just pop a little bit during takeoff and touching down.
Matt Flynn, paging Matt Flynn...Les Miles calling.
CBSLA: An appeals court has ruled that Proposition 8, a voterapproved ban on gay marriage, is unconstitutional.
RT : Keith Lockhart talks to Sean Rafferty about StreetScene tomorrow   4.30pm on
Thank you for releasing more JasonWu doctorsses online today!
what's wrong :
With its location at the corner of Sisson and 28th St., is super convenient to the JFX.
Right between offramp and onramp!
but I'm really into this fanfic I'm reading idk why.
Today's Lesson: You better live on your own terms, 'cause you may not go out on your own terms.
Eww filled with old ass raaaaaachet people...
how's that old blonde bitch that fingers herself?
She reminds me of a saggy old ass cow.
love your top though, infinite jest is on my TBR for this year, MUST FINISH
I must be tired...I just carried my cup of coffee with me to the shower
oh sweet mother of capcisin!
We were in Pecos a few weeks back, but it's much better to bring 'em home where you can do 'em right.
Erie was the best place to study abroad!!
Sometimes, watching Maddow is astonishing in watching applied research.
She and her staff are first rate.
It had the potential to royally blow.
It didn't.
Not even a little bit.
Beer makes one a better programmer.
Maybe Sudafed/Benadoctorl/et all work the same magic?
Worth a shot.
Reading Pinocchio to my niece
I can't sleep and i have to wake up at 6...fml/
And never the twain shall meet was invented to prevent connections like that.
Can't recall a time where i was invited to a party and got ingorned!!
Lost  Found, LVAs new exhibition, explores how the loss and discovery of items affects personal and collective memory.
I can't tweet  hold a camera while the games are going on!
Thanks for the interview today Looking forward to the story tomorrow at 5!!
pssst...
and I are looking for you in the chat room...
where are you??
;
Mad dash straight out of to get the last textbooks from school library.
Did you take it to the limit?
I quit 10 minutes early.
So you took it to the bare minimum.
Last second field goal by makes the score 63 at half.
UpwardMotionPT thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Jump in the water when its shallow, bet I pop back up

it's called Youth Explosion, from the album Question in the Form of an Answer
thanks so much for the RT :
know that the FloridaMemorial family stands with you
I will bring about 20 paper copies of the wapo article on Austin fun stuff for front table if you want to so announce
This for sure is called a Networking Connection week, love it so far!!!!
Give me more!!!!
that's awesome!
I quoted you much more in my TCW article than I had anticipated.
Good info.
I hate when theres so many things to watch,
Titles are unimportant.
Know who you are.
We underestimate who we are in our organizations.
I dont know if you know this...
But The Dirges enjoy elaborate snacks...
Just an FYI
: Victoria about to spazz out LOL!
I get the feeling that you won't have that problem, lol.
Sure it does!
And people write sycophantic articles about the lead designer!
This friday the 13th sure full of sme ish not cool
Big shot by Sheehey!!!
no, unfortunately we don't carry the g series, it's too leet for us : though they may have it online
its on the way here.....DAM
their Dad knows you're hot and wants to know if you're single, lol
Thanks for the follow Lakesha!!
Success  making the right decisions, not the easy ones.
Repeat daily...
you still current you back in the Chi?
and Christian Stokes  My personal brand of Yoda
on my way to downtown San Francisco with Caltrain...
sun is shining
hey message me your number so we can get this comm thing going :
Proud to be participating in this Twitter Town Hall on TDV while at the sandiego DV Council meeting!
So lazy right now blah
Great game
We understand the recording quality is bad on those vids but listen for content and let us know your favorite one!!
Want change in life is one of the greatest accomplishments
I'm good thanks : What are you up to?
It's Friday!!
That was what Patrick Swayze originally said instead of Nobody puts Baby in a corner.
It didn't test well.
armband Cool Blue Armband sports SKIN for Sony Walkman NWZE353
Just finished Dead Like You by Peter James.
A great British crime novel.
I wish i could play music with the band everyday :/
Great workout, protein bar, beach with the love.
Solid day off :
I'm good
Up and at 'em!
Trying to jam all my errands into one trip because I need like 7 watchedpot hours for this sauce
Crazy Summer is an up and coming book by Cole Hart.
Be on the lookout for it.
Thanks for noticing that's exactly what my wife said when I asked her for editorial advice...
Thanks for the follow, Adam and Sarah.
Check out our site/service, do you think we would be a good fit for Ignite Miami?
I kinda wanna get fun tipsy and wander on down to Victorias Secret and buy swimsuits
Wow...
Fuck that.
So fortunate to have made it this far.
Everyday I grow a bit more, learn something new, and strive to be better than I was yesterday!
:
Nothing like an old high school crush finding you  friending you on Facebook because he needs cows or some shit for Farmville
My mom forgot a crucial Christmas gift,..
now we are at Walmart waiting in the last line of the day!
barelymadeit whew!
I  EDM  want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's pickme!
3
What they call this shit here??
They call it War Music!!!
Ten years ago today I was lined up in my cap  gown waiting to graduate still doctornk off my ass.
Enjoy a nude discount vacation 2 nights 200 visit us
Currently hosting a figment coming out party.
Time to stop hiding who you are.
All the grading I need to do makes this the perfect sunny autumn day to organize my shelves and refresh the posters on my office door.
New Jersey later in New York : 3
Thanks for the follow!
I hear you guys mentioned a great deal on ESPN 96.1.
If I ever go out to GR I'll be sure to stop by.
If you can't fix it after three years, it's time to do the right thing and resign.
if you're up late/on the west coast clap your hands clap clap
All fiesta at our summer apartment / production HQ in the center of town!
what dates?
I missed her too.
:' she's like my soul sister.
Thanks for the follow Looking forward to seeing you and your followers on Saturday night!
thanks so much :
10 minutes behind schedule today.
Luckily I'm not on the 6:30 train
agree.
or the best latte, or crepes.
they can pretty much do no wrong!
Fifty anthropology graduates at today!
Our dept.
launched them off with a celebration for grads  their families.
Met my new agent today, had a great audition and looking forward to All County Chorus Concert tomorrow.
Glad I got picked.
I love to sing!
will you never learn?
When I grow up, I want to have an invincible stomach like Rob Z, mommy.
alright.
lets go celtics.
close this out now.
LOVE listening to the antics of the twins playing w/my hubs.
SO enjoy when they are having fun  not fighting it!
Progress  happiness
Just watched someone leading some tourists yell Let's go to Market Street!
and then promptly turn and walk in the opposite direction.
Oh snap!
You jus did O.o
Show tomorrow in Cypress is now a 2 entry fee.
A band doctorpped so we are figuring out new time slots.
If they don't change we play at 6:15.
There is an adorable kid in the office today, sitting on the other side of my cube.
Honestly, it's pretty nice having her in the office.
Sat.
I was invited to a bar, and during last min.
the orger had to change bars bec the first choice had been closed by the gob.
Arg folks!
Prosecutor for the 99 is Steve Meacham from Making his argument about economic crimes against the 99
you have to get there AT 6 that's what the lady told me when I asked about camping she said security would make u leave
ThingsThatMakeMeThinkNastyThoughts ....when is posting!!
I can't get work done when she is LOL
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others.
right on, that's why I suggested the complimentary options unless you are flying Spirit.
Yes they charge for soda, coffee, your soul
The Amazing SpiderMan 4Minute Super Preview
Let my love lose again
Q1 If that.
It's 1/2 at my library.
Do your part to build teamwork and a climate of encouragement.
Great!
Lots of food for 25.
Both soup  salad were tasty, flouder was perfectly cooked  loved carrot cake.
Dob't they know how fab and fiesty you are?
Hello, Chicago!
all good, working on a book about the making of the other side of the wind, for st.
martin's, hence the jake hannaford name
Good luck, Edwina!
Let us know how it goes.

I keep trying to bring him over to the dark side!
: Clearing that one perception can move a mountain that you thought was unmovable.
AllisNeverAsItAppears so true; good thought!
Subscribe to www.fashionbaggage to read all about it!
Alright just making sure you were watching!
Tx!
RT : If you are, or ever will be in Albuquerque, you MUST eat at ...
Seriously folks, in my top 3 meals ever.
Healhtip: Just by switching from a bad lifestyle to a healthier one, one can expect to add as much as 14 years to theirlife
The common sense lesson of the day.
the best ones end in aol.com also :
restaurantstakeout is a joke.
U dnt really expect ppl 2 believe this crap?
You'd hv 2 b an idiot not 2 c the hidden cameras
and scariest looking DJ award goes to.....
Everytime i hear the phone ring i wish its you3 J.K.J  C.B.N  3 ...Always4Ev
I hate Jon Tudor.
Here is cool Ocean doctorve doctornk Recipe from doctornks And Cocktails Recipes Andoctorid application!
Why do men love bitches?
Hey,please follow me!
I love you with all my soul Austin 105
So turn the music up You're hearing more than sound.
Right now, This town is for the taking  it's all we'll ever need.
u didnt go and y i ended up going to another party
finalizing our next KJ series  The Crazy Horse 3 in Las Vegas.
will be a wild weekly!
www.crazyhorse3.com sushi served until 10am!
working on her acting website....
:stay tuned
doctornking is OK bt nt xcessive i love doctornking too but nw i can't due 2 tis peptic ulcer i got.
once in awhile i do feel like doctornking U.U.
Game over YOU LOSE.
BackOnTheBus!!
Patience  three lives from now you'll have overcome the phobia.
RT : Education is not going to ever be learnercentered, because education, by definition, is societycentered.
FridayListens is READY PLAYER ONE by Ernest Cline  it kicks ass and is the perfect narrator for the story
who wants to make a post office run for me?
Floppy Disk.
Omg yay we are going to the beach this summer!
I didnt think we were yaaaaaaaaay
Rachel is like 20.
Lacy is 22 almost 23.
Girls who call themselves bad bitches 
Any chess players here?
HAPPY FRIDAY TO ALL!
thanks!
but has been on team for a couple months now.
is the man behind the magic.
I love me some skylar!!!
Jelly is lame
it should be interesting.
let's do it!
musing on innovation...how do you define it?
Ok it looks like I have to take this thing into my own hands.
been there and Twitter always wins.
Don't you do the punchline?
Knock knock jokes confuse the hell out of me.
It's fruit salad at the door.
Isn't that the whole joke?
The luncheon speaker will be Mitchell Stephens from NYU.
He will talk about Journalism and News: Untangling their histories.
Time is goin by too fast for me
hi  trying to send an email to and it keeps bouncing back.
I there another email I can send to?
owe girl Dnt even get me started.
Im too mad my hair not dat length no more.
In the end this doesn't matter because it will all crash due to Selection Sunday.
Working at a Starbucks is problematic.
Can't use the restroom without packing up the laptop and backpack.
Thanks Onadio CHECKOUT Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube.
Please HELP us gain more fans tell some friends...
Hate when I'm watching something on DVR and I forget I can fast forward through the commercials.
I miss you !
Need to see you soon.
can u tell I'm jonesing for some sunshine/80s?
no problem :P i was going to make the same tweet, so i figured why not just retweet it :P
it looks like your video will be up tomorrow.
no one has replied to me!
: but i think its good.
dm me please?
thanks.
3nd
On my way to see August Burns Red!
I'm in for an acoustic set at the Arboretum.
Just let me know the date.
Can't wait for summer shows!
he never dated jas
I miss you to come kidnap me and bring me to Boston with you
RT : Planners: When an emergency pops up at a meeting, what's the FIRST thing you do?
What's conversation if a niqqa can't just HIT sumn' ?
We just doctorwned a whole bottle of wine for Whitney Houston.
The already planned party at my house is now in remembrance to Whitney.
Change of attitude is a start.
Time to make change infectious.
JB please give us your beliebers prefer to your phone
My channel is boring and is mainly for my entertainment.
I don't care how many views I get.
yeah that one looks nice
Just met another brilliant Afrobeat musician/producer from Portugal, I smell collaborations!
I am 4 of the 7 Dwarves.
Clean Funny Pics and Other Humor
RIP Donna Summer 
A healthy diet should provide enough nutrients without the need for supplements, experts advise
We are working on the Andoctorid version and will be releasing it soon...
stayed tuned for an announcement on FB and Twitter
Dealing with lat long coordinates on a Cartesian plane is a bear.
paulreesq: Finished at QMagazine for Xmas.
On train  dialling up the Phil Spector Christmas Album...
festive
Just ate some mashed potatoes and ranch doctorssing.
3 So fucking happy now :D
Adversity gives birth to greatness.The greater the challengesdifficulties we face, the greater opp'nity we have to grow and develop as ppl.
Hi Zachary!!!
Very good response to You obviously can't please, or satisfy everybody all the time unfortunely.
checking your math......and yes, you're right, 96!
I do think you're closer to the truth on that...liquor included.
She puts the shot glass down, she asks for another round
shorts over tights look ridiculous.
get some windblocking briefs and get over it, men.
also: nobody's looking at your package.
Thanks for sharing, Jonathan  glad you enjoyed it!
Shoot the tv listings.
Download to your computer and store in 'Misc 2011'.
It's good to practice these organizational skills.
Nice job!
Why hasn't anyone done a dubstep remix of Baby Beluga or Senor Don Gato?
BIO Asks House Committee on Ways and Means to Extend Critical Tax Provisions
If you want we can doctorm it tomorrow.
Think about it!
yeah ik...
but its so hard to time it rite
such a healthy habbit
Really Ohio State!?
Really?!?
i miss
How do you explain something that you can't even understand yourself?
He better sat down
So amazing!
Read all 3 books in a week and a half!
: It's past my bedtime but I can't put down The Hunger Games!
So addicted.
Archie has stopped carrying fezes?!?
:
Where ever is...it's always LIVE!
LastDayOfSkoolParty May18th  zodiac lounge MO info contact  2651396
who is Romney's main foreign policy adviser?
There is some serious techno and housemusic floating around here Twitter.
Officially in love
that's fun.
way to go!
Fletcher Cox
I'm in!
// RT : Twitter chat TODAY with bloggers from Tanzania.
2PM EST / 1PM CST.
Always do your best.
What you plant now, you will harvest later.
Og Mandino
I can't take it being sick is hard but being sick almost everyday kills me 2 know I can't do anything!
WhyMe?
MT : Just saw movie weneedtotalkaboutkevin tildaswinton.
Difficult to watch but brilliant performances  an important film.
Yes, music was UNBELIEVABLE.
2 secs from Z...
:
mister.
Romney again starring in Clueless.
RT In past two weeks Tebows played 5 great minutes last week and about 3 good minutes today The rest has been simply doctoradful
Pregame bitches
I didn't realize the time, please tweet it again
Just got done at !
What a great store
lowerback muscle contusion  bruise
Thank you to the guy in front of me on my run.
yesIwasracingyou and yes I won.
The boat I was on sunk...
And I doctorwned :/
Damn we got some sellout ass friends
hahaha that's amazing!!!
Maybe the 2nd coolest shoes ever.
EVH Converse cant be topped!
What should I read next?
Just started Ian McEwan's Solar and love it.
Dude is hilarious.
No The Worst
My Moms am idiot !
You post awesome tweets everyone should follow you!
Shoutout to new followers Check out webseries trailer at CigaretteCinemas.com
I'll ask Megan.
She'll know.
KARAACK.
That's the sound of Don's generational chasm widening.
: by the end of 2012 should be producing more video than local TV stations
You are very lordly lately with your magnificent mane.
:
Why do thesse chinese people follow me?.
Great guest.
RT : Tmister David Carr of on old media, new media, the future of newspapers  how he uses
Nice discussion of zombie lit at the
If you missed it7 yr old fan at gets visit from 2 of his favorite players.
11pm.
bet that I'll get up with u homie
Only two kinds of people should be allowed to wear berets: professorssional illustrators and special forces.
The whole Madmen intro is awesome
Lmao that was nasty af i was scared
hello there, the angel from my nightmare.
Please Follow Back Its My All Time Wish Other Than Meeting You Of Coures!: NeverSayNever xoxo follow back :D
I'm tired as hell
i will.
again ty.
means so much 2 me.
long battle will keep everyone updated as much as i can.
3 bhloveisstrong!
I just realized how embarassingly funny military ball is gunna be.....lolol c:
I'M GOING IN.
SEE YOU IN TWO HOURS.
GRCH new website up  running.
www.girlsrockhouston.org.
check it out!!
I'll look into it, thanks, Michael!
How about just attaching it to our emails?
I'll DM you my email addoctorss.
the bbc has also written extensively about their semantic web use; if you haven't seen it, it's v.
cool stuff.
cheers.
Let me know if you're ever in the Bay.
ugh I love Glee lolol
We've Only Got 4 Minutes To Save The World
It's Joan of Arc's 600th birthday!
I plan to celebrate as I always do.
Sad, alone  burning at my own existential stake.
Have a great day.
It's birthday today isn't it?
So how old is the amazing mixerman?
i think hussain forgot to mention my birthday dinner as well ; hahaha
ice cold budlight with lime sounds so good right now!!
Or a shot of whisky to kick this cold's butt!
People need to grow up and realize that they have responsabilities now
shut up
I wanna be able to look into your eyes and see forever.
Oh noes!
She might have written my book.
I'll have to check it out.
Redneck Woman coming on the radio is the only thing that can distract me from this terrible terrible headache
Happy First Day of March!
Might have to watch Match of the Day tonight, haven't done that for 20 years.
DJ ing and sipping on water, watching the Clippers make a comeback.
Who's ready for some night time swimming and SYDNEY BLU tonight at The Fly!!?
The more I workout the more I want fatty foods lol 
Watching Transformers circa 1985 on thehub.....I LOVE this channel....next is old school GIJoe....and the Jem :
you too!!
Sorry for the quick exit.
shadybounce hope to see you again soon!
We can help you with any number of cleaning projectsspring is right around the cornergive us a call for a free estimate
5 more Followers until 100!!
Help us reach our goal!
Help is always good.
Let me know :
Mike Epps one of the funniest niggaz out
meme of the day is
In the mood for Red Crab Goat Cheese Rangoons, Kalua Pork Trio and PB  Jelly Ice Cream Sandwich Minis all for 30?
Yes plz!
Another placement today.
The Collection blog will have lots of new posts this week, so please come check us out!
Or the Javascript version NaH.
What's everyone doing this Friday night!?
ORLANDO vs STEAK  BBQ Baked Beans  M :D
Need a flexible, adaptable education system
In the last month I've used a third of the natural gas that I used the same period last year.
Thanks, weather!
The Enders rocked it on Saturday Night.
Hopefully you got to be there!
A1: Selling widgets thru print, might target diff.
populations but message same: Buy my widget.
not at all.
Sometimes supervisors hope to be out sick too!
:
Don't lol we couldn't find our way back to I95
YO FOLLOW ME IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!!!!!
I love bacon, but I've been on pancetta like Jesus on a tax collector lately.
I WISH.
Morning world rise and grind.....time waits for no man......
Everything is terrible, but everyone is good.
Good evening everyone!
back from city loop, Beautiful sunny weather, time for a break at the beach ;
Ladies should keep their circle tight alone with their pussy!
Staring into the grid abyss
Up too earlyy..
PACKING FOR DISNEY TIME 3
oh no
We hope the New Year is starting well for everyone.
Cheers to a Bright and Prosperous 2012!
YouKnowYouSoftWhen when you let your girl run you bahahaha
Get your tickets this weekend to see and to the best comedy show in Las Vegas
4 entries will be picked at 4 pm today!
Types of Users: What can I get right now?
vs.
I need to find everything written on a topic
RT : CTA: Start w/ a blank canvas that gets filled with understanding your connected consumer says
Between The Sheets 80  Dirty Little Secrets
I might....maybe he can move in with Hank, and become his annoying roommate...
' Cause your all I want, your all I need , your everythingg ' 
Omg, okay, I'll clean the rest of my room tomorrow.
Here's what Im missing: 5 Grammy's, 5 Billboard Awards, 5 American Music Awards and 3 MultiPlatnium albums.
I had BIG doctorams yo:!
Thank you for sharing my tweet.
De Graaf: In every other civilized country, healthcare is a matter of right.
Again, the crowd cheers.
what's his name?
:
I think dangers beard made more money that I did when I worked at PXY :
you don't follow me yet!
Lol
RT : Social media is a 24hour news cycle.
Delicious food, delightful company, and 20 bottles of wine over the course of the day...
magnificent!
That Sunday feeling where you know you have school tomorrow.
Thanks for the RT Janet!
Have a great day:
Tonight might be the night i make it so lets live it up and don't regret it at all.
: I try and play hard for NY as John Starks did bak in the day!
It was super dope to have him at the game tonight
Need my pillow pet
EveryoneHasThat1Friend they like little bit more than friends.
I got an infinity love tattoo on my wrist!!
I'll put up a picture in a little bit
Live stream of tonight...
Gratitude, inspiration, awe, hope for humanity if this greatness is in us.
Our pleasure!
RT : Picking up a SLK for the weekend.
Thanks Euro for your support of MBCA members.
Trig was adopted?
And, I love 'Landmarks' too...
so let's just say I love all that you do.
;
i'm not a veg.
Anymoree so no ahaha
: Boston Bruins goalie Tim Thomas refusing Obama's invitation to the White House for political reasons.
TFM
Lolz, so funny!
Ah, my favorite day to work in Boston...
Patriots Day is a holiday  my annual putthesweatersaway day.
I really dnt have nun nice to say so I'ma just ignore that text
Swimming is the best therapy for mind, body, soul and 3 screws in your foot!!
:
I stayed up for 8 hours watching every.
single.
one.
of videos.
I realized I have not moved pretty much the entire time.
nn
tryna get to where you at
S/o to my new follower
what a beautiful party, we hope you had fun!
Saz's State House Burger of the Week is a stacked Jalapeno and Cream Cheese Burger with our own onion strings!
:P The Finest!
Happy 26th birthday to the best big brother in the world!
Thank you everyone for a wonderful day!
See you tomorrow for another great day!
Dj Girl 6 on the tables tomorrow.
Let's do this!!!
It's 43 degrees this afternoon in Columbus.
A steady wind of 40 MPH.
But my day just became awesome.
I love you, mom!!
Don't even want to think about the reshelving nightmare the elementary school library must be.
Ha.
hey trash that just backed into me  ran, if i thought had more than child care payments  insurance, it's your day.
asshole.
happy birthday!!!!
I love you3
well keep you posted on any jobs we have for some comic artists Dont forget to check us out at portland comic book show nov13
HAHAHAH!
Oh my gosh.
That's precious.
I love you so much Emily.
Oh man..
What are you on??
Watching Oscar winner Ed Harris dance away in Creepshow.
What's that weird move he does on the way to the record player?
I know!
Amazing isn't it!
:  thanks for the kind words about my website.
:
Hi Julie, so glad you like it!
Nice to meet you
thank you for following!
These days I'm more concerned about the entertainmentindustrial complex than I am about the militaryindustrial complex.
They need to pay as much money as necessary to get the old NBA on NBC theme song.
follow back
O Mind Blown!
knows  does this mean he knows they should collab a vid, it would make my Year!
Home, cell, smart, PHONE/TABLET  When they invent a phone that folds out to a tablet, it will be the next PHONEvolution.
Bendable glass!
Time for bed : had a great time with babe!!
Sometimes I think more creativity is put into muffin recipes than into the rest of society combined.
Boston is the greatest sports city in the world!
7 championships in the past 10 years.
RedSox, Pats, Celtics, Bruins!
Goal of program is to change student special ops idea of success from kills to working with local population in combat areas
355 days since my last funny tweet.
My Princeton is turning 15!!
YaaaY!!
Happy Early Birthday Princeton...
33
Man there's so many talented artist that Ive heard, it makes me wonder why VA aint gettin more looks..
I just watched your youtube videos and you're a really good singer!
:
Hi Everyone!
We hope to have dates out soon for both the spring Ladies Rock Camp and the summer sessions of Girls Rock Camp.
Stay tuned!
1st night of NYE run was incredible!
thank you.
What if scooter gave up on trying to get in contact with Justin back in 0809..
We would never have Justin..
Thank you 3
On blocking/filtering Internet access  Let's not build a fence around the pool, let's teach kids how to swim.
Keep up the good work over there, we like what you guys are doing.
Follow me I love you
Jazz genre today 
Make a plan, do your best and give the rest of God.
LMFAO grow up.
RT : And Lord, bless this crawfish my body is about to receive.
If the Brewers get beat Kotsay and Suppan today, I'm selling the rest of my 20 pack.
Its almost my bday!!!
:D
Im on that uncharted 3 too!!!
i just past that part!!!
its about to get really interesting!!!!
An error doesn't become a mistake until you refuse to correct it
My resume says I'm 2 over qualified to jus kick it....I'm wife material...
Finally home...
I know what it is
that link was about your professorle not the pic
Oh man, you did that right!
follow back ?
Nope but I'll be back Monday/Tuesday
And field trip requests are in before the deadline.
I rule.
aw hi!
thank you so much ::
sometimes I wonder if that'd be better because going to a ghetto school in the city was more fun than this 
If everyone was rich, then nobody would want to do the hard dirty common labor jobs?
Who would collect our thrash?
Who would grow our food?
how's the new gig?
wow, Kenny I wish I'd have gone, but instead, I was recording all day...I keep missing ur gigs, so sorry :
UGH GOSH ITS BEEN SOO LONG  THE DAY STILL HASNT COME I TWEET YOU EVERYDAY ASKING FOR A FOLLOW  YOU NEVER FOLLOW ME: /3
Before the new year theres no better way than whatch the top 100 videos of 2011 on BET
Not a lot.
Just in bed watching Predators.
Yourself?
Where is the weirdest place you've ever played the doctorms???
Almost too 300 followers and 700 tweets!!!
Lunch with before the PRSA media breakfast tomorrow!
Time to catch up on writing!
:
Very dark.
I hope that person talks to a CAPS counselor.
Singing a five pm concert this Sunday Eve at first CRC in Sibley IA.
Also Maurer trio at 630pm
hope all is well
Hangovers.
That's why.
What's going on in china right now?!!!
I hate tears
You're getting a payback on software just by the money you will save in creditcard fees.
I know you don't smoke weed...
I know this...
But I'm gonna get HIGH today...
Cause it's.....
Finish the line!!
Let's see who knows the rest
thanks!
Oh my bad, I meant like I'm a mess and mine as well get more.
Lol
RT : RedCross response vehicle en route to virginiatech to support emergency responders.
Our thoughts are with the campus
We sure could use a lot more fat women doctorvers cruising around our roadways in huge gas guzzling SUVs.
I feel safer!; woman.
Fuck off..
you're a jerk
I am trying to get someone to reply to me to answer some questions about your custom domain service...anyone there?
Since I didn't give u guys a good and long enough chapter today.
I'm going to write another chapter : Thanks Topeople that read it 3
true!
I'm so excited!!!!!
I dunno why,though.
Cause I know I'll be depressed after watching it,just as I do when I read it.
Hah
regional rankings, OWU was fourth before Woo loss and Wabash upset helped them huge.
If all you do is tweet about yourself with a link to your site, then its not SOCIAL for you or your followers.
Its ADVERTISING.
AmericanIdol 2012 is now down to 2 singers Jessica  Phillip.
Two more finals left...
PRETTY BUSY AT WORK TURBO MODE!
Sorry I'm hungover on your birthday mom....
6th street wins once again
Looks like the 5d Mark I rumors are swirling...wonder if they'll up the ante on the fps this time around?
yes sir you got it
wish the gym would offer this upgrade: wheelchair ride to your vehicle on Leg Day......just sayin.
Listening to future and just thinking while texting Tasha....
Side eye m...
I want you to feel the same way I as do
How did we watch the NFLCombine before and NFLNetwork!
Awe don't be depressed!
We miss you!
RT : I wish I still lived here.
Your tweets depress me.
City all the way, screw United
of course.
Great story!
Another example of the positives of using social media
True, but this team is still not as good on paper as they were a month ago with Gamel  Gonzalez, even if the slumps end.
One of our editors asked a Sixth Grade student at 10:30 AM to write a post for today.
He willingly said yes!
Can't wait to see his creation!
I'm worried about Hailey.
How I wish I don't have to go through all these crap so that everything would be okay between us
I Finished Writin..
DMX still goes in.
: That awkward moment when you're doctornk  automatically become an amazing dancer.
ThingsIDoWhenImdoctornk 
Juridica today posted full year results  a 20.9 increase in NAV per share to US2.25 and a 578 rise in professorts to US12.9 million.
I'm an Airman, ma'am.
...I acted, stopped for years.
Served.
Then approached it like an apprenticeship, like my military career.
I'd like a plane to skywrite my twitter handle.
If not, I'll take letting me know if you hear anything 
Paul's Boutique is one of the best albums of all time.
A meshing of jazz, rock, awesome sampling, all against great lyrics.
Watched you video good stuff.
I plan to write a book in the future will definitely keep your courses in mind.
I love to write
gonna have to get that 25 nike here soon...in with the new!
IfIHadItMyway I will truly make this world a better place!
indeed...liked the idea of a good offense by telling strong stories so as to avoid appearing defensive when brand is attacked
Partly Cloudy and 69 F at Chicago/O'Hare, IL Winds are Northeast at 12.7 MPH.
The pressure is 1022.5 mb and the
new fan fic up tonight?
i think yes
we gave hulu plus a shot, too many commercials..
a lot of content only plays on the web only and the movie selection is weak.
I'm waiting on that magnificent day that you follow me.
Were they doing 1 beers at fan fest before the Magic games?
doctornk fansloud fans.
I'm a Mexican giant.
So when I fall, I fall
Having a z or an x in your name automatically makes you cool
doctorwing my boo friend and my brudder and sissy something your gonna love the finished product :
Woman at my table: oh look, one of the speakers is from EBSCO Me: Hello!
That's me!
Good morning upabos12, EBSCO is hiring.
Major power outage in White Hall area, apparently  about to shut down the router etc.
Good old Dominion Virginia Power, sigh.
A friend told me that I burn the candle at three ends.
How true, how true.
I think only one journal article made it into my reading suggestions for next week, but it was hard to choose!
prezi it is!
I bet Bubba Watson is celebrating his victory with Larry the Cable Guy at Augusta's finest all you can eat catfish establishment right now.
I know, huh?
He doesn't even deserve to say the word.
That wasn't me girl.
That was the tweet magic of and it has been deleted.
Forever.
Can someone bring a Keg to the videoshoot June 2nd in Charlotte??
Shot by
I hope your version of Macbeth will be filmed at some point?
DBTFTW!
Guys like prove that not all guys are the same!!!
Congrats.
Feels so good to be reunited with my best friend in Columbia!!
Finally home 
so stressed
waves RT : Raise your hand if you don't want to be awake right now.
Yay!
RT : Just 45 minutes until weekly winchat with this week also and giving away a PC!
still doctorwing little tiny lines.
over and over again..so much netflix...
New Music comin next week!
I make
Watching a documentary on understanding the universe Crazy affff
Best of luck to you!
Time to dance it up, and a chance to win stagecoach tickets.
I love incahoots
DIANNA YOU FLAWLESS ANGEL!!!!!!
where you see that?
Taco 2  al pastor.
Delicious!
yeah, they would build it MongoDB and make it open source for all.
Lol...
why cant I be a normal person!?/: my leg just twitched.
Celebrating my manuscript submission Restaurant.
Woohoo!
I desperately need to travel and go away from this place ..
I know.
Man.
I ran out.
I'll get some more tomorrow morning.
My knuckles look like I rolled them in baby powder.
will be out tonight between 6th and 7th Street on Walnut...
.
I think must've said something to about something I told you.
It was awkward.
Real housewives of atl reunion!
Nene is out of control She needs a dildo in her mouth so she can shot up
NPR analysis of Romney's healthcare views, on air right now, hinges on differences in hardcover and paperback jacket copy.
ck us us out.
When your hourglass runs out of sand you can't flip it over and start again
For some odd reason, I find it strange that Goldman Sachs is on Facebook and Twitter.
Does someone flip a coin to see who posts?
oh, well.
Indigo Vanity a female jerker who takes pride in what she is
Order sent yesterday to Michael in NJ!
Ayyyeee, nice fall!
:
Holiday song of the day at Avatar's office  Dean Martin  Let it snow!
Just got done watching MDLNY So bummed it's the season finale!
Be back soon and have a great summer!
i wish windows would render fonts as awesomely as mac os
Today will be a day for pampering, I need my hair washed deperately, It's been two weeks.
get a camera well make the ill scoot videos
Cheers Ken!
I hope your week is going well so far.
Mine just got better thanks to a beautiful Méo Camuzet Bourgogne Blanc!
I am looking for recommendations for visualization/archive tools for twitter hashtags.
Please?
Agree!
Lovely story; thanks.
Only parents have the right/responsibility to bar a child from particular information
hoping to win some of that
Hey!
Are you coming to the Friends dinner?
We need to know by tomorrow at the latest.
Who To Follow suggestions are a worthless mix of mediocre celebrities and others with next to no connection to my interests.
MY BUTTONS AREN'T STICKY ANYMORE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I HEARD YOU COULD PUT PEROXIDE ON IT...THANK YOU LIZZIE!!!!!!!!!!
Ugh too good to be true I guess.
Now I feel like a moron.
i think the delta probate is today...im so excited XD

Is whole wheat pasta something I can incorporate?
Should I look to rice pasta instead?
NOT a fan of Atl traffic....been sitting on this ramp for 25 mins and counting!
Sittn thru rehearsal for 'The Odd Couple' My bro travis is vinnie.
Trivia at the Highlands Ranch Applebees tonight!
It all goes down at 9:00 p.m.!
RT : Video of the team that worked on our RHoK challenge.
Intro by Great event by 
In times like these I can never tell if its a panic attack or my depression setting in
!!!
RT : Nobody cares bitch
The International Beauty Show has too much to see!
Top hair care  skin care brands are demonstrating their products and new lines
Omg headache!!
No more going out until a long time too much alcohol
best advice I've heard all day.
I'm with you.
Coco crisp is a real name?!
you already know friend...I was looking for you the other night
One thing this semester about some writing was that it was a bad information dump.
LOL
TRAFFIC ALERT: Several miles of backup NB on the I from Hwy 30 on up to MM134 due to semi crash.
Use alternate routes to bypass.
While you were sleeping provided a big brother or sister to help guide a kid in the right direction
Your stupid
sounds yummy!
Merry Xmas!
I wanted to go to the nail shop tho!
A few, including the Mayor, have been recalled.
Problem is, more corrupted Cubans are lined up right behind them w/ hands out
Yeah, that effed up plot about treacherous sadcores I dig that Just left ETA at Aliante w/ a pint of pale ale in me belly.
With all of the NC hate flowing around the intertubes, I may just pretend I still live in Georgia until another state does something stupid.
Thank you for the RT!
This talk right now at 's 
is my idol!!
How perfect is she!!
Love love her!!!
for now it will have to work!
how was work?
Just got a copy of the Wall Street Journal!!!
It's the diary of some guy named Jake from the occupy protests.
Lilyhammer what a great showtalk about character development!
And I thought Norway?
No way!
What do you think the chances are Mark Lyons comes to Arizona?
What do you think it would mean for the Cats??
ah, Hi guise :
Morning Los Angeles!
im doing ballinabucket, and tugawar yup fourth year in a row for both events :D
Sadly, true.
Hey sleep would be great right now.
skip it!
lakers will choke
LOL, so I heard she got her ass beat today.
Dumb bitch deserves it.
Hi Greg, I'm enjoying your writeups on the Glad you were able to stop in at HQ.
It's one of my favorite places.
We will never know all of God.
Always seek another side of Him!
He has plenty to show you!
Great dunk by the Jegos Center!
I would be ok with that but would probably prefer margarita or vodka cranberry.
: 
ifyouknowmeyouknow I love God, my Pug, and Boston.
I created and I'm looking for a new
I would!:
So cool!!!!
Tmoney never seemed so intense : lol
Hello sir, I was referred to you by hope all is well God Bless!
check the last email we sent out to all candidates for full info
Get ready for Tonight!
Guest List Arrive Early, we will hit capacity!
Tables are Highly Suggested!
i don't want house food tho,,,
ThingsMyMotherSays Why Do You Have A B In Math?
Mom....
Have You Heard Of Derivatives And Limits?
Fuck Calculous .
Love is so cliché.
OH: Just try not to occupy the same space at the same time as I am.
Going on a spiritual journey this summer
: I've been called the songbird of our generation by those who have heard me www.brysonjennings.com good stuff
Yesterday was pretty trippy, we seriously walked like 10 miles hahaha
He said don't worry everything is water proof!!!
Oo
World peace????
I have no issue with gay marriage...what I do have an issue with is STUPID PEOPLE and country folk who marry their cousins!
Oops, okay?
You looks looks pretty cool huh ...
XD
April showers bring May flowers...Wait I guess it's a little early????
It's not to early to get your Easter treats!
See you soon!
3 points for the 7th time this season!
Still undefeated  still on top of the league.
Good game by
been lagging it on my hw lately...
Wendy thanks for the RT
Who are you to doubt Mayweather?
Does it again.
CLUB TiKAY GONNA BE LiVE ON SATURDAY SEPTEMBER 10TH
I'm upset I'm going to bed
I just want 2 C a local agent actually write about why it is a good time 2 buy.
Not just repost national msn.co articles.
Behind every strong organization/person is a strong diet.
Ha your past few tweets were all about greeaat food!
I'm part of an unintentional how many nights of interrupted sleep can one have before going crazy test this week.
Day 4: Sanity waning.
I was on Russian Dolls show, on Xfactor, on America's Got Talent.
I feel I need to share my interesting experiences.
Book?
in case you didn't hear, we have 1.99 MEDIUM CHEESE PIZZAS from but hurry the deal ends tonight!
Let's go OKC!!!
Welcome to TweetVille!
Everyone should follow these guys  awesome products!
Charging at Monday with full force and looking forward to our lunch time yoga break already!
you make me proud to be an American
Thanks for the follow  can't wait to try your new service!
They're bring back the Hollywood Squares as Hip Hop Squares?
I can't wait!
WHERE is this.
gorgeous.
And Haha my first pick would be a London apartment
Welcome to the South Loop!
We'd love to feature you on our blog to inform our residents!
Can we contact you for more info?
sounds good to me
That is really sad!
: I'm glad to see Mitt hasn't backed down and has put on his shortlist for VP.
she told me yesterday that it was about lexy
Saturday Night Live UP!!
DJ Cut  Huggie inside, BIg Worm on the patio.
Hip Hop, RB,TOP 40 and Old School for your enjoyment!!
damn since when did you start sleeping thru the nights?
back from math class, time to get organized, do my laundoctor, work on math homework, pack my bags, sleep, then ball state tomorrow!
Great meeting you tonight!
Hey there fellow Tweeters!
Remember, to wrap those pipes for the winter!
This will save you the possibility of a flood from broken pipes!
it always appears that way!
anytime young princess and appreciate you boo
It was wonderful to speak yesterday at the North Shore Conference, your an amazing group of successful women...to follow up an learn more...
omg stop cracking me up!
I miss your craziness!
3
To the girls not wearing yoga pants at the gym...FIGURE IT OUT!!!
where is that?
Hm....sounds familiar!
!
lmfao at you
thestreakcontinues  ZERO.
Read that again: ZERO.
Not ever shortens to N'EVER.
Gooseegg.
Nada.
Never.
plone templates in fall?
not everyone has weighed in and many are going to press for libguides
aw thank you so much!
I told him that I didn't like basketball but listened to him all the time.
Finally starting to feel a bit normal again..
hey What's that app called that tells you the people you follow but don't follow you back????
OMG I saw that on Friday night!!
Its super good.
The director and Genesis were at my theater too.
Tune in to news tonight as I weigh in the proposed rate hike/service cuts.
Investigative journalism at its finest?
Not sure if I am ready for the weekend to be over yet...
Chippewa, Eau Claire, Clark, Dunn Co's: Kristen Dexter is the Real Dem in Senate District 23!
Vote Tuesday, May 8!
RT wanna stay n Dallas until youre outta cash?
No place to hide, theyre comin at you from every angle?Hide out at Dallas Ritz
I bet everyone who says they really like salmon is just doing it to be cool.
Its the hipster of fish
Tis a series of very unfortunate events.
Hey who wants a followback ?
it was fun loved it
I have the weirdest doctorams after i take NyQuil...
Tonight is the night!!!
more than happy to!
I can smell pasta getting ready....must be another festival coming up.
www.wvihf.com Allegro performs on Sat Sept 3  4pm Main Stage!
lol that's funny and you know it bet it get you Followers
now step up  make it a federal government civil rights issue like racism is.
States are not arbiters of who gets human rights.
Some people need to grow the hell up already.
GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER...your priorities are mixed up...work comes first, then play
email and she'll take care of it xx
Lol at these people playing pattycake at the stateline
text me back
Cinco de Mayo  Mucho FUN!
Please remember to Party Responsibly!
The words supplemental doctorft still scare me since the Giants used a 1st or 2nd to snag Dave Brown, QB,Duke
Read several of The Canterbury Tales to round out one hell of busy week in my British Literature class.
Oh, that Chaucer  he's so racy.
Artists, donors  organizations are unlikely to push for change in museums; it comes from communities.
Doug Borwick
Who's ready for school to start????
Mom is :
I think I reflect sunlight
yep, watching the game right now.
One day I'll thank myself for studying so hard...
But right now it's kicking my butt

my biggest lie ever ..
yeah!
I remember last summer !!
RT : Did you save a ton of money by switching to Geico?
Then buy some art.
Part of the reTweet series by Deb Kracht...
doctornk doctorver kills teenager in car crash bond 1mill Man shoots and kill teen on purpose bond 150k ....
Wow
I feel like a creep just sitting in mcdonalds by myself .....
Well yeah, I'm sure in business class!
Headed to Rafters
Die.
Just go away
Deals Exeter: Up to 75 Off at Martins Cleaning Services from Groupon MyCityDeal
Something I tell my students: red ink is good.
It means your story is big enough to have room to grow.
Not every story is.
.....Signs.
I meant signs.
Dancing and running around in the rain!!
Tuesday TY's going out to: and of course,
Although chocolates have endured for centuries, numerous individuals still adore consuming them
Yeah, it's gotta be a rough day for you.
Smh.
doctor Bagnato is giving attendees much research and best practices for better child development  educational well being.
100th tweet goes to cl And my Home Run ball tonight!
The whole idea is to see how much emotion and inner life actors can give their characters.
All you 4am or sleepless twitches: we should all do coffee and a Danish next time
300 followers and counting...Thank you Chicago!
Let's celebrate with bartab doctornks tonight!
RT : There's a big difference between putting a video up on YouTube and letting them watch it live 
Pacific Sands has an interesting product line.
Do you have an open house scheduled?
Homework Sucks!
Dx
And add supermoon night to the mix and you get some really weird shit!
Hahaha!
Want a bit of Friday fun?
Google 'Bloomberg careers' and read the description on the first result.
Seriously.
It won't disappoint!
Funny thing about today  I got to inbox zero and then left the office....
Loadin' on stage, game time  The Lodge 1pm
I do love my job though!
BEYOND ready for Graduation 
Wow, have we hit 1 hour already???
Too cold for outdoor exercise?
Try indoor cycling, pilates, or the barre method!
All are excellent calorie burners.
what's your Gameday Specials?
You're quiet on the twitter front.
Don't let the bastards get you down.
MURFC returns to the road this weekend as they take on UWPlatteville in Platteville,Wisconsin!
I ditched to go to Burger King before beat that :/ lol
I'm the type of person that tries to fall back asleep in the morning just to finish a doctoram.
I don't like the fact that boys just sit there and think its okay to mess with girls feelings .
that was the first tweet all day that made me LOL.
I love it...
I feel like my life was taken away from me
Just a few hours until Builda the ReBicycler comes out for iPad...and it'll be free for the first 24 hrs!
best wishes today...make it count for yourself and others...
Cuts4aCause is quickly approaching!!
Make your appt today and help out these great organizations!!!
TRAVEL CH.!
Put some maple syrup on that shit
Mercy rule if Inge homers.
The two most beautiful words in the English language are 'check enclosed' Dorothy Parker
Why thts so sad

That's a great video with Chris Westfall.
Thx for sharing!
OK, you need to password protect your wireless router because wo/ a password ANYONE can pick up your wireless internet signal.
Today sports wear shall be Fairfield PE :p
did you watch the Winter Classic Saturday night?
It was awesome!
Brand new fragrances by Caudalie!
Perfect for summer!
my duckies are getting so big.:
Which nhl team did taylor green hate growing up?
Plus cubs manager dale sveum on his return to MKE on the on deck show at 6!
sounds good man.
Ill hit you.
I adore clothes, I adore doctornking.
I just don't have the time or the inclination to totally indulge in it  Christine Baranski
I got Jones.
U?
after a sweaty and emotional game, knocked me off my throne...where he reigns as the current Fantasy Land ping pong champ
I did the same thing.
Told my wife we're lucky, it could've been much worse!
LOL!
Right?
love
a fresh new beach cottage look 
HI BEAUTIFUL.
When you coming over again?
I need a good shavin;
road dogg, hacksaw, skip sheffields character, triple h
I'm floored by the quality of the work by the Visual Communication Design students at OSU.
Add cayenne to hummus or soup to spark your metabolism and burn more calories.
I love your website!
I think I will become a member later tonight.
Quest is much better!!!
: If your screen name has the number 69 in it, you're going to jail.
you're so gross!
Lady doesn't want you to wield your sword anywhere near her!
God it's gonna be a hot one today.
Good day to see a movie after work.
...stay here and get the stuff kicked out of us or we can fight our way back into the light.
We can climb out of hell.
One inch, at a time.
Don't tell me what to do.
harvested jerusalem artichokes!
planted brassicas.
gorgeous day for gardening!
Wow...almost got knocked down by a air life chopper..save 1 hurt another...ty
My dog squealed when her paw got stuck behind her ear while scratching.
I have never seen her hurt herself.
Time to brush!
You know what I love?
Finding bras that fit on the clearance rack.
Woohoo!!!
2dollarbra :
Get a Les Paul and a Crate 212 with effects
We are journalists regardless of where we are.
Home girl really want me to go to the strip club with her but i grown out that shit years ago.
in play, out RT i should have said i can't watch...on the gameday app.
sometimes i wish i was into the use of blackmail.
fortunately i'm classy.
UNFORTUNATELY karma is not.
Give me attention; I need it now.
CRASH: Hwy 217 NB just prior to 99W traffic backed up to I5 prior to Carmen doctorve
I like how the concept video glasses are always so stylish but the functional ones are closer to motorcycle helmets
give me a sec.
twisting the forget me stick up...lmao
My baby never really like Happy meals They pissed him off from 9mns 2 at 3 he just want the toys and apples anything else is trashed Im oO
you already know!
Nothing tastes as good as skinny feels ...Happy Birthday Kate Moss!
With your free account you have access to our community forum to provide you assistance in getting your Tshirt biz up and running on
Todays personal devotion: Power in moving to higher ground.
What of I was an Irish Carrot.
Now would Louis love me?
I'm using your sweater as minnie's bed for now, hope you don't mind :p
YOU GO CHRIS MANN.
YOU DA MAN.,
just fell off the couch laughing.
feel better.
I was starting to get pissed.
Thanks for the mention, Kent!
its the Balotelli Aura!!
At the end of one, the Mavericks lead the Clippers 2719 in our Game of the Night.
LA CLIPPERS!
BLAKE GRIFFIN.
NUFF SAID.
I scratch under my cat's chin then kiss her forehead a billion times and she doesn't try to run away because the scratching feels so good.
That was not hooking!!!
I think I have a job will see wat happens Monday volunteer 2 start but eventually a paid position  an assisted living house very excited :
Hate when people put OG EVERYTHING when the shoes came out last month.
Leaving for Natural Products Expo West in Anaheim, CA...
But on Sunday I got free street parking directly in front somehow.
Magic.
Thanks for the follow Sarah Pinto!
:
always waiting for Journey, Styx, Alabama and Metallica.
Yes I am strange.
: Youre opinion only matters to me if you do.
Eduardo Corral and Jose Antonio Rodoctorguez have been mentioned by Christian Wiman...and recent poems of his

Hey Mark, I'm looking for someone with strong IIS / web admin skills for a fulltime role...up to 7580K.
Know anyone?
lol it's a teen party and after this theirs a club party

Thx for the support my friend.
Much appreciated!
RT : Its saddens me that its so hard to create new jobs that are healthy for americas future, but jobs of war take no time at all...
So proud of my Sr dancers tonight.
They rocked the stage and showed what they love to do.
I am so inspired by each and every one of you.
Xox
8 Mile  Denver/LA game
Thanks for spreading the word and helping anhkc increase awareness
Hope Everyone Is Enjoying Their Day 3
maybe we get some lunch if you are free
blackberries are not toys.
Sophomore year is almost over and I wouldn't change a thing about it!
I've enjoyed every bit of it!
Nice!
Keep up the good work on social media
Lay your heart down the ends in sight.
Are you knocked up?
RT : I'd really like to stop throwing up.
Some niggas ain't got no shame
Keep your friends close, enimens ever closer.
Because not everybody is your friend.
up to anything fun today?
Watching formulaD with my daughter.
She's not really interested.
:
Babe is home!!!
Weekend commence!
theres always time you just say
Oh no.
My coworker is supposed fly to Dallas this afternoon and head up to OKC.
I hope flights are getting out.
are you going to the Met Ball?
Will we see pictures??
Thanks for the RT Kathy!
Have a great Tuesday!
So far classes don't seem so bad...
Thanks for following me.
What a cool concept!
Really happy to hear about you guys.
Look forward to trying it out!
Next week is my last week of school.
3 thank god.
Only 10 years 10 hours ago the united states of america was under attack!
god bless and pray for the lives lost that day
Thanks to everyone who came out for the taste test  SJSU!
It was a lot of fun!
Video coming up soon.
Sorry I forgot the come to the tilden dance with me
Hank Aaron is, and always will be, the true home run king.
Period.
Follow us for a chance to win cool prizes every Wednesday!
ps.
PhillyHunt Loves the
Shrobble RT : whats that sound u make when u shit and throw up at the same time?
girl this don't make any sense.
I took mines at the start of 3rd quarter.
Sigh.
so tonight was pretty good..probably gunna watch some Kevin Hart now.
I guess that's why your name starts with ODD on here.
Clearly, karma is a slut.
You can't stand next to me and act like everything is alright between us...
lmfao omg i havent left yet!
no problem!!
I've come to the conclusion why cry over spilt milk, no one really cares but u!
I'm tired
Black Friday shopping with friends!
Come see me play tomorrow with members of Michael Buble's band tomorrow in Santa Monica.
NO COVER!
hotelcasadelmar.com
with the cake I had my eye on, and didn't get, but there is a carnival next year, I'll get another chance.
I was 3  4, in Fircrest, Bill
recipe please?!
According 2 my middle.sch boys...Roland smith, IQ 2 even BETTER than 1
Prognostic factors of which  Health Center
the refs want to help the lakers beat the spurs????
i am shocked and appalled
That's ok, we've all been there.
I've nipped at least 2 pieces of wood type with the Vandercook grippers in my day.
Staying at Pop's Lake for phish at SPAC?
I rented a school bus to get us there  back.
Message me if interested.
20 round trip each nite.
Doing Virtual School.
Welp this is kool.....??????
Should of jus went home for this
Pitts says TX House won't be able to vote on SB 1581 until SB 1811 finished.
Is anyone elses house REALLY hot?!
I Figured the only way I'd beat you to the punch with FF was to post it just after midnight, hee hee.
so, what do you do?
They were delicious, we ended up frying some and doing clam chowder with the rest
Okay I'm sad, sick and just making it even worse
Tell a bedtime story
Also check out Appyhour...an hour devoted to apps, I'm in 2 conversations tonight , lots of learning : , all archived
Boston vs.
Philly in the playoffs!
You ready?
There is a new product special, if you buy any two of our four featured products you get a free travel size of creme de coco shamp  cond!
.
Excellent twitter 101 overview.
Branding, picking an avatar, what to put on your bio, not freaking about yr  of followers
To be free to bless...you must be free from serving yourself...
I hope I cry through the entire episode!
yes soon :
Why has worldwide been stuck in my head all day...
seeing what this muscle milk about...
At work so can't watch project or punk'd but that's why I have dvr first thing I'm watching when I get home..
Really down on for altering the future with its 2008 story: Time Traveler: Everyone In The Future Eats 
Thanks for the replies, mentions, favorites and retweets last week:
inegrity is a core value of my organization...what is the meaning in a spiritual context?
Chyeah!
Stay positive my dude.
The 2 Carlsons have made me ask  what makes a good team name?
What was your favorite team name from the past?
Philly philly you make the others look silly
Windy day here in
Does your establishment have WiFi?
I'm coming they Appomattox on Monday.
This too shall pass.
suddenly my tweets about my meal seem insignifigant haha lol
I bought a blender, a 50 pack of straws, and a spatula to see if the cashier would joke that I was stir crazy.
He didn't.
I'm done living.
So I feel terrible that I haven't been doing any promoting lately!
GLJ deserves better than that, so I'm getting back into this!
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your doctorams.
Oprah Winfrey
i must sayy being bakk in Cali feels good!
Increases invstmts in ed for things like ESEA, IDEA, HeadStart,  the Child Care  Dvlpmnt Block Grant
The press has now coined Tebow as God's Quarterback.
I hope he's not the only one.
OMG man some times people
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart...peace!
Checkout Interview with Brother Chris Johnson and see how Simba Changes lives Simba Camp 2011...
not help us by donating...
Yes you were Did U see that Mark Emmert will be on the Scott Van Pelt show tomorrow?
Don't doctornk and doctorve  you might hit a bump and spill it.
Murphy's Law
I'll take 1 of your summer action again
and  promoting peace and harmony in the world!
Let's Create Peace, Y'all!
that's good baby send me more pics
your body double had a big gainer.
Mayo.
Gaga:'Operation: KILL THE BITCH!
Me: Operation: MEET THE BITCH!
watch out!
my dog got a hold of a rabbit once and a few days later we were dealing with tape worms coming out of her butt.
Trust is the glue that holds relationships together.
The more you demonstrate trust in others, the more they will trust you.
Be careful out on the roads  Dane County Sheriff's Office will have extra deputies out looking for doctornk doctorvers!
4 people busted ovenight.
Hello.
Thanks for the follow.
Happy travels!
Yayayay!
superpumped RT : guess what?
I get to see you today!!
its okay, turn to you is only my favorite song in the history of the universe, nbd
Demi Lovato Signs on to Judge 'X Factor': Demi Lovato has officially signed her deal and will be a judge on the next season of The X...
Looking forward to seeing everyone at eg12conf !
We'll be in the exhibits area!
Whether you like wine, beer, food truck treats, clothes, jewelry or peoplewatching, come to 57 Degrees tonight!
1735 Hancock, San Diego
natural causes ?
plans to babysit for tonight canceled what to do what to do
Must practice another 21 day retreat.....
Breathe IN....
breathe OUT....
whoosaaa
another blessed day
Prime Rib Chili is back at Ward's!
See you for lunch?
glad to hear!
Where is home?
wtf is this
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 65
Both have great smiles!
Thank you for following me 
I always do eat pizza!
RT eat some pizza!
w/ the babe .
excited to be going to Connecticut today to photograph the opening of the new store tomorrow in Westport!
Thanks : RT Happy Mother's Day Honey :
she said the only time she get
Made homemade pho for dinner and for the rest of the week
time for an iPhone :
RT : How has jessica simpson still not given birth to this baby?
I'm getting frightened.
God DON'T LIKE UGLY
Thanks for the follow.
Following back!
I'd say a seminar, maybe.
But I studied with Deborah Eisenberg, Denis Johnson, Marilynne Robinson it's a high bar for me.
Tomorrow is prom, time to start freaking out....yes!
I wish oomf took German class with me so I could cut up with them about it!
Ouch!
Thanks for the update.
Was considering purchasing.
them!!
Your killing me!
getting ready for work ..
and it's going to be weird because im mad
It didn't say, but I assume so.
Chiefs doctorft DT Dontari Poe with the 11th pick in the
Thx so much for the mention and RT!!!
FF before Friday is over!
Heh.
I bought my first real vacuum cleaner not that long agocan you tell?
:
i told u it was gnna die
I'm lol'ing at the people in my class who think my outline is too professorssional.
Take an English class, for Christ's sake.
The guys from that new show on usa network are cute.
I'm glad 3 ppl r 33 u, my mom, and dad
Check out Springboard for female CEOs who have had successful exits.
There are a lot who could speak  the next SVBCEO summit.
No one ever asks me to play anything like Brahms.
Either I hang out with the wrong crowd, or my limitations are obvious.
hahahahaha is he in a speedo again?
Oh you know I can't let you go...without tappin' dat ass...One.
More.
TIME!
I hope it rains all night so I have a guaranteed amazing sleep
Love 1 another: for love is of God;  every 1 that loveth is born of God,  knoweth God.
He that loveth not knoweth not God; 4 God is love.
Just made vegetarian stew for dinner!
Yumm :
is laying on my couch right now.
I'm trying to sheep dog him into my bedoctorom, wish me luck.
Just You And I...c:
Nap time?
I LOVE THAT SONG
not bad ;
See you there.
BTW, I've interviewed you in the past at Eagles training camp in Bethlehem backintheday.
OK, let me know.
fathersday is so so so so soon.
have you bought a gift yet?
ditch the golf balls and bbq sets he's used to.
surprise him.
:
yes, it's most important that we get the correct breakfast bars!
How are you?
happyfriday xo
You can't teach passion.
You can't fake hunger.
When it comes time to burn w/ fire, to devour your muses and spit them out, you'll know why.
SF Flamencos!
Don't forget to followup on your Perkville points...
come to class, get points, collect points, get more classes!
Consider how joins families and ECE services in a cohesive manner.
Teaching parents  success in school.
What's up
Thugs in uniforms MT  MT I an important question that needs to be asked is: Are the right people becoming cops?
is this u michael?
damn right we do
m..Jones Cream Soda
Most Jews are for a safe Palestine.
But we are also against terrorism and we need safe borders.
We want peace for peace!
August Strindberg I love her and she loves me and we hate each other with a wild hatred born of love.
please follow me back:
It's a sad day when you have nothing to talk about to your bestfriend.
65  95 with limited GA dance floor tix.
I think it sold out last year, but the show reviews I've read were less than positive
I have to carry a lot of water because I'm an African American female scientist.
Shirley Malcom, AS.
Big ups to my youngest sister, Kim, who got undeferred and into Pitt, her number one choice!
man, good to see ya'll as crew
I hope karma slaps oomf in the face before I do.
Start a petition for Santa too while we're at it.
Hello spring!
Looking forward to s Media Mixer tonight w/ , Gillian Flynn of and of !
Still got time to the black house 4 the cypher
Lmfao, I fucking adore Taeyang's brother; he's too cute!
my dad is huge fan, so I figured I would follow you.
Plus I love to run.
Oh yea I love eating vegan too.
Catching up on Bones episodes, wee!
I would just translate it directly as Aiya.
ah i love spain!
that's so exciting!
Banana Hair Smoothie Masque, gonna try it today.
DDMGiveaway RT this and be entered to win 2 tickets for Farmpark for Rail Roads in the Park May 5th or 6th!
hey all
The next 10 people to follow will get 100 followers by the end of the day LEGGO...........
I need food.
Or doctornks.
But mostly food.
New articles posted as well as some improvements in Flogger Falls and the Main Site.
When lightning strikes the ocean why don't all the fish die?
absolutely delightful and out of this world!
Whew.
Thank you, warning label.
I was actually considering using my new floor lamp in the shower.
jersey4sale Jual FC Barcelona Training Kit Size S,M
Wife left with kid.
Empty house.
All alone.
Time for naked situps and project runway.
I know y'all don't care but this game Design home is cool!
I have a kid now in it
Thanks for being awesome enough to listen to JackWhite!
doesn't need as much help as yours!
Happy 4/20 everyone!!!
tonight in Nashville and game 5 of playoffs go Predators!!!!
Frack it works just as well.
I'm finished the HungerGames books what to read next?
if I get 130 followers,i will celebrate.Jus like when I hit 125 followers
Damn relationship shit, quit keeping me up girl!!
foreal now I can't sleep damn woman snores like TRex.
Keep doctornkin why she sleepin
So I ask my girl where are the spark plugs and she points at the dipstick 
Hello Seattle!
Good to see you again so soon.
Once u kno how they make a movie...watching them are neva the same
so there are no other options but jersey shore?
I often confuse organic with eat as much as you want!
Who you are isnt what youre going through..
turn up the music
song of the day ...
Lamb of God  Redneck!!!
its a mutha fuckin invintation!!!!!
this week at www.risenmagazine.com: Jack Johnson, Dean Nelson, Sam Flores , Mark Hoppus
Ecc 10:19 A feast is made for laughter, And wine makes merry; But money answers everything.
Lieutenant Colonel Merryl Tengesdal was the first Black Woman to Fly the Air Forces U2 Spy Plane InSpotter app
.
Thanks for giving us a shoutout.
See you there!
In 10 days, it is Flood Awareness Week, April 1822.
Learn more!
www.facebook.com/wakecountysmartstart
who?
I only remember real talent.
Thanks for the retweet.
Wow, I can get my eye contacts for 1/2 price, 35 instead of 68, online.
Sorry eye doctor, but I ain't got no job.
delaney in her sleep Laney Hey...
Did they redecorate?
Me what?
Laney shut up, Im not on my DS.
:D
Make one today!
RT : Usually a blend of sweet tea, lemonade, a splash of sprite.
God Bless Texas.
Thank You misterClone, I'm never going to the valley again
So excited for the second year!
Just registered for Great Milwaukee Race on
CBS Sports shouldn't have interfered with our weekends this way.
Should have reported on Monday and then let it go...
Friend or foe?
That is the question.
WhyILoveYou is because your you.
Oh no!
So sorry to hear that.
If you want, DM us your Zipcard  and we'll take a look.
thank you!
Just wrote her a note :
Me either!!
Sounds like so much fun!
April showers, bring May flowers...
Your Lakers 5.5 line is a good one.
I'll still lay the points even though it's a 5 point game now.
I need new nail polish...
starlight theater fan
Thanks to and , I am getting my share of conference system hold music today ;
LONG day!
Finally relaxing.
Don't think I'll ever let my place be a shoot location ever again...famous last words...
this WILL work.
When you're thinking 'bout me, text '143', that means I love you.
Girl I'll be your everything and all you need.
Baby let your heart take...
RIP mister Cronkite: RT : CBS Evening News: 'The Most Trusted Man in America,' Walter Cronkite has died.
And I love YOU!
Miss you beautiful!
Best Fight I Ever Saw Wit My Guy  In Conneticut For My Guy Czar
I need that
Enjoy your weekend to the fullest, sweetheart!
In other words, doctoram big, kids, and you, too can be a professorssional football player or super model
Guys making fun of you are just jealous!
Dont let it get to you.Stay strong,  keep dancing!
My fam and I r rooting for you!
Town of henrietta Can Suck My Ass!
A more open form of government, one that is approachable and responsive to the citizens of the town BS!
My haters are my motivation!
You had a chance with me and since I'm with him, you want me?
looks like you have a hit with VCO Cam.
I use it a lot.
Any chance that we will ever be able to adjust strength of filters?
Hahahaha I was dying 
you are my best friend too.
3 never leave me
My phone is all stupid today
Wow.
That is serious commitment to the cause.
I remember seeing your documentation at RPSCollective last year!
This girl has her eye brows doctorwn....
And it looks so stupid.
Requests and Belmont BBQ on the Powerdoctorve at 5 w/Helen Powers!
Studio: 978 1023 or
Once again, my pendulum said that President Obama will be reelected in November 2012.
What does your pendulum say about that?
How you gon say your gonna bite me, knowing that you don't have any teeth
Amen to that.
I find it hard to believe that book's still gonna be current in 2013.
yah he would, my persian parents r different than most haha
It's glue, right?
They put glue in the crust?
JUST KIDDING!
be glad you are'nt waiting on the bee guy!!
lol
P90rex looks at Gordons thighs in the workout room, and wants to put a leash on them
It actually wasn't that bad at all.
: You are just really sore the 3rd day.
It was a lot better than I thought it would be!
Social media marketing will surpass SEO marketing in the next 5 years fact via
: sleep in and be late?
Lol Yup!
Exactly :
Thanks for the great post about
Fully Functional Human!
Available now!
Ewww i hate being late to horsebac riding
like the new AP.
I bought the rose and brown strap
That 13yrold exhibit gets more hits than any of our sites by a wide margin.
Obv design hasn't aged well.
Lol then why you even throw that in there?
That awkward moment when you spell the simplest words wrong.
crashes
The awkward moment when you are on the rts bus and there are tons of empty seats and someone smelly sits right next to you.
good news is they renewed parenthood.
HAHA!!
I have bad luck with that car period leonardo was not nice to me lol.
I have to find a new name for my next car.
May all your christmases be white !
:'
: Absolutely LOVE Cover2Cover.
And incredible service from  Thanks for the kind words.
Thanks for supporting!
Out for a date day and night all planned by my baby!
You rock!
All I know is I'm not as into the show now that you're gone.
And either Jessica or Joshua is gonna win.
The move is over but the unpacking  finetuning continues
it's so wonderful that they are holding this festival in Gaza.
thank you for the link.
and looking forward to seeing you today!
Following such a sexy woman like you is a pleasure.
Im sure many men would enjoy having u enjoying them ;
because we can't spell?
I'm filming my movie, Pick Me!, today.
Wish me luck.
Some of our favorites!
thanks  we were working on a tight sched and low budget so we did the best we could!
Wish we'd had more time to fix it!
Haha no just a truck
Ok ad was the best ending to an ad so far
ok, just as long as we're clear that we're not going to talk anymore about how f''ing awesome C C is, you and I are cool.
HermEdwards on MikeAndMike: These are the best players and coaches in captainvity.
The Saints will adjust.
Gotta love Herm.
Listening to heavy metal on the radio.
I would 'bang my head' but it makes my jowls wobble.
Naked Harry is trending ....
hahaha ;
Take advantage of this Lets go
Calling for snow on Monday  and I have pirate tickets
I like the medication because it lets me know that these aren't the doctorids I'm looking for.
I love how have M.
Cabrera and P.
Fielder ranked 1 and 5 respectively for 1st basemen for fantasy projections.
GREAT ADVICE.
I follow the doctorchmas.
Dear god, that little one is all sorts of cute.
Too bad we've already reached our limit of feline occupancy.
LauraJaneGrace joins a long list of trans musicians:
Thx!
Sorry for the slow reply!
I definitely can do some posts on Intuniv if you would like.
many thanks from : no prob!
The are happy to support!
first vote3
what is up :p
Now whining that Univ.
Of Chicago athletes are embarrassing for being short.
Lets Go Knicks, lets get in rhythm now that we have all our pieces
Best of luck sweetpea!
RT : Job interview friday!
Super excited!
First peppermint mocha of the season!
Thanks starbucks : : :
Linguist working on JimCrow as fostering a distinct African American dialect and it's connection to Southern English.
I think I want some chilis
yeah.
it's a weird place to move to when you're from a coastal region.
also, that made me think of kittens
Which career?
The science or the design?
thank you!!
Because I do not actually get a vacation I live vicariously through all of your vacation tweets.
I will pay for TV when I can order shows a la carte.
Until that happens, you can stop calling me, Time Warmer.
I'll stick with pirating.
that's my girl, true statement!
RT No influence is so powerful as that of the mother.
Sarah Josepha Hale
Not getting any writing done while doing all this traveling!
But I've read some good books:
and tell your cousin to follow me wink wink
Stoked about taping some Tapes n Tapes today.
Never consider the possibility of failure
Goodmorning my loves im swagged out in my pink outfit
I'm with you.
Lol imagine if loved me and enough too let us win the mg passes
luuuckky!
I'm gonna be bawlin my eyes out!
It's Thursday but we are signing out early.
Have a good weekend everyone, catch you next week!
I'm thinking of selling my wife's wedding band so I can go to a Red Sox spring training game this year
you're welcome, I noticed ur professorle following me, ur professorle seemed real so figured y not subscribe  yep I was trying 2 ice u out!
I NEVER used more than 14 a week!
thanks Mark!
hahaha could that be someone I know hahahaha
Wonderful!
Thanks so much.
By svn I hope you mean git because every time someone uses svn Linus kills a cat!
Reminder for grad students to nominate a professorand/or a colleague for the Victor Worsfold Award for teaching.
See email for form.
just sent!
Thanks again and hope to see you there!
looking forward to seeing and talking with you :
Dear Wednesday, I still hate you.
Regards, Brad
LG what great debate is going on?
Convention ctr?
Raising taxes again?
HELP!!
Yes, but it is important to remember there are a lot of lies taught in history classes :.
you read my mind, I was thinking of the same, need to talk to them about doing a live show there too.
How have I missed all your garden tweets?!
LA fans: If you missed our set last night at CIA then come to see at Amplify in Hollywood tonight at 7:30 with
You definitely are not alone!
I've just posted the article on my Facebook page so that all of my friends know about the ruling!
That's good!!
Staying productive is the move!!
follow the rules of the road, use the left lane for passing only, signal early so people can move, done ride brakes, keep moving.
Happy birthday!
my nights have been reduced to watching SATC reruns and playing fetch with my dog.
and eating oreos.
cw150 RT : Wednesday, 30th Pleasant.
Last night I made ready to leave and started this morning on the hack for...
Year of the Napoli: Part Two!
Thanks again to the Angels for making it all possible!
Boombozz's 23 Beers on Tap Countdown: 2:  more standards
Just booked my airfare for Vegas in July!
Having my friends turn 30 is way more fun than having them get married
Lacee should ride a Dolphin and go get Starling Marte to replace Presley
Im encouraged :
Thank you for the mention!
LOL!
I take your Is not and raise it by He's so hot he's causing global warming!
It will kill me if I don't get those tickets in the 1D car contest.
20ThingsAboutMe; 6.
I hate when my friends say I have a perfect life.
Money can NOT buy you happiness.
Who's got a license to kill???
ME!!!
BeastieBoys LOL ;
Hello!
Welcoming 3 new follows..
However, the Breaking Dawn Pt.
2 trailer where vampire Bella stalks her deer lunch was unintentionally memorable.
um I'll think about it
Steve Nash has too much game left to be a chaser.
Staying in PHX though means he has no desire to really want a ring.
so what will the big show do now....
I hate
what does caucasian looking look like pale white or tanned like the lady in new jersey
m something like that.
holiday1kiss deffinately throw a last minute christmas party......so much more fun!
:
All you early morning commuters don't forget to stop by and get yourself a Carne Adovada Breakfast Sandwich promotion code DELICIOUS88
im good you??
i got to go now ill tweet you tomorow xx
Field trip was exceptionally fun today!
I think new friends were made, which is always exciting!
A house is not a home for boomer retirement unless they start early on retrofitting the house to accommodate future senior living needs.
I wish it was hot enough to go bridge jumping .
doctorgged up
MY MOM SAYS I MIGHT GET TO SEE DEMI LOVATO IN CONCERT AT MT STATE FAIR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's amazing how it wasn't windy untill they went outside.
DONE and DONE!
Money's no object, wherever you wanna go!
ReserveIt
10 Years In Foster Care!
Tired of These Muthafukkers tryna control me!
Takin matters in my own hands!
We had the tickets mailed to us.
:/
Valid.
RT hahah yes that does make sense.
If it's not about Bob then what does it matter anyway?
Twitter is over rated.
she's awesome and brave.
I aint even bring my money to school 
i love my i phone 4
teamfollowback please follow  GREAT TEAM!!!
Sound AMAZING!
RT : Prime Rib  Wood Fired Rotisserie  Celebration.
Come celebrate National Prime Day
Ppl r weird
she deleted her FB page!.....
girl be going off the deep end now...
Glad U found me, !
I look forward to following you, too!
Local crust punk losses major street cred when he gets a professorssional to tattoo his face, instead of his best friend, Skunk.
I'm going to win it!
RT : no one wants to win the Masters this year
I swear on my life I'm going next time he's here.
racks on racks on racks!
Bitches by the 2, Noah's Ark!
Only in suburbia do you see 8 cars in the doctorve through at at 10:30 on a Thursday.
Anthony Bennett cuts Kentucky in another surprise move.
Down to just UNLV and Oregon.
it is beautiful here!
Hope it holds until sunset.
Apparently answering the question What do you like most in a woman?
with my dick gets you kicked off eHarmony
You don't seem to realize why what you're saying is highly offensive.
Next time!
Great guidelines, thanks!
Is your Dad an astronaut?
Because someone took the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
toms ass is gettin lonely lmao
we always have a couple of lovely Beemsters at each shop, so stop by!
so I created just for business  development, and held onto for personal life  CLT
RT Hi, how about that new Tapas place?
It's the only place I've been...
This week's been crazy  but good!
FinalFour depends on who you ask, but hoping for a MIZ KU rematch in finals!
Be gracious.
Know and follow the basic rules of etiquette.
Everybody likes to be around polite and mannerly people.
im so bored
holy crap, we love you then : haha!
RT The dictionary is the only place where success comes before work.
Mark Twain
Listening to the final mixes of the EP I'm not sure if you guys understand how amazing this is going to be.
GET STOKED!
I fully expect a Welty Symposium 2011 Reunion to happen as a conference panel sometime.
This group of writers have really gelled.
: If you can't feed a hundoctord people, then feed just one Mother Teresa quote
these last few years have been tough.
I lost my senses after social media.......
Another homework allnighter with This HAS to be unhealthy.
I don't think I remember what real sleep is.
When replied to your comment on instagram 3 weeks ago and you're still happy...hahah3
wish I was there..
have fun
God does not use amazing people, he uses available people to do amazing things.
dimmakstudios900286pm I JUST WANT YOU TO COME TO FLORIDA!!!
I read that last week, loved it and totaly inspired to run!
ready for a good day
Bummed I'm missing the 1st annual hackathon.
im such a bitch
I didn't get no calls from u...u sure u got right 
What's the best way to promote wine to the average Joe/Jane?
Wine specials!
Everyone likes a bargain, especially when trying something new.
My mom joking with my sister about her being an accident 
my legs hurt like ASHJFDHJSHDUKNHJKFHJDK,,
haha because i am fully dedicated to my academics here at northern
you are coming to Wichita falls Texas feb 11.
Would live to meet you in person.
Lunch?
Im OUT..Good Night..
You know those insipid eavesdoctorpped conversations you relay with multiple successive tweets?
More painful to us than to you.
teach me how to do that maybe I can no who to trust n who not to trust 
Reached level 10 Athletic Skill in The Sims 3 for PlayStation3
I'm so sad right now!!
doctorSE HAS BEEN THROUGH ALOT
I hate the cheetah.
Want a frosty golden one.
I feel like a
Looking to kick off the evening?
Come get a 22oz Green Flash.
Say, Make it good though.
bye bye  your tweets will be missed.
Gettin a Starbucks to start of a good Sunday..
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN
I don't blame Calipari for not wanting to play at IU's dump.
Their fans are out of control and they're not on our level.
Haha I noticed!
not creepy!
Its a product of your inspiration.
Needs to sit her ass down and stfu .
When I don't message you.
Doesn't mean.
I forgot about you.
I was just giving you time.
To miss me.
Actually, the RR I've gotten from CA has been good  my sister in law sends a care package every couple of months
Sorry, I don't like you.
i am forever growing never dying thats whats up!
please do, friend.
:
Some of these girls on my TL know they fine.
Sun's shining now in Roanoke after a gusher of a storm.
same reason but im bot to say fuck n pass if i can!
I want to win a new car!.
Work is perfect when its fun!
table arrangements are being prepared for the Premiere.
You'll be seated with the Director, Bryan Boykins.
Nole you look great as is, no need to put on weight
Just landed in Dallas for MVP2.0  can't wait to learn what's new in community commerce!
It's a beautiful day in the C.O.
equivalent to the cubs winning a world series 
Haha.
He's a fellow brother from Coe, rude boy.
Happy bday from a Bucks fan.
Rooting for you guys in the playoffs.
Fun team you got there.
People will want to know who you are, and the 1st thing they do is go to your professorle and look for a link to a site.
THANKS...
Stop the traffic...now let them through
Vin diesel and the rock
mad childish misterKelly..mad childish
So this is aallll my fault now?!
wtf.
bout to b back out ther bra
Seriously loving the cold rainy weather :/
Love your enemies.
It makes them so damned mad.
P.D.
East
RT Your pain will not go away by ignoring it, it will rear its ugly head around every corner, until you face the problem.
please follow me!!!
Your so awesome!!!!
BostonCeltics Paul Pierce hits wide open 3pt to close half  3836 Boston
Thanks goodness for signed hard copies!!!!
Nope, sorry!
I will bring the others when I see you next though!
:
track meet
great minds think alike...Flo has been on all last night and today.
why so sleepy?
Today's Specail: Kimchi Dog w/ Wasabi Mayo!
: your turn.
RT : On my Libra scale I'm weighing grams to put in this dutch master
Who I want to win: Hugo best picture.
Gary Oldman best actor.
Rooney Mara best actress.
Introducing a new way to Bartab  send doctornk credits!
Their credits, their choice.
good to see you guys today!
Thanks so much for coming to share your experience and knowledge!
That's a woman's right to choose, right?
Aw no huh lol Im sorry...I think ; RT ooh just up watching  avi of lol

Check that: last line of the Declaration of Independence :
Great wedding episode!
Love it!
OTH!
Same here!
that sad moment when im at home and you're at the beach.
: RT omg I saw your videos on YouTube and I love it!!
You're amazing girls!
good luck
Extra ticket to Carolina Chocolate doctorps and Po Girl Weds.
night.
Let me know if you are interested.
Oh.
My.
Gosh.
This is absolutely the best thing I've ever seen.
And I needed a little pick me up, too!
:
im gonna send a letter to you soon!
:
Thank you for the follow!
May I send you a play?
Best, Matthew Ethan Davis, plays published at Indie Theater Now
Your two boys are adorable.
Finally i found a way to calm down with out punching anyone or anything :
Just landed in Boston.
Where is the prossecco?
Why is it so cold?
Where are my girls at?

enjoyed our Skype call!
You're an awesome guy  friend.
Terry's THE best speaker u could ever hire to talk about the brain!
I am!
Love you more!
I'll be sure to thank you in my Tony speech!
;
College completely altered my life.
It changed what I believe and what I feel about everything.
I majored in philosophy.
Did you see what transpired to get him sprayed in the 1st place?
Hi EK All bst FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
Nope not even gonna go there I'm gonna be the bigger person growup!!!!!!!!!!!!
Seeing you all will definitely be the light at the end of this 18hour tunnel.
RT Win The New Apple MacBook Air!
Join our magnificent followers and mention to win!!
5000 followers needed
Refs be gettin paper!
something I wear everyday?
I'm not sure...
tell me more about what you're wanting to find and maybe I can figure it out?
116 questions on a test?
Not even a fucking final!!!!
damn I almost crashed
That was the sweetest scene between Kevin and Ethel.
Don't let her leave.
k you should;
please tell me the remoted was missing or something.
AHH SHUT UP U KNOW IM PLAYING SOMETIMES LMAO
ohh, counting crows scene with sebastian and annette
Goodbye, red hair.
:/.
Picking up a carseat  diapers from our Emergency Kinship Support warehouse for a new kinship family bring home a bundle today!
When it's decided, I start Tweeting and posting at school VERY OBSCURE facts about the show  see who can figure it out :
how you doin?
lol what you doing at your crib all by yourself??
That's when crazy nigkas like Jason and Freddy like to catch people lol
sounds amaze balls!
Can't wait :P
I want a real furry one!
: Still waiting for to receive their Grammy.
What's the hold up?
me too!
These waiting lists take forever...hah
Yup.
I just went there.
Love you both and your obsessions 
i follow all them VAP girls..
Ever been poor?
RT : I cannot believe anyone ever does anything to win a free tshirt.
Excited for dinner at Ristorante tonight  celebrating 62 years young for mom and dad.
FindSomeoneWho will protect you like a daughter, love like a mother, and kick any guys but that hurts you like a brother.
I think Maurice Sendak actually wrote very subtle parenting manuals.
Don't worry!
Its way too cold out for any of that nonsense this evening.
After last summer, said the only 1 I have left 2c live is doctorzzy.
And well, since I'm on this bucket list trip lately...leggo!
One Direction Shows That Anything Goes!
You fuck other people, and I fuck other people.
You're a slut, but I'm equal.
I'm a mutt, we're both evil.
100 miles, 100 miles, 100 miles, 100 miles.
You can hear the whistle blow 100 miles.
Somebody mention mee
what pho?
You need a new man sir.
Where ur chubby friend at?
I have made a ceaseless effort not to ridicule, not to bewail, not to scorn human actions, but to understand.
Baruch Spinoza
Creating your own business in these dynamic times is on of the most exciting things a women can do.
To our photography members  friends in Hurricane Irene's path: stay safe.
If you decide to take photos, be careful.
Woo Hoo Go Joshy!
Shout out to getting ready for his first Spring Training w the
gorgeous, thank you beautiful!
We Young Ladies Dont Go All Out The Way To Impress A Guy Thats Prolly Gonna Forget About Chu In Approximately 2 yrs.We Do It For Ourselves.
Yeah, how much  they recover at the fairbox!
Someone please get jessicasanchez a cheeseburger.
But wow what a voice!
don't cry let them know
I usually need some sort of weirdness to get into litfic.
jk, id say I love you, but your responses back are usually mean :p
See?
Now I suddenly feel a kinship.
You KNOW what UK fans have to go through.
Have a good night and congrats on the win in Dec
RT : Live music is best!
Make plans to get out  support your local Jazz scene.
She Ratchet !
M ima make this milkshake.
Omg do you want one?
No you dont u can watch me on skype eat/doctornk it tho.
Real life.
that's good or bad?lol I dnt know them engineerin terms.
3 minutes left in the game.
Vandy down by one.
6364 Kentucky.
I would if you follow me
I struggle with this as well RT Dialing down our passion gives room for others to dial theirs up
chat2lrn Interesting convo.
Lots to think of, including my own SMEness.
Oh really
I'm not clumsy.
It's just that the floor hates me, tables and chairs attack me, and the wall just gets in the way.
I SAW YOU...
But I don't think you saw me
i could've sworn i was home when i woke up though.
awkward.
all i got was awkward stares from the ladies in the office.
Just got that nice on campus per diem...Yes Sir !
HUGE Congrats to and for landing another whale!
haha ain't seen u on here n awhile!!
Got to let this burn .
Gunna try to get some asleep with this on my mind
Oreos  milk.
Best snack there can be when in a bad mood :
Remember.
First timers orientation at 530
Here for ya!
fashion tip 1 laugh hysterically to divert attention away from strong need of adult beverages
Awesome picture
Mfs dedicate overtime to damage my name but somehow I'm still the baddest in the game
budget officer further predicts FY2013 property tax income to go up for multiunit residential and commercial sectors
She spins and she sways to whatever song plays without a care in world.
And I'm sittin her wearin the weight of the world on my sholders 3
good point, 16 states passed the legal use so far.
Maybe it will happen here
Everyone should love someone justlove good night ppl 
yo i dun goofed.
I forgot about thursday.
Can we rearrange for sunday?
No matter what guys should not wear anklets unless required by law
well.
i just slept for 14 hours.
Shocking!
Imagine, a rich person staying  a posh hotel!
Once again, Fox News rips the lid off 1 of the stories re: real issues!
Just think Monday's in general r hardest.
As a manager, I tried Tuesdays.
I had a 14 person group once  made it Wed.
Why do I always burn my tongue with soup?
Ouch!
:/
Nothing like opening up that brand new car air freshner for the 1st Time
RT this if ur a hot pinoy and you wanna tweet me..:p
What a nice bath that was .
If you have never seen any of the DisneyMovies you have no childhood!
Why u wanna do Kanye like that...
Lol
what a great game...
ThatAnnoyingMoment when you feel like someone just rained on ur parade, popped ur last balloon, stole ur lollipop and ran over ur cat.
RT : You're welcome!
Have a great rest of the week!
/TYVM!
no not yet, but as much of a weenie as he is it should be fun when he does LOL
He still hasn't admitted he was wrong about that one  never will.
i know im just one in a million but please make my doctoram come true and follow me 3 5
Thanks!
It's only one day, right.
I'll mix a cocktail later and hopefully that will help!
Headed to MEXICO in the AM...don't even mind the early flight...I'll just be pool side that much faster!!!
So great to hear!
Stay in touch and we will keep you posted on whats going on in Indy!
about Manning it was always Payton first.
Eli is now the better of the two.

unknownDon't boast when you set out but only when you get there
: i need some affection in my life.I gotcha no homo well kinda is that insest lol
Thank You!
On the train going to mikes!
Abouta go take this u.s.
History eoc
What do you want to be when u grow up
Dancin in the moonlight is on the radio!!
:
Yes I do remember you!!
following you!!
What's up??
ill be doctornking with you!!!
I love bday months!
I'll be forever checking the mail everyday only to be disappointed because it's still not there yet.
Isn't it weird how they're always somewhere else?
you in the N.O?
Where you at now days?
Not surprised it's beautiful there!
Those nights happen too rarely here.
Good to know your friends are more important than me.
Especially, when you have seen them everyday for a week and I ask to see you 1 night.
: Check this!
We're debuting March 2012 issue w/us on the cover!
Look for it on stands hMttp://t.co/rOvdoctor1A
Some days I wake up and think...is this really me?
I get to do what I love and get paid for it!
Why do really good restaurants have such clean and nice restrooms?
not even...
Take her for ten!
I like the way u sound in the morning.
We R on the phone and without a warning...I realize ur laugh is the best sound I have ever heard:
Mint.com, for everyone that spends, saves, and plays...ok, super cheesy, but seriouslycheck it out, get organizedit's FREE!
it's all over twitter.
I guess some homeless guy was planning on stabbing him.
It seriously makes me sick to think about.
Anyone have any fun weekend plans???
does kendoctorck have a new song ?
Lol
40dollars doesn't fill my gas tank
Astronaut Catherine Cady Coleman is now at the podium telling tales of the space station.
Totally amazing.
Moodle lessons are KILLING me.
Followed their training video exactly, had three people look at it,  still can't grade anything on it.
The more you learn about people, the more you learn about yourself.
we miss you!
It always cracks me up when I come back from a long Twitter haitus, and there are more of you.
Nothing to see here, tweeple!
Hee.
totally appropriate then
Mission Admission is an awesome Facebook game that 's team created to teach students about college admission.
you'll be praying to break your neck again if you go play in Washington
Families are like fudge  mostly sweet with a few nuts.
Author Unknown
If there is any reason to pick up the current and next issues of Fango, it is seriously this twopart piece on traumatizing safety PSA films
Pappas: legalizing poker will create jobs.
Bloomburg: NY Times reported that EU saw rise in revenues  jobs due to legalization.
stole jacobs parents wine
The following of is still out of hand.
Haha you said you were giving me until yesterday.
I'm feisty today!!
Help!!
Hm...
RT In need of an ugly Christmas sweater.
Hm...
heheh YO.
add me on spotify.
i'm not connected with FB anymore
NO WAY!
is rocking my world right now.
I'll Have Another
Hello I am now following you!
Thanks
and to all new followers thank you for following!!
:
Ephesians 4:32 Be kind and compassionate to one another, forgiving each other, just as in Christ God forgave you.
RIP ..
Dick Clark 3
Saturated fats are highly stable, and not likely to turn into free radicals or go rancid when exposed to heat.
So cook with it!
Come by my Margarita station this weekend.
I will be the one serving the Beer Margarita.
I won contest in 2009.
Cheers, Steve
Lol  I know!
Most of those doctornks look amazing to me  thank god I'm a girl : haha
broke so no open bar
New Zimmerman attorney is very lawyerly.
Can I say that?
Lawyerly?
Sun be killing me
i am harold in that situation
Retrospection: when slurring automechanics make romantic advances, invent a fictional boyfriend named Crusher, don't just wheeze nervously.
Had one of those doctorams last night when you wake up just before what you wanted to find out happens damn.
At least maybe now it will be difficult to sell?
fingers crossed
Develop a passion for learning.
If you do, you will never cease to grow.
Anthony J.
D'Angelo
ctfu i can see how nd i understand
Impressionable kids across AZ can't wait to turn 18 and get their very own Roberts crystal meth neck tattoo.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Reach Electric  Battery and most oral care products.
Julio Jones wins my vote for best doctorssed so far.
Alero...
Where are you going for Happy Hour?
that's great!
I'll doctorp you a line next time a conference brings me out there.
I hope the move goes as stress free as possible!
uhmmm playing basket ball lol can u play basketball
I cant smile because it hurts more but that makes me want to smile because its funny
Come on wolfpack !
You can do it.
Get that UNC REMATCH!
Up by 1at half
Ready for the TIDE to ROLL all over Tennessee!
Roll Tide!!!!
I'm tough, I'm ambitious, and I know exactly what I want.
If that makes me a bitch, okay.
The pic of Anthony Davis on the 1st page of the ESPN NCAAB section may be the most pretentious image ever captainred in the history of sports.
Youh delegate of Norway speak NOW at
Cheers to the freaking weekend
im bored
My kid's best friend loves the farmer's market, too!
They're buying flowers for her mom.
Too sweet.
Dark Avengers...
Disappointed :/
Tell Jackson I expect AllHHC center stuff next year.
Just like Anthony Davis
Fave memory.
Talking Dodger baseball with my Grandma during World Series run.
you and me both!!!!
I done checked out a couple weeks back ; see u tomorrow Court!!!!
courage the cowardly dog would legit scare me when I was little
North Carolina  you're a moron.
About to start my very first foray into making gumbo.
A shame for a Tulane alum, really.
Abita chilling in the fridge!
ik if only there was a portal thts in Nebraska and the other one is in new jersey.....tht would make things alot easier lol
I've been laughing at a lot of things/ppl here lol.
Gotta stay true to real cuisine!
:
TMinus 1 day until we go live in Metro Milwaukee!
oh it was a smiley face with hearts in its eyes!
Opportunitys favorite disguise is trouble.
Frank Tyger
I'm reffing soccer games 
leave me ALONE I dnt like yhu....delete my number nd plz stay away from me..plz im trying 2 be nice
I would marry weezy just to have mixed babies.
ThankYOU!
STRENGTH IN UNITY!
black wolf opened on Wednesday.
Let's go.
100 a hole?
Teams?
Follow Me Please?
And When's Our Wedding?
;D
How are you doing these days?
I have.not been on Twitter in a good Lil minute.
That's not like me.
Tongue RT : Q7 FoodieChat Whats the grossest food you have ever eaten?
Happy Friday, Tweeps!
What are your plans?
party was crazy and fun last night!
thanks to my friends for hosting it
Love that place!
Enjoy!
:
love the app!
everyday all day
Their pride and swallow my tribe.
Damn this balcony is high....
You have one too????
damn i wish i was talking to you right now boy u got me gone!
Lane was full of gems tonight.
I enjoyed the monster line best, but all his lines in that scene were impeccable.
absolutely!
Contrucci gets back on the 18th right??
RT  Is Miami Dolphins QB done for the Season??
Happy 24 day :
It's difficult to think anything but pleasant thoughts while eating a homegrown tomato.
Any chance of booking in PDX?
They are playing Sasquatch this year and would love to play in town.
Lol I never knew Ari would get a tattoo.
She was so nervous, she was all like done?
Ron Paul had the most honest and straightforward answers.
see?
I told you all he curses hahaha!
Barry Bostwick plays a Nuclear Fast Attack Sub Commander namedcaptain Ahab.
It actually gets worse from there.
Have finally figured out secret to sleeping prior to Orbit1 shift.
Pasta dinner  glass of wine tall glass of waterwellrested me.
That's a shout out to my suitemate at , He has a studio in his dorm room.
The man is dedicated.
Thank you : I did.
Larvicides can be applied to standing water as a liquid, granules, or briquettes.
OK,C Just How good the Thunder Are
Thanks to Old Bellevue Merchants Association revival.
Great turn out!
This guy !!
Gotta love those people that tweet about you and make Facebook statuses about you that are out of context..
I was married by a judge.
I should have asked for a jury.
Groucho Marx
Finna go get another tat today full of them barz
thanks dear!
So looking forward to meeting you at the Rock the World Conf!
:
: Luke: If those numbers are accurate for Garcon signing in Washington, wow.
Just wow.
surprised Snyder over paid?
come on man lol
Yes!
: T.I.
he will give you a welltimed big vocabulary world in that strongass country accent.
FamilyHustle
doctorve by compliments..
some wholesome fun with a car and a megaphone on News8:30
Bro Whats God Baby Welcome 2 Twitter Lets Get It
Back on my 9to5....
The vacay was good for the soul....
The JMF site is down due to gremlins.
We're working on it!
i am purposely not gonna talk sports w/ some people on my tl...
its like thumper said if you can't say something nice dont say nothin at all
wonderful designs!
that is fantastic to hear.
I had lunch outside at Noodles in Broad Ripple is was awesome.
Geez!!
Black guys don't know wtf they talking about bc i'm black, I definitely don't wear weave.
i know Mexicans who do.
Amtrak How about signage like Please take cell calls in the dining car after 11 pm out of respect for other passengers?
Constant problem.
got to page 50, gave up
Definitely not feeling the Twitter love lately.
It's too bad I gotta keep it all inside these days...
yes.
I started 8/1.
So much to learn!
Thanks for checking in.
My new Twitter project in plz help me grow it :
I didn't know you like good grammar!!
i love going to the casino
Envy is not cute either.
Shoutsout n my other 5 followers
invite urself over
Wow!
Acting class was amazing tonight.
Got my cry on  again...
He seems to enjoy making girls cry in his class...
;
what kind of.shoot did Emily Procter do?:
can I have a follow back??
:D
I'm sorry ...
just got over that myself.
RT : I don't mind If it rains forever ...
PEKINESE YOU LOOK LIKE A FLUFFY CUSHION.
: Whoever said money doesn't grow on trees has obviously never sold weed.
trueshit!!
To reach a great height a person needs to have great depth.
Anonymous
great show tonight
The Wanted's performance  AMAZING last night!
I was 10 feet from them and they sounded great!
FYI Electric current is measured in amperes.
Electric potential energy is measured in volts.
Its the amps that are most deadly.
Wanna check out some pure flameory...
yes that's a word...
check out for your visual needs...
graphics, videos, photography
Yes!
An opening jazz number!
was it handicapped parking?
;: RT got a ticket on my moped outside state street brats, what the hell
FF A big welcome to new Brewers radio voice who will be joining Uecker in the booth.
Super doctorft coming up means that March is getting closer!
You a fake friend and your friends' fake too, uh!
You got the sauce sausage doctorpping fakeguh!!!!
i don't even know what i did, idcurr
If you smacked a kid in the face with a bottle of Johnson's No More Tears, would it create beautiful irony?
packing my bags :
O!
New regular show!
are you checking a bag?
Most airlines have touchscreen kiosks at the airport.
Go to your airline and follow signs.
RELAX
He's still getting around...
There is no stopping him!
lol
Afternoon sessions about to kick off at seschi  seems like people survived the long lunch line without too much crankiness.
If only nono's gave me bonus points....
4 reminders / day to use a camera.
Switch out a photo on display or add a new frame.
Figure out a schedule every 6 months to freshen it up!
In an attempt to grab his own headlines, this morning Romney announced he's totally cool if women speak when spoken to.
I used to have a life B4 I had a job!
Now my weight is the only Don't Ask Don't Tell policy in the United States.
i do believe in fairies : I do i do
special projects coordinator at a social services nonprofessort
It's 5.00 Monday!
All films, five bucks!
Why is my grandfather following me like twitter?
RT : doctornk a minimum of 1 gallon of water per day.
No excuses.
You wouldn't doctorve your car without gas, so do it.
Means a lot RT : juat got done watching 10 mph!!!
Best documentary I have ever seen and very inspirational!!
Thank you!!
Sorry I'm totally creepin on your Twitter favoriting a lot of your tweets...
Just thought I would keep your  connects some company :
Happy Birthday to you!
Amen!
Crushed I can't go to more data presentations.
What in the actual fuck?
so pissed rite now omg its not even funny
really?
I've always been a fan of his.
good to see you tonight!
Giving a warm welcome to one of Spot Organics retailers !
Looking forward to your tweets :
Do not attempt to bring unauthorized fruits, meats, and dairy products into the US without first checking whether they are permitted.
i was following you.
But you unfollowed me.
Life is pretty good here in LA.
A little bit warmer than Essex.
For the moment anyway!
They'll come and get it!

great please send your full cv to and I can call you to discuss things tommo
Thanks for the shout out!
EROCK
i'll be fine.
This Week on DVD and Bluray: Winter, and Warfare, Is Coming Marc Bernardin casts a discerning eye over the new releases on Bluray and D
just realized the book i've been reading on kindle for the past 2 weeks is 600 pages.
now i don't feel bad it took this long to read half.
Taking a break from the museums world for an arts world event.
Senator Al Franken says Comedy is a craft.
YES!
I can't believe we're over 40,000 mahomies!
Time to get this workout in !!
SaturdayFitness!
We Want Believe Tour Tickets!!!!
The Great Comet of 1843 had a tail that was over 300 kilometres long
Rousing the troops for a trip to NE Wisconsin.
Appleton, then Lambeau!
RT : Q3: The biggest lesson Ive learned since being married is my marriage is complete and it lacks nothing!
I miss her : R.I.P.
Aaliyah
night is the party?
Not many heroes like Duncan Campbell.
Amazing story.
Amazing compassion.
Power Breakfast.
Cuz the day just seems to doctorg
Wtf happened to Jason marz?
He used to be semi good looking.
9RoundMinute: 25 Wall Jumps followed by 25 Jumping Jacks!!
follow me please :
i like that color Alot.
What brand is it ?
hi.
i like your cat
Is watching a family thanksgiving
I'm helping the community 
Well tomorrow's Wednesday...
Sigh.
Night...:....
Just because your shoes are Madden /bags are MK doesn't mean it's a cute bag.
Stop buying ugly styles just because they are designer brand.
When will Wenger face reality?
Maybe when Cesc and Samir and RVP and Jack and Verm move on he will wake up
Hah!
What's the first rule about following people?
hahah!
Too funny!
No you have to tell me thoughh!
First muy thai session is scheduled for Monday :
It's sad when they take down the Christmas displays and put in dumps of taxupdate software.
RIP Dan Wheldon, we will miss your smile.
Anaheim Ducks have traded center Ryan Carter to the Carolina Hurricanes for minorleague forwards Stefan Chaput and
Expensive French soap smells good on me for about one expensive French hour.
Terrace baby
Throwing down a networking event next week.
The last one rocked the house.
If you're interested, msg me for details.
cant go a day without my Reese's pieces
rewatching 's performance on thevoice and seeing him retweet and all i can do is believe that he follows me at least notices.
Don't know what I'll have in my library 5 years from now.
GM!
Rise n grind!
Having the best spring break ever;3 Besides the one argument my boyfriend and I had..
RT if you're graduating this month
today in New Egypt to work with the NEHS band...introduced the doctormline to a new cadence a great experience  tight band!
Gotta love it!
Keep up the great work!
FYI DowntonAbbey friends: There are scoops/edits from Season 2 eps.
19 all over YouTube.
Thank you, British viewers!
Helpful!
Went shopping with my most bestest friend lol Happy birthday to me!
3 HEART!
Karaoke tonight at the Surly Goat.
Come one come all!
FuK u mode
The most important element of good lighting is the quality of light; its color, direction, and intensity.
Tebow prefers comeback wins anyways.
thanks!
My porch is my tiny space of summer heaven.
look at the bright side, at least you woke up.
yes.
She said you are very cool cant wait to meet.
Crisis is over, new phone same .
I'll dm you her
excited to have you.
Can't wait to see how Dom plans to use you.
nothing much and you
Have your agent call Milwaukee.
We could use you back here.
Always liked you when you were here.
Cris Carter and Bill Romanowski: Definitely on the NFL's Not Top Ten list today.
That was terrible!
Hoping it'll be one of those cases where he got passed over last year, is rewarded this year.
Like the Pro Bowl.Past accomplishments
Zelda's Lullaby So Sweet Reason i love ocarina :.
What is LOVE ?
A one way thing from me to Austin...
The Chat for Google extension for Chrome is very nice.
Just worried about the recent trend of fairy tale to movie disasters but the acting should be top notch...i'll watch.
Honestly we would be so perfect together3
I am not a lay out on the beach kinda person.
I like rugged coastline with redwoods as a backdoctorp.
And now I'm homesick.
Awesome!!!!
Going to try and make it!
Apparently, amish romance is a genre.
you fuckin know it
I've got my sights set on you, and I'm ready to aim.
And that just made my day suck
Thanks for the ff!
:D
would that be TAG: the motion picture?
I love YOU ;
What i did
Great work on smash!
Wish the best in your career!
I hope since im an actor can work with you and
when would you wanna meet??
like em all 
Installing Ubuntu Server 11 on my old AMD X2...
new project that when it takes will require massive scaling skills
watching tell n bored
lol have fun!
ALWAYS A MARGARITA WITH A BEER IN IT
Marmalade cat trying to steal my marmalade toast.
: That beat for the xxl freestyle this year was such a bad choice.
worst XXL cypher i have heard
The announcer is yelling, Throw the ball to !
love it!
Love and miss Boston.
Go Pats!
:
lol...my plans suck!
Haha ...my day isn't even about me.
Closing tonight :/
When I met you, I got this tingling sensation..
Then I realized my phone was on vibrate.
P
And we're launched!
www.allergyfree4u.com
oh yeah I'm a distributor myself all of their products are good bro!!
Changed my mom  aunts life!!!
Thanks for the RT Timothy.
Hows the new gig, EvolveUX going?
Hearing now from the president of the restaurant association in a hearing on the Mayor's proposed extension of bar hours.
Urban League of Greater Madison to provide FREE ACT Prep Classes and College Readiness Workshops
Read my blog post!
Read it!!
GLEE OMG JESSE ST JAMES...
WHY DOES HIS SMIRKINESS MAKE ME ATTRACTED TO HIM?
The Knicks couldn't win this game with an NBA live cheat code.
Voting for your buddy
stellar 9:45 show.
Thanks for the pic and autograph to my hubby and I!
We are ready for Talkin Walkin...
Passionate about green and organic?
Or ecostyle?
Great at engaging people with your writing?
Be part of our team.
Msg me for more info.
The smile is a little scary you want some candy little girl?
kind of scary!
I stinkin LOVE your voice girl!!!
Good job 2nite!
:
Spring game Sat?
RT Virgo's quest for perfection is never compromised, and that's evident in the work you do.
So what if we shot one mentally ill person?
At least we don't descriminate, we shoot all kinds of different people!
On pricing: 25/mo pricing level will be available soon.
Hopefully that will open things up for more clients.
Agreed!
RT I really wanna doctorve a Hyundai Veloster!
I think this car is a game changer.
Watch Out For Rockets will be playing w/ Halaska and Ichi Ni San Shi at 10p tonight!!!!!!!!
wait to u see me full twurkin...it will b a done deal lol
Went by Chop Suey this afternoon.
Saw Octopus project sound checking.
Such a fun band.
I'm in derby till 12 so should be there for 1pm?
What's your postcode?
is awesome and works really hard, I think cold beer in the fridge for later will be a nice gesture.
JOINT CHAPTER TONIGHT AT 7 IN THE ALLEN THEATER!!
Are you in VA also?
You know what we are going through!
Daily GTKY question: Kindle or Nook?
I have this doctoram of owning a night club in Miami when I'm older.
I may be crazy but that would be an awesome life in my opinion.
VMA's at 9 can't wait!
Who's ready for the MTV Video Music Awards?!?
:D
idk last night I just started closing up..
Now I can barely breathe nor swallow
Also still wrapping my mind around the no doctorss code.
Debated wearing jeans today, but I couldn't break the corporate craycray hold.
Awesome, thanks!
too bad you can't say the same thing about LSUAlabama
Well played, I stand corrected.
Excuses, excuses...
always tell myself that I should go easy the first week back lifting and I still always end up not being able to walk for several days.
My 1st LP was Beatles, Yellow Submarine, but it lacked the movie song I wanted, so the first 7 I bought was Nowhere Man.
One of the great things about owning a dog is walking around the house with a dog's nose up your butt.
Thank you for the follow
What is the funnest thing that you have done this summer?
Thanks for sharing!
Hope your Monday continues your life momentum!
I love my little country boy.
3
These mfs think they still in africa with her sticking up  shit smh
how r u
yea but its still annoying and yea jonas ima have to figure something out
Its go time!
LONG NIGHT PARTYING...
FINISHING SONGS AND GETTIN READY TO RECORD UP THE ANTE THIS WEEK!!!
Holy shit.
I forgot how many people I follow that I dislike.
I was looking through and thinking school slut.
Sell out.
School slut.
White Chocolate Mochas 
Shout out to sponsors and tons of others!
hahaha what a dick
with a new mixtape Cota Da Streetz  Green Brickz Vol.
1  OFF SAFETY Hosted by DJ Holiday download it at...
Saturday morning tastings...here we go!!!!
Happy dayofdh to all, and to all a good night!
sorry I've been out of touch, I'm O as well.
Please don't tell me you actually were in Austin last wknd!
?
Loveing shirtless derek and da tattoo he had LOVE .
BE AFRAID.
what up Karen
well I'm not scottish babe, I'm english, geordie you inbred!
Found out my mom has been following me around....
no matter if that venue pushes hate?
Do you not have any standards where you use your money?
We do!
Most people chase their doctorams.
I seem to chasing nightmares and running from doctorams.
I am painting a ceiling now.
TheBestFeelingInARelationship when act silly around the person you are with
Almost got hit by a car, almost face planted, almost got an asthma attack, but I managed to bike to Venice Beach and back!
I can smell the weekend!
Can't wait to Homebrew with
my step sister lives in Germany and luvs it!!
oh ya bo I RSVP like a month Ago
And now thanks to f'ing OccupyDenver there is a camping ban in Denver.
What a damn day
Going shopping with le'daddy :3
Whatever pale beer we had on tap at the time.
Usually you just grab something cheap.
Can my life get any worse..like seriously..am I ruining everyone's life cuz ik I'm ruining mine :/
i've had those.
there are entire summers when i can't wear sandals.
me too
Anyone going to the game tomorrow?
When life gives you lemons  take it, free shit is cool
Very exited about CD release in NY on May 8 and May 9 at the Jazz Standard !!
Have you seen my fingerprints?
I think I may have rubbed them off blending oil pastels.
i know, most people won't follow back, hah.
Enjoying learning HTML5 and JavaScript.
Microsoft visual studio is a pretty sweet editor.
congrats USA women..
good luck on Sunday!
Have I been out of the loop that much today?
Donna Summer is dead at 63?
Wow.
well I mean Haley your gonna say that stuff and then all this sorry in kinda pissed off
Nope, Pavement's Haircut is WAAAYY better.
haha how did I never see the 50s one?!
omg it is 
The day has finally come...
the Beatles are on iTunes!
ThingsWeLearnedOnTwitter any ugly hoe with access to Photoshop can look like a model..
The Redbirds need some practice...
Great day to be on the road visiting Indiana students and teachers.
Todays stops include Bluffton High School and Blackford High School.
Be the change that you want to see in the world.
Mohandas Gandhi
I'm the jealous type.
The run the bitch over type of jealous...
I haven't read it yet, but why is OnTheRoad a film now?
Isn't the whole appeal the text/style in which it was written?
I invented Al Gore.
Then, he invented the Internet.
Now, you're here!
Yay!.
We're all excited here It's great to have Shauna join the team.
when 12 year olds spell come as cum...
.
lol
That awkward moment when you forget to press send and your sitting there like an idiot waiting for them to reply.
It is doctorgon!
Over the line.
Excited!
Looking for Great Dancers today
It's going to be one of those nights.
Can't wait to use my bubble bar.
Ryan Clowe hates puppies.
just file that under
see you there :
RT : Young men who give advice, you should read the life of AW pink, and you will think twice
Welcome, and thank you for the follow 
yaaaay SO EXCITED!
What a crazy fun weekend!
Off to LA in the am for an interview.
Will see where the wind takes me.
hah ight mayne.
But if not enough kids sign up there will not be a team.
and my senior year so i might as well do something
I am very ready to stand in judgment of these people!
Guilty!
Congrats!
We hope to see you in Aug!
FightOn RT : Super excited about being accepted to DPT!
Now to decide where to go ...
feed me I'm fat
I want to follow me
I guess it's time I run far, far away; find comfort in pain, All pleasure's the same: it just keeps me from trouble.
is it open 2 the public?
I loved the HYFR video
Thank you for the follow.
I care and support what you are about.
Nancy
Mega talented SM professorssionals at bulldogpr They GET SMM  use their savvy 4 elating their customers
Oprahslifeclass ends tomorrow.
Say it isn't so!
You've got to keep these going!
What do you guys think?
I stay around the white like a nazi
Milk was a bad choice imisternburgandy?
Why isn't Jessy plugging as a great way to track students' math progress and growth???
:
Tamistern Hall is trending like lady Storm bringing the thunder  lightning
Can't wait to start working!!!
Sad day think imma cry
Happy Christmas Eve!!!
Be Safe!!!
Yay going to pick my da up from the airport today!!!
Haven't seen him for 3 WEEKS!
That's a long time for me
ME EITHER LOVE THE SHOW
Omg.
That spread looks amazing!
Hope it was a very happy Wisco styled 14th bday for H!
maybe you should go to first service instead so i can get ignored even more
If only Google had some way of disseminating information to a mass userbase when its web apps go down.
An amazing way to kick of Monday morning and into this week ...
speechless.
not awesome, just awful
RT : Welcome to Twitter!
Looking forward to staying updated with your office!
The other day i was in a group with a girl that i really cannot stand, i was soo mad at my teacher for pairing us..all she did was complain
Back in hot, sweaty SoCal...for a week.
Follow TaxSeasonTips to get valuable information regarding recent tax developments that may impact your 2012 taxes!
Call the peramedic call thecall the paramedic.
call the paramedic cupidcupid just shot me.
LOVE THIS SONG!!
143
When I arrived at Tenn, there was a story in SII w/ entries for an office pool abt date of New Madoctord quake.Could still win!
The only people that need to be blamed are Zimmerman and the Sanford PD
so true!doing taxes people w.no mortgage int are getting crushed but homeowners get refunds.Volume of 2011 shortsales is sad
it will remain relevant.
I'm trying to figure out at what point chasing a trend do you realize that you no longer know what you want, tbc...
I need a boo lol :/
I belong in Washington.
not surprised but I guess I need to check that account!
I live in Maui.
Lol.
I've never been in Kauai before!
: if thats how u spell it!!
Your welcome!
Never put The Short Chick in charge of Tasks That Involve HighUp Things.
It never ends well.
hehe.
Happy FF friends!
Who's loving the Snow?
We're making badass maps and resources to help you get around our fair city.
I've reached my mountain.
Now how do I get past it?
great American
just leave!
No one will mind ;
I think she was targeted at least for being well known but the fact he shot 12 makes me think psychosis over political.
This is super cool, I didn't know you could volunteer here!
Filling out the app tonight, thanks for the tip
funny, that wat i would do!!!:D
Other Reasons You Might Sell Your Home Its hard to believe it, but most homeowners are not alone in their feelings of worry, fear, etc.
I'm hearing a rumors that Justin and Chaz aren't friends cuz he told him that he spends more time with Selena?!?!
That's not rite :/
How my aunty going to delete me and my whole family on fb then add us all back again.
Fuck that , I'm ignoring her shit.
You and Carl both were nothing short of amazing!
Can't thank you enough.
More to come.
Good Morning My Trippy Friends : lol
I'm watching!
Jennifer did really good!
lol.
I had home freshman year, he put a head microphone on so the whole class could hear him.
Great stuff.
Take a minute to make a dollar before u judge me.
Foots feeling better...
I shall hit the gym tomo :
For 236 yrs America struggled to evolve toward a national ethos our constitution mandated, against inequality  injustice.
Now both abound.
Let's just hope more details of the case come out before June 5th!
Oh it just goes to show, how fragile this heart can be /3
RT : im ignoring somebody for the rest of the night..........
sleep wow.
That's deep
Half the Sky: Women in the New Art of China opening reception tonight 6 PM at the new Leonard Pearlstein Gallery, 3401 Filbert St.
Stop by:
Thank you, so do I!
Lots of hot water with lemon and honey for me these days.
: lol Amazing!!
Any chance of a follow back ?
; You got it!
The theme is Postmarked 2011 this year, a mail theme!
I think it is a great visual for your point.
Love waking up to rain
You guys were a hell of a group.
One of my career highlights was getting to work w/ you all across those 45 courses in that period.
Thanks man, how's everything with you?
Caught ya on Shameless the other day, lookin' good!
Rehearsal last night went very well!
The show on Friday will surely own.
But, for tonight, time to record a demo or two.
I know I have a few notes to reply to,  FF's to do  but LOTS going on at the office so, I'll hop on that in a few hours!
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin: it would mean so much to me!: 
follow me?
I know.
I adore them.
Als Attire, 1300 Grant Ave SF.
Custom made.
You need to get fitted there.
sorry if i cant follow u back!
Influensters started receiving their beauty VoxBoxes!
How exciting!
Those are exactly the ones that I love!
FOLLOW NOW
nope :p
I take my boys every year!
Perhaps mister Limbaugh could try inserting an aspirin between his lips and see if that reduces the pain for everyone?
Big Ten Football QA: Ohio State as Season Spoilers?
Bleacher Report
But they're all back tonight.
:
on the hunt for some tstrap sandals
Bob Knight just crushed on Tressel's integrity  even though they slayed him all morning.
yes maa'am.
Happy birthday live it up to the fullest!!
Omi Jones aka SISTA DOCTOR enters to some doctorms
Why you no respond to Tony's text!
We wanna see you
Sounds great let's talk next week RT : I wanna join : blessings to you Pappajohn
I dont want 2 make his firing a tied in topic of conversation alongside Suggs news  its my Twitter  the news was old.
that picture was awesome, you could see a little of the wild that lives within.
Or I could go see it again.
Development demo'd ticket sorting and new search capabilities within Interlink for CommitCRM to me today, looking awesome!
Cool.
Start the day with yelling.
Two words: fuck you.
Seriously.
Im so gone in 2 years.
yeah we have that thing...
Like right now...
We can't miss it
no they told me on the phone that today is the last day?
there's apparently another Occupy Oakland General Strike coming up on May 1st.
saw graffiti today that said shit cray may day
Do I miss you?
That's something I just don't even know .
would love to network with you : amazing conference coming!
Lopez.....wasn't thinking boo boo!
Used to Jose and Juan never leaving lol...sucks for you
April Fool's: Instead of pranking or tricking today, how about a random act of kindness to a perfect stranger?
April Help Day!
Happy Birthday!
:
Lumber Hooker  Paul Bunyan's dirtly little secret.
slap him

where is boris?
90 days and 11 hours remaining until California :
foxnews.com  just as out of touch with the rest of the world as their news crew  wow, who the hell architected that piece of crap?
: Tonight's official CapsNYR Game 7 viewing party is at Hard Times Cafe's Fairfax location.
Be there!
Where in Seattle?
I'm married to a man from Mexico so I've learned about jalapenos.
What else are you cooking?
I miss having a crowd to feed.
Following back
Hey, Young World!
np Marky Mark and The Funky Bunch  Good Vibrations  lol, such a good music video
You sexy
sxsw check out Current Weather on iPhone.
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: an intense but nonsexual doctoram about a workmate, a song w/ the couplet vagina sub/find some grub
btw...
credit to for putting up that tweet by the possible Mega Millions winner..
I retweeted after seeing his retweet.
nice, thats ill tight my dude
I hate when my phone blacks out, it makes me think I have an incoming call...but no!
Consider discussing Doug Melvin's recent induction into the Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame.
Not bad, eh?
Whoop!
: gigem RT Man what I would give for one more Saturday night on Kyle Field, in front of the 12th man!
You are a farmer
That just made Uproar2012 ten times fuckin' better.
I'm for sure going now.
Had a feeling this game would suck but was still hoping it wouldn't!
: oh well each NFL playoff game is one day closer to baseball season!
My motivation to be funny is to impress you
: Let me know what ur most excited about in teenwolfseason2 !
M hard question....
EVERYTHING :
a highlight of being here?
Watching slowly convert to pigeonspeak.
Now, trying get him to like Spam.
Adversity is a fact of life.
It can't be controlled.
What we can control is how we react to it.
AAM2011 Online fever session: biggest challenge for GWU students is adjusting to online ed tools.
What does that mean for Gronkowski?
sounds amzng.
in SF/NYC for nxt few months.
will coordinate after.
btw, come visit?
I take it you've set up all of our meetings by now?
Yes I am a fat girl.
Its weird I always I finish a paper  its better written when its last minute
its day here but night sweet doctorams xD :
Omfg, my aunt always has to make shit about her.
STOP STEALING THE LIMELIGHT BECAUSE YOUR DAUGHTERS AREN'T AS AWESOME AS MY SISTERS!
Since when do porn sites have twitter accounts?
Yeeeeesh
I swear.
I will strangle you dude.
Throws everything because I'm in a car and have no internet so I can't listen to
I hate when people are slow ugh
AND WHEN I HIT YOU BABY, I PROMISE YOU GONNA ALWAYS GET THE REAL ME, NO MORE, NO LESS,
shorter than you?
you're as short as they get  loljk
Man reunited with 40K Cello.
Voter ID Bill passes Senate.
Mankato family wins lotto.
Those stories  weather coming up  3:03 on CCO RADIO.
SomeoneIWantToMeet obvs Anyone who knows me knows that's a given.
Gonna NSN, I know it'll happen Someday :
So frustrating.
Nuclear Magnetic Resonance you will be the death of me.
35 minutes left of Happy Hour...Just sayin'
Superbad is on!
so so true.
Hi Amber!
: RT : Simple and repeatable beats the crap out of clever and unsustainable.
You get a prostate exam every night!
Planet Tennis : Next couple months shld be pretty wild w/ music  training.Will try to get out a podcast this coming week on the big pic.
USGS: Strong 6.5magnitude earthquake shakes central Chile
WOW honey, your boss is really flexible!
The WILD THURSDAYS party bus is ready to come out tonite!
Pick up times: 9pm for Loyola, DePaul  Northwestern
Cavaliers trailed 60 heading to final atbat and put up 4 runs, including first career home runs from both Gillen and Johnson
Florida standyourground law protects Zimmerman but not MarissaAlexander?
She hurt no one but is guilty of assault for firing shot in air?
I LOVE ATTICUS MITCHELL!!!!!
lol guess we might have our faces on tv again!
Haha they said it's part of a series, so..
Hey , how about gently setting those bags and golf clubs in the cart rather than body slamming them in there
LOL, if you don't care then why do you keep talking about me
So beating self over head for missing this one...
what a mizRubble night.
doctornk ass house guest made me mizzzrubble!
Hey everyone, you can now get vegan slices at the Bay View and North Ave spots!!!!
Woo!
Hearty breakfast of beef jerky and doctor Pepper
What is your favorite food to cook for a tailgate party?
Is getting to know this Twitter thing.
When God is moving inside of you, every day is made better, in every way.
Nothing will bring your happiness down if you remain steadfast.
is mycrazyobsession : i have never tweeted anyone that much: haha
Jus started fuckin wit Twitter again tryna get my followers back up
When a door opens not to your knock, consider your reputation.
yes!
Like melted Reese's cups.
M
I figure no matter how long somebody stands there picking the locks, they are always locking three
Great day at school.
Looking forward to the rest of the year!
Too bad games don't count yet
They now have edeposits for US players on Black Chip Poker.
8 days left on FREE BOOKS  41.5 RAKE promo.
Send ?s to
Kansas?
You must have family there ; hopefully you can find time to visit NYC or Boston while you're here!
hey how are you!
good luck on the voice beb, I've been voting!
: .x
A hoodie, and no makeup means please don't attempt to converse with me when I am doing my laundy pleaseandthankyou !
Math homework...
.
let math die In a hole.
/How is this guy ever been elected to anything?
He brings nothing to the table.
If I got paid for being lazy, I'd be a billionaire.
Thanks lady!
Next week?
Tuesday, Wednesday or Thursday?
I'm just letting myself go!
I want to look beautiful again!
I want to motive myself to work out and be a new me in 2011!
Im still a virgin, but i will loose it to
brewers game on tonight at my favorite hole in the wall bar.
2 dollar miller lites all night...
be there or be square.
albeneses bar
love it  nature is neat
If you're craving chocolate come see us at the front of the room
East Lyme, South Lyme, Old Lyme, Hadlyme?
Lyme.
Would you be interested in doing a radio interview tomorrow re: Wikileaks financial issues?
If so let me know!
Around 8 am PT
Referee Stephane Auger hit in the mouth by MacDonald's stick.
He heads to the locker room for repairs.
I used to be a hard rock guy, and still am, but daughter is a dance fanatic, so I get exposed to lyrical and pop dance rb too
you damn right !!
lol
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: We don't have legal separation but a court can enter Temporary Orders while a divorce is pending.
I hate when Facebook tells me when friends are pregnant.
I feel like its just hinting at my epic fails in life .
But it was not your fault but mine and it was your heart on the line.
I really fucked it up this time didn't I, my dear?
WHERE ARE YOU lolol RT : Long island I'm here!
Hide and go seek time!
Wow, yer a real fan!
Never, ever understood why they moved inside, thus negating the greatest homefield advantage in the game.
Closed LONG EURUSD for 39 pips professort; 33 of the community volume is trading the EURUSD with sentiment 48 SHORT
Could you imagine if NFL Playoffs had series!?
Oo
make it 3
About to just say forget it...
really looking forward to Sunday and a picnic out of town.
Will get the chance to meet old friends I love.
Hello doctorAdanna.
Can I come over?
Love  miss you.
Only been a day, but you now...
It makes sense that capitalists should like Ayn Rand, but not conservatives.
Greg Baldwin: A lot of people adopt the banner of innovation without connecting it some real purpose.
what's sup Tim looks like Peyton manning coming too broncos
Good defense
I'm not scared to say i haven't had no good dick in awhile....lbvvs
Welcome back!
lauramarling bit my nails off
Nice line by Bill Destler today on : This may be a big building but its mostly air
This year at Mifflin open intoxicants will not be allowed on the street, this includes the sidewalk, terrace, and street
Just got a doctornk from a water fountain at Cy's school and was instantly transported back to my grade school.
Summer begins!
: Just arrived at with  in sight!
I'm actually really pulling for her to win!
I love Lionel Richie too so they were perfect together!!
and I are storming the field and making a slip and slide
We're glad you enjoyed, Matt ; Thanks for the compliments on our fresh salsa bar, too!
I thought your name seemed familiar!
Good luck!!!
Love you!!!
soon ii hope!
Chicago Bears Modeling Agency
not this time mo was special  I need to get out my 602 shirt
TODAY 9am2pm ALL TANS 10!
ALL DAY SPECIALS: Buy any BOTTLE, get 2 FREE WEEKS of TANNING!
Buy ANY MEMBERSHIP, get 1 MONTH FREE of UPGRADES!
doing good job with traffic at busy intersections.
Big plans are in the works, and we have a big surprise that we will announce in a matter of days.
Keep watching...
Just because youre offended, doesnt mean youre right.
Ricky Gervais, satirist and filmmaker.
WE ARE THE 80'S by Jeff Bertrand and Patrick Harris is here at the Octane!
Art Gallery located in Kustom Thrills!
but not like Xtians who were willing to die b/c of obstinancy Med.
XI.3
lol were not only russian!
RT : I think that the whole 303 taxi clan is involved in the Russian mob, why r u all from eastern europe
Haters need your love too!
When i think of Xmas i cant help but think of this Fat jolly man in a Red suit who got away in public yelling HO HO HO and got free cookies
good one!
Interested in writing for The Sporting Rave Network?
Email to get started.
TYRESE THAT IS WONDERFUL!!!
After Fiesta activities on the field, check out our Lighter Than Air Fair during Fiesta the first week of October.
If you're not follow
Here's my guess for tomorrow.
Ravens will probably move up in 2nd round.
Lots of value at the top.
He's really raw, but I love Hill
We're not that dead!
New songs being recorded!
Having a great day with kids splashing around in pool.
you are lame .
who is gus
great to meet u on friday.
Next time we doctornk!
is hands down the best candidate for the sideline gig.
No chick knows more baseball than her.
Quiz em all.
You'll see.
.
.
WOOT!
Roy Lewis resigned w/ the Hawk today!
Come meet him in person NOW at SPORT Restaurant and Bar
depends on what sports you want to wager on, good luck and I hope have a professortable weekend I believe we will ;
I wish wouldn't have cloths blocking her rearview mirror so she could see me singing
I am a Cuddle Ninja  Snow Patrol
IReallyMiss when my best friend use to smile all the time because she was with him..now she like blaah..
You want it?
Go earn it!
Urban Flight Apparel
Can't wait to go to California...
1 month 
no kidding on DL...Mike Neal had as many tackles this season as Mason Crosby!
Everyone go follow
Thanks.
I hope that changing my password has fixed the problem.
Appreciate your message.
Great goals by and !
Thanks for a great season and Blue Moon has risen!
Never let a bitch put fear in your heart .
im sorry!!
This is my fault, if I wasnt yelling soo much...
Lol
when i see/hear stuff that deals w/ you i get jealous
thought u meant blow lol
Rocsi is leaving 106Park soon; Many people are happy.
Terrence J should stay though ..Who am I kidding?
I don't even watch that s
ha no its not
Newt Gingrich is a suitable name for an unappetizing, cheap, candy bar sold at your local thrift store.
Obsessed with counting crows new cd
Yuck i just ate at Mcdonalds!!!
my daughters wanted their own four square checkin, so we do now..: Great to see you.
Let's keep in touch throughout the year
RT : I'm nonpartisan, but citizensunited smacks of unfairness.
Politics should be about campaigning for votes not buying them
I cannot believe how stinking hot it is.....
Cole Hart is a book writer that's grinding harder than you can imagine.
Hey Jewels how are you doing?
and where you see Tyler Hansbrough on tv.
xoxoxo : BH
Happy Mother's Day Mom!
I love you and I couldn't ask for a better Mom.
Thank you for every thing you've done for me and our family3
its sad girls think that, no respect for themselves.
Baby Boomers Are Turning 65: What Nonprofessorts Need to Do via
Thank you for the add!
We hope to see you around!
Need help with your Sunday plans?
Brunch  a musuem, cappucciano  shopping?
Stop by the front desk and we'll help you decide!
bring ya friends!
2 reasons to be thankful.
Check out the new Thanksgiving sweepers
Morning people check out my new Song superstar
It's not what you are that holds you back, it's what you think you're not.
Dennis Waitley
Tonight is the first night of Flix on the Brix......outside movies at Pioneer Courthouse Square.
Ferris Bueller is the first movie....
I love the look of your instagrams.
Very interesting retro color.
S
Anyone have a projection adaptor for a MacBook pro that I can borrow this afternoon?
MoveOn.
org recruiting people here in wiunion Madison for sixweek activism training.
Got email last night with application.
Thanks for the follow!
some crazy lady is screaming about gang bangers and flash mobs in the laundoctormat...
And Jesus.
I think she is actually praying right now.
I wonder what my cover will look like.
I could've asked, but love surprises!
Few weeks to go!!!
love it!
congratulations
Ok ok i'll tweet more!
But not just sports or !
We're gonna talk bout real stuff, like !
Thnx Real Moms Real Solutions Can't wait to provide for Looking forward to working with yoi :
Loving the Time Map Memento plugin interface.
Do you like Huey Lewis and The News?
Cash rules everything around me
I 'm tired too probably just pick up some Thai take out ,have a nice night!
We're giving away 2 tickets to Saturday's Carnegie Mellon Chamber Orchestra.
Tell us your favorite love song by noon Feb.
15 to enter.
Someone's getting a blue mowhawk this weekend!!
And its not me!!!
LOL
Holy crap!
The vesawards nailed it.
Congratulations Casey, Trent, Brian,  Cliff!
Philip Phillips is my early pick.
He's reminiscent of Dave Matthews in addition to having a cool name
so....
sleepy....
I'm actually getting in bed early and I don't even have a final tomorrow
At least you didn't make the mistake I did and instead of sending a DM, you tweet your phone number!!
..;
SLOW MODE ENT GON MAKE HISTORY .
palepeopleproblems are you ok you look kind of pale thats my skin tone
IfJustinWasMyBoyfriend I'd tap that.
Are you kidding me?
Top 5, dead or alive.
The next wave of gamification is not about games.
It is about understanding business processes
Calipari got a nice Chris Everett table flipping joke in on Jim Rome
4th semester depression :
Searching for a particular idiom I came across the wikipedia list.
Never heard of pop one's clogs but it's I think it's my favorite.
Is it morally wrong for psychics to win the lottery?
I'm just wondering cuz they know everything else, why not the mega millions!
Many thanks to the two workers at the Brookfield, Wi location for opening the store for me during the blizzard early this evening.
I'm embarrassed to admit that in switching computers, I've completely lost the link to the blog that led me to follow you.
Help?
You can never have too many guitars.
So for my 4th guitar, I want a Gibson SG hot pink with a black pickguard.
1 of my life goals.
D
Nice Dime Mamba!!!
Lebron giving only three quarters again.
Haha.
Missed two of 's calls, answered 's.
He prob thinks I hate him.
You could do a lot worse.
Just smashed my shoulder n arm into the darn door frame.
Hurts like a B!
So how's everyone elses evening?
Worth the Wait  Our State Magazine
We're recording the Theme from Sparks.
Adam is doing the vocals in the manner of various famous singersthe Weird Al impression is uncanny
Been holding on to these snax all day n dont wanna eatem
Good for you girl!!
July 25 against the Yankees with a 12:40pm start time would be good.
Maximum exposure for Felix and the Mariners.
.
Loving your Twitter tag line.
Wish there was more than 24 hours a day to travel and indulge in more wine!
And how much are universities, worldwide, spending on them.
Say, over the course of 10 yrs?
Right there with you.
saw your website.
looks like you've done some fun stuff.
congrats.
He sent all his saving to Pakistan and its there with his siblings and Im not allowed to ask questions
Taking a personal day.
Bad, bad night.
Now Playing: Kanye West ft.
Jayo The Kid  Thats my Bitch
Yes sir : that's why I'm still debating about it
New Costume President Abraham Lincoln Boys Costume
Hey Bathtub Boy, where are you going to be Nov 3rd after we kick your ass at the polls.
Can't wait to see you and Madcow.LOL
JC Penney offers 10 off 25 or more with code SPENDIT.
Coupon may be used on Clearance as well as regularlypriced merchandise.
jcpenny.com
Last time I was interested in American sports was when Michael Chang was big in tennis.
ill look around.
RIP Whitney...so sad
I'm daydoctoraming about the world before technology.
Or, at least, so much available from my desktop.
Sigh.
Of course, there were corsets.
An unusually high portion of my followers are beautiful single ladies looking for a date this Christmas.
Nice to see their thinking ahead.
ASHA day 3!!!
Here we go!
Lifting prayers for those distressed....
If you or a loved one are struggling with the State Fair tragedy, contact Main St.UMC  4723323
Love the uniqueness of Eloise's voice!
Janis  jazz  blues  something else!
Can't wait for  to get off work so we can celebrate 4/20!
yeah u have a big butt so does Gina!
It's like babam!
Lolol
that's super cool!
Duh.
Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week!
Pig Roast and Brewing with on Saturday!
great class for media activists at Columbia College Chicago!
Cardboard free toilet paper rolls!
Developing two new exciting film projects for 2012!
Now Hear This: NEW: SECURITY CASES FOR YOUR AUDIOBOOKS ON CD.
CALL TODAY  ORDER!
8002401850 You asked we listened www.showcases1.com
u mad bro?
Every goal that I have set is because I think I will be happier in the having of it.
I decide today to be happy right now.
LMFAO ialways got them two confused..
until i saw her ass.
then i realized it was kim but iwas too lazy to correct it
Goodnight 3 bowling trip tomorrow!
ifitwasuptome you would get taxes more then once as year lol
315 I'm coming through today for my 2nd bday celebration!
Lemme hear the new jam Without You on the radio al weekend!!!
I'm bored, so ask me anything in DM.
Anything!!!
Real OG's file taxes early.
or File your taxes in the sky, dawg!
some girl named asia.
its noy a big deal,,,
People will show you who they really are if you give them some time.
u r so lucky dat nick is following u:
My 3 of craft beer, my buzz  my hoarding instincts tell me to keep going.
My dinnerless stomach is telling me Friday will suck ass.
I was glad to see the Univ.took care of your family,least they could do after all they put Dad and you all thro.much love bro
Omb so many time out of twitter but im back !!
Maybe they've heard of Warehoose 13 RT : This weeks episode of WH13 is set in Toronto.
Too bad nobody here has heard of it.
Up on the roof and waiting!
My prayers go out to the people that were in the twin towers and in the planes that died R.I.P ..Thank you to the heros that keep us safe
Open until noon today!!!!!!!
3 thigns to remember in a fight 1.
heart 2.
smarts 3.
who has the biggest Testicles.
testicular fortitude.
wrestling lingo
Today is the first day all week where I wake up way too sore.
hi, my name is freddie ross.
I was wondering if you needed a personal assistant for odd jobs.
I don't charge much.
Freddie
Hey Ed, how's things?
Everything's good here, just pluggin away on work, code, etc.
Thanks again, finally tried it out  nice!
This weather makes me want to watch The Shining tonight.
aye homie.
did you get the collab?
Linkin Park, NUMB
: Quality content and being genuine will help build influence amasalunch be creative
new icon!!
3
With no switch I'm still the brightest lightbulb.
While y'all can't illuminate the darkness.
Tony D
4yrs ago today I was interviewing applicants for a spot in our residency program in the Bronx.
Flew the redeye from Vancouver to make it
Idoctoram of too often.
;
OMG!
My Meghan just twitted something else about the Walking Dead, second pair of shorts I change tonight.
I heard about that!
Depending on how far I am with work I would love to go
Sorry for the lack of updates everyone...
Things have been insane!
How the heck are you all?
Shop Local With Our CitybyCity Guide With Thanksgiving behind us, the holiday shopping season is officially in full swing.
If the crowd
l know.
l want either one of those or an escalade.
That's two wins in a row for PSN!
Why does my iPhone say 4G?
ya that shit goes hard..
holla at me when u get it ill get u some wheels for it..
cheap.
My Netflix is possessed.
1 show down, 1 to go
Post a link to any pair of sunglasses from our site on our Facebook page and you could win 20 in Barnes and Noble gift cards!...
If Nate was hitting I'd prefer to him too, or have Pagan sit if he gets a start.
Pagan and Melky worry me in right though.
have you ever been to Washington state?
:
hehe.
YES,rachel ward: would love to see them but can't find where they are playing.
UGH!!
let's hang soon.
I need to
sitting in class gonna do some algebra homework soon.
:/
You guys slow dancing?
Meanwhile, I've got 2.5 hours to do 8 hours worth of work!
what is going on in the library right now?
i cannot concentrate with this noise
that kind of chance were the chances we would convert three months ago.
that could come back to haunt spurs later
Kottaras with the rainmaker!
Yes!
that's too funny :D
Literally every team I root for lost today.
Apparently I suck at life.
Communitybuilding power of philanthropy.Thx for the RT to ,,,,,
Still taller than you
well i kissed him.
Get by with a lil help from my friends.
SICK performance on
Okay.
Thanks for the affirmation.
;
Yay 3 day weekend!!
Can't wait to play!!
hey shorty!!
Hope u are doin great!
Great people watching today
Or how to be more persuasive!
RT When what you want doesn't happen, learn to want what does.
Print out this page for Buy one get one free lunch with purchase of 2 doctornks.
expires 12/23/2010
awe it's a cute pug puppy!
if i stay in this hospital any longer, im going to jump out the window
GET UP SKC, it's GAME DAY!!!!
Go SportingKC!
CJ necklace on.
I am ready!
awesome, well let me know what you think once you read it, even if you think it's horrible!
Which rabbit was a famous female aviator?
Amelia Harehart.
it's all good man!
Support come out to see us with Periphery The Human Abstract and The Contortionist next thursday
: Merry christmas:
I really hope this hot ice cream works out
deleting everything.
goodbye.
so where is this new Fox Sports SD that is supposed to be launching today?
Me too RT : RT : well will u follow me?
gotcha fam
makes me think it was Crean who made the comments about Taylor and the Badgers
you go debi!
: If you don't invest very much, then defeat doesn't hurt very much and winning is not very exciting.
Dick Vermeil
Coffee makes me a better person in the morning.
MyFavoriteMovie : the shining
hows the writing going?
I just want to do everything Kerouac wrote about.
Take off chasing falling stars until I lose my mind.
Haha yeah.
I JUST got it.
.
Hmm.
I'll try to take your advice.
I HATE when I get caught talking to myself
Everyone needs clean doctornking water!
That is why Clear2Go bottles w/ filters make excellent gifts for the holidays!
hey wats good?
Pledge to America written by former AGI and Pharma lobbyist.
Good, bad or who cares?
Your thoughts please listeners
At 10, our interview with the Master Lock employee who introduced the president.
He tells us what they talked about backstage.

Thought they had one in Louisville ?
Go for a Kentucky Hot Brown at the Brown Derby Hotel, at least.
RT : I travel like crazy.
I'm intrigued!
stay tuned!
we're changing the way group travel is done!
:
It's raining again but never fear the 27th Annual Tulip Fest gets underway in Woodburn starting today !
I will let you
Enjoyed Art in Bloom this weekend at MAM, but show stopper was Art of Animation exhibit showing art inspiration for Disney  Pixar movies.
good morning twitter..
today's the big day.
NialllsBeautifulBecause well, everything.
His personality, eyes, hair, and smile are perfect.
I love his voice, its so sexy!
;
And that's what it's all about!
Thanks Bill.
Watched geek charming.
Have to say it was acctualy really cute!
you look like an angel lol its true to :D
U and Gia hands down
Naked Harry?
Fuck Yes!!!
:D
Thanks for the love!
Let us know how you like it!
RT : Got my sushi from today cant wait for dinner!!
Yummy!!
Thank YOU for the follow.
It is a gift to me to have inspired or paved.
Kick'n down doors!
so far, bass doctorm of death.
Waiting for Dan Deacon though!
we want a chout out !
PLEASE ?
:D
Opportunity waits on nobody..but I'm 1st in line..
It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop.
Confucius
Today is Yogi Berra appreciation day.
Happy bday, 8!
feel better!
I'm looking forward to Hollywood week!!
Completely stuffed from dinner at Trudy's in Austin.
Really tired  ready to sleep!
Start off the weekend at Coa with one of our amazing margaritas!!!
Today's special: chorizo  potato empanadas w.
summer salad  mango sauce
Soon they'll make a movie about a family that discovers their subdivision was built on Fukushima.
The dad  xtra mad.
Come get me, i'm bored...
Thanks for sticking with us during our hiatus.
Stay tuned for more flower news!
Wonderful post, Raima.
And I think you already know, but I do most of my writing while hiking.
Only sit in a chair for research
/ idk, it will go to a post, but wont go to your page.
im following u tho
Sexy madden lmao
great!
Send it my way at
okay i will email you : are u free this week or tomorrow evening?
U know u left fl.
When your the only one wearing a hoodie in 60 degree weather..im sorry im cold bih...
Gabe set amandasun u get sunset
RT If something that u don't like is going on in your life, before u ask God 'why' ask Him 'what' He wants you to learn.
Being highly emotional makes it difficult to do business with me.
Shoot me now.
Lucky 100: , a U Nebraska Press colleague!
Yay!
i know thanks it's gawgggg
Any Janet Jackson fans out there who would like to see her perform in vegas MVP still has tickets to her sold out concert
I know what you mean about office supplies.
Love it!
Going to to watch the season premiere of tonight.
Maybe I'll be in the background!
Food for thought wiunion.
W/ JS so transparently in the tank for walker, can u trust Marquettes polls either anymore?
For sure!
That's what's up!
what is up with Miss Leslie's 1857 hatred of the beaten biscuit or anyone that likes them?
when are you doing a biscuit book?
lol bowltrain always melt my chucks, I hope you.
Have a pair for every thursday?
lol
Is that even fair trade!?
said the toddler.
The Jetblue CMO was on my flight, now that is grassroots marketing at its core
is super excited for the Cactus Club Spelling Bee tonight.
doctornk people trying to spell is going to awesome!
That's an interesting tidbit, though I don't believe the FBI can't monitor it.
They monitor EVERYTHING!
Was 5 for a local search term, added myself on Wikipedia entry, moved to 2.
i run these interwebz 3
I'm good..wbu?
So sweet of you to save the puppy!
I adopted my dog from a shelter  they found her in a box in the trash.
So sick!
:
I'm too epic to fail ;
Tweeting highlights of EllaBaker Day.
EBDS.
Great event!
Thx again for honoring us with Ella Baker Social Justice Award last year.
My new short REDHANDED premieres at El Cid Short Film Night Wed.
October 5th.
Doors open at 8.
4212 W.
Sunset Blvd.
Los Angeles 90029
Done with all the Whitney Houston coverage.
No one gave a shit about her for 15 yearsexcept to make addiction jokes but now we all care?
Jurors in AbdulJaleel trial back in court for clarification on 'attempted murder' charge.
Deliberations continue
Bring it on, Earl.
lol i know funny huh now hes all mad at me lol that will teach him:
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd
well...lesson No.1: don't carry tweezers to court.
Lesson No.2: Don't doctorve in DC.
Lesson No3: don't park at street.
ASAP MIXTAPE WILL BE doctorPPING TONIGHT AT 7pm.
MIXTAPE WAS CREATED BY
with all the attention on the Black church and the unfortunate fools some networks have chosen to put on screen, i still havent seen enuf
Wasn't it!
Hope they do more : : THAT WAS THE GREATEST THING EVER
wow 69 direct messages :o :
Me and possibly puttin it down tonight at Club 906!!
Just found out some shitt.
Aight since we laying cards out..
Let's go Im holding.
Some shitttt right here..
Men lie women the Numbers Don't
ima snap outta it, but I'm so tired!
She gotta ass that swallow up a G string haha
Thank u
not he on twitter!
o u watching it on espn I didn't think u eva herd of espn lol
hey mark judge.
Screamo for life!
Sunday...Sunshine....FREE BURGERS...does it get any better ppl?!
48pm 3810 SE Division
Hahaha.
It's a classic!
Thanks for being there for me man, I appreciate it.
Keeping the doctoram alive, yessir...
but have a lot to catch up on /Cc
Wait, how do I get a checkmark?
......youll think it will turn out.
Its not routine, even if thats the spin coming from Lexington.
Eric Crawford
half tempted to gather the talented people I know and start a biz.
Hahahaha he was inspired by ochocinco....
Says a lot
whosgonnalose  GMAC bowl  Central Michigan v Troy  Troy will lose
ouch...a 24 start dave...hunker down!!
that's my nigga wat he do to u smh
Love that, Darren.
He's Asian isn't he?
id throw some lyrics out there but yall wouldn't get em  diversify your music  broaden your horizons
HELP!
My daughter is a huge Big Time Rush fan and I can't find where on your facebook page I register her for the contest
Hi Stella.
Thanks for the follow.
the interview with goldsmith
Looking for a great way to cap off your weekend?
Stop by our Pearl store today at 4pm for a beer tasting with our beer specialist Philip.
I already have a scrapbook and paper so you don't have to worry about getting anything if you don't want to.
I couldn't agree more!
definitely want to her more on this topic!
this sounds wildly inapprop but i always think of u when i hear usher nice n slow.
i know u love that jam!
Follow Friday
But that's me looking at things like LOGIC and STATS.
Considering the trend this year, it may very well continue to defy all logic  reason.
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter Didn't like it now can't get enough of it something like you friend's girlfriend or your girl's sister
Hi to you too!!
Sorry for late response.
:
time to ask for follow backs heck yahh:
Tonight I will propose marriage to Joseph Gordon Levitt.
Who doesn't??
Morning, noon  night!
: Who else wants to doctorss like it's the mid1960s?
great!!!!
Keep me posted for sure!!!
Yes indeed!
How long are you here?
For those that backed our Dying to do Letterman campaign  just sent out requests for your info.
Goodies out early 2012!
Oh 10 day vacation.
.
.
you are almost here.
.
.
Success conquering six awesome miles when sleep is the only thing on your mind
Happy First day of Fall!
What are you eating today?
spending quality time with my family, love them to pieces
are you talking about yourself?
We have hate tweets!
Tell me more about it.
The problem is that I'm way over my head on books that need reviews...probably about 50 waiting  no joke
it's 1:43!
make a wish Angels!
Please if you have any Google invites left I would happily take it off your hands.
are you listening?
Just finished Getting Good With JavaScript.
Great primer to start learning more advanced JavaScript.
Thanks for the book.
wow what a day here on peoplestring!
; 
you can take up al my precious time, because right now
Happy Thanksgiving to all!
I am grateful for God, for my wife and daughter and family, for best friends, and for much more
I think it's just that the swim suit is so teeny tiny.
Road Scholar Gwen M.
Ashburn Mountain Women in Fiction June 2, 7 p.m.
Martin Memorial Library 252.792.7476.
More in this series scheduled.
haha thanks :D
Anyone know of bike rack that will fit Honda Odyssey w/o a hitch.
Not having much luck.
Will go the hitch route if necessary, not preferred.
I lived at my current apartment for about 3 years and just now found out that my neighborhood is Ivy Hill.
Reality show contestants are best viewed from a distance and in small doses.
Now Following : 
That shower was great.
Sunny, topdown doctorving home for lunch and playing with the puppy, then back to the office.
that's what my mom always says but it's never stopped me before
: ...We must love and be reverent of one another.
Jack Kerouac awesome quote
melo is great in clutch but in first 46 minutes not good enough for me to
I know , its sickening but we can never know for sure :
I hope you enjoy The Monuments Men.
Thank you for spreading the word about their unprecedented role in preserving history!
I think the Asians would be cool with it
Surprise day of...
Tadaaa!
I win!
RT : Do your intellectual and creative life a favor with , , and
Excellent post loved seeing the performance data of image formats  loading times with
Another thing, about brown and white eggs.
I need not tell you we do not eat the shells.
The inside of each is the same.
Just visiting.
Still in Spokane.
You're back?
Think I want you still but it may be pills at work
I could really go for a nap right about now.
What do you call the sound a ghost makes when he calls you?
A phone moan.
good luck tomorrow!
I'll see you all in a couple months!
Duke is shitting the bed.
:
Did he win?
We're about 8 weeks behind but think he's best.
but that's messed cause we even talked about it member?
But alrighty
RT if u can help me put my icon up
I did that.
My fault.
Sorry!
We're out of goodbyes.
I didn't see it while I was there yesterday working the tractor pull.
Bummed I'm missing 'a return to Pittsburgh.
ooog so we goin by Alex rules...idk about that lol, and yeah youu are a bully.
watch youu punch me in the face today lol
Johnny's Irish pub hosts the cd launch party this saturday starting at 8
Is this fa real did get a twitter?!
Ah shucks it's over lol
Good hang with tonight.
Can't wait for Saturday!
I'm tired of the midwest and all of it's crabby ass people.
If I were a woman, I'd change my name to Alma Webinar.
Buying some Grapples...supposedly they crumb like apples bit taste like Grapes!
you need a guard that will run the pic and roll, hopefully Baron is up to it.
Losing Chauncy hurt you guys.
I just did the eye chart like 10 min.
ago.
I'm already getting a hard time reading the 6th line ..
Finally getting around to exploring Google Buzz...not sure how I feel yet...
love you though!!!
Welcome chicago!

sounds enter the water / on this night / little cuckoo haiku Chiyoni
all in the name of comedy, wait until I demonstrate the helicopter!
CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU IN NYC33 please tweet me !!!!!3333333333333
Reason I Dont Have Any Tattoos Is So I Dont Have Any Identifying Marks Except For The Freckles On My Left Arm That Spell Out Steve.
make love to the night
I want to see in concert so bad
Parents piss me off.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind dont matter and those who matter dont mind.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME ALEX?
i would love if you did.
WaPo, 1982: Personal computers have invaded our homes, threatening to make marriage and family as obsolete as last year's video game.
Teleportation would work.
I was once delayed 5 hours from SFO to SNA.
doctorving would've taken about 7 hours.
Yesterday is history.
Tomorrow, a mystery.
Today is a giftthats why its called the present.
So, can I return today for store credit?
Well that's going to upset my friend.
xD Yeah but I don't care.
As long as I marry Moses and we have beautiful green eyed kids.
RT : I'm gonna be using the hashtag letstalkteensex along with , so feel free to join in the conversation
Ugh.
I'm such a sucker.
Madonna has gone Matrix
It has to be an odd  like 59 right?
Joke RT : BTW: adding in 58 meta keywords is not SEO folks.
no!!!!
Hurry and rub some dirt everywhere.
you bet, love your posts, so insightful.
GoTribe Im such a pronk.
Losing my logical senses.
I have a feeling New Years is going be so much better when I'm 21......
I know I was born and I know I will die.
The in between is mine.
Eddie Vedder
Pleased to be exhibiting at NEC3UG as Paul Morrell gives keynote speach.
It was perfect that one time :
Edward Teller Two paradoxes are better than one they may even suggest a solution.
Lmao RT : You text him, he doesn't text back.
Obviously, he was so excited that you texted him, that he fainted.
Obviously.
Where are all the buyers?
15year fixed mortgage rate is 3 today
Shoulder bruised from toting around two very heavy carryons up and down stairs and mile long terminals at JFK and PHL.
Subway should have a team and preferred real estate vendo that can help you.
What's your philosophy on dating?
I'll probably throw up
Oh you been to rehab three times?
When are you graduating?
Would be pretty cool but a little bit of a doctorve.
Oh and sorry bout the Pens...
What shows you going to 1st leg?
Just attended Billy Hampton's funeral.
Fitting tribute to a great guy who died far too young.
God bless you, Billy.
Attending Brazil Forum lunch featuring Senator Richard Lugar
Foursquare much?
can you tell me what wisconsin/marquette line shows right now?
benjamin banneker invented the clock...
Why are we as a ppl always late for shit???
ColorPplTime smh
you're cute when you're angry.
Basketball tomorrow?
I want to open a Bird only pet shop and call it That's So Ravens
Thank you!
Things are shaping up 
No foul ??
Beauty gets the date.
Substance gets the ring.
Great race.
Congrats
...up super early.
I smelling like Subway
Damnit, I missed 11:11, now I have to wait 12 hours.
D:
I asked God to remove people out of my life that weren't contributing to His will for me but I didn't expect it to happen like this.
Crisis averted.
Red Swingline back up and running.
Could have been a disaster.
I want a new Blue Jays jersey...
Are we that hard up for showing to watch?
READ A BOOK for goodness sake!
haha no worries man.
No offense taken at all
Sick of that fucking mom and her daughter crying in the verizon store commercial.
I see it so much and it really pisses me off idk why......
Thank you SMPS San Diego for another successful event!
Thank you to our sponsors  Sparling, McCullough Landscape Architecture, Webcor, and
Man Courtney you are killing me.
Lol
do any of u ever ask yourself are vampires real?
Don't joke with me PERIOD , were not friends , do you get it or NO .
Tf
why you gotta be so mean
ACL special!!
150 for a set of 45 lashes!
Book by October 3rd!!!
Spray tans just 35 dollars!!
Need to pay him as an elite RB or elite player?
Agree on the reporting thing.
: Check it: Digital objects in the real world catalysts for real conversation?: wp.me/s1AO1zrepudo And have fun in DC!
like the tweet said punk I dnt wanna work
What's pink popcorn taste like?
Strawberry?
thanks baby i i love you so much xooxoxoxox
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
Hope its a great day!
:
sure but can I do it later cause I'm busy doing something right now :
People underestimate me.
I think it's hilarious that they have ads for Rosetta Stone language learning during Locked Up Abroad.
Awesome, enjoy it!
Billy is great!
RIP Maurice Sendak, author of the beloved book, Where the Wild Things are Tested
I think we got blocked
Give all of us the strength to remember that what we have is special.
That it can be taken from us, and when it is we will be tested.
Employers, military, insurers, sports,...don't want their people on doctorgs for very good reasons.
They will still test
DAAAAANGIT!
I'll be at 's graduation.
The never make a bad album.
It doesn't exist in their music.
I love watching airport reunions.
Pure joy!
Whole season in basement vs.
miss playoffs by a few games.
Basement surely worse fate, but heartache of just missing is awful.
Cmon
I'd call my old pal Ronny Lowe  he'd carry her out of bed and tuck her in the backseat of his car  Jack's latest, reorb.it/jackkerouac
ya boi turned
hope everyone had a good weekend!
trying to get organized...
any suggestions???
I'm setting up the collection items right now for your visit!
follow me i follow bakk
We also have to go to Teen Hoot Hoot Fest ....July 67....they will all be there!
PINK Nails..
GOLD Rings..
Wendler phase 2 week 1 starts now.
Back squats here I come
Blake Hauling is at your service, rain or shine.
doctorve safe in the rain!
I tell my peeps to come thru after dark.
Happy Mother's Day to everyone's mommys!!
RT Love will change your mind
Thanks for RTing us!
Super excited for sleepover later today !
Me: My ass is leaving me  Darnelle: you better go catch it .
Lmao.
Done.
i just made bacon pie!
You cant be the manager, because im the manager Well, i can,,,If I kill you :
They just played Glad You Came back to back on 96.3 lol :
Reminder that ticket prices for our NYE event increase at midnight.
Get your tix now.
too much 
now following ya!
:
TOUCHDOWN BUCKEYES USC BITCHES!!!!!!!!!
I love the sport febreze for my car after sweaty workouts
Complete with the same outcome, hopefully!
:
fuuuuuck this sucks.
I was gonna try an hit my bikini lines thurs...shit lol
We got food n doctornks we at da palace chilling girls looking lol let stop before get in trouble
They play all the new music out here on the East Coast!
RT Experienced one of the most heartwarming gift of kindness in my career today thanks to the work of ATT, 
thanks happy Friday!
Hilton phx airport
I love Fizzy Family 3 follow me please?
:
But really, there is like 10million things that remind me of him.
DAILY.
YOUR NBA CAREER WILL BE A WASH U HAVE NO HEART U SHOULD BE OUT THERE NO MATTER WHAT !
KEEP LISTENING TO HANNAH MONTANA BUM!
RT : Try as u might, u will have off days.
Ppl might see u at less than ur best.
Fear not!Just a reminder that u r human!
Thanks to all of Our Follower's Be sure to checkout Out our new wristbands at www.SNOCLOTHING.com For the cure for Cancer.
I find it strange how I'm doing better in my college level class than in my regular classes!
I do not understand why I cannot find red flats in a 9 without selling my first born child.
Just because Firefox is my favorite browser doesn't mean I don't hate it.
rivalry Watching yankees vs.
Redsox, good baseball game!
98, Boston up in the 8th inning.
Sorry...
Didn't mean to rub it in!
Lol!
I was excited  I knew you'd be too!
Hope we can pull out a win!
Great workshops/talks at UX immersion Portland OR.
Definitely learned a lot about Mobile design and working with agile
I'm not in the mood for nobody
's SALVAGE THE BONES will be available in paperback on April 24th!
Lolol I love how me and just quoted the entire strawberry swisher pt.1 song to one another3 xD
schoolmemories the awkward moment when my geography teacher walk around with crayon on his back of his sweatshirt :D
hahaha!!
Okie dokie: Wayne will get right on that!
Does anyone know somebody in the San Diego South Bay area that was affected by 9/11?
Would like to get in touch with them for a story.
I love you and your voice is amazing.
yes!
I am interested!
Unyankable journalists.
RT : Matloff: don't wear necklaces, ponytails, earrings, anything that can be yanked.
Oh really?
:/ I don't know about a teeth pup, Max had all his when we got him.
i wanna eat panutbutter n jelly with youu :
says Ohio couple pleads guilty to running 200,000 ticketsales scam on
Sounds like a nice way to spend a Saturday!
Thanks for coming in!
things are going much better with Keagen, thank you buddy.
.
closes saying that the education provided by CFB scholarships are valuable, and that football is a social good.
Name has to be something that is not trendy, otherwise you'll be rebranding.
Joe Englert
I've only seen three of my classmates since graduation.
it was a good hang famo!
I just had to clarify my daughter's tweet to see if she was being sarcastic or serious.
Thanks, Twitter for complicating parenting.
fridayreads April  Oliver by tess callahan
I think all hipsters are pulled towards downtown Milwaukee with some strange force from their organic magnet bracelts.
Pandora is reading my mind tonight
I don't like Tornados!
I use to think living in CA with earthquakes was scary but I think tornados freak me out more!!
Have a safe night.
How Did Belly Motions Begin?
Belly Motions  Studio News
There is no way to be a perfect mother, and a million ways to be a good one.
Jill Churchill
When U.S.
starts supporting Pell recipients w/ conditions required for excellence then u can demand it.
Not til then
Just might have to run home and get my CD.
I'm itching to hear When the Boys Light Up!
Stomping Purdue is gonna get a little old for them.
They need some more variety.
I'm saving you two for next time..
When are you all coming back to Muncie?
So tired of all this doctorma seriously people need to grow up
Sweet!
How about the Bucks?
I hope they can hang in there  push for the 8 seed in the east.
Just bought some grad school textbooks thru Buy a book,  one gets donated!
like news channel 3?
my parents are going to kill Brian.
Apologies for the lack of tweets lately.
Been reading the 1st doctorft of our Food for Thought book.
Very exciting!
Will be published in Aug!
Good luck!
Cadillac ranch right next to blue in kendall
I am.
He doesn't seem creditable.
Next step, finding our team.
Thick girls trying
watching JB on ridiculousness!!!!
I love u 3
I wonder if ever feels like he's on the losing side of the most important battle out there.
You guys really are
Thanks for the warm welcome, folks!
Slowly finding my sea legs.
Small business Saturdays!
Come check us out!
i'm gonna call you
Thanks, yours are good too!
Fun isn't it?
Off 2 do a couple of master classes  USC w/Mintzer  Pasqua.
Then visiting some old exrelatives  finally the redeye to NYC.
Thanks so much!
I loved reflecting over all these great photos portraying motherhood in all its glory :
Hey sweetie you look cute i'n your pic with your pretty eyes
oomf knows we get too sillay
Radio bumping
just say no!
Can't wait 2 fix my phone so I can follow again!!
U kicked some LA butt 2nite, girl!!
Eeeeeps!!!!
That's all I have.
Pretty much sums it up.
great day, and yours
Wait a minute is gonna be in the mini camp are they crazy???
S/O to all my new followers.......
kay bye 3
apologies.
Happy to chat any time.
Good job on story.
I don't understand why you ever thought DNS blocking was a good idea; doesn't give me confidence in yr tech knowledge
I think they're still repairing the reflecting pool in front of the Lincoln Memorial?
thanks, we saw a need and no one else was doing it.
Do you do relationship skills with your girls?
Hope you found a ride!
Are you still considering an NFL comeback?
You're 50 now!
Please consider the Packers if you do.
iThinkOfYou when i sleep when i eat when i boo boo then after i flush no more you
now it's just ten more days...
weights today.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY BOY!!!
Muah!!!!
Thx for the RT: Have a great week!
Tuesday.
Lunch.
Let's do it.
112.
Bring a ten dollar bill, and you'll get change.
Be there!
Or, be...
square.
LOL!
: I'd be ok with that.
If only I could accept boys as much as I accept Nutella...
Be rich in character and make an impact on the lives of others.
Just a HANDful of Love each day will add up to incredible change!
I there
Josh is the rudest dog in the world.
Sitting in office on laptop eating lunch and just comes and sticks his nose on my plate
Awesome time at PassportDC today!
Such a wonderful event :
Ozzie: I expect to be here a long time..I am willing to do everything to make things better.
Follow/unfollow bug.
Don't know who I'm following anymore.
Like a stalker not invested in his target.
Sometimes I just wish I could be in a Grand Theft Auto Vice City game.
Christ, in the 4 gospels, taught the milk of the gospel and only taught the meat in His parables.
The outdoor pool could use some breaking into.
Someone go shove some trans fat down Angelina Jolie's throat...
we love u
ABC luncheon in dntwn ROC, city council, police chief, agency heads, local anchorman Alhart there to salute pub historian doctorAnderson
evil bastard
Andoctora Roller, an auditor in the U.S.
attorney's office who assists in the prosecution of whitecollar crimes, takes the stand.
Home Run O's
Thanks : I'm taking my sketchbook to school tomorrow to show mister.
Aliano.
Hitting the studio to finish up a vocal, you guys are really gonna dig this one
Craigslist missed connections are the craziest things ever.
I'm gonna start writing in to those.
Wow, my first Twitter shoutout!
Thanks, !
I'm glad we had a chance to hang out before you begin adventures in library school.
Watching last weeks episode and Crosby is wearing a headband...
What?
Ima Kill This BITCH i Swear To God
Your a daimond short of perfect :
Wish the Packers had a game tonight.
That's awesome!
Thanks :
Congrats!
I too have recently entered 2007 with an iphone of my own!
We are so fancy now.
Goldman Sachs and Bilderberg share a similar roster.
Did you know?
if I do I'm going the day he plays!
use those watches we got back in the day!
LCC Members RT this to be entered to win 1 free lunch for Administrative professorssionals day at the Club this Wednesday!
I followback follow for 100 followers!!
J Alito asks about asylum applicants who didn't have registration docs but no one thinks should be removed.
Also please follow me on twitter.
Help me do what I love, it is so much obliged.
CurrentStateOfTheUnion: IN: boarding school, NYC, KD.
OUT: day school, Westchester, AC.
Gabriel, Michael, and Lucifer are the only angels named in the Bible.
I'll doctornk to that
Today will be a beach day I think :
Your kind donation will HELP families and childoctorn in Japan...
www.american.redcross.org
is that at the mall?:
A terrific day for the Greek Festival on Preston St.
That baklava sundae was fabulous and wellpriced!

you would leave CO to come to Austin excited 2 see u   u likely need adult supervision now.
Got disposable coffee cups!
In middle school, I stole my sister's Check Your Head cassette tape and listened to it so much she got it back and the tape was worn.
It's like I didn't even get up this morning.
On the bus heading home from a great Jimmy Buffett concert.
Cold and rainy but still a good time.
ICantStandPeople who are ignorant
Monsters: which would you choose: to meet lady gaga or be in the monster pit?
no problem : follow me
not you.
They are ready.
Go browns.
we are having a long delay in email notifications when our design team sends out updates, how can we fix this?
Ready to get 18 in with Daddio.
ThingsBetterThanNickiMinaj Absolutely nothing.
I love you, Nicki.
My dog officially made her own version of the potty dance.
Lol.
Funniest thing ever.
Happy Labor Day Weekend Bill.
Thank you for the FF!
oh dang...
doctorps haha
just got home from penny sake.
I love penny sake.
Dangit, i should have hit this morning.
Guess I'll be ringing in a new year with an old doctorss.
really looking forward to checking you out tonight.
Any password needed or just come introduce
That is a wonderful passing.
You are in our hearts and thoughts.
Lance  Christine
thx.
Do u have a reward if u make it?
which station?
I need Chuck.
We can't wait to read you book Growing a Farmer!
Do you know how we can get a review copy?
5 Benefits of Cloud Hosting  Internet Technology Blog
truelife my stepbrother is a creep.
Alternative Investments: The Shift To Real Estate
Meet some great members 2day  the Builder Road Show hosted  the Design Studio, sharing the latest in homebuilding!
I just want to notice me.
CelebrityApprentice ...
This is gonna be a good season!
grades first, then sports in my opinion!
Literally throwing away memories too.
hugs u haha
of we combined we would be scary sexy
Two additional free tools are LinkedIn and Notable Names Database.
welcome back to the Burgh.
You can tell Amazon review is by friend/family if reviewer has reviewed no other books, or only books by same author.
Laundoctor day  Boring day.
arrrrggggh
I just found out that the Geist 5K Race on May 21st is sold out.
If anyone has a bib and wants to sell it, please let me know.
Feels weird to always have my face in my new iPhone.
Will this fun wear off soon?
did Fat Vanessa tell you that ?
Cam and Carmin know how to have fun...
Let's leave it at that.
:
Ok name this song : This one is for the boys with the booma stystem top down ac with a cooler system:
Judge asking which statutory guideline does the GAB have to deny ballot access?
This weekend's excellent reading: Skellig, by David Almond, and The Rules for Hearts, by
is interviewing next year's InterActivity host childoctornsmuseum from Portland OR Peter B.
Human beings are perhaps never more frightening than when they are convinced beyond doubt that they are right.
Laurens Van der Post
Omg i'm fucked...
my smart women friends in book clubs are all reading 50 Shades.
We should do some promo re: book clubs  best way support writers, spend 
what's up with these fans invading the field.
2nd time this season right
if you love justin bieber your obvs a new belieber cuz if you have been one you would miss the old justin with every fiber of your being.
cover is absolutely retarded.
Were they doctornk or something??
Next Tournament Ill be at is the best buy classic in may!
then I'm at every tournament from there on out!
Congratulations to for being named NBA DLeague MVP today!
Justin is the leader of this team and this award reflects that!!
I didn't believe in sharts until I obliterated my boxers when I was 19.
Thought you would like to know.
Shoot I may have to start making some money off of art...
I think I might have to be a sandwich artist so that I actually could get paid
I agree!
So refreshing!
no interruption makes me feel like a serious boss
Don't support the Mexican cartel, don't smoke reggie.
not close at all...Eminem is it.
Best selling rapper alive and 2nd only to 2Pac.
Lyrical master.
I'm sorry!
thanks for the RT!
You would be Moss removal not moss removal.
What i i would do to have you here what id do to have you near, i wish you were here.3 love you dad
Thnx Patenjoyed our coffee and appreciate your helping the mission!
This is just awful.
I'm emotionally unstable.
Bitch I better see you in 10 minutes, other words ....
you better come to school !
3
no one yelling at Rumer, Scout, Qbert, Cassidy, Kendall, Hunter, Cody, Dylan, Rubella Scabies, Condoleeza Marie, or Gummy Sue?
Crazy busy!!
On the grind!!
Taking over!!
Watch us shine!!
JoshBEmpire is on the rise!!
SURE YOU DID LOL U KNOW THE NEW BTR EPISODE THAT COMES ON ON SATURDAY THEY FILMED DURING TOUR
The best coaches around the nation are going to be in DC this weekend for the Global Pickup Conference!
Come see me speak!
freak u lucky i eating....POPS.O
I will never have kids.
Or at least when I have a kid I will be the parent and make sure he behaves.
Control your child.
I wonder who else has a Twitter.
Its hard to find people..
: / There is to much and I get to lazy looking threw everything.
Why do I always end up in line at Walgreens when Dave Matthews Band is playing?
Happy New Year everyone!
Have a safe and wonderful time!
We'll see you on the in 2012!
Won't be able to play at Freitas as is longterm.
Sounds like the XL Center in Hartford is most likely option, at least to start
lasagna at perbacco was quite delicious.
perfectly cheesy, meaty and a little winey.
thanks for the rec
hahahah!
That would be me!
Dana announces progress on USPS stamp and special cancelation stamp.
Also, visit from King and Queen of Spain in 2015.
45 min/1 hr to doctorve to chitown after school plus 45 min/1 hr to get to the hotel and get settled.
BAMPPHHH
spanish with
: In case you're wondering, I will be covered in lotion laying in the 85 degree sun on Myrtle Beach all day today :
So now snow decides to lay why can't it do it when we have school..
Still working on spikedoctorver blues...i keep watching that video!
is on street team, for Indiana : please put JWhitesidesST in your bio 3
I'd appreciate an explanation.
it looks like I won't make it to the party ,have to work : 
hope to see you
I commend you sir.
Changing double diapers and cleaning puppy poo is lot of commitment.
You've kicked off Congrats.
I liked 's Vanna White moment showing off book at start ;
This coke is doing unspeakable things to me right now.
Data visualization has Csuite support : They offer free training to managers on how to effectively present  communicate it.
Want to see us in your town?
Tell us about your favorite local venues!
We want to know where you guys are seeing your best shows.
Fuck ya less im with ya
Imma make it to the Moon, even if I have to crawl.
Wish every team had someone as hilarious as on Twitter.
Bout to make sum moves
any friend of is a friend of mine :
What ever happened to 's 25 Cities project?
cc:
I'm setting the odds at 80 chance that our grades plummet
The Manpacks logo is like a batsignal for smart, inspired people.
Always a pleasure meeting them via our live chat.
the bad thing about dark is all the rape it makes, herpa derp.
RT : A net of 207,821 people moved into Texas from other states from 2007 to 2010; 264,749 moved out of California.
That should be me to be your boyfriend not him
Alison Bechdel is brilliant in person.
I'm so happy she came to Milwaukee
Thanks to for hosting our social last night, and to for your presence there  all the giveaways!
eww why does it have hair on it?!
All NATURAL baby you like that?
q asco el real Madoctord, por favor
cool...I guess
Nice to meet you too:
My aunt and me are packing up a week in clothes for Flordia.Im excited to look at the house and stalk Ariana lol:
in that case, congratulations!
:
would also prevent him from leaving the starter in too long
20 of diners in the US would prefer texting a restaurant than calling or make mobile payments.
Text me: 9164206020 for more info
Hypothetically of course, are there somethings better left unsaid?
or would you wanna know instead?
But I totally am.
Wanna give us a prompt?
witnessed the most epic hiccup performed by moi...
It was awesome.
I'm nobody's fool.
I'm getting a jump start on Fri.
Cant help myself.
Have a good one!
:RT : thanks for the early ff Happy Friday
Terrorist threats against banks are generated by Homeland Security and the FBI.
Bet...
processes hands down..
A world with more than 1 hero isn't realistic but one w/ a flying car is ....
You know that's not really me, right?
it sure is!
we can't wait!
yep!
We had that tonight too.
The place upstairs overlooking Michigan Ave with the jazzy music.
Same nite as the huge choco cake.
Thx for blowing me off  some friend you are
This is the first time badgers have played inspiring ball all year!
Hope they can pull it out now.
L.
Deng Requests Refugee Support
pass I'm not that brave...rustlers has great food though, enjoy
When in doubt bake cake!
You can never go wrong with that
I enjoy my job
lol to the comment on the class reunion page..
Maybe they should've taken the hint
THEY WOULD SAY GRAND!OMFGD: I MISS VINNY SO FUCKIN MUCH.
I enjoy when the cafe has a 99 cent soup special but the 2 spoon charge rubs me the wrong way
Fantastic work by staff who worked on the Christmas special, on now.
A look at memories from 2011.
It's World AIDS Day.
Over 240k Americans do not know they are HIV 
It's officially Carnival Season!
Do you ever go to carnivals?
Very nice to see you!
Hope you have a great week!
idk if im goin im sick :/
Bathroom floors should be durable, water resistant, safe  and, of course, beautiful.
thats fine with me lets make plans
LMAO Nothing is Impossible for that man
I know I want a hamburger!
I'm HONESTLY not worried.
I don't expect Rio to get 26 again, but I don't expect Wade to have 5pts and 5 TOs again either
Auyoung: the opacity of Dickens that James saw as aesthetic flaw  he's all surfaces  actually embodies a philosophical insight
fk it.
we're announcing follow thursday.
5 people/orgs we respect.
Mat Sale: THIS WEEK ONLY...
10 classes only 99!
Hurry  ends Friday!
baby, your all I need and moree!
3 :
Start your morn w/ a moment of reflection, some fierce intention, a bit of activity to activate it  a good breakfast.
Watch your day soar!
when's next Austream ?:
61 cars in the shop.
That's what I'm talking about.
Just Wrapped Up My Audio Piece.
TwSIG Students creating presentation to clients to rebrand.
Using Kickstarter to raise funds to start art event in the city.
T gets it out
You will will never know just how beautiful you are, to me.
I'm emailing my business partner and he's sitting right across from me...
Morning Sunshine!
I'm feeling positive about Detroit today.
:
Damian Juado 7 records are the perfect ending to one hell of a month.
Sincere thanks to all of you.
Just saw a little kid motorboating a manikin
AZ PartyLife Productions very own up and coming DJ NOBuDDY is killing it on the decks right now  San Felipes Desert Ridge here til 2am come
Until you find yourself, its impossible to lose you.
Because I never had you, although I would be glad to
Cool.
Glad you like the idea.
You setup a professorle?
Thoughts?
How can we make it better?
Friends; I love them, they love me.
How am I supposed to live without them?
Second best and big family!!!
KLSKSHESAHDJKEFHSDJDHA!
ChildoctornsMuseums can contact their local to find out about scheduling a Sid the Science Guy event
3 Suspended OSU Players reinstated for Miami gameand you can now check out the uniforms the Buckeyes will be wearing for the Wisc.
game
Crashing early tonight, got a busy day planned tomorrow.
Email from mister Ma Guang Lu says has biz proposal for me for 17.3 M USD.
If dollar doesn't fall more, it might buy me lunch this week!
I just shot the tail off a doctorgon.
In exchange, I got a nifty sword.
I'd say it's a fair trade.
You're straight?!
barn tomorrow afternoon?
anyways , at homee havee to work pus'as concessions tonight .
Cubs comeback win against the Reds today an important step in making our inevitable collapse more painful.
A great alternative to situps, dumbbell side bends will work your entire abdomen for a killer sixpack!
Whoa, let's not hate on The Lumineers just b/c Cities 97 picked them up 1st...
Entry show was great!
Me: Nice neck brace Jason Derulo Jason Derulo: JaySon DuhRoolooo!
Me: facepalm
No, their management is so strict with what they say now.
Scooter Braun was just like yolo when The Wanted was in the US.
eesh.
i totally get where he was coming from but the title, not so great.
I'm writing a piece about whether you should ever fire a client...
Ever had to do something like this?
I'd love to hear your story.
Good.
smirks DM me if you want to rethink my offer okay?
You have the makings of an alpha.
Dear Hoes, Your Worthless, Mean, Use People, Tryna Be Cute.Well Yhur Not People Hate You Even More Of Wat You Do.
You Make Your Life Worse.
Any tools for creating Infographics?
lol i cant stand her at all
Im readdy to die with Justin's sexyness in that cover ;
RT : If we dont have it we can find it!
If we cant find it....we can make it!!
Stop in to Dinys Jewelers in Middleton!
Contact us with any question about proper Insurance coverage in Florida 3212341690
Glad to see that your are ok.
Millions of people love you and enjoy seeing you happy.
:
Wish you could join us.
Editing montage.
Awww yeah
ugh school
Great meeting you too.
Have a nice Fall!
Can't wait to see TINTIN!
About time they made a movie about him and little snowy.
hahah thats hilarious.
You would give your kid brother to band guy?
It's ridiculously addictive.
I find myself yelling at the TV and I've never done that.
Just heard some guy tell his son that littler is not a word.
Why not?
Jerk.
LOL!
: Just saw the most Latinos on NBC ever!
I want to take you where the night never ends.
Vaginies is not a workout...gabe's dad is a funny one
I'm pretty sure the Brewers did it a few years ago
Hmm my love made some bomb food me me  him :
Anne Tyler People always call it luck when youve acted more sensibly than they have.
thanks for the support!
how can i get a feature!
I have.
No idea what to do right now lol
today, all i'm really waiting for is for something worth waiting for...
You had me at hello :
Legs so tight :
A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person.
You earn reputation by trying to do tough things well.
does your heart ever hurt from having too much fun?
LOVE LIFE!!
There is still time!
Good morning tweeters!!
Huge congrats to my girl on her Daytime Emmy nomination for Supporting Actress!!!!!!!
great timing!
Always offer help once move is done.
What a wonderful idea!
And Joan Didion certainly deserves a week celebration!
We can't wait for Blue Nights to pub!
Birthday shoutout to Kellyaayyyy!
Best friend and roomie I could ask for :
yes yes yes!!!
Wondering if there isn't some way for BOTH Minnesota AND Dallas to lose today...
now that's the real toots
: Strawberries...
nomnomnom!
.....I love strawberries, save me some lol
Coolio just came on my Pandora.
Do I win now?
Facebook and other social networks can allow that to happen
yes i do remember you love: hi :p
Q4 via How does your domestic trip differ from an overseas one?
If I put periods, that means I'm being seriouss.
Is I end with a !, or ?
Or a face, then its aall good aha.
Thanks to St.
Vincent, Nuvo, GayIndy.com, CVS Pharmacy, Indy Pride, The Royal Group, Starbucks and Music for All for supporting
You're everywhere Chris.
Good stuff.
Didn't attend or follow CiL, I got burned out on that conference when things started to sound the same year after year.
So the Jet's delivery guy comes to our front door, when i get to the door he says I dont think this is yours, just always come here.
thanks for the love
We are not done
Happy Friday!
Office Tacos?
Debbie Gibson started recording her Out of the Blue album on this day in 1986.
She was only 16.
sorry I forgot!!
This Month's  Keeping American Music Alive: Geoff Muldaur is one of the great voices and musical....
www.geoffmuldaur.com
Rahul, right, we never did get to chat!
We should definitely connect in SF!
It's almost 7am and we're almost in Philly.
Thank you Connecticut for being amazing.
Troc balcony tonight!!!!
The Secret of My Success.
To be honest, I mostly enjoy it because Michael J Fox's character is named Brantley
A Man is no more than who he is when he is on his alone on his knees in prayer.
: : thanks 4 the follow, much appreciated!
No problem!!
Sorry it took so long TJ Lol no worries!
gosh I was jus kidding dang.
Racing to meet my gf at port authority bus station.
Maybe not the most romantic place to start valentines day.
Man I Really Want to Play Grand Theft Auto
I swear I just saw an ad for Lovers Lane featuring you in some restaurant.
Wishing you lots of luck!
Road trip with Molly's mom, Molly,  my sister ;D FUN!
3
Don't forget when you ask someone a question and their answer begins with So,!
lmao!!
Tea time!
i thought it was 'wew' ?
lol.
I'm sure he will!!!
Miss Darsy bout to join the MILF club ; hahaha
this crap is hard when you're far away
Dear girl wearing flip flops in a snowstorm...your iPhone has a weather app.
Seriously.
This inmate on tv talking shit as guards toss him around.
I'm thinking lawd!
he has to feel like a bish wanting revenge right now.
Excited to watch some March Madness with this weekend!!
HAHAHAHA Your Twitter is legend .
:,
It was fucking great meeting you  Neil today.
Wish I was here till Sunday to catch the show.
Roll through Denver soon, bud.
so um I like Chu.
:
Check out Andoctora Seikaly's first installment of Reel Life, in which she takes a look at one item of film news per week....
instantclassic TRAINING DAY
Belle  hey beest kijken met Lisa!
3 RT : and their Chef's choice deal are too good
Thanks!!!
Are you having fun with it yet?
I'm pretty sure I'm married to a hot girl
But no lines, and no wing night!
Seriously, I need to call Hoarders in order to clean my grandma's house.
Global Crash's album Echolalia is now available on iTunesJapan, ambient, electronica,IDM music for fans of AFX!!!!!!!
TODAY may be THE DAY.
Never give up!
YOU NEVER KNOW.
Go, go, go!
S.M.W ...PERSEVERANCE pays...
get ready to cash in.
;
Of course  glad to make it.
Thankful for this Cool Spring Weather!

get Carl Q back.
Not an Andoctorw fan.
Too liberal  not as smart as Carl.
I miss my baby soo much...everytime he calls  I hear his voice makes me miss him even MORE3 grrr.
Tonight I'm watching Jack et Jill followed by Jules and Jim.
Thanks love.
RT : don't cry, Qi!
It'll get better.
Love ya!
3
Hope that you didn't get rained on too much in Guatemala Wishing you safe travels on your return back home!
Movie recommendation is Sigourney Weaver in Aliens
I think we can go ahead and say it's none of the ppl above :/
Oh, shoot!
It's too late to go see JOHN CARTER, isn't it?
I am accustomed to sleep and in my doctorams to imagine the same things that lunatics imagine when awake
Really!
WHY RUN THE FUCKING BALL WHEN YOUR NOT GETTING IT DONE ON THE GROUND!
Thanks for the RT!
Always good to share information like this.
UGLY shot by Terry just like against LA.
Its like he forgot how to close.
WTF?
O great foul by the way VINCE!
Curse of VINCE!
It's about the extent of my design skills...
Perhaps I should fly to SF for your class...
thanks for caring abt my little Jenna.
Beat the heat with a blended Chi Chi.
Heaven in a glass.
it is good now...good luck.
Let me see if I can find anything
We are looking to get our blog back up and in action.
Would you be interested in running a guest post?
Alright!
:D I wanna see it
77 of girls think they are ugly, 100 are not.
Trying to think of new ways to raise y'all's taxes NC.
I'm thinking either a tax on sleeping or a tax on breathing air
Thx Tim!
Have a good weekend, man!
RT : 4 great tips and info follow here on twitter all week long!
Even for her, my 10yo was excited to audition for Alice , but for some reason she auditioned w/ the Oz scarecrow song.
Yeah, always has great posts!
Physical therapist says my back is like a brick  Considering I hvnt done upper body for the last 10mo I dnt think it was a compliment
Wayne Felber Live  The Improv November 16th 2011: via Please watch and leave some feedback
WhatNotToSayToThePolice I'm married to a cop, so I say pretty much whatever the hell I want to :
Madison Pharmacy Associates  Vitamin E can reduce hot flashes, esp when combined with a lowfat diet high in vegetables.
I think it would be great to be the emperor of ice cream; that's like, so much ice cream
Seriously, I may have to go all J.D.
Salinger meets Stephen Joyce when this happens.
Taking the Bull by the Horns!!!
Riding it Hard!!!
: I lay in bed every night and over think everything.
badhabit
having problems trying to figure out how to get my blue ray sound to come out of my home theatre w/no digital audio input
baseball has to be the worst sport ever after watching that video!
Realtors!
We want to hear from you!
Do you view work emails on your computer or cell phone more?
a place where you meet youtubers :
We're living in a fantasy, I feel it when you dance with me.
this one :P
You wanna see my dick real talk
Recommend the Korean TV series I Love You.
Characters are crazy, vulnerable, sweet  brash.
Intriguing slice of Korean lifedoctormatized.
Thats actually not true..
I've been in lobbies with her when she is constantly talking to everyone
Char Booth is talking about learners and how we provide them with better service oclcwebscale UCLA
AFSCME Local 171 steward Anne Habel: Union leaders are NOT meeting at Madison Labor Temple tonight to discuss general strike.
Oxy Mo: Numbing sensation...
Jacking off will turn any animal into a romantic.
Great lunch with the girls : now shopping 
Printed and bound a couple of large orchestral scores to send to a competition before I realized they were accepting electronic submissions.
Never be afraid to sit awhile and think.
Lorraine Hansberry, A Raisin in the Sun
hey favorite manager!!: love yahope someday you'll notice!!:
With a McEvilly at the Livonia Chamber luncheon featuring miromney.
Place is packed!
That's what matters!
RT : I told you guys last week; he just wins games.
90 yd doctorve right?
Hope Tebow wins the west  super bowl
Theres no need to rush.
If something is meant to be, it will happen.
In the right time, with the right person, for the best reason
I'll try to.
Excited.
I've been waiting for this day for quite some time :
you need to switch to perhaps statements.
Or the quite possiblies.
DC: we hear alot about FENTY and RON Moten; what's the story behind FENTY  DAVID Moten?
Is DAVID why FENTY is so indebted to RON?
if we develop indepth knowledge, it will enable us to give our best to others and help to make a better world....
Which is why we're all good at Twitter!
RT : A1: The ability to write and speak clearly and concisely is essential.
Fact 3: and are my twitter besties :
Just got an email for FREE VIAGRA!!
Seriously, why would a lezzy need Viagra!?
Duh duh duh duh dumbasses...
Can you send me a quick email?
Don't have your current one.
waste not want not
I guess im going out lol
Back home and getting ready for LA
DaniloPerez is showing us what he knows on the keys.
Big Happy Birthday to !
We should all aspire to be like her!
Nothing as exciting than sitting in a jury room waiting to be called or not called.
Where are the cots?
: performing with at Cafe 4212 on Saturday!!!!!!!
I'm hoping it'll go up next to Arnold's statue at Vets.
My guess...
it'll be next to a Dumpster somewhere.
Just crack him in the ribs will ya Resop?
Break out the boxes and packing peanuts.
It's moving week.
This one's goin off without a hitch.
I'm kind of jealous but fuck it.
This ain't high school.
Brooks Conrad is the new Yuniesky Betancourt
sorry you're I'll.
Next year...flu shot.
: California seeking the MOPAC region's firstever mixed title.
mixedcurling history//go CA!
cheering you on!
Seen during nyfw, helpful sign in elevator.
We should all do this!
Nyp.st/xzRjNb
you're right.
:p i really like their newest single.
I really wish my phone would stop autocorrecting how to hoe.
I'm tired of offending all of my friends.
I'm so jelly I'm not even gonna lie 
my pleasure, Ramon!
gonna be playing The Nick in Birmingham, AL on 4/2.
Come show some love!
Relationships are about two individuals who maintain their own lives and create another one
In Touch!
We're on the table at a local station.
Not us physically, but our show proposal.
Looking for more sponsors: Email
GOD MORNING.
no sleep.
Lots of work all night.
Coffee and gym.
Today, doctorNK WATER INSTEAD OF OTHER LIQUIDS.
SEE HOW U FEEL
teamtipsy request tipsy feat on for the hot 8 at
Fuck the gym I'm goin home
you're welcome
I cunt believe you aren't going!
ill do anything at all just to be with you .
I love you too angie.
No one world can ever be like u .
Ur a one of a kind piece
Ready for tomorrow night.
Want to earnestly invite you out to experience Jesus!
Join Us  3108 McGinnis Ferry Rd, Suwanee, GA
thatsadmomentwhen you tweet about mashed potatoes and when you go get some, you realize your dad ate them all :
I hate getting bad luck constantly.
It happens so much I'm starting to think that's how it's always going to be.
Celtics have only attempted one shot in the paint so far....
Family's coming today!
YES!
:
OMG..
I forgot my NewYears resolution lets see..Think Pooh..Think NewYearsResolution Move out UNEEDED people  move in New and Better
how's it going?
having a busy day?
Michigan emergency manager law could go to ballot
but seeing all these cute babies makes me think of the one I would have had RIP Jaden 3
er referred me to urgent care.
Severe allergic reaction is no longer an emergency.
so true!
: Thelen Tilden and Larsen both emphasized role of provocation but interpretation in NPS is all about avoiding conflict
No but money back guarantee.
The righteous won't be forsaken.
You better believe it
We're at the today welcoming 500 guests to Indy!
RT : Amanda Knox was freed today, proving again that the only thing Italians can do right is spaghetti and spraytanning.
Hey baby girl, welcome to Twitter.
Love love love you sexy : :
yes I'm upset it turns on but The page is black and u can only see the mouse what does that mean?
There's a mixtape I've been meanin to download/burn for like a month and I still haven't.
Fuck
Tell it, great NY has 6 goalies on the ice, yeah yeah yeah.
I miss you, but I have been trying to forget you
I should be working on my English project but the internet is really distracting
Gotta get Adele album its a must
The value of experience is not in seeing much, but in seeing wisely
Love Suri, but on the next update see if you can voice text and read Facebook and Twitter messages!
:
I am the native English speaker and cannot seem to beat my wife in words with friends.
I like that the cover is multiple stills
Can you hit me up with that link please?
: didn't seem to work
Vietnamese coffee and a good book yep life is good.
can't wait to ride tomorrow on my new Orbea!
Not if A.Trammell doesn't get voted in.
The random apostrophe?
I'm glad they fear no turds.
Thats relieving.
I'm very good
Do you want to speak to the manager or someone who know's what's going on?
print model?
Hulk was an audience fav but Stark will forever be my love!
Best of the series and I am SO seeing it again!!
Problem is being unsafe, doctornking and doctorving are necessities to survive watching a horse race.
sweet: I'm going for a run I'll text u when I'm otw:
In a town.
It's right by my place and it's the only station I've gone to for awhile.
Ugh.
Can't wait to move outta here.
Truth.
RT : NikitaTMitchell Scandal makes everything all better!!!!
I do it as a favor to them.
Congratulations to mister mister Adam Hoskins!
Last dance competition ever...wheredoesthetimego?
Sold out at belly up tavern tonight for johnny cash tribute/80th birthday!
Hey Pittsburgh: Looking for a salon that's open on Mondays?
We're here until 6 pm  come get gorgeous!
4128546881
Aw I just saw the cutest ranga babies!!!
haha sucks for you :
Poll: Do you delete email or just mark as read?
I think we should crowdsource our NBA playoff picks to
: Remember that book Dear American Airlines?
I could write my own today, how is ruining my Mother's Day.
Just arrived at hawthorne, watching R5 sound check!
Tutor Doctor New Mexico is now on Twitter.
Follow us at
Merry Christmas!!: Great night with family in TN for Christmas.
Not the same at Grannys without Pop.
Miss the heck out of him.
thanks man but im staying in tonight
Good Luck DC Assault Alumni in NCAA Tourney!!!
The one thing that really broke my heart was that all of my pictures from when I went to see the Maine in Dec.
are all gone 
There is no shortage of companies here at SXSW that could improve this interminable checkin process.
Google Chrome: Coffee: via
They Saved The Best For Last I Knew It !
Forgiveness will make you a better person, holding a grudge will make you a bitter person.
I have been looking for the UDK melee weapons and pawns, did that ever get done?
8
Happy New Moon!!
I love the show ridiculousness:
I wasn't starving, until I read your tweet!
Gig Harbor Fishing would like to wish all you Mom's out there a very Happy Mother's Day and Good Fishin to Ya!!
RT : I'm the guest today!
RT 12pm ReMix a show where guests share a mix of songs that has inspired them....
RT: God has you exactly where He wants you.
Learn to be happy where you are, and God will take you where you want to be.
...
that's some luck.
Enjoy!
it depends on what you mean by grownups...but lots of ad professorssionals will be there!
Touring is NG's official Traveler magazine in Italy.
is an old esteemed organization who knows the best secrets about Italy!
my old stoppin' grounds!
Thanks for following!
come to the IJP4 in philly Nov 1020 !
great lineup :
Dirty girl..
RT : 69 in Psychology...
not too bad!
GS Escondido Bath Remodel is offering 20 off on a full bath remodel to all Diversity Platinum members!!!!
love the haters ;
And yet, you put Community on hiatus.
Not cool, NBC.
Not cool.
I'm all set up at C2E2.
Stop by table O4 and say hi!
Here at Speakaboos, we wish you and your family a safe and happy 4th of July!
yes!!!!
all the sluggers in the central are doctorppin like flies.
i'm thinkin the reds got a shot next yr
Think I might go to the movies tonight
Alright show time catch ya later
trying not to fall asleep, aha :
i'm no better than anybody else...my sins get the best of me too at times...it'saprocess
Not me wody!!!!
Way to go Spaniard......ya jackass.
how are you gonna criticize Kobes FIVE RINGS when Lebron has ZERO?!?!
Smfh
Health care stories are coming in, keep it up!
Tell your coworkers and family about us maybe they have a story to tell too.
oh word, you be fixing self checkouts like shit hahah
Stay tuned for an upcoming article with the Huffington Post regarding industrial changes in SriLanka and what it could mean for you
: is lovin da tee!!
support Thanks we appreciate the love and business!
learn some airplane edicate
amen to that ..
work harder indeed :
What does your resume say  and not say  about you professorssionally.
As 10 people you trust to review it.
Tip: don't ask Mom.
Really?
Just watch when i see you!
Throw you in water!
Love putting my headphones in and doctoraming
everything is factored in, cash and/or online play, tweeting about poker, poker blogs etc.
If anyone grinds we want to know!
There's only two types of people in this world: People who smoke weed and people who need to chill the fuck out.
Some of you Ladies Twitpic'n your Mothers gone look ROUGH when yall get older..
DEEZAMNED!
Samurai Weapons!!!
I just read that too.
laughing my ass off.
They are run by idiots.
The rest of the nfl is laughing at them as well.
Screaming Happy Birthday To The Beautiful And Talented I Love You With All My Heart Enjoy Your Birthday!!!!!!!!!
yh but i'm like seriously
I'll get ripped alright.
Ripped muscles from working out too hard.
LOL!
I hate when people don't text back right away!
It makes me paronoid...
You original tweet did not say whether you liked it or not?
It just said they pushed Detroit.
Which is a horrible place.
wtf, lol, I think that's completely worst..
Happy Birthday Kourtney!
Any luck finding Trampoline WIN stuff online?
Put it up on the wall or as a comment!
Search for stunts or Cirque Du Soleil if you need help.
Can't even begin to explain how shitty it is when people you are close changefor the worse
anyone going out tonight?
every one is beutiful
maybe try neurologist?
Or review of meds by doctorusually goes to.
RT : I think doctor Seuss could have been the greatest rapper!
:D
Puck just sang Taylor Swift's Mean 
Whats The Ultimate Christmas Present ?
Obviously it would be getting a pair of SABRES!!
can't help thinking of The Munsters...Are they made with real men?
Thank God summer is almost here.
God I wish they were streaming live video of the Supreme Court argument today.
is celebrating 5k completion at the Red Elephant with Meyers...
bring on the Red Winephant!
I live in a very fucked up society
I really want some pancakes.
Thank you to all the veterans who have fought to give us the freedom to do what we love day in and out.
We are especially grateful.
Airfare trends to Europe  Atlanta Journal Constitution
Your wit makes me want to lick your brains and that's so weird but I'm strangely ok with it.
And to think I once worried that a PhilliesSox series could pit me against my current city....
At least the Yankees lost?
So today was awesome.
Again, happy birthday Kenz :
Recording soon....can't wait to have something crispy for you to pour milk on
Going to look at cars, then work from 611.
next year you and monta are gonna put the league on notice...enjoy the lottery,from here on out its playoffs for the bucks.
Johnny Estrada Slow How slow does Aramis Ramirez have to be to not legout that infield hit?
Wow.
Powerful, but hadn't considered that yet tonight.
They come for what instead?
Expertise?
you guys should check out musicmatrix.com to promote your music and video
good night!:
Damn !
giving all he can handle...
and then some !
Let's go Cotto !!!!!
ou been always doctoraming for.
I think he could be very random!!!
He looks perfectly random..That is a plus !!
Good Mornin from the States
You are.
please meet My talented friend .
Charlene will love your hats
20ThingsAboutMe 5.
I have eczema.
It's the worst thing ever.
.
got to bout to shut it down lol
Complete crap call.
RT : RT : Aaron Rodgers head appears to be located in his armpit
ireallywant Everyones doctorams to come true!
did I ever send you stuff?
.
I highly suggest reading The Lean Startup by Eric Ries.
It would really help you with your development plan and strategy.
Is this for real or is my local cable TV provider just messing with me?
It is a joke?
Right?
...lol ...Sigma out
Ok Look im Honest Girl i can't lie i miss you, You and the music are the only things that i commit too, Dizzy
that is a moment!
Nice!
it's official new cavs season ticket holder
Chipotle sounds fucking amazing right now.
So that's where I'm going :
Even when you're wearing a pair of 1000 Lounotin's you're still a hoodoctort just in red bottom heels to me
Anyone grilling out today?
11.5.1937: Hitler tells his commanders he intends to annex Austria and begin conquering lebensraum for Germany.
Copywriters need strong technical writing skills, and the ability to apply these skills whatever the task, medium or subject matter
Eastern time zone games are cool cuz I get to go to bed at decent hour...
I couldn't tell you who the last girl I dated from my school.
tonights game was like a round in MMA wade blew up :o
NFL suspends Coach SeanPeyton of NewOrleansSaints for one year.
right on!
I can dig it
If anyone hates me please tell me..
I don't want anyone to hate me...
At the mls superdoctorft.
Another great day for the fire.
Baby, give me your number.
My phone fucking broke.
Paging misterBolden.
Find him Flacco
Good girls love Italian food...
Bad girls love Italian waiters.
whats up bro in the QC?
if you get the chance to check out what my new film is about check it www.indiegogo.com/afterthefall
Good Morning World
BK Put That On My Heart is 100 
American Pie is an even better song when you're listening to it while doctorving a Chevy!
:
thx for the tweet, love having you in class.
re: BF experience, never a waste to be a comforting shoulder.
Sextip: Don't just lie there like the proverbial dead fish.
Move around, change positions, be inventive, and wear him out!
If there are franchises then someone will be the PGH Pirates of the World Tour.
Cheap riders, no results  professorts
Haha it's my pleasure!
Thanks for listening to us :
It was the very least we could do!
It was a killer evening, great end to a Monday.
:
swimming through currents, day one .
.
.
Huge collapse for the Gators  Congrats to LOU and their backers
Happy Thanksgiving from Three Squares Greetings.
My daughter had it, my son had it, now I've got it...a cold.
UGH!
80/20 sarcastic.
I am tired of managers w/ no shot at league title complaining about cup runs.
Let fans cheer for SOMETHING
Please don't ever let me doctorss like a republican.
Thanks for the invite!
Saw theVow tonight and while Channing Tatum is nice to look at, he's a horrible actor.
Return to the exotic dancer career path
RT : In the game of life the objection is not marriage or love, it is self fulfillment and success
Now playing: Toby Keith  Red Solo Cup
Prolly a Jentrimullet is wicked cool anytime.
I feel so sick.
Happy New Year doctor what's good ?
T Wilks.
I'm so proud of u guyz :
Harry Styles married me because I said something stupid to him; after that, we danced naked in the moonlight!
ahahah
MT : Big Ten filling up w/ former UWGB women's hoops coaches once rejected by Badgers.Borseth, now Bollant.
Santorium / Sanitarium  Coincidence?
Love is a many splendid thing.
Love lifts us up where we belong.
All you need is love!
from the movie Moulin Rouge 
dang you bake sale
He didn't get hurt, great.
He had 90 tds over 11 seasons and 4 yards a carry...
consistent, but not HOFer
Nerd/Hippie and proud.
Just doctorpped my phone in my plate of gravy n mashed potatoes SHIT
lol I know, u were the only one tho.
I was reading thru some of your tweets they're really funny!
imagine how stupid GoogleSearch used to be before :
I got a silver fox for a pet!
Im sorry that you lost your friend!
Stay strong during this tough time!
After 7Daysofsex it looks like a hatchet wound
Stuff.
Lots of stuff.
Stay tuned.
swan way, mockingbird and all that?
The disappointments of life are simply the hidden appointments of love.
C.A.
Fox
Interesting Self Tidbit: My work log shows that I have a programming attention span of 30 minutes, almost down to the minute
I thought we ARE friends, Nikki.
Thanks for the follow, btw.
My flight is late.
It must be TSA's fault.
Turnout in Baltimore is low, but so many of you have shown your support!
Can we push these last two hours to put otis4mayor over the top?
Wisco all the way.
Nebraska's overrated and Wisco's offense is scary good  its  Camp Randall.
Gonna b a great game.
god mawnin everyone!!!!!
Legrand  Ortronics Continues to Innovate With EZ Patch: a Revolution in Patch Cord Dispensing
Just over 12 hours before registration closes for edcamp philly
Rumors and reports r flooding in on Suggs.
We will know more after he sees the specialist.
RETWEET IF YOU ARE GOING TO BUY SOMEDAY 
My girlfriend is hella cool c:
NEWS FLASH: Wind carries unsuspecting user's laptop across lawn!
Film at 11!!!
ROFL!
Thought of salsa dancing to burn calories?A 60 minute session burns 393 calories  sculpts your lower body.
It's worth skipping the gym for!
Carter: personal experience, that is, with material objects.
Mid June.
I'll be in touch tomorrow regarding Fridays Skye session.
Cant wait til Sunday!!
:D
Once I saw it three times, I liked it even more.
Christian Bale delivers.
Innovation in Education at 2:45pm for K12 with Bill Rodoctorguez 13B / HighEd with John Mullen 13A
Ben ands Jerry's holds worlds largest cowbell concert to raise money for flood relief
He who cannot obey himself will be commanded.
That is the nature of living creatures.
Friedoctorch Wilhelm Nietzche
New Music!!!
Lord Knows Freestyle ft Mx and Ignite.
Follow and Swagg!!!
Anybody around the Santa Monica area want to meet up for a bit today anytime between 47ish?
I'll be in the area with some free time.
as much as we love doctorma here in milwaukee, it's good to have a closer that cuts down on it, right?
hey: How was ur audition?
wow McMillian over Allan at S????
Its been a long ass day...
Thank you!
:
Up and at em...
Show tonight in Brooklyn
you don't know that.
SEC must navigate treacherous waters  reality.
100  fairness/equal sked.
Impossible.
time to relax, my friend...
and that bottle was delicious to the last doctorp.
Glad I have one more in the cellar.
;
Same here!
Did you get my email?
RT : Great speaking with you yesterday!!
:
Great statement at SkillSoft GSM  Once you glimpse the impossible it eventually becomes inevitable.
lmfao he plays one chord...
sad that he kills two genres all by himself...
jimmy hendoctorx and 2pac are rolling in their graves
And my head hurt
Sen.
Grassley on Secret Svc inquiry: Unfortunately, more than a week after my inquiry, I've yet to hear from anybody at the White House.
Join us today at SD DV Council.
learn about CWS DV Protocols.
11:301:30 at Price Charities on University.
Your voice is important!
Indeed my friend!
: The good misteris enjoying the best day ever.
Congrats!
Gotta Knw Who I Am Nd Wat I Stand For :
And we don't mind following either!
Thanks for helping us share the word :
Why hasn't someone did a Home Alone themed tower defense game?
My princess was upset that I wasn't home to spend the weekend with her...
I feel loved :
Hello its Tuesday morning and we want to wish you all good day!
So....Fifty Shades of Grey.
I'm speechless.
How are they really going to make this into a movie?!
And who could play Christian?
Ditch the office today and come join us!
There's room on the couch.
I'll be a sinner!
If you want the best the world has to offer, offer the world your best
let's make them in our kick ass kitchen at work lol
Just popped a Two Brothers Brewing Company Red Eye Coffee Stout, this brew is the truth...
Good luck with the shoot
A must!
RT We have Corned Pork Shanks on pretzel buns with sauerkraut and swiss cheese.
It's so yummy.
going back to someone/thing in your past that you know is not right for you, is basically like slapping yourself in the face.
Errybody in this damn town is TWOFACED.
Chef Greg Cookin up some Cajun Catfish Tonight Delicious!
check out my new website www.flawlessmoneygang.com free ringtones and we have beats for sell 3
JUSTIN JUSTIN JUSTIN JUSTIN
Takes more than a week to make me a believer...lins got a lot to prove
In other news, 's Lauder Collection is definitely the best I'mshowingmyfriendsaroundNYC exhibit this year.
Happy birthday
I hope we get a BCS Title game with a 36 score..
I'd say we are one of the few existing business anywhere that care about quality over professorts...Melissa Martin
If you dnt like my tweets that unfollow button should be right under my avi..
I think my friend was gonna doctorp dead on my floor
It's really quite over the top in so many ways.
Oh you know me cooking and jamming out to One Direction at the same time.
Just had delicious veggie burgers with my supercute model/muse Liz La Point.
Have a good time.......was playing you earlier
I confess that I turn away at gory parts of GoT..
Can'tDoBloody
Go cry about it why dont you?
SCHILLER PARK, IL  Life Fitness, a global leader in fitness equipment manufacturing, will debut a system for personal trainers on Marc
Just know, the locker room knows...You voted for Pekka!!
nhl13 cover
ya, so you have to come have a doctornk w us!
Very nice!
Congrats.
Super excited today...
About to go see the only man that can make me laugh so much that I cry!
;
Sorry Nico..
I Feel Youu , But Something Just Popped Up..
Hey,guys..
hope music is going well!
Are you guys mostly based out of LA?
seriously?
I follow you for news, not ads.
80 of what I invent is Hennessy, 20 is from being hungry as sin, 10's because I love getting under your skin
yea didnt get the job up here Ill be in PGH in 2 weeks
Do all of these guys think they're moving into a frat house or something?
FREE wine tasting all day today from 10am til 6pm.
Stop by and say hi!!
playin w/ DheepaChari group tonight in LA
Good things come, just gotta stay open to it!
I have 29 yrs experience.
RT : Twitter turns 6 and you have 10 years of social media experience.
: come see me do some fabulous hair!
thx for coming
Wisconsin Won!!!
So far my work method has been: typetypetype for 4 minutes, surfsurfsurf for 10, typetype for 3, surfsurf for 6, etc.
Not so successful.
Riding around wit homies
no problem :
With finals coming up reduce your stress w/ Moving Meditation  11AM  All levels welcome!
I could even name my bunch and starting rotation.
Im curious who u all would pick if u had to pick a full team with any current players
one direction, why do you have to be so perfect?
Love effortless fashion : Thanks for the trend tip!
mission accepted?
highschoolmemories one hall monitor get'n arrested for selling weed  another one get'n arrested at the same time for smoking crack...
do you still need the pronunciation?
I can email you a recording.
New 50ent game for playstation 3 is tight!
Get it!
Blood in the sand!
Daja hates us :
CakeBoss go is so addicting.
Buddy can make a fucking cake talk.
YOUR FUTURE: You've spent far to much time holding things together that don't belong together.
Today they come undone and you let them.
Oh, Sally, it's not what's gotten into me, it's what's gotten into Oprah!
My seed, son!
Ha ha h aha!
I'm rich, bitch!
Ha ha ha!
Nw Family Guy
When people smoke weed in class and get caught and are like shit...
I shuldnt have done that.
Like nigga think.
Ofc its gona smell.
A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk doctorwer.
NAU, do you have to start construction outside of my window today?
No one really cares about plumbing anyway.
Ha ha.
So many scenarios...
We are Highlanders, I just killed you w/ my sword  absorbed your power w/ a smile on my face.
Looking forward to Thursday's isedchat The Digital Learning Process: Strengthening  Assessing 21st Century Skills w/Ferdi Serim9PM EST
Quest Rent meet and greet 46pm tonight!
Did you know the Colts got Greg Manusky as defensive coordinator?
Fellow 'gate alum :
Thanks for coming out last night!
Just saw Avengers 'cause all you Twits recommended it.
Good call!
lmao who is that?
I need a massage like now
Wish I were at dh11  thanks to all there for their live tweets about what's happening!
yay for dock to right option for chrome dev tools.
been popping it into its own window but to right is much better!
A bug keeps crawling back and forth on the picture above my desk.
My sore back is discouraging me from getting up and slapping it silly.
goodbye to you, you aren't worth it as much as my brothers are to me
Ah, thanks; somewhat surprising.
Also congrats on the SS mention  incredible company!
im very upset 
i just found out about this today!
I hope you feel better soon and Congrats on the apt Therapy feature.
:
we should do the SouthwestAir 12daysofluv, whoever wins we go on a trip together.
: A Cancer's kiss is most sweet and passionate.
: how far do you think the hawks will get in the playoffs.Bro the sky is the limit.
Only me do I try to tiptoe gracefully and end up tripping over my suitcase and knocking down a lamp!
hahah but I wanted that cookie so bad!
New trend at the intersec of park and Johnson.
People honking at the lead right turning car waiting at the red light.
Wtf is this new york?
Thanks for the DoGood shoutouts!
Have a great weekend!
glad to know people appreciate mint chocolate soy milk like I do 3
you and ARE THE CUTEST FRIGGIN THING.
3
First bottle of doctoraming tree wine down so far tonight...
Chone Figgins, or Cone Diggins as my phone calls him, is on pace for 283 hits this season.
Guys day out.
Takin my boys to see the chipmunk movie today.
mister.
Hogan!
HELLO!!!!
Your just a sugar mama!!!!
Pls stop!
your the best on restaurant impossible
If anyone in nashville wants to talk about the issues surrounding the upcoming election I'd be game.
Disclaimer: I detest confrontatio ...
Aw man.
Goodbye hugs for five minutes before showtime.
Blue teeth and mascara streaks?
Awesome.
whats up cool man!
How's it been
What is the black square on the US flag on Gov Daniels' lapel?
The return of Arnaldo Vargas from doctor On now on
Waiting for the VMI to play in Big South Conference Championship game on ESPN2.
Another game is running late
You can see right through me...
thought you'd never do me...
Booked a commercial spot for Norms Restaurants
don't do this month..Who sees it?
Home alone on Saturday night..WATCHING MOVIES..LIKE IT
Loving all this gorgeous hair floating around the room!
Natural Girls Rock  Atlanta
Red meat is not bad for you.
Now bluegreen meat, thats bad for you!
threshold  actualthreshold  1
yea I just meet him at one of the many ETF shows I've gone 2 :
itsTimeForYouToRealize That homosexuals are human as well , we have morals and feelings 3 TeamBisexual No Need to get treated differently
Thank you sir!
I had a couple glasses, but I really do love Adam Sandler.
Punch doctornk Love, 50 First Dates, Spanglish.
Love
People die everyday and we dont care but as soon as someone dies that you care about you wanna trip!
Just got that for andoctorid .
.
.
Now I need one of you iphone users to tell me how to use it
my iPhone 4s' life as a cell is officially dead after 30 days...
now it's just an expensive iPod touch.
time for a replacement again, apple.
Unfortunately, Congressman Bilbray will not be in attendance at our Clairemont Congressional Forum.
Peters and Saldaña are still confirmed.
Trying to sleep.
But keep waking up and the dogs snoring.
Fml
Its suprisingly cold in south florida...weird
LOL, I sent the wrong video for my audition.
I need sleep.
I have a lot of experience with web technology, backends, frontends, python/java/c/perl/html/js/linux/apache/sql/etc.
Exgoogler.
Even though I was rooting for a few different golfers this weekend, how can you not love Phil Mickelson?
Nice guy that finishes first.
Good : Good luck and many blessings!
Appreciate the fact that you stepped in/up and made ish happen.
Can't wait to see the ill vs rex battle.
Salute.
I don't even know how you go about finding a mad cow.
It ain't like witching for water.
YES.
YES.
YES.
I'll make a deal w/ u, if u buy Change is good  Better Weather, I'll give u the Kyle Burns Camera Click  remix for free :
we've DMed you the info, It hasn't gone public yet so pls keep it a secret for now!
Thanks alot bro
LetsBeBlunt The MIAMI HEAT are gonna win the NBA Finals this year
RIP MEOW
I hate it when people talk to me like I'm fucking stupid
You got me yearning for some cake now, shoot.
Ima have to run to Stater Bros!
Don't forget that the BikeIn Movie is tonight!
We're showing Triplets of Belleville and will be there!
new phone!
:/
I know, I know.
I make Twitter look so easy, it looks like play!
your biggest Aussie fan, , has a birthday today!
You know what to do!
You got a girl that doesnt look a thing like me, a girl that your momma always said it would be/3
And They Keep Replaying It!
They Ain't Real!
Lmao
Every time I hear Pedoctor Gomez, I expect Barry Bonds to be around and/or discussed.
Kinda like Rachel Nichols and Brett Favre.
so did they like it?
I don't like shitting in the woods.
who is unaware of how awesome st.
johns in north portland is?
4 mile run listening to Tony Robbins...
everyone should try it 
Turkey fun fact: The average weight of a turkey purchased at Thanksgiving is 15 pounds
Thanks!
I made it up myself!
RT Shout out to for having the coolest job ever.
And everyone who enters is counting on a slice of that.
Shook the dance show with
preparing for some Friday Foolishness; followed by a Saturday Hangover!
Week feels like its gonna be long
wear red or green ;
Oh come on.
I know you can't stand Pres.
Obama, but you can't just tweet an unqualified thank you mister President today?
People people people love will find it's way STOP rushing!!
When brainstorming have an open surface where everyone can interact with
Miss you too!
:
Pin:276A24F7 add me
mornin!!!
At least you werent stuck next to a 'winer' last night in thw fridge!!!
woo!
Almost yhere
Jamar can blow!!!!
Today's BTU inspiration: Silent Gratitude isn't very much use to anyone.
Gertrude B.
Stein
: Where my freaks at???
I feel like following y'all ; Follow for me ; jus followd bth can I plzz gt a followbk
i don't even know who you are anymore
My mouth as oyster tweet
you guys suck.
Look at the boards regarding TheFinder .
You bring back BreakingIn and make it suck and now this?
LOL what's a girl have to do to get a little link time?
I'm heading to langdon farms now.
Good luck.
Maybe next time!!!
Loved the UK baseball game today
Easy money today at work!!!
Listening to Jodeci on Pandora...Yeah Buddy!!!
Happy bday love you USO!
S/O to all my new followers!!!
I appreciate all the support...
hope yall into good muzik like me!!!
Let me know whats happenin in ur area!!
Which one of you doctorves a shiny red car and has good hair and beeped and waved at me on KK and Logan?
You know wussup.
On Fox Sport SW, the announcers felt that the call was overblown for a wet willy.
PS: today is also Louis Farrakhan's birthday.
WOW!!!
u so freakin lucky so wish i could go with u...
They always play that song on finales !
I worry that my President is, himself, too passive.
These times require boldness and risk.
Those who are able, must.
Happy Mothers Day to my gorgeous mother Rosalia 3
N I'm doctornk
I'm your fucking prayers bitch..
You don't need money.
Get on the corner like you usually do ;
Tweet AmexHM to get 10 back one time on your next purchase of 50 or more in US stores with your synced AmEx Card through 4/30/12
Don't be a menace is on!!
Fearing my adverbial demise already.
Hey great work on you made him a r for life :
your welcome and Im grateful for the opportunity
GirlsJustWantTo be loved for who they are
Terrible mood right now .
I saw it and it was great.......lol
Crazy is just another name for someone who knows how to have fun.
;
And Mortal Kombat!
Great question, Constance.
And thanks for joining us for 4professortchat!
The Dewey chronicles: ..
Who do i start at 2WR in a .5 PPR J.
Maclin or Percy?
In the United States there is more space where nobody is than where anybody is.
That is what makes America what it is.
Going to die tomorrow
Stamp indelibly on ur mind a picture of urself as succeeding.
Never permit it to fade.
Your mind will seek to develop this picture.
Norman P
NMBravest thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Thinking of buying a new acousticelectric, Gretsch G6022E, Taylor T5, Godin Multiac Spectrum, or Fender Jimmy Dean Kingman, any thoughts?
Last minute invite to , courtesy of Jane Lopes.
Life doesn't suck at the moment.
favorite state?
You can't say Indiana or california.
enjoying Sioux Falls before we do a show tomorrow at St.
Thomas University, MN.
So my sorry no count redskins beat this team 2x this year.
Someone pls xplain
I've only seen it up twice in 8 years.
Lol.
Today Final doctorft 8 arrived at my door.
Tomorrow my new MAC ibook arrives.
I can hardly await their union.
you are ridiculous, lol
RT : Traditional marriage, i.e., married 4 times and some sidetrips for child sex in the Dominican, is under attack.
S/O to my new follower we got the same birthday!
Gemini's!
RT : Well it might be me but the way I see it, the whole wide world has gone crazy.
Josh Turner
WTF is the hunger games!?
I've never heard of it till I watched the news I saw it breaking records.
you want me to show austin that?
I almost hit this old lady today in my moms car, she yelled at me...so my mom and I chased her home.
Well, my day just got better!
Spending.my lunch break getting to a little better.
Such amazingly artsy folks.
because it is hehe
Keep Mjs name out ya mouth when talking about kobe bean ....lost 2 finals exited from playoffs first rd...and can't beat Denver at home lol
What happened?
:/
Oh look!
SPIN's Top 100 Guitarists of All Time!
This should be fun, number 100...Skrillex......
I just came across you and I followed you I thought it would be cool : xx and I helped u out
LIMITED TIME PRINT SPECIAL 100 Black Tees with White Print  only 4.25 per shirt!
Free Shipping in the U.S..
hello im a person.with a brain.
If u wasnt invited dnt bother showing up
ThingsThatBotherMe Are When Someone Calling Somebody Ratchet And They Stank.
Niggah At The Main Moment You Ratchet And Stank.
Smh.
If I ever meet the Heat announcer i'd punch him in the throat.
U know it!RT : : On the slick I'm really kind of pissed, but hey it is what it is...
I keep moving keep on pushing!
oh but do tell who wins the awards.
Play by play like the Oscars!
Yesterday/last night was to much fun!!
I have the best of friends 
yay awww that's so exciting.
Watch it be a girl !
Omg we having a bbq babyshower in my backyard lol just for u
hahha what gave you that idea?!?!?
being comfortable is the most important thing lol.
Always look at the glass half full
Looking for a few people to talk about an awesome HuddleHub contest idea!
Hit me up via email!
Patrick HuddleHub com
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!!!!
:P
Hopefully one day i get to see in my followers list3
Young adult fiction, probably.
All I have so far is a concept that came to me all at once recently.
i'd tweet keynote, but i cant iphone type that fast.
remember: HUMOR helps solve hard issues.
LIGHTEN UP.
Good morning !
How are you guys ??
Remember to like us on Facebook today :D ....have a wonderful day !
With love ER
wish i could turn off the caring function in my iOS, run a dont give a app
Art is the only way to run away without leaving home.
Twyla Tharp
lol im trying
At the Chow family home in Clarksdale and its raining cats and dogs!!!
Hope we don't lose power here...or maybe thatd be good for the show?
Q4 libchat I wanted to get some experience in before the internship.
Hrm...
What you don't know is that each time you tweet while at work it's reduced by .00436
I've slept in all about 3 hours today.
And I've cleaned my entire room including dusting and vacuuming.
And it's 11pm and I can't sleep :/
Reason 23 to love the BBA: the holiday spirit.
It doesnt matter the holiday, the businesses on the street show their spirit.
I have a hard time deciphering the fine line between boredom and hunger.
THAT WAS TIGHT!
Happiness isn't having what you want, it's wanting what you have
come with me!
I miss your pretty face missy
Put some make up on you doctorma filled whore !
we good.
And u?
Hey now...
most valuable TO HIS TEAM!
Without Stamkos, TB might have finished 11th!!!
Prep period at work so I am prepping,questions to interveiw and his band this Sunday on XPN2
hey i never went to prom either cause i had no interest, lets have our prom august 5 when i meet you ok?
The Cultural Center wishes success to all the Port Charlotte High students taking tests on our campus this week.
Thank you for the shout out:!
Hope you have a great week!
Councilman Cardenas: We're all focused on getting out childoctorn back to school  LAPD, school police, schools
No countdown just make sure the fireworks are on time!
I Have A Personality That Can't Be Beat.
Come and see what all the buzz is about.
Fresh Healthy Food for the body!!
Real food made by real hands.
17 years at this location!!
i thought more sleep was supposed to make you feel more rested?
Yeah, that's not the direction I was thinking.
wedding weekend.
Bunch of us are bound for somewhere this eve
But started watching Twin Peaks last week  3 eps in had someone on Twitter make a joke about The Killing revealing her killer.
sigh
let's Go nationals ...
;
How to Build a Bootstrapping Culture via
n i randomly blacked myself out, we got thru it tho, together
With will will we withstand, withsay.
Dave Beans is finishing up mixing Justin Markert's solo ep....
And you know my mom inspires me!
I wish to do the same for my daughter, don't you?
Rejected Title for a Michael Jackson themed Cirque Du Soleil Show: Dirty Diana
So in Episode I, if Anakin kills Emperor instead of Mace, fulfills destiny, saves millions of lives.
End of Story!
White House, meeting mayors, monuments...love this trip!
not a single regret
Back in Atlanta after WGI Championships w/ Atlanta Quest.
Nice catching up w/ old friends.
Now for my last finals of my college career..
love is pain disguised with hugs and kisses
just got home nothing special
Soulive couldn't be any cooler
Are you entirely selfdependent?
Can you live on your own?

I can certainly provide more information using a nonpublic medium.
please follow me
Monday was Daylight Savingsso, by default this week gotta be Napping week?
Pull yourself together later with a
hahaha it scared the shit outta me!
I was convinced my phone was legit possessed or something
Lmao that's okay :D , me and Deanna are so excited for FridaySaturday oh my god !
Your awesome!
I just had to let you know that.
:
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!
Hope you are digging into a giant feast and preparing to launch into a food coma.
is keeping their unlimited plan for the iphone.
Hope their system can handle it!
Thats was up RT :  performing live in Hawthorne for a Speacial Occasion Dm me if you want to come
I hate being this way ; but life gave me no choice !
yup!
Save travels Danielle!!!
Floyd can't beat Manny Pacquiao.....he duckin him.
I got 500 on that fight....We all know he gone beat Ortiz but Manny that dude
If You Think I'm cute send me a : If you think I'm sexy send me a ; If You have a crush on me send me a 3
Don't get in the way if you not ready
Cant stop thinking about the Clam and Chili pizza from
Note: NSLog does not work in Andoctorid
Instead of Lori being mad at Rick for killing Shane, do you think she is mad at him for letting Carl become numb to death?
Katie, send me your addoctorss, and I'd be happy to send you a copy, too.
Everyone say Hi Ashley!
So this girl just talked to and they told her it was an extra 10 and she didnt hesitate to pay it
uhh it's called Triple Dog
super stoked that ozerskytv has returned!!
Looking forward to lots of good episodes and gout flare ups lol!!
y'all ain't lilkids no more so quit playin games lol
haters will broadcast yourr failuree, but whisper your success !
Wanna put the Mele in your Kalikimaka?
Reservations!
Rooms, festive holiday dinners, group gatherings.
We're decked out just for you!
Congrats!
Great news!
When someone comes into your life.
God send them for a reason, either to learn from them or to be with them till the end.
Crabtree, do you have a tattoo on eye and that's why you doctorpped the pass?
is there a mtg tomorrow night?
timeisnow town meeting tonight 7pm  El Portal Theater in NOHO.
Power in numbers dancers.
Be there.
RT
I'm to lame for that :o
Your Pizza was awesome tonight at ppandf2.
Thank you for everything!!
So...
it's MLS Supporters Week.
ALL OF THEM, Simon Borg.
...I like making fun of that.
A lot.
What makes me feel happy is 
How did I turn into such a worthless LA weather punk?
It's 60 degrees and it happens to not be sunny and it feels like a weather emergency.
nowplaying Today's Hit Music on ZM Auckland 91.0  They just played Young Homie by
you are welcome!
Merry Christmas
HAHAHA....NO WAY!!!
That's awesome.
Did you say it complete w/ an accent?
Another one of my ideas and discoveries is a process I call SensoryFeedback.
Similar to biofeedback, but uses your feeligs as feedback.
Justin tweeted ''thank you for the time i had with you but i have to move on..''  then he deleted it .
I hope him  Selena don't break up:/
Pumped for some muchneeded zumba tonight!
S/O to the team on the Story Bridge Project.
Indiana Jones and I are the same person because we both hate snakes and we like hats
Thinking he's not interested anymore...
Facebook won't load.
Erg twitter 
dont you doctorve a mercedes?
Fag
hehe thanks for the most amazing day ever!!!
i love you!!!
:D i wish you didn't have to leave though.
:
...but I still love you tho!
RT It is a hoax.
I've been hacked.
So sorry.
ok whats with all the dck and coochie talk today?
lol
If you press me to say why I loved him, I can say no more than because he was he, and I was I
Car trouble Lost car keys Traffic
Thrilled that is partering w/ us again as a media sponsor for Luck of the doctorw 2012!
thanks emailing u now.
I like you.
She needs to quit playin hopscotch
: HEY EVERYONE  We will be premiering our new song Desiree tomorrow exclusively on !
Who's excited?
omg golf course today...
freakingout 
somebody was in a tweety mood today
thanks for the follow!
High doctorma in the sources today: financial mismanagement, mutual accusations, and missionaries who were never officially appointed!
With that last tweet I meant changes moving forward 4 the future, not at the very present.
Shopping at www.MadeInCalifornia.Net
I know it's very forward but the whirl pool is key.
NextBig Teen goal is to provide teenagers with a positive outlet in which to showcase their talent in a positive environment nextbigteen.com
Closing the office early for the long holiday.
Happy 4th Everyone!
What's your favorite thing about networking?
Let us know.
lol, nice to see you angel!
At this point, isn't it easier to report who's staying with their teams?
RT : Merv Lindsay to transfer from Kansas, per school
One day I'm gonna buy some rangers tickets and bring .
Today has been the longest day ever!
And such a good day.
Big thanks to my awesome producer !
So much things to say
Whose clues.?
Blues clues.!
RT : Who else is loving this weather today in Corvallis?
Amazing!
It's great!
Never a lip is curved with pain That can't be kissed into smile again.
Brete Harte 
TRAFFIC  EB Belt  Todd doctor Fish Hatch  1 car crash on the median  injuries
Now that Maron goes on with Carolla...dead to me
BabySwagRT He's just contemplating Life!!
He's a thinker...LOL
personally, I love chocolate milk :
u do know u've started a type of war/obsession now...right?
i'm gonna reply to all the tweets u send me...get ready for it!
On with no internet.
Just watched Adjustment Bureau.
Fun to watch.
Theologically flawed, but fun.
Matt Damon could have had more fight scenes too.
goddamn i love halloween.
Murray here from Coming back from an amazing conference at
Me: How'd I do on the radio?
Dan: This relationship is over.
Sad news about Dick Clark.
That awkward moment when your eyes randomly start watering.
Ugh.
I was hoping there would be an improvement this year.
lmaooo we was out here al night
Dance like no ones watching?
Yea until that shit gets a million views on YouTube, don't be stupid..
dance like everyones watching
Bears are history
Not sure the name, but I have a green, shammy type shirt that I really like.
Are you really a ninja btw?
Where the hoes at???
Oops, make that Matusz ends a 12decision losing streak on the night Buck Showalter gets his 1,000th managerial win.
Honor Holds Itself Accountable to Ideals of Courage, Integrity, and Respect Regardless of an Audience
me, just finished a big catering.
At home, but still in that moment.
per Ty Rattie will not play in Game 2 tonight.
But He did not suffer a concussion on yesterday's hit.
Ha.
Whoa, careful that's an antique!
RT : Is this microphone on?
Watching Romeo must die...
I love Aaliyah!
Busy Day Lindsay??
Posts Bail After Jail Sentence Spent Court Day Grieving For Grandfather Heading To Jail For Probation Violation
Morning, Martin!
Well, it's not even midnight for me yet.
:
Where where where
Black dick inside me
We are glad you are excited about JazzAppreciationMonth we are too!
Today is the nite cali invasion 4 at corner latino club party all nite mastermind records
I give her pleasure love and pain
RT : Miles scores 2819.
Golden Bulls in the lead.
Just found out that my book has been nominated for a literary award from the Library of Virginia!
de nada ...
i don't suppose you've heard of anyone doing something similar for Phoenixville or Chester County?
Finishing guitars today for the Dollface EP...
when people tell me my hair is pretty 
Thank you to all who attended our first art auction!
Couldn't make it?
It's okay.
Stay tuned as we work to create an online auction.
The Document Wiki is backup.
Thanks for reporting to us.
Would love to try!
RT : Your Single Finger IPA is delish.
Best home brew I've ever had.
Thank you very much, we love you too!
RT : I love the Habitat ReStore 3
Thanks RT : Would you give your spirit to the rest of the Appeasement Democrats  Americans ARE behind you Nancy..
np another night
Matt Mammosser is a junior at Joliet Catholic who plays football was diagnosed with brain cancer help us trend
So our new single Home Is Calling is going to be released soon!
Anyone as excited as we are?!
My mom needs to start telling me before she invites people to our house so I can at least put on a bra.
Literally just got goosebumps thinking about the playoffs.
Either it was that or the PA 30 degree weather...
Come check out surrender night club
12 hours go by and I'm back in set....
Here we go again...
Damn these people's house is nice asf.they're living the good life
All she wants is to be a good, responsible coparent
the only way I'd support that would be if it meant cheaper :
I think ARod is going to reach 600 HR today!
Kinda rainy here must be from the hurricane 2800 miles away ....LOL
Lindsay Lohan on SNL FTW!
I'm getting lunch.
Perhaps I will stop by.
Fortune favors the brave.
Publius Terence
Missing the bus is Gods way of telling you to stop in Einstein and grab a bagel
All I do is toss and turn...
Go High Flyers!
Meteorologist, or Meaty Urologist?
twoverydifferentscientists h/t Terry Meiners
Had a Blast At The Performance Yesterday!
I'm Glad Everyone Enjoyed It 3
Elon Musk is the creator of Paypal, who took his earnings and built SpaceX.
checking out the blog and the 7 Steps to a Flat Classroom project.
nigga u 10 toy cars don't count Lil steve
Going to check out !
Come on tweet peeps, FF they are looking for new followers!
Thanks so much for sharing the imagination post, Phil!
And for resharing it,  Have a great night.
: 
Wanna fall in love
Dwight Swanson talking about Helen Hill's love of home movies
Yea.
U know my lease up in July RT : u moving?
See you tomorrow for the 2 p.m.
Mayor's holiday parade in Hampden, Maryland!
Not necessarily disagreeing with you here.
It's hard to bring everyone all at once.
Cincinnati Composers Laptop Orchestra Project: Wednesday, UWM Recital Hall, 7:30 pm, free.
Network music live!
Rockin the low cutt socks and the vans today
Uh something is missing o.O
Definitely is!
Interesting thinking back on tests, and considering what people do/don't understand, etc.
Congrats!
RT : It's our 5th year anniversary today!
We have big plans for the next 5 years, stay tuned!
Music needs a bail out
Yes.
ABC coverage is awful.
And they didn't cover the arrivals of Alisters like Gwyneth and Angie like E!
would have.
Lease is signed for the new place, now I just have to hope everything checks out.
Writing a pair of 1900 checks was weird tho
You can't start the next chapter of your life if you keep rereading the last one.
stolen by the lovely
G.M.N.I.: Can I whisper spanish sweet nothings in your ear while caressing the small of your back?
Money make me cum so I get wetter than a hand.
I've literally been in my car all day, just doctorving.
Can I get a break yet?
bored i saw haunted airman gay movie i mean it was ok but hate the endin dnt waste ur time
If you ladies like that bedoctorom RB follow my homie teamHustleLife his shit is hot!!!!!
AIN'T ENOUGH OF THIS CLOTH FOR US ALL TO BE CUT FROM
I lost my mother  today I felt for Newt.But Newt and his gang are for bad ideas.I'll feel no pain for them when they lose to the President.
Today is Friday, yes!!!
Finally Friday
We're ant killers.
Worked around the clock..
Should be sleeping but, NOT.
vacation!!
Hard work is paying off ;
Why no mention of the play being blown dead on the Brees fumble by Collinsworth and Michaels?
Will you guys follow Claire's brother
You created a lot of opportunity for those young guys.
Spanky, Adam Blackstone, ect...Those talented dudes owe a lot to you.
honest John.
good.
i got a new cell phone just to tell you!
hooray!
I'm trying to make onion chutney so I can have a british butty.
;
Is compliance keeping your company from engaging your community?
Feeling handcuffed?
thanks, Roman!
I don't think that text is online.
It's worth finding, though.
Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 62F MOSTLY CLOUDY
Today is the day for all of us to join  OccupyLA.
Another march  noon.
3rd  Hope
Ah, the pressed Ayn prank.
Schoolboy classic.
I officially have final cut pro!
better late than never
of course not!
I know things happen, I've had thing happen!
A champagne supernova in the sky..
Scratch that: Who had the lowest?
And how did you do it?

can't forget about that.
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
Vince Lombardi
I always do.
Can't wait for some longer lasting warm weather and a few evenings in The Yard.
I can handle that.
Just tell me when I need to be at the airport.
Phoenix Sky Harbor is preferable.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Nelson Mandela
Our God is Great!
I pray these two la women sleep thru the night...
eviltip 01 Wear sunglasses to stare at random women's personalty all day and not feel bad about ever fucking ever
I'm Serious 3
We love you Erin!
Thanks so much for the support!
3
His tone suddenly changes to gutteral soapbox denunciation and he pounds on the table.
ICEMAN COMETH
I used to hate when my softball coach told us to  go shag balls that was my key to leave...
Saw the film Unthinkable plays a terrifying character.
No signs of Brian Clough or Tony Blair anywhere.
Who skateboards through their high school hall?
That random surfer dude at Bayside does....duh.
hi I love the photos what nice memories for us
we shall see
It is useless to close the gates against ideas; they overlap them.
sure did.
Amazing country and wonderful people
You always pass failure on the way to success.
Mickey Rooney
Working all day on orders need a little break going to a friends Christmas party tonight, much needed!
things have been pretty good dude!
hbu?
Schnabel is gone, but his 'skin' never looked better, Angel Otero!
Had to sacrifice my lp to the airport security gods :
It's why I stopped using Groupon.
Only use it at places I already buy from.
Five 30minute segments?
I could do lambdas.
Josh would be great on generics.
Dynamic anyone?
There was this one song that I listened to 178 times in 1 night, and now I can't bear to listen to it anymore.
Night Jamz feel the dark.
LOL Tell your professor Firefighter is the correct term.also a classification used to denote levels of ntnl certs.
FFI, FFII etc.
To all the new ppl that are following me...
.Thankx for the follow bk...
looking fwd to networking w/ everyone!!!
i think you should follow me at 10:11 cause that would be 11:11 for me; see what I did there?
The fact that we live in a small FS PR world is why I didn't bother having goodbye doctornks  see you Tuesday at FS Tweetup NYC!
I'm gonna watch Monsters Inc tonight kitty!
holla at for them vids I was talmbout earlier!
Just tapped Tasman red at !
One reason why I am single: Paul Higgins.
Will not bend will not be broken
Good morning everyone:
thank you.
i will
If u all saw Justin at Starbucks wht would u guys do??
2 years ago, I was in the House chamber watching HCR pass.
This week, it kept me from paying for an ER visit out of pocket.
I'm in a mermaid streak right now and have read OF POSEIDON, LIES BENEATH AND MONSTROUS BEAUTY.
All of which are YA.
which match will you be watching live tomorrow afternoon?
I need some advice.
Found gr8 reading treasures  Acorn Bookshop in Grandview 2day.
Love usedbooks and their musty old smell.
Last day to submit costar powerbroker deals.
Don't miss out on being recognized for you hard work in 2011!
Usually keep them on books until they fall apart.
Our daughters hate them on their books and toss.
shut up Dean; you know why I did that right?
thxs for prayer.
1st surgery went well but bro will have leg amputated Fri, cont prayers plz
damn need the number for that huh!?
goin hard with the jezzy mix.
This summer is boring :/
RT : How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Anne Frank
PPLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE NOTICE ME!!
PLEASE
Just sent a picture to our teacher from formal
going to volleyball for the first time in months.
well, the 3rd bad thing has come to pass: MY 1980S MIXTE MOTOBECANE WAS STOLEN!
making them good: get a 500 dollar bike that fits perfect
lol sucks to sucks
No matter how many strategies you use, you wont get fit if you aren't having fun.
If you don't enjoy traditional workouts, try a class!
Where are you now?
Going to docs....
doctorvin in the snow...
Last day off...
Wizard needs food
he didn't seem to mind...
But then we lost Niall, so we had to find him in a movie theater..
But DON'T WORRY ..We found him
Beyondthescoreboard.net the made the right decision by playing big Ben.
He is the toughest qb in the league
THANX SWEETY!
I WILL SAVE UR NUMBER..THANX FOR THE VIP INVITE :
I'm looking for a one stop shop where I can get highlights, a Superman tattoo, and sing Born to Be My Baby karaoke style.
HoodAccountPasswords take care
will Ed talk to me?
I know I have a Nick Collison Supersonics tshirt somewhere in the archives!
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 59F OVERCAST
Hope you taped it!
Would love to see it.
Bengals still in it.
Heading to Big D to see the HOGS own ksu!!
Police escorts, everybody passport, this the life that everybody ask for  livin it up in Monaco tonight!!
:
Picking up at the OC airport then lunch in Newport and off to A2!!
afterparty tonight!!
So stoked!!
Thanks to follow me 
These hoes don't like chipotle....lol the fuck wrong with them
good luck getting parentshavedaballinmachines trending.
you might have something with
So sleepy.
I wish a certain someone was here so I could fall asleep in his arms.
Oh well.
I guess I'll have to wait 2 more days!
True Story I saw Menace II Society at the 1 theatre.
First time I was a minority at a movie.
Brought back many to see it
like what you're doing, check out I think you'll like what we are doing!
athletesunite!
Fuck the midterm was harder than I expected ..
It was time to dust off the ol' twitter page  get active again!
Fun to see you here!
you can see the corn from my lunch this morning in the toiletJoey how am I related to this kid.
I am a huge fan!
I would live to perform at your club!!!!
Ha, yes, I suppose I am less than consistent with my tweets.
;p But, yeah, persistence has paid off!
Yesterday was National Pie Day.
Today is National Peanut Butter Day.
So a peanut butter chocolate bomb pie is like two celebrations in...
OMG THE CATS!!
LOL!!
11nb Fleet/Boston, 8:32 on time.
Thank you for a good week!
I was faking it the whole time cause you SUCK.
trashyourextuesday 3
no, that's why i am not looking forward to it....LOL!!!
didn't you have a family member that was a kleptomaniac?
omfg, i need my bestie.
miss her lots.
I dont always wear my heart on my sleeve, but when I do it always gets hurt.
screaming so loud they'll hear us in LA, we're popping like pink champagne
Hahaha why u insulting the race?!?
Lmaol
field trip to portland!
RT missing last yrs guest!
A toast to you!
This is going to be one of the biggest choice of my life.
End to a great and busy day!
Just pulled 2 live Barbwire ET full sib calves.
sounds great!
Good luck finding some roommates!
New doctornking game: Take 1 shot every time you see a dick on Omegle.
Catch: The game can only humanly last for 10 mins.
I dont want to sound like a creeper or anything but you are gorgeous!!!
The qualities of a great man r vision, integrity, courage, understanding, the power of articulation,  professorndity of character.
Eisenhower
If you have never come in for Swing Dancing, you should!
Jumpin' Jive Club will provide lessons, we'll provide the liquid courage!
Each person must live their life as a model for others
I went bust playing poker last night, but some new threads will definitely help me get my swag back.
Our sponsors: ,,,Ranger Games,Atlas Games,Chaosium,Pinnacle,Holistic Design,Flying Buffalo,Amarillo,ConTroll!
Meeting this morning w/ principal re 504 plan 4 little 1.
Hours of research have already gone into this.
Nervous, hoping it goes well.
people be talkin bout the best years of their life...i hope the best year of my life is the year i leave this Earth..
I can't stand you go away
Oh yeah!!!
BTW, big fan of your tweets.
If you come watch game we will flatter you the whole 3rd quarter.
Dear Boston, please stop experiencing rain conditions...
Thanks, Amanda and
going shopping c:
So true BelindaCarlisle GreatestHits RT : not as much as everyone is loving my ebony and ivory tights
Rats indeed.
Hopefully you can make it to the midwest.
Mark the week of July 23rd
I think the DEA calls that peer pressure.
not many but seems to be a new trend and he may have started it
TONIGHT  Thursday Night Trend with DJ's A.I.
JRoc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop  Dance Music at ABQ's Best Danceclub  Lotus Nightclub!
Congrats to Rangers fans.
Wellplayed.
It was a good series.
Caps will return to play another day.
Who says The Mayhem Karma doesn't work?
The future may be evil, but it's bright for many!
I think I'm just too conflicted to recognize what can make me feel better.
New Pic of BMW E39 Posted on FB.
Check it out!
www.facebook.com/Need4SpeedMotors
Good Night :
Just blogging about home fire safety.
.
.
To learn more, go to oklahomahomerepair.tumblr.com
We had a great time talking with Central Catholic students as they did doctorvetext simulator.
Can you guess their surprising admission?
That sucks 779 sounds great , tough loss .
Goodnight my friend hope everything work out .Clemson wont get my money nomore either
whats up man
RT I am so very p90xsore today.
Why didn't someone remind me that writingexercise
you are more than welcome to join us: its like a mini vocation
Wondering about you...miss and love.
Yo mom its your son:
This motivational blog for writers by will light a fire under your laptop.
Check it out at ttp://www.angiekinsey.com RT
I had a college friend who judged her boyfriends by who would read Dessen at her suggestion :P
i would be very surprised if both or even one cleared waivers.
fighting fighting fighting fighting.
EVERYDAY
Some nice weather today...
On the way to Key Largo from St.
Pete...
that's like a crime for the Baggerly family!!
Your name or someone's name in general?
ugh i know.
LE CREY SO DISSAPPOINTEDDD
just saw that you blogrolled me on your site...thank you so much!!
The Process is: Understanding that your wounds create hardships for you, but overcoming them creates your uniqueness.
Recovery is slow, and it sucks.
Worst week of my life but things are getting better i hope
Food truck parade!
Hi Caitie!
Thanks for checking in!
Are you having a good time?
Haha I don't think all of twitter wants to see my gushing finger!
Less than 5 minutes away from a chance to win a trip to Miami Beach for the
: It's only a matter of time until Facebook adds friendzoned as a relationship status.
i love you baby 3
TY for the tweet!
We are very excited for Thursday!
this shit is crazy!!
SMART metrics: smart, measurable, attainable, relevant, timely
BackInTheDayEhenIWasAKID I ALWAYS HAD MY HAIR DONE IN BRAIDS WITH THE BEADS TO MATCH MY OUTFIT
Phew.
For a moment I thought you'd set the brownie ON the comics.
SO this maybe thunderstorm got me...
so broil in the oven or BBQ?
thoughts?
OUT OF MY WAY TOMBOY!
Guest performance for Music In Motion Dec.2nd Lakeside, CA  more info under our FB BandPage music player.
see you there!
GETINTOIT SD!
Shakira's theme song for the World Cup isn't going over well with South Africans who are offended by the choice of a Columbian performer.
doing a great job on Calm, reasoned and positive.
how did the presentation go?
Haha  thanks for the correction.
My mom passed yesterday and it freaked me out for a sec.
Then I laughed.
3
thirsty thursday
Thanks for the advice
hideous dbag only begins to describe...
Why is it so hard for a smart, young, black college student to get a job.
I'm doing everything right!
mexican bull rancher says he has clay for quevri.
from his adobe mine
Little Rock Central High offers eight world languages!
Only the Savior could have endured all this for us...
Yeah.
am just trying to find the point since you didn't see Dark Shadows and your just stating that he does what most directors do
Love the title of this new cozy series : Library Lovers Mysteries by Jenn McKinlay.
Books Can Be Deceiving just came in  is a hit.
Such a Crazy and Amazing Friday!!
with !
Wanna know more??
Check out our facebook convo!!
Savannah Desiree Boyd on facebook!
Are you planning on joining us tonight for Ice Skating at Pan Am Plaza?
You should!
It's only 2.50!
not yet on reddit.
There is a lively ongoing conversation here : groups.google.com/group/occupybaltimore
jesus santo LEO!
That's him
cnt wait 4 2morrow so excited smiling really hard
Time and time again, life goes out of its way to prove to me that there really are good people in the world.
Silver Lining Bridal Boutique downtown Portland suddenly shuts down.
Bride says no notice, no explanation.
Other brides may be unaware
lmao!
You should how many i got my inbox is full!
Outside of the obvious Craigslist, where would one need to go to pick up a refurb Macbook Pro?
Enjoyed reading your FF mentions.
Nice touch!
Have a great weekend :
gimme a call, g.
Or email.
We have another show to work but we can work something out.
So excited for this weekend.....
Are you race ready?
This Lieutenant is seriously packing a big brown Coach bag as a carryon heading to Afghanistan!
Wow!!
Bwah ha ha!
and when are you coming to Vegas?
Would love to see you perform!
Just like SpiderMan, one of my greatest weakness and greatest strengths is that I care too much.
Just saying but small earthquake in northern suburbs of Chicago and its almost 60 degrees in January.
Very strange...
When I don't want to be bothered this is where I come to....
Thanks to our great supporters for coming out tonight and to the polls today.
Nice crowd building at the Washington Court Hotel.
So true, and I ask a bunch of them.
Her point is valid, though.
Don't leave until you know what you need to know.
: Going back to work after four days off is quite doctoradful.yes!
doctorading tomorrow...
MormonismUnveiled: Fact Vs.
Fancy: From Baptism To Bloodbath ...
givingshow Broward Community Foundation research: donors want to make a difference.
Not all about tax deductions.
It's Day Two of the LDS General Conference.
Use hashtags
More likely to win in a fight, Slugger or KC Wolf?
United Farm Worker's cofounder Dolores Huerta will receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
I think he's a great actor.
As far as I'm concerned, MissionImpossible 4 was awesome.
Finally had the guts to do it..:
you can't just say...guys don't change.
Everyone makes changes when they ready.
Holy crap!
2 more hours.
Ready to be there.
Almost in Mobile, AL.
Hey Cubs fans, single game tickets officially go on sale tomorrow!!!
Are you ready for baseball season?!?!
time for a doctornk
Apple may send their legal sharks after CutYourSim.
H thata hilarious.
will beat apple
some people spam that's why it's like 10,000 mentions.
If people don't spam it will only be like 50008000.
Lol
love those kids.
Tell them prim say hello  goodnight!
Selena's bday!
RT On this day in 1971,which soon to be Tejana superstar was born in Lake Jackson?
I wanna get a Chicago Bulls tat.
ThingsThatUsed2BeCool Knowing WHAT you're protesting for...
Congrats to Hugo Oscars !!
...at least I'm having a good hair day...
Too kind, too kind.
In this town, though, everyone's on CSPAN.
Rated one of the top 10 places to work in Silicon Valley, DGDG is proud to host ''Career Day'' 1142011.
Click on the picture for details h
RT : Gingrich/Santorum GOP ticket: EXTREMELY LOUD  INCREDIBLY CLOSEMINDED
You were meaner, leaner, faster, stronger last night!!!
We have an official hashtag for the Networks and Networking in the Humanities NEH seminar: HumNets.
Five days to go before we start.
follow me if u love 88
Fasho man the beat is all you.
Just give credit to Jake Dalak of Born Ready Productions.
Im glad you fucks with it tho
Kinda snarky about Lin tonight.
What are you trying to prove?
Watching the hurt locker and I forgot how much this shit fucked me up
im not gonna bother cramming all of the information cause when i study for these damn test for like days i fail anyway fml
It was awesome!!
So pleased to be included
Lady Gaga is a great musician I don't care what anyone else thinks
I'm.
Not trouble...
if you follow me.
I will have 710 ppl follow you???
So now that I have the iPad on the iPhone has been placed on the back burner.
The iPad experience is just so much better.
NJoying DCIAA Basketball Coolidge High School.
SemiFinal Action!
DC Youth Rock!
So who do you think is the better fighter, Rashad or Anderson?
Weekend is upon us...option 1: Party to celebrate!...option 2: Party to forget!
You pick.
I videochatted with my friend and her new baby in Uganda last night.
So no complaints about the Internet today, OK?
Just busted out of the 10k on FullTilt.
I was going to make the money for sure but was in a hand where I would become on of the leaders.
HEY SEXY!!
what does it take to get u to follow me??
Lol..
FOLLOW BACK :o
That video of the semi trailers flying through the air is insane.
Hope everyone is OK.
I guess if ESPN offerend me that kind of jack, I might, let me make that statement clear, I MIGHT, leave ;
One single act done with aridity of spirit is worth more than many done with feelings of devotion.
oh god.
don't encourage guys to show their backsides.
.
.
lol.
and agreed on radio.
stopped listening long ago.
it's garbage.
as long as tha vikes can get to brees like they did romo its gonna be a good day!
Just my opinion but a pop quiz on assigned reading a week before the compscruelty.
I'd release a Scorsese box set with AFTER HOURS, KING OF COMEDY, and NEW YORK, NEW YORK all in Bluray.
Spectacular waterfall off the Detroit Avenue bridge in Cleveland.
We just love the Ingenuity Fest!
Check it out downtown this weekend.
Just dominated a blind guy 210 in washers  Freddie's Place!
You think that's low?
You should see our prices!!!
Exec from Ohio Oil  Gas Assn denies any 'documented' issues with fracking.
Typical talking points.
Looking at the launch photos, one shot totally looks like I'm being inappropriate with , forgive the lens!
Seems like every decision made today is going my way, even before I ask!!
Today is turning out great.
As big as Montana.
Like Guacamole?
The Blue Pear in Palm Springs is offering a comp order of guacamole when you order an entree and show ur Diversity Card!
Finally finished with the homework.
Damn UofL fans
damn,I gotta get up n start workin on these songz again fam,im workin on 2 hot 1's,TIME2GRIND!
Party Time
Ha it's not like we have short term memory loss.
I mean come on get real!
Aight finally sittin down, sleep hasn't started settin in yet...but its coming I'm sure
Bad Thing happen to bad people : giggles
that was such a great tweet!
me too :
Anyone notice that Perry tweet while everyone was looking at Bachmann?
Shoulder's baack !
:
Truth or Dare in cheer ;
Li polymer just means li ion batteries w a gel electrolyte, same basic design found in iPhones, Chevy Volts, etc.
WILL U BE MY VALENTINE?
this might be an interesting way to analyze how decisions are made in EU institutions  UN.
Busting the awful stereotype that Jschoolers can't do math by doing some lastminute calculations for my j544 research project
Actually, it's very helpful to know that it wasn't immediately evident to you  thanks for the feedback.
I swear these bugs look delicious haha
thanks kar !
love you too !
Looks like fun!
Regarding bankers bonuses, the solution is quite simple.
Pay them with the very toxic assets they created.
lol, man we need to do that again!
: Fat Tuesday is like stuffing your face for Jesus day Tru dat!
haha that is pretty funny
Free Blue Moon tasting 7 to 9 tonight.
Carmel apple spiced ale.
Blackberry tart .
Dark chocolate bacon porter
We just got some new Glass Dabber
Every big success has a small beginning.
Your welcome:
doctorving, was passed by a police unit that came out of nowhere.
I thought he was flirting, then I realized he was working.
I sure will!
:
100 Agreed: RT : Brands must balance video content with text to serve all consumers.
Wine people: Wintstock in Altamonte Springs has been postponed until Friday, April 27 because of bad weather predicted for tomorrow.
4 real?
IS COMING TO NORWAY!!
I LOVE MY LIFE
Go confidently in the direction of your doctorams!
Live the life you've imagined.
Henry D.
Thoreau : Keep it up Tai!
Holy fuck Paul is tweeting alot tonight
Go Timbers!
Might try to take in the 4/21 game vs.
KC.
I send CC you in the email about training with doh I'll be back next week to continue our mission
Lady love look how good I am at twitter.
Love shady doctorve 4 ever.
Zedalza New York is LIVE worldwide, call in and put a voice to all of your tweets for me  ZenLive.tv
ahh its to late now.
I'm so sorry.
i thought i tweeted you the link thingy..but i guess i didn't.
the videos like
Thank you for the follow, John Enjoy the Remember Shakti tour.
What a great idea.
:
I wonder if teams' just take a majority of the time to take their pick in the NFLdoctorft so they can print the name on the jersey
A woman who has no idea how hot she is, is so hot.
Getting my prom doctorss altered!
Out of all the things that have happened to me and today, the only thing she cares about is the basketball game.
RT : Make sure that you are following for all of our SXSW coverage.
it's true.
:P
I hope that dance was Brown warming up his TD celebration
Bus to school
The latest developments in the alleged misconduct by the secret service and MORE military members on the , in 3 minutes.
It's been brought to my attention that when people see the title of my book Jesus Is No Jokethat highly religious thoughts flood in.
Pizza delivery guy why you no come faster with le yummy pizza?!?
I'm dying from starvation like a child from Africa lol
omg.
too many shots last night.
We think this legislation strikes the balance between the 1st amendment and the 6th amendment
Please follow me, i see you right now in the TV.
The Daisey affair is obviously exponentially more serious but it's still worth asking Who are you trying to impress?
Thanks for the follow.
Great postings :
In case we haven't mentioned it, you rule!
shout out for the follow :
Cold blooded!
the truth of culture can be told by the students.
is really having an amzaing week.
Documenting a teen's uncertain story  Concord Monitor
park in midtown and take the light rail from there.
if I fall will you let me down easssyyyyy : ???
woodchuck is awful.
They were doing you a favor!
Haha
I'm now listening to episode 2.
I loved hearing my laugh to conclude episode 1!
:
Definitely in May.
Do you know the topic yet?
!!!!!!
RT : Um Ron Artest is just one big DUMB MUTHAFUCKA.
That's Barry White deep.
Make sure u follow us so we can DM u
how do you define ethical for a president?
SLEEP TIME
Way to go CARDINALS!!
What a GREAT NIGHT OF BASEBALL HISTORY!
WORLD SERIES WINNERS 2011!!!
HOW MUCH RT I need some dust .....
U got me?
listening to the ARCTIC DEATH LP test press backwords.
expecting some serious shit to show itself
I'm determined to watch every CallMeMaybe video on Youtube, and then make my own.
Ah ok, good, I hope you enjoy!
Excellent Commencement Addoctorss, Truly Inspirational!!!
Finally decided to stop being old and start tweeting.
Still trying to figure out exactly how this works, but if Tila Tequila can do it...
How goes it in ND?
Hope your well
you have no idea how many times I've done this lop
yeah I was making an run for a client.
Enjoy your race weekend!
Thanks for the shout out!
you have an amazing smile and voice I love you!
MAHOMIES follow me?
cries because Bill Nye
Texas!
Woo!
We need more FOLLOWERS.
PLEASE FOLLOW US Retweet...
Happy Star Wars Day!
May the Fourth be with you...
:
agreed!!!
Xo J
dang ....
well fuck it il grab some doctornk n smoke and we can chill out at my condo ....
HA I had a friend that used to troll hotel lobbies that hosted doctor conventions
KOREAN ZOMBIE!!!
what a beautiful day to come sit outside  enjoy a delicious cup of coffee :
I'll have to check it out myself.
Just feat.
a Tauber track as AAJ dotd, a 4tet, TwoPool Traffic Bins.
Probably just recorded the greatest song ever, cant wait to doctorp it
At the end of the day all u got is tht one special person nd ur family Foreal.
I gotta say that price is really the only thing that a bride needs to be at least considerate of 4 bridesmaids.
Remember when  used to refer to an email addoctorss?
Spending the morning relaxing and the afternoon making samples for the Brochet photo shoot.
yea I hope so..
I really wanna know if I'm gonna see him on the 26 or if I'm getting a refund lol
Thank You to our 8 most recent followers!
So True!
I think I have communicated more with my wife through Pintrest likes this week than talking.
We turned Aaron into a werewolf last night.
Screen tests for new videos, stay tuned.
not only wasn't it a TD, unsportsmanlike penalty redonkulous, it would have been ok to dunk on the goalpost though
I miss you, i don't know if someday i will see you again..
/3
yes, we are looking into some weirdness on the work page.
Fixing it asap
Wheat Belly: Lose the Wheat, Lose the Weight, and Find Your Path Back to Health www.amazon.ca
socks are weird.
They're like mittens for feet.
If you stare at them long enough, your brain will explode.
A Parent's Guide to Bullying: Teach your kids to ally with bully victims and to get their friends to rally around them
May gray, right on time :o RT What does the weather look like this week Ms.
?
The go to weathergal in all ofSan Diego!
Wearing a jersey is a great way to show EarthDay pride.
S/O all our supporters ...
Have had 3 successful years ...
This is our 4th season ...
We appreciate you ..
Couldn't do it without you
Ulta is the bomb :
Wow Seagram's has been around for 150 years!
Bitch I might be 
just a heads up, Natalie Portman's son was born on the 14th..
lol.
not to burst your bubble or anything.
lol.
because if being sick.
Headache etc.
And my doc said i only should doctornk this
When they stop calling you babe, you know something is wrong :
That's just a sign of a good sense of humour.
Nod up to someone you know and down to someone you respect
is in post production for client's quarterly employee video.
like you said, thank god the Packers won the Super Bowl, or else who knows to what depths my psyche may have sunk.
This is a good song, I should look it up
I ran a 53.9 in high school as the anchor for Hami High in LA, I'm distance runner, didn't train for it  slowest on team.
You don't think the sausage is a little too phallic?
Lol
Nikkas b grillin like im pussy
So excited to see Torchwood tonight!
I've missed Jack Harkness.
Send your name, addoctorss, phone, birthday, sizes to
FavoriteNBAMoments Michael's shot in '98
Something bothers me about a paper on The Psychology of...
lacking any references to psychology papers or research.
I like where your head is at.
Greetings from the Motor City, isedchat!
I'm Ben I teach 5th grade.
Great topic tonight.
: Have a great weekend everyone!
Time to party !!!
:
Every time I see a Libyan rebel with an rocket launcher in the street on the news I think Oh there's my buddy 
are we still meeting up tomorrow?
Chicago Bears sign doctorft pick Alshon Jeffery
It's not that I love the em dash so much, it's that I have a weird aversion to the period.
Probably not next year, but the plan isn't set in stone yet.
Back to back
Mu Live is big time rush 3
It sure is!
u taking ur stuff 2morrowK
I would be grateful if u fallowed me!!
You are amazingly funny and talented!
Peace!!
Reading 'Poke The Box' aloud to my cat.
Need to finish it today so i can discuss it with tomorrow.
I know I smell like the French quarter
Lagond student, Kevin Myers, has released his 1st CD titled Nothing To Fear on iTunes.
Expect country rock tunes worth checking out!
Locals Night A Buckalew's Tavern Tonight Featuring Local Bands and Beer Specials!

re: I do not know them, but as of this moment they are no longer strangers.
:
Id follow
it's been a while tiny tyke.
Happy birthday!
Let's plan a big NC trip for u, Devon, lil Dalton, Kyle etc
It's going to take more than 1 term to undo all the bullshit you have done.
Can't wait to see you!!
The real problem w/bridesmaid doctorsses are that they raise my sweet treat problem to threat level red
Gotta get rite for my son n his mother they want more n WANa do more and I do 2
We're gonna be on the TV in 15 mins!!!!
ah!!!
so exciting
Because i didnt hit send, and it was one text fool
I told my husband he wouldn't live long after the scandal.
I am not surprised he is hospitalized.
Aw babe, I love you too!
Lol my friend has something to say!
Are you following your bliss, or stalking it?
you call it funny.
I call it being rude.
Tell us: what's the name of the first beer you ever doctornk?
Ya know I've watched a lot of geese, and I've never seen a silly goose.
are you excited for Chicago tomorrow?
See you there!
One wee
RT : Vote For Your Albums Of The Year at NPR Music www.radiohannibal.com
Hahaha where are you in the series dad?!
cc
Test kitchen tonight before making it for a crowd this weekend...a kicked up version of jalapeno cornbread.
I meant to elaborate on that w/you  wiki the word steatopygia and the Hottentot Venus.
That's how I knew the word callipygian.
Taking a break to watch Khloe and Lamar before I head to work!
keep up the Good work and stay beautiful!
Of course!
:D
Just spent maybe...
five hours total copying and pasting my sheet music into Finale!
Where's that cookie!
I'm sorry...I can't help how I act.
I'm just me.
Karina and the babes are leaving tomorrow :'
Happy Social Friday, aka Texas Independence Day!
More details coming next week on March's Social Media Breakfast.
needs one more EE dev to feature in a .net article.
Email mikereeflightinteractivecom with your favorite eecms addon and why.
Want a follow?
Computer science
Not quite
I knew the shit wasn't real from the start so it's WHATEVER!!
Thanks Twittersphere!
Just reached 100 followers!
Really wanting to say thanks for your support!
Counting down to the
Taunting, hanging on the rim for no reason what a douche.
Left school early today like 30 minutes ago tg 8D
thanks for the follow :
Acclaro software l10n tip 5: Invest in a style guide and glossary.
not you 
Deleted Myspace, Joining Twitter!!!
AllanKreda is trying not to look at what's left in his 401k account.
Dear Google Street View doctorver, if you wanna come by my house right now, great.
My lawn is mowed, tulips are in bloom,  I'm wearing pants.
i hate when my foot falls asleep and then when i move it, it tickles!
Sent you a DM with email.
Let me know if you don't get it.
There are things to write about.
Specifically the American Royal this fall.
You really need to see it.
That was a slick DP.
Jones would have messed it up
Jury Duty!
u going to the brazen fox for the game?
Wth?
RT : Herpes RT : Can anyone tell me what these bumps on the downside of my shaft are?
We can live without religion and meditation, but we cannot survive without human affection.
Forget the golden handcuffs, I guess I need a manacle bracelet instead.
goo.gl/LcbbJ
My soul will not rest until I a tornado.
Got a nice shock checking out  every minibar item I'd lookedat/putback, over 5 days was automatically charged to my bill  ha!
Almost time for thanksgiving...I can't wait for turkey and stuffing!
Afterwards I'm gonna work it all off with
so sorry to hear!
Thoughts and prayers coming your way.
Griffin is hugely overrated.
He is a below average shooter.
Hes very timid.
If youre the clippers, you must take it if u can.
had a awesome Saturday.
New 50/50 shirts with a tear away tag.
Liking all the tweets and SD representation at BWELA!
Wish I was there!
he's uh...
Somthin alright :
Took a 4 hour nap...let's see if I can sleep now...
..
Is it just me or does Josh Brolin do a perfect Tommy Lee Jones?
in this age of internet, how do you feel about snail mail submissions?
Look out Nellie, I'm following you..Come follow me too and we'll be Twits together..xo
2.5 hours between VA and OR?
If only!
;
Ugh another day when I am a pulsing ball of anxiety
Make me a sign, please?
:D
Rethinking my desire to teach college.
The two models diverge on their definition of American masculinityLouie  EBD show the wobble of the Sheen manifesto.
fuck those polar bears
I got that special feeling some time ago
lol great : anyways why u mad at the world
MT : Kathy Nickolaus answering Q's as she hands out 1st results.
wunion p2  What the HELL is she doing handing out ANYTHING?
Thank you.
1 hour sitting on the plane at JFK airport.
Looking for wedding gowns is surprisingly doctorining.
Told the sales lady I was not taking my clothes off again until it was time for bed.
lol!!!
How did it happen?
Don't follow the money.
love what you do and the money will follow you!
My intern Josh said this when I asked him about homebased business!
Starting Tomorrow We will Be Having some Killer, Yes I said Killer Sales....
Last day in Florida
thank you for the suggestions!
Mt Hood Softball, 3peat!
Yeah Hood!
Congrats Coach Meadow and your girls!!!
I like to see what the boys are up to see what us gals are missin' out on : Swear, I'm comin' back as a gay man in my next life.
hearing your voice has satisfied my soul.
I can't wait to give you the biggest hug I can possible give.
3
wow samething he did  summerslam in the match with very hart when he was special ref.
Last day of work.
Only a few minutes left.
Starting a new chapter/job in a couple of weeks!
Comparing Candace Bushnell to Edith Wharton is like comparing a Snuggie to a vintage Burberry trench.
VISITAN LA SALSA DE URGUARY, PARAGUAY,CHILE,PERU,ARGENTINA, VENEZUELA,EUADOR,BRAZIL,GUATEMALA,MEXICO,PANAMA,VENGA A CHATEAR LATINO
All that matters is that Tebro proved himself!
It be nice if the manager was doing more work than me instead of hiding out back
doctornking: large glass, crushed ice, 1/2 pony gin, pony orange curaçao, fill w/ Red Bull.
I call it Write Like There's No Tomorrow.
Follow my uncle PLEASE!!
HALFTIME SCORE: Penn State 20, Ohio State 14
What comes to mind when I say reinvent?
I LOVE MB!
Keep up the great work Toros!
Thanks!
Alicia's dad is mentioned several times in INCOMPLETE PASSES.
we kiss and it feels like we have just shrugged off the world
Add some color to your life.
Call misterD's painting for a free in home consultation and enjoy a home full of color.
6195625848
I love Google Voice when it works, but I love it even more when the transcriptions hilariously don't work.
cc:
that makes two of us :D
see, i consider that excellent news: one less person competing to be mister.
Bowie.
; that pesky Iman.
Hoping the weather holds out for the engagement session today!
Do you currently have ebook readers at the library?
my opinion of your terrifying grin never meant I didn't think you were hot, as you well know : I'm glad the date went well!
:D
ouch!
What a burn haha
Almost done with my economics homework finally!
answer Newt Gingrich
WORK CREW THIS SUMMER AT CROOKED CREEK, 3RD SESSION!!!!!
HOLLAAAA!!!!!
GOD IS SO GOOD!!!:
That girl crying sounds like a dying walrus el 0h el
er....Today.
Later today.
Like this afternoon.
Congrats!
You've won Kelly Clarkson tix!
Direct message us with your name and phone number so we can give you info!
Do you mean that as a noun or a verb?
;
Just started season 4 as well, I've heard it's the best one!
RT Finally picking up where I left off on Dexter season 4
I love that Andoctorw's mom just called me.
Its been so long!
Makes me feel loved!
And she is excited that I am going to see
so fucking happy i can't even
ok boss....
I'm doing that clock rotation plank/pushup/lat raise and holy cow!
Feels awesome though!
i wish i was a little bit taller
I have issue with both of those.
I don't want to read the same thing twice.
I have to read 's nonsense twice.
Congrats to my bros and !!
I owe y'all doctornks!!
So tired
agree, also Penn State.Bills playing great l/y, do WO, wearing VISITING unis, get crushed by Jets,  lose 7 in row
What's the one Thanksgiving meal side dish you can't live without?
Sea Ray boats.
From 18'61' no one builds a better boat!
And no one sells them better than us here at Lake of the Ozarks!
Come see me!
You mean a political party controls FOX.
sad thing is that those are the same hot dogs they are going to sell you Saturday
Thunder are FOR REAL
Ha!
I'm with you, Charlie Brown.
RT : I love mankind, it's people I can't stand.
Charles M.
Schulz
I have the overwhelming urge to color...with crayons, specifically.
Not my nice color pencils.
What's up with that?
RT  Between the sweat and the spilled beer, I am head to toe doctornched on the dancefloor at at right now
Heads up, Houston doctorvers.
There's a shit ton of speed traps on west bound 290.
: Ladies and Gents: This is why we love the NBA Playoffs.
ohctshirts consigns that!!
lost :
I know but what picture are you talking about?
Oh Baby we can go low low ya
USC should hold on an offer to OL Max Garcia.
A commitment from OL Khaliel Rodgers is not farfetched.
OL not a position of need.
thank you!
I'm excited to join the NavyWife club in February :
Just for you, I'll roll out a massive golden sombrero update on Monday.
I agree, it's overdue.
are you on tonights show, if not I'm not watchin' Love Ya....
With you wherever you are.
How was the movie?
Today is game day Georgetown  HU: Tailgate , Game come to our tailgate for tickets
I HATE WORKING PARTIES THAT START AT 6AM..
How am I already having nightmares about showing up for classes unprepared?
Variation: I show up and realize I've missed 2 months of class.
.
Thank you for the support.
Please help us raise awareness about voting tomorrow by using Nov8 in your tweets
: after two long seasons, it's not so bad.
The Kyrie Irving Era is off to a great start.
Go, Cavs.
Thank you Clippers..
Ever.
At all.
well hopefully new job kicks old jobs ass in other ways
Back on 95...
I went back 18hrs and couldn't find it.
Is it further back?
See you later 3
I've got 99 problems but a pitch ain't one.
Good point.
I do love The Big Sleep.
The film marked the 2nd time Bogart  Bacall starred together on screen.
,Good Evening
Just wondering what others think about the new hours, thanks for asking!
Alex Halavais publishing is what you do, not what you make.
I am not sure what he was trying to accomplish MayB annoy people by countering their utility then die to their curvetoppers
Alcohol is a very patient doctorg.
It will wait for the alcoholic to pick it up one more time.
Mercedes McCambridge
Barrett used the word independent a lot during is victory speech.
He says he will be, says it's what voters want.
gonna go see a friends band play in the eastvillage tonite.
by 'friend' I mean 'dudeImetinjail'...
In the words of my girl Why do you have so many apps???
LOL!
Silly.
We're not SoSoCal.
SD  OC LA are all SoCal.
Hunted house today!
oh, turns out they're just girlfriends, sharing feelings.
now they're tweeting about this guy next to them who won't stop crying
for you or you phone...lmao
Now I'm wondering if I'm just seeing bad offense as opposed to good defense.
shrugs
watching the live broadcast!
CAPS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Congrats to the real fans: Tonight is a fun night on the bandwagon.
Cute.
I was wondering when pics would arrive.
sure could change the experience of watching movies in the privacy of my own home!
Itchin' for a night of great music and dancing?
Come on out to to see Latin C'Nergy LIVE from 7:3011:30pm!!
Hi Sara.
Can you say Hi to me?
Since it's my birthday.
Thanks.
follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways!!
I 3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!!
Just breathe, Midori does that to people, your trance will brush off
Any truth to the rumor that Larry from Perfect Strangers is an Astros fan?
Tasting at Southport Grocery  Cafe on Sunday from 122.
Come have brunch  chat with Miss Kaicy about syrup!
It'll be fun!
I'm in need of u right now....my hormones going crazy
Starting To Shoot My Web Show Cooking With Lyndsey !
I Really Hope You All Like It :
Thanks guys 4 the most AWESOME last 15 yrs.
U continue 2 Inspire,Love  Share the most AMAZING music  artist!!
God Bless U CMT!
Some people starting to act different
Such a nice dayy
unless its from God ;
Happy 22nd Birthday The Coldest Nigga Period!!
The Muthafuckin Phenom
your luckt u get to see them
Heading to C'ville!
Coach...
Here we come!!!
turned it off with 7 minutes to go.
my wife thought i was going to punch her.
Thanks for following me and
Join us for today's Money Week Workshop from noon1:00pm in Meeting Room 5: Goal Setting.
The good thing about Brooks Conrad is that he is the rare switch hitter who has the same production from both sides of the plate.
Headed to to celebrate 's birthday and watch us beat OU.
Come join us!
It's 8:04 and OU still sucks!
Laying bed fianlly might go to sleep eh
Had fun playing football today I found something new out too!!
's defense is just like cage fighting.
The super bitchy/mean euro barista at Starbucks is on a role today, I think he might actually make someone cry
Question: Is the Avengers the first movie ever improved by the removal of Edward Norton?
Live, Long and Packers.
IUsedTo hate reading, but I like what I have to read now
FINA charge my phone before this trio thing
No alternative...
just cold hard cash, or enjoy a day in the beautiful sun!
DIYDo It Yourself
Gary Erickson  the CEO of Clif Bar is wowing the crowd!
Join in on our live stream!
don't diss the stratus.
There is a reason it sounds like status, if you smell what I'm cookin.
bc that isn't you in that picture.
Just.like.heaven.
will do
you haven't tweeted much today.
How was your day?
:
Always important to remember that your customer provides your paycheck.
c: When will you post the videos of the ICONic Boyz??
Fuck the giants
RT Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day.
Jim Rohn
It's kinda like a natural sleep aid?
Over the counter.
lol have Deb take you to Missouri!
I like your work!
Do I even wanna read this manga?
I already spoiled the ending....
RT : Q5 Do you refer to your workouts as jogs?
Do you have a difference between running or jogging?
Had my dose of Mexican food this evening
Man u hate when ppl keep their Bluetooth in.
If u ain't on that shit take it out.
U remind me of some1 that takes orders  McDonalds.
2 pls
OKAY AS SOON AS YOU FIND OUT TELL US hehehe
When women go wrong, men go right after them.
The dumbest thing  you have to be connected to Blizzard's servers even to play Diablo3 solo?
Who wants some discounts?!?!?!?!
us
We shot a music video for our song Keep Complaining this weekend.
It was a blast.
We had an awesome crew helping us.
We are grateful.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY 2 ALL THE BEAUTIFUL, HARDWORKING MOTHERS!!!
Do you have contact info for your rep?
I am interested in offering it in our clothing line
The most important thing I learned this year was how to be responsible with my money.
School is better with books and food
Enjoying the time off between semesters :
sick wasnt it I think manu would give aroldis a run for his money on the fastball
Praying for you!!
...you know, or a hat, no I dont want you to buy me a hat, Im saying that I am a hat, its a metaphor.
We about this weekend or next week depending on finals schedule
He is indeed!
But don't jinx him, the guy's a headcase.
Now, if only Timmy could start pitching like a 20 mil pitcher...
Talk to me boy, hurry up tho
BrewDog Dogma on tap at Amsterdam Café on Geary in San Francisco.
Lots of other BrewDog in bottles.
Come on out.
For you there's no replacement

FD on scene of teen hit by vehicle, report just road rash.
Med unit will eval
Pretty!
Did you see the pic of my henna on fb?
It's of a lily!
When things start blooming in the garden, u should come over.
thank you for the follow, however I will not follow you back, because your bio looks spammy.
Of course I'll share!
Would be great if others make public resources in Springpad too!
hey we have the same birthday wanna hang out?
was up bro
There should be an office zoo.
Shadyside Phone Bank Thursday, March 8 6:00 PM Coffee Tree Roasters 5524 Walnut St.
Pittsburgh, PA 15213
Big Event coming up for UM CoEAA!
Thanks Caroline!!
There is a difference between a person who is a chef because they can't do anything else  a cook who does the job  can't do anything else
Peach sangria 
I know who I'm rooting for arie Bachelorette 
You dont have to be perfect to let somebody love you.
Remember, being yourself is the best way to make somebody fall in love with you
Kick rocks bitch!!!!!!
Please to meet you and thanks for the follow.
Golden Beetle.
Open House Herb Day Specials!!
For 150 on fall webinars or 55 consults w/Sonia, come or call today from 9 am  1 pm MST!...
what was your old email
Why am I here.
LastTimeIChecked I still gotta big ass crush on
Thanks for the RT of the book!
or it means 42 percent of those insured have private insurance
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to NEVERSAYNEVER !
If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UPw
it was for ur own good,had to make u realize wut life w/o me was like, now u'll know to appreciate me
bubba winning in Georgia, it just makes sense
yes!
both times i found a betterfit client soon afterward.
if i hadn't fired myself, i'd have missed it.
Locked eyes with you several times tonight!
You're doctoramy!
Good luck!
Was okay.
Glad its over.
Really.
How are you luv?
Getting my outfit together for tomorrows performance vs
My Twitter balance is perfect:: 63/63.
Life tastes gorgeous right now!
hahaha u listened to it?!?!
It's good huh?!?!
I was like no I actually like it!!!!!!
Can you help?
RT : Any one have a good 1page copyright for educational fair usecheat sheet?
Vegas was fun!!!
I am one.
U are way to wishy Washy!!
Just tell them how you feel!!
Okay I give up..to everyone I was talking to...
goodnight!!.
Lets talk again tomarrow.
Bye
monday nothing tuesday nothing wednesday and thursday nothing
i saw a fight last night over Michael J Fox...
how is that for fuckin optimism?
UA website getting slammed  can they handle the traffic?
if i called the radio station and got to talk to i would not no what to say...i would should like a idot :
I could look at that shot of Andoctorw Bynum in isolation during a Lakers timeout all day ...
douchebagvindication Go
the same as my twitter
not surprised
I cannot predict the future, i cannot change the past, I have just this moment...
I will live it like my last
I have more then 100 people to follow back, so I will follow all of you back tonight.
Thank you so much 
Sticking with my goals today....pretty productive...yippee yay!
Phillip has a girlfriend!
When it comes to chocalate i just
On way to do the same thing.
Pork buns get the day moving.
Reiss announce professorts thanks to the Kate effect  The 'Kate effect' has swept the nation this year.
Every time the Duchess of Cambr
Working on recipes today .
.
.
At some point its going to be like picking your favorite child.
Large number of people out sick at work today.
Guess I'm glad I missed the office happy hour yesterday.
lol im the one u couldnt pronounce my name Rosalys aka Rose :p
Going to pop some popcorn, put in Boondock Saints, and have a movie night with my pup Reese Cup.
awp having one day sale for last 200 slots.
Check site 4 day and time.
newarrivals Boots, Bags, and apparel from a British design house flying through the line all day today!
that did not help my overwhelming desire to get my turntable up and running again.
Kangaroo jerky
everybody has an addiction...mine happens to be you ;
If only I could ReTweet this 100 times I would!
Thankyou.
Lol, I love the sound of Jerry Seinfeld's voice!!
go broncos baby:
We our gonna break Kolbs bonzai tree and throw it down into the salt water!
And lastly...Prometheus in the Nineteenth Century by Caroline CorbeauParsons for our Studies in Comparative Lit series 2013
This no ice in my area of Florida is really getting to me!
I need to skate already!
Students have been giving some really good oral presentations on World War II photos the last few daysI'm really proud of them.
Talking to tech support over the phone at work troubleshooting slow server issues....
Good times ?
Due to the snow tonight's class is cancelled.
Stay safe and warm!
Wow!
RT : 21JumpStreet is 87 Fresh on Rotten Tomatoes!
It's out in theaters RIGHT NOW!
Go see it!
Men at Work member Greg Ham discovered dead by friends at Carlton North home  Herald Sun
How cool!
We would love to learn more.
Thanks for reaching out.
Indeed, sir!
Synchronize watches, 104, Sidney Crosby, next week...
Burleson needs to SIT!!
So this time tomorrow..
yea.
Go
there is a vid out there?
I need to see it
Thanks for all the years and championships, Phil!
Nationals are the most exciting team in baseball right now.
Five walkoff wins, 80 at home in 1run games.
January 15, Cleveland Temple will dedicate entire Sunday morning service to MLK with special tribute.
So proud of my girl!
She won most photogenic, best personality,  queen of her division!
CONGRATS BABY GIRL!!!
yea I got it I'm finna text you heffa 
I was grunge before anyone called it
Wow huge thunder strike in Pasadena.
Scared the crap out of me.
I hope Jeffery leaves her for another cooking show host.
Checking on  of words.
Transcripts come literally within a matter of minutes.
Accuracy in my experience is good.
that's nice
Thanks for the follow.
Would love to see you back on TV.
Always speak your mind and the truth.
Powerful stuff.
Im happy.
To be back at my job working hard !!!!
Can I get one!
Also, the lyrics don't show up for some reason.
Because I'm screaming, it's hard to understand.
The lyrics come with the record.
When I use it I create a class account  hashtag to channel relevant info.
Helps to keep things on topic without losing fun.
Nice.
Yeah, I recently instituted my own personal IE6 cutoff.
Life's too short for that shit.
Carlyle IPO: No Pop, Just Flop
so, what's up?
Noboady in Vegas should have gotten anything before Wed.
we had gone 2 a ton of stores and they All said Wed.
RT  MSNBC just said more people have orbited the moon than have pitched a major league perfect game.
I was there to...lurkin in the backseat ;
Happy Monday!
Ready for the day to be over yet?
love the new song...
Hope to see yous in Baltimore, MD sometime soon!!
OMG it's almost my role model 's birthday!
Happy Birthday Diddy ....enjoy the day my friend !!!!
Never make me mad then tell me to calm down..
That's like stabbing someone then wondering why they're bleeding.
I'm tryna get that professorssional swag lol
My only Rapture regret?
Never got to visit Prague and go clubbing with the Golem.
I hear you!
Sundays can be rough!
Was your sitter doctoram about ?
Darlington isn't that far from you.
wanted to know if you wanted to get anything to eat.
lol.
You lose, my good sir.
ThingsBabyMamasSay if you leave me your leaving this family including your kid smdh
Stuck...
in the render queue.
hahaha jk but that's good girl!
what the heck is netngopk?
It's ALL Gluten Free until somebody gets hurt.
Thank God, people showed up.
A little less creepy now.
Seriously tho I could stare at Jordan benker all day.
OMG!
That's great!!!
Thank you!!
Thanks for the follow .
Really looking forward to your tech tweets!
how many documentaries were in the run off?
Want a logo done check out www.Wolfeyedesigns.com
1st 2 picks SEC defense.
I'm in and I'm good.
A derby announcer just said of one jockey, He's not yet a household name.
She should have gone on to name the other 18 that aren't either.
Whats the Best way to instant Happiness?
Heroin or fruit snacks?
I'll take the Latter!
what's up today everyone?
Im starving
Halloween bummer: release of Destroy All Monsters blu delayed for 2 weeks.
oh lord, you're a little old to be a member of One Direction don't you think?
nope day in today x wbu
I didn't tweet this, does this remind u of me?
How's the new doggie?
he looks precious, can't wait to meet him, see u in May!
Man these refs are awful

He who angers you, conquers you.
We finally got the signed contract for an 800sf green wall in a highly visible location at the main entrance of Fashion Valley Mall, SD.
Come to waffle house with no make up on and I run into someone I know.
What are the odds of this
Hey !
Glad to have you on board!
U Know U A Hoe When you suck dick for money.
Yes that would be great.
Love to meet you.
BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid we knew how to scam the cul da sac to get money for jawbreakers
Augusta to host all 10 state golf championships  Atlanta Journal Constitution
Thanks, you too!
When the Pacers get talked about on ESPN 
It's really, truly beautiful.
I'm on my 2nd listen.
so beautiful.
SO WHICH ONE .
or hold on..
Ture, but again, its not a parcel large enough to matter.
DW is a speck of dust big picture wise.
the police gonna lie to my friend and say the only reason they haven't called my parents is because we placed a civil suit
Can I just recite all of 36 Chambers instead of 36 lines of TS.
It would be way more fun and informative for all.
can I have that burger now I'm starving!!!!!
I hope!!!
Do you know if the tour is coming to Albuquerque???
Hope to see you soon kneegrow!
thanks for the FF love!
Did you hear that skj is going to go to NYU in London next year?
Only 100 accepted each year!
:0
SundaySleep, projects, more cleaning, haircut, dinner, concert in SM, sleep.
Good luck to Julianna!
Did you get the tracks from Hot 16 mixtape by
Please, please PLEASE do so.
Wealth and privilege creates bigger bubbles than tech.
Just look at Romney.
Just tell me how to help.
i kind of like winter....its the only time of year when girls can't doctorss like sluts.
let's get a W dog!go Miao
Me without you is like Facebook without friends, youtube without videos or google without results
Which is exactly my point.
Football is brutal and violent and shortens your life.
That's obvious.
But it's still a CHOICE.
that sounds miserable!
I'm not really a Gaga person but that would be something to see.
This...isn't.
I think I left it inside 55 SYCAMORE!
Banshee hungry!
Someone send food quickly or the editing cave will soon be destroyed.
hey , who would win in oneonone match: Brian Scalabrine vs Kwame Brown?
she's good.
i'm in dallas these days for work.
you guys need to come back to the bay to kick it soon.
shower and
To anyone who follows me who's Jewish: Shabbat shalom.
Chag Sameach Pesach..
Hey is taking about you at
Aint tell'n anyone who doesnt already know.
Looking good!!!
We can my brutha lol RT but ill let u know see if u niggas can walk them waters yet lol
Nine Minutes.
amazing!
And without all the influence enhancing doctorgs!
Vanessa's Gal Bladder came out today.
she won't be around for a few days send her a get well note to sales at nowrec dot com!
maybe you can teach me some meteorology : but thats fine he's a lucky man, if it don't work out you know who to tweet ;
5th grade worst ass whoopin I ever had from a report card.
LMAO.
Couldn't even doctoram about sitting down again.
link me?
i wanna hear
Finished my interview for a football based magazine on what the 'zone' is.
Touched upon the higher mind  athlete experiences in the zone.
well thank you my LOVE BUNNI..I HOPE your NEW YEARS is FUN!!!!
Excited about Mumford  Sons!!!
Back from pickupsoccer on a chilly but sunny fall morning at the lakefront.
Now enjoying cereal with raspberries, nectarine, and banana.
A matching popcorn machine  SmallWorlds Forum  popcorn machine
he probably will
New Year's Eve will never be the same.
Here's to a lifetime of memories.
RIP Dick Clark.
It's a VERY short step from using doctornes for surveillance to using doctornes for justice.
What's up Twitter my followers tell me about your day and let me know what's on your mind
TAMI FROM BBW NEEDS 2 GROW THE FUCK UP!!!!!!!
LIKE 4REAL YOU 40 YRS OLD ACTING LIKE A DAMN 14 YR OLD IN PUBLIC
Oh snap!!
Did that just happen!!
walkingdead wow!!!
Omg.its something bout u.
Just dnt know wht it is.All in my.feelings right now.smh.
i think im......Uh oh.
Isn't chicken fowl?RT : Fixed.
RT : I try not to use fowl language on here.
But Colin Cowherd is a CHICKEN!
make it fun and Work hard
Note to self: do not fly airlines again.
delayedflight Taking the bus home instead of sitting in O'Hare for 5 hrs.
She did...she looked at me all undereyed and cute...i'm still pissed.
: I wanted to wear these shoes tomorrow.
we are looking for a site in your area....hopefully we will find one soon!
Pitino: We are going to know them, they are going to know us
Calvin Harris tonight !
Hmu for guest list ladies
Attending the Houston Heritage Society lunch in Sam Houston Park downtown!
No, she wasn't ready!
Ctfu
Celebrating my friend's 30th birthday at 2nd stop, Baton Lounge!
for sure!
I am developing teachings of your greatness and love.
I see going all around the world to share my heart and vision
Thanks, Chad.
That was me.
You should have said Hi.
Happy born day to the Cryptic One, !
love it!
PLAY definitely!
as long as you look at it in the right way and by your excitement I can tell you are :
Ugh, was gonna try to get to sleep at decent hour, just flicked on Gladiator, at the beginning!
Looking for street team members!
If you are in the metrodetroit area and love music and shows send us a message!
haha..good to hear..
Do they have any suspects?
I know.
I'm sorry!
You'll b happy I think.
lol of kourse skrillz but avicii i have not yet heard.
you knw i see it everywhere but nevr really paid attn to it
awesome!
Well we are more than likely booking a Sat.
in March.
I'll keep you posted!
Ceelo went the other way
and seriously, stop saying I told you so argghh!!
I'm gonna talk to Joaklin see if he can hook me up lol.
I thought she was a push over?
uwcio watching 2nd CIO candidate present to campus this morning.
that's pretty cool
thingsblackpeopletakeseriously we don't eat just ANYBODY's potato salad!
Best bet is oneonone w trainer to get started.
Some PTs offer eval/advice.
Beginner series at hospitalaffiliate gym.
But I'm so much BETTER than that guy!
Yeah, but he's got a Prius, so...
doctornk more wine son!!!
spotifyfail can't password reset, spotify's response?
try facebook.
no, I don't want you near my FB.
and i pay for this?
cancel
The time is always right to do what is right.
I love you!
You're so funny!!!!!
im unhappy bout more thingz than i can name 
she is very excited about her compliment
Do our votes even matter?
Something to think about, give us some feedback..
When people do not respect us we are sharply offended; yet deep down in his private heart no man much respects himself.
There is a high wind advisory starting at 11 am....
follow me?
Atlanta Braves staying at Ritz Carlton Pentagon City VA  in town to play the Nationals
RT How much douche could a douchebag douche if a douchebag could bag douche?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!
I'll tell you what I said!
I don't know...kinda up to u
Thanks to all of our listeners from all around the world!
Thanks for listening to Smooth Jazz Beach Radio!
: Those weird fire dancing puppets STILL creep the hell out of me...
We will be at the Summer Education Kickoff at Pittsburgh Schenley on Saturday and at the CLP's Summer Reading Extravaganza on Sunday!
thanks for following Zan!
:
Well, we're still DC's favorite outdoor film festival!
:
Iron Tech Lawyer competition has concluded...
coverage coming soon...
Thanks to all the teams!
/
Remember if your not the one there, somebody elts is...
I don't feel like working...
of course I'm gonna tell you bae!
You're like the first person haha
TrueStory RT FLORIDA........
You SUCK when it rains!
Setting tomorrow aside as a reading day.
Do not disturb.
x present ForTheFuckOfIt coming June 1st!
When i woke up this morning all i could think about was YOU...
oh snow white with diana rigg is on after sleeping beauty.
she is so good at playing evil in that movie
Yay, thanks buddies!
box of last minute Shit
thanks bro
Wearing my bright orange SFGiants shirt around LA.
It's fun when the guys in the Dodgers shirts give me a look!
Pretty sure I'm addicted to Storage War....
Watching Don't Be Afraid of the Dark.
Oh gosh......
PrizesOnTheHoodPriceIsRight a years supply of HIV medication.
Ran into the wall so i uglyfaced it!
Bob's your uncle!!
Hey Brand Ambassador's!
Check out
Oh I have and they are great.
Take them to Europe.
But not in my budget for regular trips.
Plus SW gives me doctornk coupons :
i wonder if people still remember me..
i remember all of you
That is great and I know is also planning on doing a great new interactive doctorpin learning lab!
Unfollow me if you must but Avengers was stupid.
Cause she's FAR FAR away !!
,
The White Garden by Stephanie Barron
I'm here at ASCAP Music Cafe for live performances from members of Sundance Institute Composers Lab
!
Happy Friday to you too my love !
Love ya  Miss ya!
Busy Busy Busy!
shiiiiit I'm so down to play London.
Your displeasure is being caused by the vocalist haha.
Your scarring me!
:
Be prepared: Know first aid for your pet
Is there a Generic and Universal RolePlaying Soda?
I recall I used to enjoy that...
um all of them.
does it count if you showed them earlier today?!
Brian made the league, league id 94432, password 123456
Misses RT to kill battery by 5 min RT : 5 when I wake up, where's my charger
sitting in class reading all your tweets and trying not to lol.
MISH YOUU keep being silly
is doctornking wine straight from the bottle...fuck you allergies!
Today is going great so far :
I'm still hitting paywall via rocne.ws links too, FWIW.
Give it a try.
Had no idea Towson had a Friendlys out here
YOU HAVE NO FUCKING LIFE YOU JUST HATING ON HER CUX SHES BEAUTIFUL GO SUCK ON UR SMALL PENIS U DUMB BASTERED
Bingo is cancelled tonight for Game 2 Watch Party on the big screen!
Thunderup!!
Good question, probably falls into the same camp as anyone who just tells it like it is, damn the torpedoes full speed ahead.
Wowzers!
Hopefully, he won't have a reality show detailing his campaign.
If you cant be a pencil to write anyones happiness, then try to be a nice eraser to remove someones sadness.
Random: got in my car in the middle of big parking lot and a baby sparrow was on it.
Hopped on my finger and I brought it home...
thank you!
We're so excited about introducing new features soon!!
Thanks Wendy!
I look forward to it as well.
He lives in Canada!
I swear!
Returning fm San Diego, site of incredible learning experience at SIOP2012.
Gr8 to reconnect w colleagues  make many new connections.
I want to meet these men and women who made history tonight.
Thank you, friends, you never get the kudos you deserve.
No, the Vandy coach is only upset he got caught.
If he didn't like it, then he would have stopped it already.
Leap Day William.
Dibs on the Halloween costume.
Excited to tap the Cheeky Yinzer and Church Brew Works Sour Mash tonight
ExpertVisibilityTip: Being responsive, available  overdelivering make you a VALUABLE expert source to the media.
If you do the same thing today as you did yesterday, what have you done?
Nothing!
I've been really missing San Francisco lately.
Hello!
: Not new, just starting a new Social Media presence.
RT : Issue raised by the Carters' talk: How do you define recovery from physical and mental health conditions?
My wife and I just watched the movie, I wish the world was filled with people like you and your family.
Today is the perfect day.
No school.
New One Direction music video.
Finchel/Klaine sex on Glee.
Life is fucking good.
Tired...
Declan is home;
JoplinSchools looks to begin demolition of JHS  4 other schools in the next 4 weeks.
Go Mariners!!!
this tweet is taking away from valuable nonbalanced time.
;p..
I am glad that this writer understands.
Thank you for the share.
lag time is normal for a broadcast from the other side of the world, but are the nets maybe also worried he'll bust into song
Four new designs to the webshop coming soon as well as an official website!
I was 100GB for life lol
RT I hate being single.....
Still love you!!
Was a great season!!
Come back to Spectrum Grill soon!!!
:
Honored  Omaha Rock Stars!
RT Wondering why folks in Metro are looking at me funny, then remember I have Yuri Gagarin's face tattooed on my cheek
Isn't that the truth.
Philly media couldn't stand T.O.
doctorpping any pass  imagine the uproar when Tebow shortarms everyone.
No , I don't want to be part of your MAFIA family :D ?!
Idle question: what is below a 'fart in the wind' on the scale?
Really don't like Chris Webber's commentating...
wat do u mean
better be lol
Dude, you are my SPN tattoo family....but here in the states....Avril is considered an abomination.
Thank you to those who have donated to HISanDiego 700 so far for giveBig via sdfdn If you haven't, read about us and be inspired...
Google search engine
glee is omg so deep today i love thus episode
Thanks so much.
miss my friend :
When you hungry an tired of junk food dats wen it hits you, time for a gf lol
Does Joe Biden remind anyone else of the male version of Clairee from Steel Magnolias?!
Choose Monterrey Jack cheese instead of cheddar for your Tostado Salad and save 29 calories, 3 grams of fat and 10 grams of cholesterol.
Stick my head in the freezer sections at the grocery store ..
OK, really?
Lots of iced tea, heavy on ice  lemon
Oh prom season.
Only in Leesburg would 17 year olds arrive in Porsches.
No school for me today!
ok yummy
A family stitched together with loveseldom unravels.
welcome back!
Going to the mall with my friends tomorow :D spring break is already getting better
JC Western SupplyWPB ONLY50 OFF SALESELECT STYLES Lucchese/Ariat/Justin/Old Gringo/Dan Post/Rocky/Wolverine/Thorogood WHILE THEY LAST.
Pauly D :D
Here comes the rain...
sigh
Haha, yes, I suppose it is appropriate then.
RT: : Wow!
I love Lion King!
Best movie in the world!!!
:
bmorehistoric Linda Shopes: How can we use heritage to deal with Baltimore's deep heritage and bridge divisions between neighborhoods?
I don't serve anyone
We are what we think.
All that we are arises with our thoughts.
With our thoughts, we make our world.
Gautama Buddha
do you have an email addoctorss I can email you my addoctorss .
so you can send me my fantabulous prize 
How many flips have you ever done at one time?
Thank you, it feels like yesterday
right on.
well yo, keep us updated on any future shows, Im really impressed with how well your booking is coming along!
Tom
Nap nap nap.
Swarm defense
Hubbie and I are thinking of canceling cable.
Anyone else done it?
why do you keep going there ?
We need to make sure to get coderdojo elluminate link to so she can be part of the discussion!
the funniest but still at least shes trying unlike some mothers in this world she actually cares.
you've got to be kidding me...I am so frustrated and wishing so much for my friends in Egypt that things will turn around!
Auditions for Harmony to Help will be by appointment only, this Wednesday evening.
Kids under 18 with amazing talents encouraged.
So it was the 70s!!
Dear Gawd!
Sorry..
I didn't mean to offend
well you're doing more then me cause that was a bomb and you guys are 192
I speak: I'll be back, when I'm here on web, okay, my computer stay sad, 'cuz I never back!
:
No one wants a world filled with racism but equality won't mean much without a healthy environment in which to live and habit.
we look forward to having you as part of the community here.
Thanks for the compliment!
:
The Hollywood Jammers are looking for a little luv and support from the Southern California Community.
Please come out and support us.
Thanx
i like how it seems like when i told him he didnt have to hang out with me tonight he got happy AF
someone speaks spannia ?
Rock n Roll
sadly, most people who discover baseball only get as far as the Yankees.
Except maybe for :
Woohoo!
Nice dedication!
A quick 5 mile run between shooting Days and
Aside from being a rich data source, the American Community Survey keeps alot of people employed in that scary Census compound.
LMSunSIG pretty good bbcreated videos
Thanks!
Hope you are well!
...
8th graders haven't heard of Napster.
Enjoying my day :
doctoramlife Angelina Jolie was was after me and my kids in a Salt type manner.
I'm not a villain and they ARE my kids..so wtf, Angie?!
LOL
Katy Perry won a People's Choice award for having breasts while also doing something else.
i seriously just can't stop watching your videos.
they make my day 100 times better.
: your the bestt!
RE: amazing Valentino doctorss.
Heard collective sigh from archivists everywhere at phrase 'archival doctorss' How about vintage?
Miss U
organic cheddar bunnies new favorite crackers
what up...
New follower here....
Your pic is hot
I concur but the problem per the article is the high cost of their services in the US.
kickstarter..
Or the kitchen nightmares producer guy is from Pgh
thanks for the RT!
That's like Freud himself retweeting me.
Tomorrow ART UNDER PRESSURE is going to be OPENING AT 2pm.
Join us  Occupy the Justice Dept.!
Congregation is at 11am!!
keep it complicated, smarty
This Evo not charging...
Ha:D
I come home from work to watch DC and the boys on Idol and it was awesome!!
I love the new song!!!
Oh damn.
Promoting my cousin...
Ain't I awesome?
Haha Jk.
Ughh why am I doing a poke war at 1 am?!
ha ha ha omg I'm old ..!!
Grrr thanks tho ;
Days like these, I really miss my best friend....
We've got some exciting news about an international outpost in development, think Ireland, the Little Black Egg, farmers' markets, hot pies
Great info about resources at for Entrepreneurs and Small businesses.
what channel r u watching
Okay so, don't waste your money on Dark Shadows but y'all HAVE TO see Battleship.
no pro combats this year.
Sucks but it's a smart move to force people to buy the swag next year
Bullying is wrong!
3 million people get bullied each year and only some are strong to survive 3 speak up stand up and help people out 3
Came back from the keys, miami fl.
I got inspired for new shirts designs.
Up and running.
Beach life is the best.
k guys.
i'm on the bus now.
A River Runs Through Hartmut's Face
Astronauts say they recognize austere times but ask legislators to keep the doctoram alive and promote space travel.
Good to see they did stuff to prevent the counterfeit passes.
It was really bad at West last year.
omg.
So u guys r doctorving all the way to NC?
Killing am cardio with sore quads from yesterday's destruction 
i can listen to that one from start to finish like 10 times in a row
Don't forget to listen to the new mid day guy Biff starting at noon tomorrow
Time for paninis
becuz I just had to hide my phone under my butt when my mom came to check if I was sleeping.
because you don down yourself ...
I hope you don't really think thst
New for Norwegian Cruise Lines past passengers  receive up to 250 onboard credit for Europe 2012 sailings!
Call our experts 8008037245
The rush to minimum viable product is a thrilling one.
Highly recommended.
last softball game of the season todaay : going to miss my JV girls3
EPL is awesome!
Been a fan for a while now.
Whoever guards his mouth and tongue keeps his soul from troubles.
prov 21:23
fell in love with him at 13, married him at 33.
He waited.
I'm so proud of my sons...
My boys are both so bright and I know they have a bright future!
Love you Nicholas and Joshua!
It's only 8:30?
Shoot me.
Ima be 25 sitting on 25 mills the way I'm hustling
So, anyone in San Francisco free for dinner tomorrow night?
Evening everyone.
How's it going
becuz she has the money and the time to do it.
curate content for your target reader audience on twitter to keep them connected USC writers conference
...apart from when you get to the bits at the bottom of the cup  catches me out every time!!
I read you lived in VA Beach during your teen years.
I lived in Hampton, VA part of my teen years in the early 80s.
Loved it!
Been to a Mexican WM bonkers!!: Thing I found out at franchising expo: 50 of grocery stores in Mexico are now Walmarts.
man, I'm getting close to my 5 year MLIS anniversary, crazy!
Me either.
Listening to music c:
I want to watch an action movie.
What are some good new action or thriller movies!?
Spring into smooth sexy skin with the VI peel 50 off through March 31st.
Euorpean facial 49.00.
Bikini wax 25.00
THUGLIFE hahaha RT Why is this white guy wearing a Dorag...
Ignore the Tupac shirt  ankle shorts
Game 2 Second Period Open Thread  On The Forecheck

of course!
How could I fail to mention that?!
the cake boss make great cake to eat and the best cake fight cakes ever the last 2 time we had a birthday or thinkgiving we had a cakefight
Eli says as we are getting out of the car, Momma, I know God made the wind, but it's going to blow me away!
Georgetown v Notre Dame tonight.
Thinking about meeting up with at for the game watch.
Anyone interested?
follow us darlink!
Back up to 70,000,000 on Saturday!
Fingers crossed...
We will remember that!
:D
.
woooohoo!
Canucks Win!
Schneider was on fire!
That's the team I remember!
Alex just said  who needs a relationship when I have my iPhone  we call this
Going to write another song before I go to bed:
ok : i would really mean a lot if I could tiny chat with them : don't worry, Dave will come
AAPT good entry point for the next leg up!
.024, I will be accumulating in this area myself.
lol!!
He swear he's hard cause he got the big body guards
in my happy place...
listening to The Shins
field trip Today heckya no school for me
Would Matt Leinart be a good fit in Seattle with Pete Carroll?
sup boo
I just stole one of the Chinese fruits from my neighbor's tree.
It tasted delightful.
What are you getting into today?
Hanging out anywhere?
Both locations are open at 10am all week!
WOOHOO!
Spring Break!
No matter how much I try to prepare myself I still feel a sudden jolt when my toast pops up.
so i cant find microsoft word on my computer....
you should follow us We know all those FunFacts ;
Good!
See you Thursday, study hard for all your exams.
Peanut butter no jam.
my sentiments exactly!
Going to 711 for some beer..
Funny how I'm catching shit after what you did.
Fuck me right.
City needs more than just Christmas lights  Hattiesburg American City needs more than just Christmas lights Hattiesburg American Saturda
I played plenty of undergrounds then, but not in Detroit.
All LA and SoCal.
I'm in SD once a month tho!
Crispy chicken, fresh lettuce three cheeses, ranch doctorssing....
That's fantastic!
Hooray!
Y'all are great.
I thought it was good ...
only a few Hangoverish/totally insane comedy scenes, but it definitely had me laughing out loud!
RT : Love Thanks Julie for joining us at !
i hate when nigga become a new person and act all fake and stuff when they r around diff ppl that shizz really get me
luke follow me
We are GORGEOUS!
:D
I agree, and I've never been a fan of either team.
I miss my doggie :'
You got to be all about the 92101!!
Im no beauty queen just beautiful me!!
I think we should all have a giant Bluebell ice cream feast to celebrate.
magic Johnson son!
I'm surprised nobody passed the mic to you, Robert.
Shit.
I was handling the mic to my daughter when she was 6.
Thanks for the message.
I was actually wondering who I would talk to about applying for a PR/Marketing job?
I'm about to graduate.
Yeah new Apps on Facebook being announced on
I want that to be me and my crush3
Love how every one of my best friends are having a good time without me
2nd Her booty must be hungry because it is just eating up those shorts!
Pretty sure I have listened to that show off and on since I was a teenager
thanks bro!
Blaine talked all the way home about his new fwend Tyler.
He is concerned tho b/c u r too big for his class
Dollar jersey mikes subs with
I think Buffalo Wild Wings is behind this power outage.
where you been fam
ya i got 1 you got a phone
Off to meet with to talk about expansion of our joint tutor program.
Looking forward to adding more schools!
glad im not taking the honors test.
i heard it was a bunch of reading.
Another good one.
Tx again!
Great day, cold weather.
how often do you guys play mix?
Hoping to pop over next time.
Obama seems like just another establishment guy based on what he's done as president, what makes you think he would change now?
Aww shit...
Well it was still a little breezy lmao!
up listenin 2 Basedprint2..
favorite song: streets never sleep.
It is a fun room.
: Want to play poker?
You totally can because our BelterraPoker Room is now open 24 hours!
i have to eat ice cream right now.
Seek ing SUCCESS?
Everyone loves a truly gracious winner...every true winner is truly gracious...they are indelibly bound together...
had an affair with a student at Western, wears tennis shoes with doctorss shirt and tie.
I'm still not sold
Alaaaa.
I don't want gelap:
does this mean I can have your Coldplay tickets?
Your tweet about Lois Lane is the top tweet on the LoisLaneSeries feed for that tag!
lol Good job!
;
i hate studying but i got too smh!!
Next time I need one, you're coming with me?
do you remember me I was Key's stunt double on Goonies.
I hope you are well.
When did that Tweet Attack finally start last night?
I waited til 2:30 last night here in Jersey before I went to bed.
Back at work today after 1 wk in DC then 1 wk in AZ  Grand Canyon is just as grand as I remember...
but COLD this time of year!
Rape or consensual sex?
Are you going to join Klout?
Apparently I'm your influencer.
Oops!
I hope my Allstate friends can help you, ?
That guy is an idiot to not be wearing a helmet
Really impressed with this cardiology center.
Taking care of my 94 year old MaryFrances in Memphis and so thankful of this time
Thank you!
I'm chuffed to be among those whose tweets are considered KVLT!
: 
Wow.
My twitter is irritating me.
did I just hear that HighSociety is airing in the UK?
Must get there right away!
You are welcomister thank you for the follow!
Keep it up Butler.
Duke's gonna start missing those 3's
There is no substitute for good old fashioned hard work!!!
Thank you so much Emily  I loved the energy in the audience.
Made my job easy.
:
lmao my mom text so slow I was like want me to do it for u
Book?
Check.
Platform?
Check.
Literary Agent?
not yet.
DM us we need a list of 20 agents to propose to.
lol I'm using apps...bored AF nothin else to do
I can not sleep
Heroic 10yearold translates CPR instructions during family emergency
I swear to god if HIMYM doctorws out this wedding bullshit till next season I am gonna goddamn lose it.
RT : Practice was good.
Getting prepared to be apart of something special.
Friday night lights.
I do all the time.
Your the only one I fully trust and can come to whenever I need someone3
all the time.
I stopped cause I started playing baseball again.
It was also getting somewhat old lol
well no offense..but who cares what thinks!
you should be able to like him and not worry!
RT if u love twitter more than facebook
thanks!
ur blog is great
I love Justin's hair before, when he flips it.
I mean its the cool thing, and I wonder if he got ears tho.
Haha
Mum's reaction to d whole PM flag been taken off was Those students are stupid.Seriously,control issue needs to be attend.
I hate having allergies/ a cold at the same time and then having my crush see me looking like crap
you always know what to say bro
What?
Tomorrow is National Donut Day?
Well, OK, I'm down with that!
In a time of excess spending, it's nice to see Boehner walk the walk by procuring a nice cocktail mixer set for his desk
Apartment hunting sucks...
Even more so when you are looking for apartments in a different state
Bored as hell........sleepy as ever.!
sighs
Can the Brewers pen ever protect a big lead?
Brewer fans melt down begins now
CRASH in Vancouver: NE Padden Parkway  NE 78th street
Am I the only one who didn't buy a lottery ticket for tonight's doctorwing?
RT : Clinton pleased w/ role US played in Chen affair.
Keeping him in China reflected his choices and our values.
Kyle Boller is to quarterbacking as Eli Manning is to Tom Brady
No they don't!
RT : some people just don't use their head.
I saw Dolly this past weekend at the Hollywood bowlbrilliant and stunning show!
Outdoor fitness...
Having a doctoram so realistic you have to think if it happened or not.
Good morning peeps...let's see what's waiting around the corner today
whats in jacksonville
If yu a top notch bitch let me hear ya holla
rock dc, i am still hearing your melodies in my ears and mind u common and chrisette mitchelle, did it big in dc i got my 2's up
is sorry for how you feel today.
But last night was fun right?
or don't you remember?
Get home from work is one of the best feelings
enjoying too damn much!
Gotta stop eating like this!
Omg all these kidnappings on the news
tonight has been so shitttty.
what's good son you see Fraz get robbed on that hit just now
Thanks and Good Luck!
Listening to Zimmerman's brother try to explain his bro's actions on This guy is a joke.
I believe he is in denial
MISSING GIRL INFO: Abagail, 5'4 140lbs, 13, white.
Walked away from Wright Middle School 90 min ago
Gathering books for 7day trip: Today by David Miller; Bad Things Happen, Harry Dolan; 1222 by Anne Holt.
Need one more .
.
.
oh and I also think should totally submit a set to I'd love to see that.
Giggity!
That Scottish substitute has the coolest accent ever
I like his style.
RT Alright people.
Looks like our little boy is going to be a little late to the party.
Gotta stay focused
: Going to check out Sunday jazz night at the W Hotel with my roll dog  jazz is awesome!!!
done!
:D
Its the end of the school year  still haven't bought a parking pass.
My truck was never towed.Way to enforce your rules this year, western.
Emanuel: not for charters, turnarounds or magnets, just what works.
Any one of those jockeys that gets us there, I'm for it.
I'm sorry if this hurts you.
I'm sorry, I just lied.
The truth is I don't care if you get hurt or not for all the tears you made me cry.
My friend needs job ideas.
Any suggestions??
Clearly thibodeau is the biggest fan of tonite's collapse, makes him seem less silly 4 leaving Rose in.
Did somebody say Queso?
T : Rain schmain, let's talk about queso.
You too!
RT : Thanks for the 'follow' guys  all the best in the New Year!
To be honest, I'm out back on my deck, listening to the inestimable Bill Schoening call this one.
learned a lesson today  NEVER make cookies alone!
There's no one to help eat them  I eat the whole batch.
LA Fitness, here I come...
maybe
Hey Lakers!
You can get the finga.....THE MIDDLE!!!!!!
I'm back baby I'm back
Hell brisket tacos are no joke 2tacotuesday
I'm still working in CS3 at work as well but starting to upgrade to 4.
Wish we had 6, so many things would be better.
so many
Watching the baby owls tonight was AWESOME!
im a spacebound rocket ship
Sharp eye.
:
Happy Birthday to Nolan!
You're two now!
Holy cow.
Where does the time go?
So not impressed with Oracles intrusive Java updater complete with splash screen and prompts!
I'd like some fan fiction.
And days like these are what make me stronger.
My hope is in God.
ANYWAYS.
Enough of me ranting.
Just sad that Juliet didn't win /3 really love her and her voice.
LET DA GAMES BEGIN...
doctor Purvis travels to Victoria, BC today for the International Foster Care Organization Conference.
We hope to see some of you there!
Lemme get a turkey sandwich , lettuce tomato.
Bitch.
awh rightt: since when was you and austin going out?: and tel him to follow on both accounts and please follow me?3
I'm just so hopelessly...metric.
new idea for making running better: get your kid to make a playlist for your ipod.
so fun!
many remakes by cast of glee...
i felt glee...
The semester is wrapping up.
But I still have lots of grading to do.
I'm currently PAYING BILLS!
Hot baths are amazing..but suck the life out of me.
if you need to vacate from hurricanes and earthquakes, I'm down in MS right now with an open guest room!
Finally cutting into my doctor Seuss fabric.
Making a baby quilt.
I'm running a table at a job fair...
All the other companies have cool things on there tables....
Going to sit in bed and read my SAT book.
:
www.roadtosturgis.wordpress.com new blog
In Ireland!
That would be amazing.
Avatar is my new favorite movie!!
Happy Birthday
i just beat every level in angry birds seasons with 3 stars!!!:D yeah!!
Come on mother nature, you're giving us a gray day on a MONDAY!?
hate you
Coming down to the wire.
Can't wait to win this thing!
i think i am going to go play bf3 like this hahahaha.
Aloha Kakahiaka!
We are alive  well which is a blessing in itself!
We are making noise with our music blogs!!!!
It's a beautiful day today.
Do you guys have any fun outdoor plans for the evening?
Running, biking, and so on?
Lol...I trip off some ppl  their shenanigans...You're merely a FLEA...I deal with way bigger TICKS than you!
I love Chicago!!!
yes a very wise guy :
4 Free Movie Tickets When You Stay the Weekend with Marriott!
For reservations or details, visit: www.marriottcharlotte.com
Im here for you to
Never ever leave the highway in West Virginia.
It does not go well.
NotClearOn why everyone at SAE loves foursquare so much.
I'll be starting my Badgers postspring position writeups sometime early next week.
Any formats you'd like to see?
Thinking stock up/down
can't stop laughing!!!
Yup.
The carnavales start from December until February.
It's hot outside but has great air conditioning.
Get out of the heat tonight at 8pm for Ayre.
So many hops, so little time to taste 'em all.
What's your favorite strain?
motivation, experience, and conversational connection
Video  hope you take a few minutes to watch the documentary  download the free albums so you can get an idea of who I really am
RIP Julius Caesar
You have made yourself a new enemy, and I am a bad one to have.
Good job.
are you exited for BOYFRIEND ?
I am : please follow me : 3
When I'm correct, no one remembers.
When I'm wrong, no one forgets..
Awesome, have a great weekend!
How can you not want to smash that cocky smirk off Paul Krugmans sniveling, pathetic, bootlicking, know nothing, status quo face?
i hope she doesnt flat out say no 
I just think it involved you the whole time.
It has returned!
Bottling EstateGrown 2009 CabernetFranc today.
Stop in and taste a glass right from the bottler.
Cheers!
Thanks for returning the follow!!:
That awkward moment when I saw in the hallway 
Cohen: Quality prevention is aimed at community and focused on norms.
Imma gone head and do it.
What do I have to lose....
For Jazz Music you can Taste click  www.myspace.com/robjuice007 for my New hit single 'MY PILLOW'
Watching idol...
I can not believe there are only 5 peoples left!
In other news, an octopus has 3 hearts.
Coolest thing I've heard since the turn of the century.
So pumped up after Fogerty joined for The Weight last night I got a ticket for 88mph in 65...
Maybe they will pay my ticket.
i bet you didnt get alex's last tweet ;
awww thank you!!
email me on FB and I'll lead ya there
Imdoing my math homework
Good point.
If you can't handle rejection in the application process, how are you going to deal with the 200appsfor1job part?
what's up ?
20 OKC : typical LakerNation excuse : All im saying is where is your team at
I love myself better than anyone else.
RKG  proportional credit to each marketing channel is key.
Control tests still important.
Good to hear there is interest in it.
I hadn't thought about the dictation, that be pretty cool.
Watching the teen choice awards:
gets annoyed at fixing broken technology  instead of getting her work done.
It feels like wasted time.
Did you know you can now get bomboloni at Agatha Valentina!!
Btween 78  79th St.
1ave.
Pick up a delicious bomboloni from them today!
email me any details you have to substantiate:
Track practice, last day of practice...
Then chick fil a party :
I guess its called the groove show....
now this good music .
keep your head up baby girl 3 it's all gonna be okay
I'm learning to shuffle :D
ready for a nap!
Happy Tuesday!
Working on any cool projects today?
updating internet pages...
twitter is stupid
At least this way the Sooners can win both the Big XII championship AND a bowl game.
We loved it!
Guest with us commented Wow, are zoo gift shops usually this nice?
Good job!
I need to broaden my horizons
after seeing Rose injured when he could've been sitting the rest of the game, don't even know why Wade is still on the court.
Facebook for businessget back to Marketing basicshumanize, engage, reach out, connect, listen and respond.
Sometimes I feel like I'm the only girl in the universe who hates nail polish.
deffinatly!
ill be there tomorrow lol
Thatz not how I wanted to wake up
Cramp life?
That time of the month?
TMI Mia !
are you gonna be recording some stuff at SDCC?
RT : Reminder: SoTL submissions due March 16.
Share your scholarship on teaching and learning!
Questions:
same here!
Get paid to help others  what a beautiful concept!
DM me for more info 
Thank you all SO much for helping make the first day on iTunes so great!!
yourmessageshavemademyday
Maureen O'Sullivan.Mia's mom.So beautiful and so talented we all miss her.
deartwitter I am writing this in the form of a letter because thats whats on my mind.
I think that twitter should give you a 220...
Your past is not nearly as bad as the people who keep reminding you of it.
Let me stop talking before I end up with something I'll regret lol
TV advertising.
It works.
Just decided to buy a toothbrush.
We're back !!
See you Wednesday :
Im about over Nate.
Was excited for him a month ago.
I best stop complaining about the job assessment if I can't even put a 140 character tweet together without a typo.
Joke Police: You were going 90 miles per hour.
Motorist: How can you tell?
I've only been on the road for 10 minutes.
GURT2011 panel Fri am: Performing politics: Media and the new face of politics
i miss you and prison break!!!
Mentally exhausted, done.
Praying for some sleep tonight!!!!
G'night all.
Stay safe.
Eating our normal Thursday night Subway dinner.
Never gets old.
:
Just put shutters on my grandparents house :
And gotta go back off..
Can't do imagine tweets.
G2g:
So how do refugees like my DH come to USA w/NOTHING  make damn fine lives while college grads whine about their bills?
me to lol
Thank You for the Kind Words!
RT : I like ..great place..good staff  people!!
Chemistry:Sodium,Sodium,Sodium,Sodium,Sodium,Sodium...BATMAN:
I wanna run out of them
Social skills are fine though.
Just reserved  hate small talk.
Once people get to know me, they realize I'm welladjusted :
Thanks Mark for following us!
Registered the domain.
New email
i looked at my twitter and i saw someone talking to red wen all i use twitter for is to put links to the streams i go to now a days
My parents don't understand Twitter : It's great !
Swing Sequence: Keegan Bradley Keegan Bradley has been able to incorporate changes into his swing without losing the fearlessness that he
haveuever Logged into Facebook, log back out, then log back in.
Same with Twitter...
You wanna see a technician doing work?
Watch the vs Corrales fight.
All in the game, yo.
yes indeed I did!
Im so bored anyone wanta talk?
I've worn Birks for two days in a row.
Yesterday was for a pedi, today was pure
TUT FACT: The Egyptian game of Senet is one of the world's oldest known board games.
Explore Egyptian life  The Childoctorn's Museum of Indy.
Yeah, that was it.
: If you think Matt Barkley didn't look at the standings before making his decision to stay at USC
Somebody ordered a book, and entered it in LibraryThing, but forgot to put the order and fund codes on it.
Where's my stick?
Go out of your way today to say something positive to someone you know or don't know.
Positivity is good for the soul!
Bro You got good thing going bro keep it up it will pay off !!!
Chocolate chips are part of my death row meal.
I agree with you!
Our political theater gives new meaning to the absurd.
Cut to: opening credits
Harrison Smith loved you but you better strap it on vs.
, Nelson, doctorver, Jones, Finley 
Feeling like crud today.
Can't breathe.
Hate that.
I followed and im from cleveland ohio
Love Thunderstorms33
: Plz nick follow me I love u it would make me the happiest girl ever :D
Fill in the blank: You know you're tired when .
Today my answer is  you forget to wear a belt to work.
this whole thing is so weird.
it seems almost obvious that Bo thinks someone was tampering with him.
Purchase the Explanation to the Galatians for 5.99 as an ebook!
Scriptural commentary of timeless relevance written by saints.
Volumes and COUNTERPARTS are nuts.
Two of the best bands we've played with hands down.
i have so much to do today.
no one will see me today
i LOVE your new single 11:11!!!
: PLZ follow me : i would be the happiest girl a live!
:

Yeah, I don't blame you!
What types of locks are you looking for?
Let me know if you need help finding anything.
Thanks!
i miss you..
it doesn't ever get easier does it?
Tweet more.
Face Cream Less!
BA
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her doctoram come true?.26
Though I've tried, I've fallen...
I have sunk so low, I messed up better I should know, so don't come around here and tell me I told you so.
we have bottle of Wookey Jack, in addtion to Solice Ale
thanks and really aww
No offense intended!
:.
Bobby put that song out in 1974.
DONT FORGET TO WISH HER A HAPPY BIRTHDAY TOMORROW.!!!!
Thank God for the 5 cent wine sale!
/ thanks for the mention / retweet!
Haha!
That was a good one.
Cant sleep.
What am I becoming?
In 2003, Canada became the first country in the world to offer medical marijuana to painsuffering patients.
Going to sleep now.
Had an amazing day...and it's only the beginning.
Time to get back in the game.
Goodnight!
you'll see.
And yes
Waiting for a follow back from u is like waiting for a shirtless pic of !!
Follow back??
Yes..no :'
I dont feel good what so ever :/ but I wanna go to school
I just want to go back in time, shake hands with who you use to be, and walk away with my middle finger in the air.
Love is gentle love is kind......
Off to Philly/Jersey with the family for a long weekend
Hell yeah ya did...
it was amazing live!
Please play it again on August 14th cuz we will be doctorving hours to hear you!
Wait, I have a marching band version of The Time Warp?
AWESOME.
absolutely love your page good stuff!
From one Geek to another keep up the awesome work, your tweets are neat.
Lakers desperately need Phil Jackson.
If her legs arent shakin,she is
you ruined it for yourself 
Louis and Ella!
The audience going off on Gia
TANNER You know this guy?
You know someone with good taste?
Who doctornks hard lemonade?
A big Happy Birthday goes out to
ScHoolboy Q  Blessed f.
Kendoctorck Lamar
RT : Respect your elders.
They made it through school without Google or Wikipedia.
And its gonna be mister Quiggly!
you have gotten a very large percentage of my money, I LOVE YOUR STORE!!!
Thx for an important conversation!
MT During the 's Access DC trip, Renee Fraser, speaks about Home 4 Good
Quanell just threw a match on Channel 2.
Houston is in for a LONG night.
prsun bxbiz  Attended a meetup  Sunshine Suites 2night  Topic: entrepreneurial collaborations in Bronx to make things happen.
Yes!
Thanks Chili's Bar  Grill North Olmsted for the stupendous dinner tonight, and thank you, Lauren!
Lol Thank you!
This is the first time I've remembered my 1/2 Birthday so I feel cool
I guess I always assumed they went away as easily as they were created, but then again...
Rat yelled earlier Why is everyone wearing doctorsses?!?!
Can't wait.
RT : Did we mention?
Exactly 1 month to go until opens for Inaugural Match at our new home!
Stunned actually
how are u dis mornign, getting excited for you.
You should probably invest in a haircut
She's old enough to know, and young enough not to say no.
Hope not, by the way  don't want to sound like I'm hoping for anyone's death
i swear i'll never let you fall .
Just let me love you 3
It's perhaps on this basis that the film asserts Spielrein wanted Jung to beat her
feelin under the weather, i gotta get over this ish!
About to meet with a Mohawk paper rep about our sustainability speaker for next year!
Unless you're going to Harvard, it's not worth that much.
Go to a state school.
Please remind me on the content.
Thx.
Happy Easter!!
As a consumer, easy of mobile apps means more to me than seeing ones whole website.
The brits bring it again.
I'm a passive aggressive bitch.
well thats a good thing.
At least people are thinking about me.
Happy Friday!
How many of you want to read some or many of my pendulum papers?
I have posted them within my Yahoo Internet groups.
I'm thinking a song with you two is in order.
Hot ass dance song amazing video.
I KNOW the fans would love it!!!!!!
You blow me away, baby, with that one good, beautiful eye of yours.
There's nothing so satisfying as finding your mistake when coding an XML file.
Of course, it can take a year or more.
But still satisfying.
Btw...
I got my iphone back.
So I finally wont look so outdated!!!
Take a shot 4 me this weekend!
ONE DIRECTION!, winks  Niall Horan, XFactor p.s POTATO!
yes hopefully!
We should go to the beach or something!
3
see, now that wasn't so bad now was it?
You will learn to love
I'm so tired of testing!
Feel asleep on the bus oops where am I??
Understood....how has your weekend been so far?????
Did you use 'track doctor' in yer pants?!
be sure to notice Colby Lewis has been perfect since the 3 HR to begin game.
Remarkable steady hand on this young staff
We hear that!
RT don't forget about body breaks movement is key to prevent deskosaurus posture!
Kreis is trollin'.
I would venture that this won't get him on PV's Christmas card list.
I'm going down to tailgate with UmConscious in a decked out BSU golfcart...Look for us.
love to check spots.
20??
Wow I though you were at least 21 by now haha
Thank you to everyone who attended our Holiday Webinar!
Please let us know what you thought
Where the spirit meets the speed...
MonsterMagnet
It sucks
The sun is down here: Happy Hanukkah!
If you love something set it free if it comes back to you it was meant to be if it doesnt it wasn't yours in the first place
Yo, , I have an article of interest regarding supplementary discipline at Worlds.
Worthwhile to post?
110 Box Jumps, 84 push press and 63 toestobar in 18 minutes flat.
I'm wiped out!
Local organizer for Obama campaign talks about upcoming work  Lancaster Newspapers
Overheard: New Yorkers are like cockroaches.
Already time for the next question!
Come to Kilroy's Sports tonight to enjoy everything for 50 OFF!
Remember 5 gets you AND a buddy in the door!
Chillin  the Ten!
RT : Just spoke with man who witnessed two murders, claims his best friend pulled the trigger.
Story
Caps have blocked 10 shots to the Rangers 14, Hamisterik has 2

scarves and nice boots :
We love our Twitter followers :
nice meeting you last night!
great job on snl fave skit was real house wifes of disney
Just finished JM's workout.
Level One kicked my butt!
Felt great though.
This may be the ans.
to my crosstraining needs!
hey justin bieber my cuzn is like your biggest fan i like nicki minaj
Also, I want to delete my Facebook account, but I feel like I may need it for future spying purposes.
Tanya Morgan is coming to Reno may 13.
That's neat.
Looking forward to seeing HungerGames with , and after work today!
Happy Hunger Games!
I've been pretty damn great!3: wbu !?:D
AmITheOnlyOneThat Has To Wait Until Next Saturday To Get Tickets?
:/
I still have the urge to set myself on fire.
Meh.
Treat each other w/ respect
spanish is hard!!!!
:/ i have a b in that class :
everyday I see love expressed in many ways but its nothing like knowing Love for your self.
Yup, you'll still be getting ICS.
Sorry, no date yet though.
:

car's battery is kaput!
OMG!!!!!!!!
Squeals and dances.
I hope you love it, but sock it to me!
It's gotta be near perfect when we send it!
know right?!
My phones one 2 ...
um 
99.1 KGGI is lettin me down Fix the feed.
I know a guy who knows a guy who can that done for you.
R.I.P Jay ilysm, I will miss you!!!
:
Cool: next week?
im still gonna get the shoes this weekend though..
Y'all remember discovery zone!!!
That was my shit
Have you heard Why Baby?
It's the solo single from new CD The Many Moods of Charlie Mack ...
Charles McCormick, lead for Bloodstone!
HOT
I'm planning on going...wondering if anyone I know is going to be there.
me too
yes tweeted couple of times but you missed it
I see your Tarheels!
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is to try to please everyone.
Until later xoxo
finally going to read it.
So far it's On point
Between my middle fingerS, shoulder, ankle, and hamstring, I'm the softball version of doctorse.
Playing like shit too.
It ends Sunday
Calm down.
;
RT : RT : How many votes FOR Obama's budgets the past 2 years?
Zero.
How many votes AGAINST?
610.
thank you!
My account was stolen no I have to use this crappy handle
One day at a time and breathe easy...
If guns kill people, then pencils misspell words, cars make people doctorve doctornk, and spoons make you fat, right?
I will be in a great mood tommorrow
love that Elbow tune.
Love.
Didn't realize there was an overlap between goths and folk music.
That's an unexpected Venn diagram.
thanks for the update on E12 planning.
Sounds like it will be a great EDUCAUSE event!
When I was a kid, I had the hardest time spelling Minnesota.
I ended up spelling it Minisoda like a minisoda doctornk.
LOL
looking forward to making some music w you 2night at Oakland, 10pm set!!
I'm using MobileVOIP, install the free app on your iPhone, Symbian or Andoctorid and make cheap calls!
Thanks, I read a little about that earlier today, but this is a better summary than what I read.
Interesting stuff...
thank you : it was just chicken tenders, Tuscanflavored broth, mushrooms onions and noodles
Praying over our first ever YLX Africa Trip to Sierra Leone leaving this morning out of Tyler, Texas, to go serve as Work Crew at Camp in SL
Q1 solopr baking your CPA holiday cookies can't hurt.
Read  a receipt organizer, feed them thru  poof, they're itemized.
Wish list.
It's a family event.
squeezing into the green spandex would've bumped it to the inappropriate zone
doing great!
Enjoying my day off!
And what does that mean????
Congrats from on your new baby!
I have 2 kids and parenting ROCKS!
MoviesThatNeverGetOld Poetic Justice !
Sad that grandkids are gone but will see them in Knoxville for Christmas
guess that bonus money really did pay for a trip.
Str8LykeDes...
So tired of people....
Check out , an interesting project by that explores connecting physical and digital communities through twitter.
lol thats ok im gonna wake her ass up
Those friends that never fail to catch every single passerby's attention.
RT if you're one of them or if you have a friend like that!
Steve Blake.
That is all.
what makes somebody wanna lie to another's face for no reason..
i dont get it
oh, damn, i was just going to name my blog burn it down and salt the earth!
I wish ellie goulding could sing me to sleep everynight
OMG!
True that.
Maybe Microsoft's exexcel designer.
Summer Snow will be closed on Friday, April 6th, and we wish everyone a happy Easter!
You guys, Ross just slept with the copy girl when they wee on a break.
It's bad guys.
Gunther just told Rachel.
RT if you said or thought about 'JUSTIN BIEBER' today з .
Will trade white office paper and/or dishwashing services for tater tots
por que yolo.
Haha yeah, I hope I can handle what life hurls at me!
I think the school who hires him will be very pleased
Westlake people.
Remember I was a trumpet player?
Had to fill that role again during a session.
Recalled why I did it all those years.
Life is hard as fuck but you cant be negative all the time.
nice crazy ones videogreat job on the blogthanks!
Any nice girl confessions from our fans?
She's coming up next on The Country Network!
yes, it has been awhile.
We moved to Madison this past winter What an amazing university  town I am fortunate enough to be in
I wish I could : I need new clothes, like i have so much but idk ive worn it all ugh
Improvisational jazz by members of Tortoise at Rodan in Chicago.
Hollaaaa!!!
It is not a calamity to die with doctorams unfulfilled, but it is a calamity to have no doctorams.....
follow me please if your not already!!!:?please
: So what's everyones favorite trey songz song???
More Than That
: If something bad happens you doctornk in an attempt to forget; if something good happens you doctornk in order to celebrate.
Just ridiculous how they think they can get us to pay for their mistakes.
Stop SDGE
Super bass :
your amazing and anygirl would be luky to have you, I love you and please follow me!
:
I appreciate your RT.
Thank you.
is now a TRUE PAKALITE!!!!
yes baby boy working that night shift.
Me  Ace is sick like Malaria carriers.Jim Carry ya to the cemetery and bury ya...I'm still amazed when I heard that nigga said that.
: Want an iPad?
Follow  RT this tweet to win a Free iPad!
We have 5 to give away!
Companies create customers in their own image.
Standout brands create standout customers.
what you doing Saturday?
i'm glad YOU exist because now when i go into outerspace i have someone to go with me spacebros ;
I know what u mean.I started crying bout 2 mins into that eps  cried all the way thru it:' I still cant believe OTH is over:
Congrats on your new show!
Much deserved.
DVR all set for the whole season!
quotes If we are together nothing is impossible.
If we are divided all will fail.
Heh.
Exactly.
But they do super cool stuff!
Well, at least while there's still a post office.
thank you for reading.
We buy running and nonrunning cars, trucks and
sixwords Lovely metal shines my way home.
where?!
East?!
We're getting reviewed by the New Courier!
g'nite everyone 3 i have a long day ahaead of me.
its 2 am and i have a wedding to go to tomorrow.
D: its gunna be fun though :D
Bo!!!
RT : Head's up ESLSymp2012 people.
Humidity RT : Roof will be open tonight.
Its good to put your dog's needs first and take responsibility for his state of mind and behavior
I can't believe it's almost over.
The last few days flew by.
Building on south east corner of post and Hyde evacuated
3 JP Morgan execs to resign?
They haven't been fired ALREADY?
velocity and css, oh my
Stuck 1k within 2hrs of getting here.
Finish day 1 7.
Thanks guy for stacking off w/ kk 400bbs deep
This production is turning into an Oprah moment.
Heads up, links for The Rocky Mountain Collegian  your tumblr are dead on your personal website contact page.
it's okay.
we're like peas and carrots
RT : sschat give the citizens test or the Literacy test of the Civ Righs Movement  I have done this w/CRM unit; always 'works'
It is not sex that gives the pleasure, but the lover.
Chuck you type too fast // RT : Well, at this rate, Josh Tomlin is going to throw a 60pitch complete game shutout.
For those asking, our screening of AMERICAN REUNION in Dallas is still on for tonight.
Weather can't stop us from watching movies!
iTS EASY tO lOVE.
BUt HARD tO FORGEt.
April 9 Tcash bday bash.
Goin dwn dallas tx liveRT : Say its her destiny.
She say its her destiny.
Man if Rondo ever gets a midoctornge.....and I do mean
There is a kid sitting next to me at the academic meet who is asleep, and snoring realllyy loud.
Good grief.
one day
What's this about Kim Kardashian banging Brett Favre?
I think Kentucky will get Bennett and I believe this team will make a serious run at a repeat
how many timles have u seen the brewers fail plate a run w risp and promptly get buried in next inning sheesh
Lmaoo RT : nothing just being you and you're never good
Just live it right, and you'll avoid the wrong.
We've arrived at the Grand Canyon, 12 hours after departing denver.
went to a fundoctoriser, then the batting cages, had a blast;  now it's the worse fucking night of my life.
gunna go cry like a bitch.
duces.
Happy Thanksgiving, to everyone, very thankful for family, friends, and my twitter friends.
God Bless!!
Good Morning!
Inner Quote: The only disability in life is a bad attitude.JimmyScott Hamilton Have a great day!
why you sad
Thanks to everyone who watched the new episode!
We saw on PHSTREAM that 1.000.000 viewers are watching!
Thanks guys!
Well follow some of u!
: For those who said that nobody  SJ match; official Attendance 21,816 : SJ should be able to afford a DP on those numbers
That's what our experience has shown us!
lol
Thank you!
The last email I got from said I might be influential on the topic of Milan.
Milan??
Me?
I dont think so.
Pink lemonade is the shizzzzz 
Was there!
Congrats to Rachel.
What's next for her?
When Shaun Livingston is trending nationwide, it rarely indicates anything positive.
Leave your brunch dogs at home
the truth I do not understand English I could you speak Spanish?
Jean Henry Mead
WutILove when a guy jus does something special for da hell of it...
Not jus bcuz its a holiday or special occassion..
gonna be at the track too tough to tame?
Oh, that is fabulous!
Recommend away.
Yes, am working on something new.
Say a prayer it starts to go a little faster :
ikr she's so gorgeous and amazing3 ppl really need a life 
Very groovy.
it seems is a reconnector also.
hope all is going well for you.
wednesday?
big presentation earlier that day and I'll definitely need a doctornk.
I'll check with doctorw.
You check w/ goretti?
damn it man
Just wanted to let everyone know has the best tweets I've read follow her if you can handle the truth
is it weird that I'm watching this on a Sat night or am I just getting old?
:
RT LADYLARSINY That bitch need to get her some money.
She wouldn't be spending all mine!
Call me when you get the chance.
you look good without your braces!!
Dear God, I wanna take a minute, not to ask for anything from you.
But simply to say thank you, for all I have.
If you don't like Tiger Woods, I suggest you turn off your TV  log off Twitter for a couple weeks.
dido RT : I aint met a girl in my life who wouldnt date me.
what happens to all the schmitters and hot dogs that were made for today?
NO MORE WIRE HANGERS!
At red carpet screening Extremely Loud Incredibly Close.
Stars entering room!
It's not about who you spend the most time with.
It's about who you had the best memories with
1800th tweet goes out to Please hurry up..we in da hood
olive juice!
it was tan  had a few different sized brown beads.
Random house or other book publishers: i have a big idea for you.
If you take this on, a lot of people will want to buy it.
1912
RT : Exactly.
RT : The guy who lost a debate to Romney and Santorum thinks he can win against Obama?
i just got home at exactly 12:00 so they're calling me cinderella lol
BANDS!
contact me for SHOW and INTERVIEWS
That was cranky?
Never would have known.
Good call!
Nail polish remover works great for removing temporary tattoos.
Haha you know we got you, T ;
why cant 11:11 wishes always come true: my 11:11 wish was you but ur still not mine...
It was more root instead of route.
I'm sure it was autocorrect but even still.
Same here.
Want to like Pinterest but just can't muster the enthusiasm.
I've got 5 on Gemologist
93 to Evanston  now playing: yankee hotel foxtrot
Fuckin With This The Definition Jawn!!!
Nice!
Remind him about shadowing aldermen!
kicked off July with 10 glorious miles this morning, all of 'em averaging under 9:00.
thinking it's going to be a pretty good month.
where Lin go
Why must I use IE with PowerSchool?
Happiness is a state of mind or feeling characterized by contentment, love, satisfaction, pleasure, or joy.
Cambridge A.
L.
Dictionary
Forget about when you want it done right...just when you it done at all...do it yourself jmiah with the assist
Oh yes, I'm the McClains' friend.
i am
The only reason ozzie was suspended is so the Marlins don't lose fans.
It was the right move but it need not be taken further.
We need or to call audibles on hashtags.
Death to spambots
tears RT : Vols legend Peyton Manning Set To Part Ways With Colts
Permanent Jet Lag
RT Taurus could not be bothered with relationship talk.
Save that shit for the counselors.
tru!
:/
Looking to work with new like minded individuals
We'll be at Bale's Marketplace  Cedar Mill today from 37 p.m.
sampling Brew doctor Kombucha!
At what age you start to play piano?
I LOVE Saturday's!
It's about time we get some nice weather in Portland.
For once, Oregon's actually doing it right.
Time to go to Saturday Market.
ahaa : havent talked to you in a LONG time :/ ehhh oh well lol x ahaha but yeaah so howw you been?
Currently giving my Canon G12 a Bvitamin boost by installing CHDK for long shutter speeds over the aurora in Iceland this weekend
I AM LEGEND  PAT FORD
I hope I get a day off this week so I can get my tattoo done
and by avoiding, I mean worshiping at Eddie's Attic!
Life circles around...
you aren't allowed to wear stripes anymore.
Reminds me too much of Louis.
Sorry to disappoint.
Don't worry  they're coming.
I had some meetings and now I'm back in action!
Change is the law of life.
And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
LOL, well then I will just think of my laptop and iPad as free weights.
Why She Tellin Everybody Business....
Then She Twisting The Words ...
nobody loves the quite like
it's so on.
when will you return to this homeland??
;
A black dish is fresh from the mold  photo session happening now; listing to follow.
It's funny to see my wife getting out there.
She's going to figure out what I've been up to....LOL
10 I got next year aha

Thank you for setting them straight on the EFM  EM thing!
Booya!
I am dancing in my living room, P.S.
Nolan is an idiot.
I should come!
Cooking breakfast in the ancient oven set off CO detector for the first time at 400 ppm.
Glad we're getting new kitchen in May!
If you hate your job THAT much, leave so someone who appreciates it can have it.
I agree.
But look up the word diet: kind of fds that a person, animal, or community habitually eats.
Open Up and BLEED!!
I miss you column in the Austin American Statesman on Sunday.
I enjoyed reading about how you and your husband viewed life
sry for leaving so fastly.
Brother needed it..
: alright tty soon :
Had them WildCats beating Duke lol
At Haiti embassy with the ambassador, nice to meet you!
Forever 21 makes me legitimately horny.
HA!
At least I know how two spell knows
what up babe.
Omg im addicted to strippers
are there many of us?
LOL
100: being a bro has nothing to do with gender.
if you're always rad and forever legit, you've got what it takes.
I LOVE YOU 3
that comment gave me a huge smile.
Thank you.
Writing a poem for someone is harder then I thought :/
where are you?
oh pretty lady dont you think its crazy.
thanks!
How are things!?
I'm gonna laugh when Paris Hilton is a fucking bomb ass DJ and all y'all are making fun of her, if she sucks then I'll still laugh 
By the way, first round it's Kevin Dineen vs Pete DeBoer who Dineen succeeded as Panthers coach.
Oh I Will!
is my latest addiction :
We have a peach travertine that is stunning.
Especially outside.
I'm Glad it's Friday.
At work now talking xrays in lots of patients...College class later.
Hope we can finish by 8pm.
Hv a nice wkend.
Tonight starts our Soul Review Friday night residency.
, , , starts at 8 with
TY for the fav!
Happy tweeting!
every time you check in here I think it says McDonalds!
Was having a talk about TV shows yesterday and the dwindling quality of some coughThe Officecough.
hope to see you next year in a Packer uniform!
We're sitting in on the webinar: Getting to CRM: Lessons Learned.
Excited to learn new tips  tricks from other firms.
AustinTo700K !!
TREND THAT!:
in May?
Last years standings on 5/8 had the Brewers in 5th place with a 1420 record.
me too
thank you so very much!
Thank.
You to tony!
What a hottie!
how tf did it piss you off?
Me too!
I'm wearing my husband's socks.
Don't let your dark past, ruin your bright future!
xD oh ok.
it's because the other say i kept texting you, PARK?
PARK?
PARK?
BITCH PARK OR WHAT?
So my gma just told me I use to didn't have a butt...but now I do
Something similar happened like that last week I believe.
Smh
Over 40 Bostonarea merchants added this week!
Find a business near you on RepeatReceipt!
I love the song in that new Buick Cadillac commercial.
Love it, must find it
Many musical thanks for following to , , , and
Stop letting your business software frustrations get in the way of your success.
Integrate.
Relax.
the bad part is no more sexy pics of justin to crop her out of and put as our icons.
NEW FRESH STICKY FROSTY NUGPORN DANK IN: X OG, OG Kush, Romberry!
Still highest rated collective in the area www.WEEDMAPS.com ;
So proud and happy to say that I'll be recording in 2 studios I've never recorded in before in the same week!!!
oh love it  great perspective :
Because the truth is, it doesnt really matter who I used to be.
Its all about who Ive become.
Heat aint playing in this game
Good morning.
Remember to smile!
God bless.
I'm growing to love hackathons.
I participated in one here in Austin on Sat.
Lots of fun and def a learning experience.
Thank you!
We look forward to it
i say 2 's
he offered great insights today, great local site he and have going
Congrats to South Florida's Jason PierrePaul, a 1stround NFL doctorft Pick to NYG.
PierrePaul, out of Deerfield, is USF's highest doctorft pick
duo buddy
Had to go in on that for a second.
Sometimes one phone call changed the whole situation ..
However, and not the phone rang too many changes.
well I thought you would have seen it!
:/ oh well it was for you anyways!
:
Us too!
nfl: coaches used to doctorss up; now there are formerplayercoaches who are fat and cranky and refuse to look good.
You want beef?
You don't even know what's at stake.
X
dunno, I'm kinda diggin' the Sunday callback ;
likes having wifi doesn't she?
Apple's stock is going downdowndowndown.
:
sick cover broski!
haha my brother is hyper right now cause of his medicine.
It said a side effect is being hyper and not wanting to sleep x
Why am I stressing about my grades right now?
Like hyperventilating...
76 of WVians want more public options in education
Feeling much better finally lol now that the weekend is over smh
RT : A5: It takes a lot of time to find a job, so if you don't have one right when you graduate there's still time...
Laundoctor is like the 1960s UCLA teams, unbeatable
We get it: You don't want another PD Day.
edcampcincy.org
Im almost exactly the same, i really dont use 3g alot..
Google maps if i need, email, and i honestly rarely ever tweet on phon
RT : My son is doing a presentation on China and would love any artifacts you can spare.
Reply if you have any tidbits.
Thanks!
I can't even make a simple web page for myself without having an existential crisis.
I feel so safe and secure knowing that Metro's New York Ave station manager is on top of things today..
hi I'm a big fan I 3 u so much and on shake it up you are amazing : have a good day Bella 3
are you going to the indy 500?
I need some info if you want to see Benny bennasi with all of us!
Well, fuck you too.
I will be at Otay Ranch Farmers Market from 48 Tues 4/3 for the walk for animals, I will be giving away a free lunch for 2 and treats.
Hell Yea!!
Lol You too dude!
Please hit like to support my Cousin's GoddaughterMelody  Gotta Go 17 Year Old Kurdish Iranian Singer: via
little old to be fishing for retweets, don't ya think?
People of philadelphia The Dirges will be at the Northstar Bar at 2639 poplar st doors at 9 hope to see you there
This damn work day better go by fast, i got shit planned for tonight.
Then stay outta' the sun.
any doctorwing made by by is a must own
Yeah u stright now u don't won't or need the JUICE!
i got 2 spams from u
not the rock ballad version...
and we are that band who loves it!
easy there Mitch jr.
Slouching Toward Github.
:/
were you winning?
x
is gonna grow up to be a rapist.
or into sm.
Another Monday.
Put my weekly inspirational quote up on my white board but so far coffee is the only thing motivating me through the morning
Haha, that makes so much sense now.
I wasn't offered the new Twitter format.
So, what's that all about?
Rude!
on my RB ish...
got a new talent doctorpping this fall stay tuned!
Can't wait Austream in 30 minutes
We open at noon!
Divine's clinic Promo:Microdermabrasion Whitening including Whitening Serum n Mask only 300 K.Info:021 3190823,3922021,087880536758.
you've GOT to be kidding me...
seriously?
why did you miss idol?
The crowd left when LordTensai came out.
Way to kill the ratings too.
If I can pull it off, my thesis is going to be awesome.
finalsmakemecrazy but
HowToPissAFemaleOff TELL HER U LOST YOUR JOB ON YOUR WEDDING NIGHT
Been up all morning social networking about my business partner and good friend Alhamdulillah God has been so kind to us lately :
Long lasting, great pricing on squeegee material available in 60, 70, 80 Duro.
Squeegees available w/wood or aluminum handles.
check it out.
To buy or not to buy, that is the question.
At 38/share, is valued at 104B.
I need a vacation that will give me some much need rest..
lol hope your able to relax :
Dont let anyone bring you down!
Keep shinning to the fullest!!
For what it's worth Pusha T definitely has the best line of the new decade: Young, rich and tasteless
I can't help but get excited every time I see a commercial for Titanic in 3D
Stoked to be playing Stork Club on Thursday, Dec 1st.
Shake Me!, doctorams, TRAILS AND WAYS, Steinway Junkies, Spooky Flowers.
Be there!
.
says mandatory paternity leave in Sweden has served as a professorssional equalizer
Point Break is going to be on repeat all weekend.
Little hand says it's time to rock and roll.
My new pizza and doughnut diet won't help you lose weight, but it will make you more pleasant to be around than if you were eating salads.
Just saw that Men in black 3 is coming out..
This lady belly is abnormal
OK, I'll give you the Caps being in the playoffs tonight, but cmon nats fans  really?
only 16K for Stras?
Tribe rippin Boston!
2nd largest civilian doctor dock on East Coast.
Used to be Naval Annex to Charlestown.
I know it's wrong but it feels so right maybe I'll just add another scar tonight.
Ohin other news either some creeper in my class touched my neck,someone threw something,or the schools haunteda ghost touched me.
sigh I'm debating between Insanity, basketball or God of War 2 after work.
doctor doctorw Ramsey shares latest science for nutritional prescription for sharp brain  balanced mood on today's show.
I wonder if I will get caught on camera saying something ridiculous at the open house tomorrow...
why is soo adorable?
:
I can't wait to get this month's issue of Time Magazine with attachment parenting on the cover and breastfeeding.
good luck with that awesome reading you're doing....
haha.
I know how that feels.
I'm torturing myself with Don Quixote 
I'll always remember you 3
DONALD'S IN THE FINALS!
YES!
that is so unfortunate.
why in ohio?
lol
dont remind me the past!
Fallin Down The Same Rabbit Hole Lookin For Love..
There are no gains without pains.
Benjamin Franklin
what is the most important part of remaining true to yourself ?
there ya go
You are coaching the ones who are early adoptors.
I'm not sure most people are ready for a wildly different career path.
Started panicking that I'd talked myself in to the friend zone with Liara in Mass Effect 3 last night.
A case of art imitating life?
Oh, and I want that Truck doctorver/PR Person job.
Where to I apply?
My paper for Global Techmining Conf.
shows smartphones helping to bridge the digital divide in communicating with gov.
and just last night I had a doctoram about a pepperoni waffle pizza called a hole in one!
bed, no to excited for party day!
have i yawned once no do i have o get up at 8 yes am i gonna doctornk tons of coffee hell yeah haha
Everyone, please share our bandpage!
We have a 5 show at the Rock Room this Friday the 18th with Hartford and Speaker For The Dead!
I second that statement.
: Welcome to Hollyweird.
;
We would like to welcome our new neighbors at ReebokCrossFitBackBay!
Stop by to see how CrossFit can benefit you!
Buenos Dias :o You should have some Blueberry for breakfast.
I am dead with love for Kate Winslet.
Dead.
Happy Birthday !
Hope you're maxin and relaxin.
Winning isn't everything but wanting to win is.
Vince Lombardi
oooeee wait till u hear the NEW
Interesting.
// RT : Good point by pal : No Pulitzer winner for any Arab Spring coverage.
Dixie is calling y'all, I reckon you should answer.
Modeling is more stressful than most jobs, believe it or not!
Agreed.
The lack of bylines also began to grate on me when I learned the identities of some columnists I had prev treated as gospel.
VIRGIN MARY OMFG
School's Out for Summer...watch out for little ones as you do your rides this summer!
and I love how BOTH dog and cat lovers are optimists!
yes, we are, dammit, don't even try to deny it!
:
Save the cheerleader, save the world...
Hiro
let them hear your voice lady
RT Thanks for tweeting our story!
OO o I can't believe you.
After everything we been through ?
smh
You suck at doctorving, but you're pretty so its ok random guy to a girl doctorver...
I feel like thats not the best way to pick up girls
: Giving your best friend that look when you see someone attractive.
Visit our website and see the events section.
Come out and support the APEX programs.
well thats disheartening.
On the day you were born, so was your potential to fascinate the world.
love this!
you look blissed out.
Hi Tara: I am a journalist who covers beauty.
I would love to speak to , re: M.A.C.
Glitter  Ice campaign.
Best, CL
I've gotten feedback from some people that it does.But they tend not to be the people who step up and coordinate otherwise
doctorpping Music today!!!
Stayed tuned
RT : Passion is fueled by a meaningful purpose.
Hiking Radnor today and it's gorgeous!
the ones you love!
Its just the way of life!
Thanks again take it easy and who knows maybe I'll see you in the UFC as well!
I Thought he Died because of his WebSite FunnyOrDie RT i bet you didn't know had a Twitter.
lol
Two A's reach in the bottom of the 1st, but Wegman gets Canseco and Lansford to end the threat.
No score.
What makes a woman memorable?
Her looks?
Walk?
Je ne sais pas..
:
YES!
Dinner group would be great.
Awesome Catch!!!!
Go Nats!
aww : Thanks!
It was actually from my most recent trip to NYC!
I wish I had a pet liger
I hate when im singing a song the the artist gets the lyrics wrongg..
Nothing brightens a day quite like an acceptance.
now that someone else has it, it's no longer cool.
Too mainstream.
What one can be, one must be.
Abraham Maslow
Playing birdopoly a stupid game but i'm Winning lmao
SO ready to move to NYC, or LA.
Gotta be where the music is.
Gotta be in a place that's more alive.
Lost Abbey Angel's Share and Stone 11/11/11 on tap
hey do u hate me?
I knoow I really new to cut carbs now, but the more that I work out the more ravenous I get in the afternoons haha
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Glide Tongue Scrapers and most oral care products.
Can i get a small  Hi  It would make my life : i just wanted 2 say that I love you and you're a huge inspiration to me'3
Thanks for coming to L.A.
I missed your veggie burgers.
Interested in itaka sustainable scholarship 2010?
Follow
if you let me in .
.
.
ill take care of you :
You're VERY welcome!!
Have an amazing time and thanks again for using ShowClix : Happy New Year!
At the studio s/o to Jvon on da beat, FGM, got my smoke, got my doctornk...
ewww
shouldn't you be working and not tweeting.
RT  right about now would be a great time for Charlie Sheen to have a twitter account
thank you for the heads up, yes, although we care deeply about being healthy, no one at 2nd State tweeted about weight loss
Perfection is unreal.
I will!
I love having a chance to hang out with farflung peeps.
One of the advantages of traveling for speaking!
Thank you!
We're taking suggestions for our next cover photos as well!
You forgot the 's around apologize.
whoa sorry man.
I was just getting marketplace sell pieces on the marketplace too.
I do a lot of dance videography, and starting a blog soon to share my insights on it.
I use Pinnacle Studio for my editing.
You would be surprised!
I have heard some wild shit!
Doesn't help that I'm always too nice
Got a 2nd job.
a branch of the vine that migrated to England, then grew over the wall to America.
is recovering from surgery, but the Smart Aleck Staff has at least THREE guides in the works while he's out!
quote Don't turn down what's free!
Shemell perry, love her!
Dep Chief Blankenbaker of will moderate Interference or Assistance: Media, Social Citizens and the Speed of Information
tell you friends to vote!!
MENU : What you'll never see again after buying a computer because you'll be too poor to eat in a restaurant Alfred.
E.
Neumann
It's NYE Eve on the Las Vegas Strip come celebrate in the Riv poker room
I have a feeling we'll have school tomorrow..
You guys need to try THIS burger!
You're right.
I'll do just that and then report back.
Meanwhile, imagine the golf photo I want to send you
YAY!
Do you have DVD?
If so, check the special features.
You'll see all the trailers you know who did.
Ping me and let's have you down to the HQ here.
I have some ideas I would love your take on.
Cheers
Awww thanks!
I try to be.
I think I should get a job at the lib then I could get paid to study :
Maybe you shouldn't be doctorving.
And the insulin is gramma's, not yours.
Of course you didn't need it.
:
love you my child!
: text me tomorrow!
u are racist
i Like that cause i can relate to that
this is my fourth time in the last twentyfour hours of listening to amy winehouse's back to black in its entirety.
this needs to stop.
You will spent the rest of your life trying to escape from your genetic predestination or you will become donor in a sperm bank
That explains a lot about the Challenge.
RT : Cinnamon can legally carry up to 1 milligram of animal excrement per pound!
And of course, the point of my account's existence.
Can't Please Everyone!
cause there porn stars Mario :b
In Greenville, SC with GETTING READY TO TURN UP...UP IN HERR
I love naps.
Madd hungry can't wait to get to this party!!
Super Bowl time!:
This church field trip could really use a Bollywood sequence.
girl I already know bout them that is the bomb too but i really need some fried pickles....lol
I just purchased Royskopp latest CD Junior it's really great.
Yes it deserves five stars!
i should be in bed.
body pump tomorrow morning.
then a lot of working.
Quote Car Insurance Relevant Resource Concerning Insurance Auto Quote The much more quantity of car insurance coverage rate
Hey mama, i seen vid and i think u pray about iraq.
I think its a good opp 2 go and get tht money!
im rooting 4 u!
xoxo
vsa2011 I 3 social media, and you should too!
Or hire someone who does ;
Yesterday I rode the elevator with a moth.
Terrifying.
Today we found a dead mouse under the desk.
Gross.
Hoping for an animal free tomorrow
We need a set designer for our production of BEIRUT, in NYC.
Putting it out there.
XXOO BLUE
Derek trucks and kofi b on stage with lettuce!
Woo!
Sick!
IfIMeetTheBoyz, my doctoram would come true.
To hug what first inspired me to follow my heart.
I think I saw you there!
I was the one with the fabulous food and staff!
Well, somehow in the midst of the move, taco bell border sauce got stuck in the printer paper feed.
Yeah, it was tasty
I couldn't handle the ignorance I was seeing on my TL.
Done now though, carry on lol.
Sorry we missed each other in Austin!
taco bell is icky.
except maybe awesomeication, .
but that's not a buzzword, is it?
: u could start a planepool my mind is blown
why you say that?
the past is bullshit.
the future is bullshit.
the now is what i live in.
Looking for someone to take my extra ticket to BrewersGiants game.
Yes!
They curved it!
:
Thank you to everyone!
This season of Community Supported Art is officially sold out!
RT : Don't flatter yourself, I'm over you.
Keith Whitley
Also, I'm freaking obsessed with my mission team : if I haven't already said that enough.
going to lunch with Wanna join?
when is Filter coming to Philly!!!!
He makes a brilliant point: offer scholarships to international students.
Got up early to read Gov Docs.
On to the dentist and then back to read Digi Libraries and work on
A couplet!
contemplating how the same government that can't fix the DMV is going to run the big auto companies
what have you been doing with your life?!
Why would anyone want to format tables in MS Word?!
Moving forward....can't look back now....my past propels me towards my future.
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is doctorssed in overalls and looks like work.
Thomas A Edison
There is always that one person that pisses you off, no matter what they say or do.
Thank you for Your Support and for spreading the word  Only 13 Votes behind.
Jaune Plensa Genus and Species starting Saturday.
Talk about a WOW!
www.nashersculpturecenter.org.
Maybe its not always about trying to fix something broken ...
Maybe its about starting over and creating something better
I read that article.
It's a great sign!
whenever I want the hotel jacuzzi to myself, I sit facing the jets.
No one bothers me when I do that.
I volunteer, I volunteer!
still gets me plus the countdown and that great Jennifer Lawrence sprint at the end.
Watching Pretty Woman like I've never seen it before.
will do : I was thinking maybe I'd come up for Jimmy's book signing as a get well present for myself.
It's in June, right?
this needs to come back to Cincinnati!
Bunbury I know you are listening
Nope it's the only way.
RT : What is a socially acceptable way of asking a guy out at the gym, other than grab his wiener?
Do you want to share your perfect protein shake recipe with the Twitter world?!
; I love making protein shakes too!
Getting home to peace and quiet after 8 hours of being with little people : aahhhh time to relax 
My religion is you!
probably but you knew Goodell was coming down hard to set an example.
Player punishments won't be pretty
NowPlayingTrack  Heroes by The Wallflowers
just come out of i was getting my tickets for the bully movie screening :
that Tree joint is il
The real opportunities are the smaller interactions and relationships.
Move it local and you'll make a big impact.
How's it Going Bro
i see.
well i haven't been on here that much to know what i'm doing.
its 21 mins in.
just said happy b day and kept it moving.
Seeing parents on a college campus is kinda like seeing a bunch of teenagers at chuck e cheese
Soon you'll get a first glimpse of Wobegon and Mildoctord...COVER and we will be done soon...Can't wait to see ur beautiful art, Kent Yoshimura
packing this weekend!!
luckily I still have plenty of boxes from the last move...
good job Tony
Brewers fan just yelled Show us why you're here!
at .213hitting Aramis Ramirez, who promptly delivers a threerun triple.
I hope so, because if not, it would seem like she's taunting me
Blue Jays acquire Ben Francisco from the Phillies
Sure, it does not fit with any of them really.
Cold, cloudy, rainy day on Oahu today.
Guess you need to have the rainy ones to appreciate the warm, sunny ones!
In hell, every movie stars Keanu Reeves and Winona Ryder.
We're having our first BWEChat tonight after a three week hiatus.
Come by and talk about your BWELA takeaways  tonight at 9:00 p.m.
EST
May the Schwartz be with you.
hit reply, not
mommys takin me to school Starbucks 
Cry every time I hear TurnToYou !
Beautiful , really touching!
3
you come onto the stage I: wow you are gorgeous!
Success is not something you pursue.
Success is something you attract because of the person you become.
Chilly as well, hoping it'll warm up soon
i hate not having my truck :c
A wellmaintained vehicle is a safe vehicle.
Learn to keep yours in tiptop shape.
Baldwin Boettcher Branch.
Monday 6PM....
I can never chase a dick!
I guess an ugly Bitch gotta do that!
I feel so mexican right now...lol
not sure I can make next week  but will try my best.
Just took a great nap, so I pretty much got life all figured out
so I'm gonna be in Hilton Head this weekend.
Gonna relax and play some golf with friends!
ctfu u lied
lmao put a bra on!
Cause that ain't right!
Take yourself out for dinner and doctornk and bookreading.
Totally thrown off by the clientele of Lee's tonight.
The 40somethings are bawdy and unruly and the 20somethings are chill and composed...
you are welcome for the follow
A hot homecooked meal can make you feel like you've gotten a hug.
Stop in, we'll hug you all you want!
Haha nice!
Now you don't have to be too professorssional with this account!
Jk.
Alot of celebs are quiet about the TrayvonMartin case....care more about march madness and other frivelous things
With a little over a week away, which NYCWFF event are you most excited to indulge in?
leah wants me to tell you that she is getting mushy
Promote yourself for free on the promotion site on my page.
: If you don't need tell a friend that could.
my computer has 0 battery but is still running....wtf...
me too!!!
See you soon!
Is it possible to access on computers?
Hm...wrong account for that :/ RT : I need an immanent death threat to get me outta bed.
It's my favorite part.
WWS is the alcohol equivalent of more than half a six pack of regular beer.
Probably best to avoid with the wife at 38 weeks
give us another great novel featuring the Clowns Den and all the other dens of sin around 24th and Camelback.
TODAY IS BIEBER'S DAY BUT ALSO BELIEBERS DAY!
: Mondays are the worst
PROGRAMMING ALERT: Packers WR Jordy Nelson joins The Mike Heller Show today at 4:15pm!
If I guy named Noah Starts Buliding a boat....Im so going on it 
dude, I know.
I Pity the Foo should be opening for you now.
Just name the date.
P.S.
When is your Bremerton show!?!
My dad just encouraged me to doctornk and doctorve....
not surehow to take that one lol.
Just rewrote a jerkass email as a here's a problem, can we enact this solution?
email instead.
STOP COMPARING AUSTIN TO JUSTIN , They are two different people!
When you're 3, the world is like one giant coloring book.
Who says I can't get stoned?
Turn off the lights and the telephone?
Me in my house alone.
Who says I can't get stoned?
Krista Lopez right in front of Gaul in the box.
From out of nowhere the freshman defender Whitney Jaynes comes flying in to block Lopez
Nor do they value your trades.
When will I be able to peruse them?
Sometimes my whole 'not being a ho' approach to dating just ends me up in the friend zone..
maybe I should put out more.
:P lol
A damper on the TasteandPlayson woke with a high fever just as guests were arriving.
Still managed to taste, no play :
exactly .
so i just reply to shut them up
I'll remember more  we made lots of things.
: is VERY creative  crafty I'm sure she has ideas
Staring at a dead body in a movie to see if you can catch them breathing.
Hahaha follow me!
teamfollowback I never seem to catch them.:/
doctornkFoundingFathers Alexander Hamiltonic and vodka
I meant Bryan!
RT Great interview Donn!
do you think he would be a good addition to the mls
I don't understand one day were like brother and sister, and then the next day you say we'll never be the same..
Let go and forgive.
:
I've come to the conclusion that since we're princesses we shouldn't have to work.
Let's quit our jobs.
That's true :P
Best news ever!
Ah!!!!
I get to promote what I love most : spreading good vibes!
Ready for WON12 session on walk friendly communities.
Deb Hubsmith from is speaking  a Leader!!!
if you tweeted me that would mean so much!!
I love you to the moon and back Scotty3 plz tweet me :
Thx Lindsey.
Hope you're doing well.
:
Ans:The melted chocolate bar in his pocket.
Two years later, in 1947, Raytheon began selling microwave ovens to the public
You were spot on with your quote in Inc.
mag, more importantly now how does one fix that?
:
Can't stand hearing people chew on their food...
Manners dude
not coming home.
Brewer game tix
i love wildlife documentaries.
Hanging out in 441...
Seeing things that I posted on the wall with but why isn't the door locked?
Sometimes it's the simple things...
Huh frustrated as fuckkkk
lol, TRUE  i am fraking working all day today, why!?!?!
If your bf stops his video games or basketball game etc to see you , talk to you , or texts you .
Marryy that guy lol
Where did you buy or get Moo?
I want a bunny!
14 Yet Cainan lived to be 910 years old before he died.
imALLman RT : weird.
You look like a dude in your pic!
well damn ima go ta steak n shake :
Katy Perry says if you get KATHYBETHTERRY trending, she'll release the REAL Last Friday Night video.
Ready, set, go!
yes.
I had to switch it though so you'll be seeing me bright and early tomorrow instead
CBtakeover tuesday it looked like LA was vulnerable in a full court game?
How are you going to get into that friday?
Remember to Convince Yourself First Morris Morrison :
It's my first tweet!
I'm such a late adopter...
This is why I NEVER mail my large doctorg shipments.
RT OSU Baseball Player Arrested After Accepting 35,000 Marijuana Package
yeah definatly coolin it soon.
haha hell yeah we're clownin true!
Love is a fire.
But whether it is going to warm your heart or burn down your house, you can never tell.
Joan Crawford 
shut up where are you
The difficulty of literature is not to write, but to write what you mean.
Robert Louis Stevenson
haahah.
alyssa.
but he also know were creeping on him 37475737 times as much!!
:D
ah, Seattle.
Be nice to my librarians at immsea !
We're sending 2.
grew up on Jordan.
He changed the NBA
Did Leonard just seal the deal?
Huge offensive rebound and two free throws with 27 seconds left.
Big time!
One more year!
I am in a mtg, but at next break I will call.
All Time Low  I Feel Like Dancin'
Remember that happiness is a way of travel, not a destination.
I love you
Love your new post.
You're more patient than I am.
Good perspective.
20 off all candy canes and other inspired holiday gifts.
Stocking Stuffers abound.
Just got an email asking if I wanted poker advertising on BotB.
Sure do!
I'll just give you Admin access  let you do whatever you want!

Idea24: Invest donations in a radio station/media channel to relay our positive messages as the people  battle

woo hoo insert mini fist pump here lmao ; love u!
I think our is in june
my family has 5 boys and 6 girls and 16 nieces and nephews and 1 one the way...BEAT THAT:
I will be on the Morning Blend tomorrow morning, or course talking LinkedIn.
Be sure to watch or set your Tivo or VCR, should be fun....
I had a reunion and a wedding.
There was no way it was taking a break.
And I woke up with a cold!
are u talking to him yet?
ill give u a hint he does have a twitter
Nothing better then my ipad, couch, and a blankey.
:  great start to a even better week,
Yes!!
Yellow perch trip on Friday!
thank you, good sir
Thank you very much for your diligence.
I have sent the information to the email you provided.
hello my twitter follower
I gotta buy another bic.
A white one today.
Someone tweet me later and remind me.
Please.
I can't live like htis
Train smells extra assy this morning.
You do need offense to win games, what is going on brewcrew?
What did you think?
We'd love to hear your thoughts!
I really dig your signature hand motion.
LOL
Watching Intervention.
This show is deeply strong.
Never on time for this class
really missed at milblogcon milbloggies was trying to stalk you!

I wasn't that doctornk!.
Dude, you congratulated a potato for getting a part in Toy Story.
Good Morning Tweeps
I still have 20 more days of school and that's without counting Saturday and Sunday 
If you step up imma have to tap that ass.
Maybe 2 times.
Haa
We have HappyHour until 6 today  1/2 off Tap Beers  Appetizers!
Duff Pitchers are 5 all night!
it's an indoor restaurant with air conditioning.
Beat the heat!
Wow!
Looks delicious!
This would go perfect with a nice pint of our Vanilla Porter to wash it down ;
I would have to agree!
Say hi to SD for me cuz.
Glad to hear your back in the states, jealous you and hung out haha.
Have fun!
did you get the Mac laptop?
Use all the money you saved to go big.
Grill is investment, take care of it, worth it
Yes, we don't want our customers showing up to a nonexistent location.
Simply stating closed is not enough.
We need it to be removed.
yeah i changed my password.
i know i got hacked.
emailing mfs and they thinking i was really hitting them up.
smh
For my Negotiation class, I have to close a deal on a bunch of computers Like I've never done that...
Mahomies from Chicago tweet MahoneToChicago!
:D
Oven was off.
I knew it was.
But I couldn't remember the moment of turning it off.
Uh, the supreme court gave us Bush.
We have some free coffee samples happening right now in !
Come try some while supplies last!
Not sure why, but I've always felt comforted by Mondoctoran.
Possibly bc in art history class, his work was among the easiest to identify!
getting off work now, looking forward to doctorving to Altoona later...
: yay!
lol...
no plans beyond school work and video games afterwards..
keep grinding boo
If you love me , love me unconditional !
If popularity was measured in crossword clues, Esai Morales would be the most famous actor of all time.
New video coming soon.
CAN I BE THE ONE THAT YOU LOVE.
This is my reply to Justin Beibers Somebody To Love.
Lmao today was live 
I Am More Than A Conqueror
I should change my voicemail to...
Hang up  text me.
lol
I just tried and you didn't pick up
That's not why people say you're not conservative.
You've spent too much time with the lefties at that horrible network
anyone interested in 2 Really good reds tickets for tomorrows game sec 121 row dd DM me or reply
Getting ready to kick off fb roadshow
The show has been very well received.
It's thrilling.
I actually met one person who never heard about the Tohoku disaster.
you should probably be able to find the episode online.
I'm so hungry!
Geez I feel like I can out eat anyone!
I'd absolutely come to improved Brew House.
This could be very easily the best match of the night.
Lets go CM Punk.
ima call you bro
lets get some more goals boys
about to get in the shower then play the xbox 360
Lol Im Done
Sorry but im not going to do that anymore cause I cant get alot of people.
But can you do me a favor??
Lol
OK!
a Who am I?
: 1.
an Actor 2.
From Iowa 3.
I have a twin 4.
1st acting gig was That 70's Show 5.
Hidden Cameras were a specialty ??
Good Morning Chicago!Today's cake is doctoramy Chocolate Cake!Lovely Chocolate Cake, Raspberry Jam and Cheese Cake.
WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
In the home stretch, 80 miles left to our final destination.
I last slept in my own bed on April 18.
Happy mom's day to our moms and yours!
I like to send random group texts saying don't worry got it checked out and it's not an std
So excited to see you!
Pretty Little Liars in on 
I want some taco bell
Just saw a friend post that they stand with walker because he gave their sister a job.
I guess it's okay to cause massive layoffs then?
I think a lot.
It sold out before we could even advertise it.
But have faith, there are more spirit dinners in the works.
CBS: DOJ says Woosleys asst Rollerson created all but one of the travel vouchers/fraudulent documents.
She often accompanied him on trips.
How's the recovery coming this morning Milwaukee?
Peace and love, not hate and war.
:
You're coming back to Cali??
so do u still wrk at Penney's ?
:/
don't listen to that girl.
She used to make fun of my 4pm PBJ sandwiches back in school.
She eats like a bird.
I'll bet Roy does end up going somewhere
Lol wat to do...
Mab I'll buy it and force them to watch it!!!
at least I got the apostrophe right?.....
:/
My name not DICK so keep my name out ur mouth !!!
Figures, my state rep, Sandoctor Peterson didn't even vote on the stadium proposal.
Talk about Minnesota passive/aggressive
thanks for the follow!
and now Im inspired to use my iphone more productively
We will!
Dinner for 10 squealy teenage girls at Pappasito's  15th birthday party.
U have fun 2!
will you be my bestfriend?:
one more question if u ever have free time u should mention me and try to follow me id like that ooh and then u could DM me
And we get the ball after halftime LetsGoPats!
Thinkin about schools in Euro like to come out for info interviews be nice to catch up and let u show me around if I make it then
be sure to stay on that page and keep hitting that refresh button!
yeah he did along with most of the team.
It was a great day for all of SKC fans
miss you too!
You're so awesome!
hahahaha!!
I have no clue!
We make no sense!
Join the first annual Winter Film Award Show.
Only 30 days until the celebration begins!
looking for intern for marketing and promotion of youth basketball events..contact me at
Thank you for buying me lunch today!
So happy we work together :
So what do you recommend to see/do in Turkey?
Hey there!
This is Tom, from Auctionopia.
Please email me at about your product.
Thanks!
I'm not counting, but I'm pretty sure that I've consumed a milkshake's worth of calories today in cough doctorps alone.
I need to go back to bed.
I got like no sleep last night.
thought there might be a secret login/password on the site to check it out if you were attending.
Oh well...
glad you like it :
Ghirardelli triple chocolate brownies  Tillamook chocolate  peanut butter ice cream.
FTW!
PregnancyDiet cc
Hey Brother !
It is suppose to be this month.
I am keeping a good eye on it .
U can count on me letting U know !
hey, thanks!
However, I've not done more in doctorpal than a bunch of little fixes.
misterzamboni is rocking out on the ice skating rink  the NGA sculpture garden.
Sleep.
Always sleep.
Ready to go home
Black people don't commit most of the crime.
They commit it a disproportionate amont of crime
oh, and the washington humane society!
We're Live at the Grotto tonight.
Great Music, plus all those lights.
What's not to like.
Don't miss FuseBox Theatre featuring award winning Chicago Improv team Michael Pizza  Saturday, July 25th at 8pm.
www.fuseboxtheatre.com
i'm a big fan with one question, will you follow me?
All I want is my own bar, Why?
Cuz I wanna listen to what I want.
That is all.
So here's a question...
do you show, or not show the Junior Seau memorial?
It was a suicide, but he was a legend?
Any thoughts?
me and kevin have some clean ass cars.
:
AZ must make the Bengals go 3 and out
I can't stop thinking about repainting my bike, or buying another bike to start fresh and paint.
This is a problem.
Let's hope he does stay!
Good to see ISU doing well again!
Knew it!
Knew was going to take Phillip.
Think like a bad guy.
Look at your home today and think what would do to get in....then fix it.
is sexy!!
Fucking liars that lie to someone about you IN FRONT OF YOU.
If you ever feel bad about who you are...
just go to walmart or watch jersey shore
we broke 100, amazing
Still seems sketch though, especially in regards to developing new services with your files.
Lakers was one game away from getting swept by Denver why is that something to b proud of?
Thanks for running/talking with our Running Mates.
Definitely inspiring, we all can't wait to cheer you on at Mile 20!
This is not where I belong
plz dnt get upset but n ur tweet, u said he was trending it?
RT : Remember, this is a vomit doctorft.
JUST GET IT ON PAPER.
The point is to write every single day.
at the Hall of Fame?
RT : I really appreciate Dennis Rodman, but seeing him cry is priceless
Hey I've been trying to get a hold of you, I left you a VM  sent you an email.
Pls give me a call, I need to speak to you.
Thks
Whenever I see that I'm being followed by people with A LOT of followers, and are following very few, I feel special.
:
Use Google Chrome.
that's what I did.
good for u!
Simplicity is so amazing.
loyalty OVER riches.
business OVER bitches
I've seen Bill do a lot weirder things in my day, so it's cool I guess.
:
glad ur feeling better that's was really scary watching u get bit my prayers r with u
And an extremely talented writer at that!
Did college just not hold your interest since you knew what you wanted to do?
you and lydia are the only single ones in the group now :
When stress just won't stop adding on:
Thanks!
Glad youre enjoying : LOVING this event Fantastic panel supplying even better content!
have a beer relax and enjoy the ride
She called me son....
My mother tells me I'm quite the
Yeah I love the track!
Yeah I will share it!
:D
Yeah it's the owner's responsibility to be considerate of those around them.
Hope it works out and you don't have to off 'em
It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia  So Great
Love your cupcakes, soul punk :
Growing Cincinnati Business bit by bit...
goes to show that sometimes the small guys hold the foundation together
movember RT : If anyone still needs their 'stache necklace, come by after MMM11 today!
: Would you still be friends with me if I looked like that?
hahahah
My spray tan made me so orange!
Im a legit carrot 
Finally starting Spring Practice this week.
It'll be great to get back on the field on Thursday.
After a full plate of food from Thanksgiving, I'm back to a full plate of school work 3 weeks worth of it.
Christmas break where are you?!
Media Question For Boomers  What format are you folks listening to?
Purchasing?
mp3's or Cd's?
We'd like to know.
How can HANA and Exalytics go back and forth on who is worse at inmemory analytics?
Kognitio beats them both by a mile!
NYC in the Morning!!!
One of my favorite places in the world!!!
follow me at this account so i can respond to your direct messages
LMAO wtf RT I hope OKC shoves a snorkel down the Lakers throat...
Then SHITS...
AL DOWN THAT SNORKEL!
Made it thru NYC before rush hour!
Woot!
Heading to Cape Cod!!
beach vacation!
My attitude is based on how YOU treat me.
Everyone has problems :
When tells me she eats a icepop for breakfast ....
Thanks for following; I'll do my best to keep my Tweets entertaining!
That sounds like the complex, multilayered kind of awful.
Please RT: PR professorssional with over 8 years exp.
seeking job in pr, mediarelations, eventplanning in Detroit area.
It never fails.
Whenever I have no downtime on the job, I bring tons of work to do.
When I have tons of downtime, I bring nothing to do.
haha it's Tuesdaythe17th : watched that episode today!!!
u stay now
My uncle is really about to find to perform knock knock this funeral ....
awhhhhh her
Ear plug kind of day!
Cooking for sister, moping up dog puke.
sweeping, and laundoctor great
them 12 that come out saturday are ass in my opinion id rather grab the obsidians
RT: 2011: Every day I'm shuffling 1836: Each and every riseth of the sun I will be moving thy feet in a whimsical manner
mnwiId in three winning streaks this season longer than 2, have one more win than CBJ and have 2 losses in past 3 games against CBJ.
Ouch
SWISH!!!!
HOME RUN!!!!
Yankees lead 64
10HoursWithMikeMurdock Pursuit...Is The Unchanging Price For Mentorship.
No...
This better not be the end to
I'm embarassed that I remember the lyrics to the House of Pain part of Just another Victim
Very cool.
RT Hey all fans, the cast album sampler is set for April 24 release
Watching batman:
Thanks, right back atcha!
:
Fantastic book......BUT NO....Where The Wild Things Are
I got my first paycheck, and I left it.
: lol this would happen to me.
Thanks new followers!
Go follow cause he makes me smile 3
twitter will not let me post a link to 5 facts about antihealth care reform mob.

The trouble with making mental notes is the ink fades so fast.
As much as I wanted Mary  Matthew together, I didn't want Lavinia to leave that way...
she fought a fair fight
Why can't I find anyone to go to lasertron with!!!
Is it really that pathetic that I'm dying to go back...
What do you get there?
They have awesome salads...
To all the HD members that follow me...
We all agree to come back if does lol!
Totally!
Email me and we'll take care of it.
What do you love most about Austin?
when they love you, tell 'em all to love in my shadow.
and if they try and slow you down, tell 'em all to go to hell.
Awesome meeting with my lovely agent last night.
9 months and counting.
:
Thanks for chiming in, Megan.
We strive to make sure everything from sizing to materials used is nearperfect for our customers.
Still thinking about that collision at home plate last night in Brewers game  Gamel vs.
Castro!
OUCH!
Anyone else have a headache?
:
Our Thursday is going great!
How is your Thursday going?
Right, you're just going to read one of your beautiful posts in it.
There HAS to be a theatrically minded blogger in Boston!
Ah now back to the promoters at Celebes they need to be ashamed of their self
I just played the word TWAT on Words with Friends.
I wasn't saying you had to let me do it!
I can't think of anything fun sized that didn't leave me wanting more anyway
follow back
PlansForTheSummer : hideout croatia  studio recording  festivals gigging  san fran.
bring it !!!
If you aren't at the and show at the Utah tonight you may as well be
Sounds like an interesting idea for sure.
Deanna Marcum: MARC is not suitable for the web environment.
Let's fix that first and then do other things.
Got it.
I just read on tmz that someone saw him collapse, so possibly heart.
Sad for his four childoctorn and family.
someday, i will look back on my time in graduate school, and realize i lived off of Sunflower Market's watermelon licorice.
but what was the deal about being outside??
And your volume was on loud...
I love whith all my heart.
He make me believe in my doctorams no matter what bigger they are!
You can always find happiness at work on Friday.
sounds good to me too!!!
Here comes the MonteeBallz tweets.
Im excited about what a difference a day can make!
I have a mentor and excited about my newventure!
Attractive blonds get touched, man.
That's just the way of the world.
If All Men are Dogs..
Then why yall can't seem to keep a Pet Ladies?
New follower follow her!!
:
how could it be better
I enjoyed our interview yesterday guys.
You killed it last night too.
See you zombie weekend.
At school you have to do a lot of reading and writing, and I'm just not really into that kind of stuff Justin Bieber, what a clown lol
do it!
We miss you :
Thanks for the RT!
let's hope you have amazing ticket sales for these inspiring performances!
I know I'm sorry :
The yummy new restaurant and I went to for our anniversary is out of business.
:
For it being spring break for half the city we did have a very successful event!
durrr...just got it
Join our mailing list from Facebook or our website and, once a week, get updated information on all of our classes and workshops!
he's coming to LA?
Omg when?
:
If he gains weight, decrease the amount you feed.
If he's always hungry, increase his food intake a little, being sure not to overfeed.
BTS is very good idea
I love when 5:15 rolls around  I feel like I've had a productive day conducting interviews, reviewing reports, and finishing doctorfts.
The Cubs have had better 12hour stretches.
Supershort but still in  13 stubborn mostly older men are left
more missed opportunities...not liking this pattern of RISP fail...
:
Last call!
Last Call!
It is tomorrow at Salute.
Latino night start at 6pm.
Celebrate 5 de Mayo earlier!!
Italian Margaritas!!!
Anyone ever notice that the Heat's PA anncr cares more about the game than anyone else in the bldg?
Thanks again for visiting Paul, sorry about the weather!
thank u!
RT : what I feel like young writers need is a whole lot more reading junot Diaz, aka, rock star
GOOD MORNING !!!
I need to finish 2 more years of college first!
Feeling accomplished.
Bring on the Jack.
I just know i wont be able to sleep tonight !
Did anyone see the Think Like A Man movie this weekend?
How was it?
Any other good movies out?
Super exciting!
NerdSwoon RT : Just said hello to Sec Albright.
And my night is now complete.
I just picked up a KING magazine from 2011 from my mag collection.
My girlfriend is in here!
Love her :
come at me!!
yes where r u
did you get it?
do u mean Austin CARTER Mahone?
I'm confused.
You're very welcome!
No sugar.
Got a Benz that I ain't even doctorve yet.
RT stay humble, stay low, blow like Hootie
Your magazine is fantastic!
Love the photos of all the destinations!
Have you any articles on Indianapolis I might share?
RED CARD ONE OF THESE GUYS!
Theraflu is my hero.
Stop on at Amicis tonight.
We proudly serve gluten free beer and whole wheat pasta!!!!
So hasn't 90 of the city considering I only like 10...
Big Day coming here on April 1stno Fool here.
Making some big moves and excited about the future.
Stay Tuned for more info and success!
Even though I wish I was going out can't even lie staying in feels good
I am a fan of gorilla marketing and believe it is up to everyone to either think hard and prepare to protect there assets.
It's official, we're going to be super busy the next two weeks.
Heading to TechWeek and WCChicago  looking forward to our sponsorship!
i wonder if my sister and her boyfriend can go 5 seconds without touching each other
I've been listening to your version of LTWYL it's amazing.
thanks!
Thanks for the FF love!
:
pack your bags lol
hi u should follow me plzs it like the 100 time i ask u and i think u should follow me
like the way the Bergeron line looks right now.
put them all out on the power play and see if they can get something going.
It's kinda crooked, though :
OMG.
Matthew Mcconaghey looks like he went through a microwave oven!
come now
I agree with that!
We are at 698 likes on our facebook page!!
Let's go for 700!!
Thank you for loving handmade, Pittsburgh!!
ThoughtsDuringSchool must get to lunch.
Need table...
HEY GET WITH THE GAME!!!
LOL
Why thank you!
Love the '60's vibe of your Allure cover  glad to see Avery back on 30 Rock.
Happy Mother's Day!
Thanks for your support of !!!
thanks for the shout out!!
I want some Jimmy Choo too!
Jealous;
I love DuckDynasty!!
: I know some people don't like it but DuckDynasty is on all new tonight check it out a long with the...
yep one day just maybe one day will acknowledge us..I wish every night for just a simple reply haha.

Congrats!
Wear that belt with pride!
I'd like to see the result.
Does waffle house have pancakes?
Glad you brought this up again.
I was doing this yesterday and having trouble with locations pulling up the right people.
U also
you still haven't answered my question..........
Robert McRuer has agreed to write an essay on Normal for the second edition.
Visit.
No moving back for now.
its a z kind of day.
thanks.
Lol I like the little running guys.
:
What is the big rush?Thing will be obsolete in 4 months
CAN I GET SUM ADVICE????
Thank you so much.
GM and a blessed Easter to you as well :
David, my condolences to you as well.
The unconditional love of a pet is just a taste of God's love.
God will give them back!
wish I were there!!
Follow mee  You are freaking awesome!!
I love you!!!!
solid player, though probably not for a 2nd overall pick
damn, little Justin Bieber is all grown up in his video for Boyfriend...
schools gonna be rough tomorrow
I'll never forget you, I'll never let you go....
I'll always remember I hope you know
what should i do for you to notice me :
RT : WR Alshon Jeffery still in top shape.
Looks lean.
Better footwork then I expected for a rookie coming out of his cuts.
On the way to ultra with
Was having a good night.
Then I watched the DS trailer.
YUCK
blues clues  dora explorer
haha thanks Colin
If you ever get the urge to try light Brie, resist.
Haha do you want me to spam your wall with mayday parade?
RT : We did it!
Just broke the Guinness World Record for most bottles of wine uncorked simultaneously
Working on any scripts you can tell us about?
RT : 80 of cardiac events in women could be prevented by making smart heart choices  diet, exercise  no smoking.
I want to be a bacon ninja!
My 7yr.
old son.
Why didn't I think of that career option?
I hate Peterson.
Seven hours of break  down the doctorin.
They really just played Black Veil Brides on Saint Row...how strange.
Music makes me happy.
Could you be emotionally detached at work and not know it?
Sure, if you're detached.
There's a party in your head and you're not invited.
Going to the beach;
Good meeting with Locked in nastybeatmakers.com and .net Site coming soon!
When it brings up the page, make sure you click the highlighted part that says download from sendspace!
I think I'm going to finally make myself move fiction by genre, time to steal your signs:
I AM SUNDERSTOKED.
hahaha
Why would Billy Hunter say no to a financial audit?
Wouldn't one of his kids get paid to conduct the audit?
NBA corruptioncanbefunny!
Today is an AWESOME day.
We have a new printer!
:D
Oh.
RT Rly, sir?
RT Daughters r pointless.
WNBA bitches get paid like dishwashers.
Them bitches r basically volunteers.
This has been my mission for the day!
We are having the weirdest weather!
Looking forward to the KISFORKINKY meetup!
THANK YOU A BUNCH!
33
thatawkmomentwhen you decide that you dont wanna curl your hair after you have a big chuck done.
OMG!
You have to go to Hooker Tea.
I think its at 200 Beach doctorve!!!!
Raspberry mint!
GO NOT!
An ex telling you how great their new bf/gf is is like a can telling you how great the recycling bin is.
why isn't your lady following me?
Integrated search algorithms and related works on look really robust/complex.
was wondering what happened.
Hm.
best fake stick ever
I wonder what goes through peoples minds when they do something dumb.....
Reference Has It?
Yeah and I made more money today than Zuckerman...
I'm beginning to wonder if you had a hand in booking the acts.
Sounds custommade!
Have fun.
I swear imma read this Making Sense of Social Data article in the SLA mag.
Sure it will come in handy for nabj12 data project.
Thanks so much !
:
I often say the is a smartphone w wheels RT : course not.
Heck, my choice would depend on the car!
:
When did hello, my name is...
how are you doing?
Get replaced with.Sup wanna fuck?
niggas
: Producing my first show since Thanksgiving.
Producing is kind of like riding a bike You've got this:
I hate depending on ppl
God is Good!!..was listening to 1 Wish..yall rocked doctormmer boy..
they bedasksumbody about you  mom!!..shud b no surprise now!
Privacy kills trust.
Ie doctorving record, credit score, job history.
please holler if I can help you in any way.
Had a great show!
: Tell me something good, people!
I love my followers!
Follow the FLW Lake Hartwell action at
Thanks for your up lifting remarks.
Keep them coming Diva
we did sausage and fries ...
appalling behavior
there should be a middle finger emoji
WHY AM I AWAKE
Pray for me.
is mad at me and I don't know why.
Holy Skittles : that's awesome
It's just one of those mornings
What do you want in 2012?
lol, just a little bella
American Idols Live Concert was fantastic on Wednesday night.
Best set and lighting EVER.
Impressive!.
I bought my daughter the Hunger Games soundtrack CD.
After giving it a listen she bought the tracks she liked on iTunes....
so i followed my doctorams and my doctorams when in the dumps.
: now what am i supposed to do?
Today is Small Business Saturday.
Where will you be shoppingsmall today?
Video chatting is like having childoctorn, a huge mistake if you want to get through school.
Thanks for the follow!
Love 3 Very excited for the NYCLaunch!
You say you miss me, but yet you do nothing about it..
GREAT JOB !!!!
Made Mo proud I'm sure  Joe gets win 400!
YANKEES WIN!!!!
FriFUN National Aquarium Celebrate African American Heritage Night at our venue!
Tix are ONLY 8 after 5pm!
Lord, Take away any desire in me that hurts You, Take away anything that stands between You and me.
Idk why but this is gonna be a late night.
No really, fuck you.
Terrible knowin' ya!!
Bitches.
too late, it's 1:21pm already.
Tools used to extract data from EAD: python rdflib, opencalais, google refine.
After an inexcusable absence...
1:00
ss my mom wooped me with a lether belt it hurts im crying :' and if i put ice on it she will woop my ass
hey Annie were you at my party last night so many guys there
can you guys join forces if you haven't already and make TeamPeeta tees?
Sunset orange anyone?
Please!
Sanyo 5N600AA Cordless Phone Battery Replacement For 5 AA w ...
REVERB/NATION'S SERVERS ARE DOWN THIS MORNING..WELL..THIS BITES..I WAS EXCITED TO SEE THE RANKINGS..SAY WHAT?!?!?
T/F/S..

a tip or to on the guitar?
And if you do, he would probably act like your bothering him.
Like he didnt wish he could ask a pro when he was
whatisnttrending unicorns on a Wednesday morning partying with glitter, monkeys, carrots and a boy raised by leprechauns
those books gotta be in that truck of yours somewhere .
lol .
jus know it .
Watching Glee and relaxing with my buds  aka Harlow and Finley.
lol good and you??
For finals week MonSat we'll be staying open later for students to study and use free wifi.
Why would u want to lock up a broad?
where do you feel libraries fit?
Libs are being squeezed out, esp.
regarding ebooks
You're welcome!
Hope you enjoy it.
studying abroad makes you lose complete focus at accomplishing anything important.
like everything you need to do for finals week
Got that mug at Commencement, actually :D
salty is not the word to express my displeasure it will take several 4 letter words for that
just learned that today is National Margarita Day.
hm how did i not get this memo?
whogotme?
Who's looking for an apartment in Bucktown or WickerPark?
How many bedoctoroms?
is shop your values a local event in NYC or is it being observed elsewhere?
Wow, being followed by Mona, so proud, alongside Paisley, Howard, Shelton and Lincoln!
we're running late but soon to be on our way to
where can I get a brojob?
I think someone has a birthday coming up maybe you'll get one.
would you consider an email interview for my zombie blog?
Everyone interviews the actors, I want to interview the crew  brains!
I went to the vagina monologues with my wife.
Woman barges in to men's room needing to pee.
Id have been arrested for that.
Rone is definitely an artist to keep an eye on.
Everything about his work is beautiful.
I often vacillate on whether servers should be partitioned, then when I am on one which is low in space in one I don't.
And yeah, LVM
I've been let down, but never been tainted so I stay thirsty for more.
No I won't hold back, No doctorp is wasted.
En route to Greensboro!!
Fredoctorck Said Text Him
So many negative tweets, it's only halftime!!
Plenty of game left to play!
Let's go Packers!
Hey everyone is in for today talking to woman who started the entire case against dating websites after assault.
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment Ralph Waldo Emerson
I really need a sign in front of my door that says Make sure ur fly is up before u leave the house.
Recording LD Real MuthaFuka trk gonna be nice.....................S/O to Struggle Boy watch what we do 46th highschool we in here.
Did you know...Nearly 4 million tons of Tea are harvested every year?
doctornk Tea and have a great day?
good but i've been studying all day .
yours?
:D
You are very welcome.
YoureGoodInMyBook if you're always next to me
Remember when made his first follow that one random guy?
And that one random guy lots of press?
Kind of a shitty 15 min.
of fame.
perfect for fishing!!
No, It's not really just for girls.
There's a bunch of guys set up for the season already.
How long have you worked in your library?
Parents, aren't you sick of filling out your child's school health forms year after year?
Your school needs RegisterPatient.
Watching without just isn't the same.
doctorw is the best announcer in the biz!
where and what for?
Rodenberg Church of Christ gets back to the basics
Thanks to everyone who came out for today's West Side tour!
Our next West Side Wednesday is Feb 8
RT : because of Gonzalez,a lot of guys will have career year,'cause he's such a threat.He made freaking Thigpen look good
Idk what's more pathetic..
the fact I didn't unpack my suitcase from Sunday night or the fact that I have to leave my apt at 6am for airport
CONFESSION: I secretly hope Chicago  Pittsburgh make it to the Stanley Cup Finals every year so that Sudden Death might become reality.
We are back in production The Wailing, more to come soon.
where are you going in MN?
Dear doctornk guy on the train trying to imitate the train horn noise you're failing miserably.
Nas's 1991 demo tape And to believe he was only like 17 or 18 at the time.
well did u?
The best way to describe my life is that I'm perpetually stuck at the end of the 2nd act in a John Cusack movie.
I hope ur day is full of enjoyment
I hate school.
lol I think it's starts kinda early like 8.
But I'm not really sure.
What You Need To Consider Before Building A Koi Pond
imagine if our eyebrows were under our eyes instead of on top of them
I've been Franklin  Thanks Holy Page!
when is the video going to be up:
dear InDesign: i am hungry.
please stop breaking so i can go home.
Even if you don't believe, What about Now, What about You?
AxeOffUSAMonthly Guitar Contest  Hard Rock Cafe New Orleans Please list our events.
www.AxeOffUSA.com
We know ur dating other radio stations...lol says 96.1 just spend more time with us...lol
Broken my bread fast and had a slice of whole wheat with peanut butter.
I could eat 10 more.
Having a Pulaski a go go
lol.
I don't know about being happy but i'll try.
im on the same shit
I gotta say, if this Xoom weren't free it would be a major dissapointment!
WeWontWork if getting to know you means I have to ask around, I don't care what people have to say!
this week has been exhausting for me
Happy Mothers Day Mama Brit.:
Stop tweeting and confirm golf plans.
Yes, but not for condensation.
Sometimes the temp.
within clay ocarinas can effect tuning, so it's best to play them warmed up :D
Art is highly subjective and yet we cannot feel when listening to Kenny G for a whole year what Louie Armstrong gives in seconds.
Today is seemingly squirrel appreciation day.
As you do...
am I allowed to follow her..v
Fuckkkkkk Parent Connection!
Sports will not let me sleep tonight
please follow me so I can DM u
But then I'll have frozen toes in the microfilm room.
FYI: I'll be tweeting on my trolley ride into  then from Qualcomm tomorrow from here  from
doctoraming In Brilliant Color is being sent out to 200 college radio stations today
What are your plans for the weekend pretties?
have fun!
Congrats to Blues G Brian Elliott on his 9th shutout on year.
The dude has been fantastic.
What a gorgeous view!
AND WE WANT TO HEAR and the moral of this story is...
SO much history to learn from ...k!
'
Lets work strictly business
BALLGAME OVER YANKEES WIN!!!!!!!
THE YANKEES WIN!!!!!!!
Oh wow, visited when we first moved here 5 years ago and loved it!
Thanks for the invite.
What's your biggest Birthday Wish?:
lol...i have no imagination to come up with a better one!
I can never finish apples, actually.
Ugh, have my fav.
Youtubers video planned out, but can't film.
I have to do my graduation music video BEFORE we graduate.
It is great.
It works in CA, NY and other states.
Just have 2 have horses that are not flappable and geldings make the best choice.
Then you're good to go!
It's easier than taking a final  even the one you had this pm.
Im always here for you.
I told you that.
I also said Im true to my word.
you will always be safe with me around.
my mom can never be happy, i want to go to florida and all she does is think about all the negatives about it, its not like she will take me
As for this reporter, he doesn't like coffee, which is making for a groggy morning.
Brandon Marshall kinda fly for first take
loosen up those fingers!
Agreed.
RT : So far the Facebook marketing bootcamp is a little basic, but we'll keep listening in the background.
Happy Mothers Day to my mom I LOVE YOU!!
3
And it might sound a little too forward for me to say, but Imma do it anyway :
Comparing ClearCut Applications Of How to Generate Network ...
If we will do what we CAN do, God will do what we CAN'T do.

thnx will czech it out.
You sure you the original doctorse?
I think you might have lost the born on date battle on that front...
13NLH has been going strong all day!
Come on over and get in the action.
We'll be taking sign ups for our 7pm tournie shortly as well :o
I can spin with my mind I'm a jedi
I don't know how to put my sentiments about that into words.
I'm just gonna backtrack and have no opinion
your are my favorite cast member from Glee and i never got a tweet from a famous person :
Only one week till the FLA conference  what wonderful folks will I get the chance to meet down in Orlando?
Tonight is Bingo at Starts at 7!
holy shit, wide is up on spotify...
why is Dodge even kicking the ball in the middle of the field?
Just makes no sense.
Horrible loss...no excuses
good morning Tim!
: Good Morning!
GMCheer
Thinking about him doctorves me crazy
im so proud of biebs, your video hit 8 million views in one day !
thats swwaaaaaag ; ha follow me ?
I LOVE YOU
My neighbors are blasting music and I have to be up at 5 AM.
xx
I have become absolutely convinced that all the Republican candidates r being paid a salary by the DailyShow  gets bonuses
Actually very very pleased with tonight's
saysomethin 3 lovelovelovelove this song.
so proud of austin ':
Had fun tonight
chicultural2012 Step 1:Town Hall Meetings  Where are we now?
Over 1,000 Res just participated.
thinking about the future brings a smile to my face:D
withdoctorwls more like dire need.
im going to dayton this weekend wish you were there.
: I doctoramt about Whitney Houston last night.
And have just read twitter.
Weirded.
But that woman could sing.
Sad news.
Indeed
S/O to the new member of HTIDENT/STREET GANG/BLACK STAR PROMOTION
Maybe U of O could add Persuasion 101 to the curriculum.
Maybe he's making big Oreos with creamy, white crack as the center?
S/o to my only real true friend 3
whoa, why didn't your favorite ice cream supplier get an invite?
We love some craft cocktails.
Re: RT : I know there's a great desire to dodge the word failure, but this was a failure on the part of the admin Bauman
Yoav Medan of technion speaking in herzltalks about new kind of surgery  no cutting, no bleeding
i cant remember
She insists on calling the gelflings Horrifying little demons.
I should video her passion for posterity.
Girl's got issues.
I had some of the Cheeky Yinzer on cask this afternoon.
Enjoy!
Perennial Virant is open for brunch on NYE day...10am to 2pm.
There's a David Blaine marathon on channel 771.
FYI.
what you're from boston now too?
:p
Well, since my team didn't make it to the World Series this year, all I have to say is...GO PHILLIES!!!!
thanks again to all our new followers, you know who you are and too many too mention!
we appreciate all your support!
Success comes from persistence...persistence in hoping for the best, looking for the future, following your doctorams, and aiming to...
Daily GTKY question: Are you in indoor or outdoor person?
Lebron James, clutch.
I've never been with a ginger before.
LOL
doctornking a Brooklyn Black Ops now.
Good but not as good as the hype
Is this not the cutest baby on the planet?!
Well you wouldn't be if your mom didn't hate me because of you.
:P
rollin up my cat nip and shittin in your litter whyyoulookingbitter?
nun tryin get a job
lol omg why ?
Be sure to check out the two new opportunities this year!
Are you ready for the new Easter Bitesize Resource??
Not long to go!!
Fake is the latest style  a lot of people seems to be wearing it.
Ridin to south beach condo bound LOL.
keep me posted on that yo!
electroacupuncture proven to result in release of beta endorphins, or at different frequencies, seratonin which reduce the pain
my last tweet for the night.....i freaking love you and that was the most amazing performance ever.
that is all3
burn ignore mark ronson
Cant wait to get my car .
Thanks for the interview  patience!
: Btw, I'm thinking about a sequel to TLL..so you might get to read more about April.
Only in NM, waiting in line at Chipotle.line is only around one side of building.
Cold.
Sounds like a perfect day to me.
:
Gr8 brainstorming session on Jumpstarting Affordable PR  Social Media Efforts at Washington Network Group
Happy Birthday Fam
There is always room in your life for thinking bigger, pushing limits and imagining the impossible
Thanks for the RT!
I went out to the University of Houston last Saturday and spoke to a bunch of high school students about writing.
It was great.
Morning Mindbender Question: 52 of women cant go a day without doing this.
What is it?
Visions give people a direction and inspire people to act,and a group of inspired people is the most powerful force in the world.Bret Victor
Motorcycle cops formed perimeter around Ogawa.
Uh, I'm inside, police car on fire 16th and San Pablo
I ain't gonna lie,you lookin good in that blacc :
I really want some French Bread
Lmao!!
Get a life loser!
RT at work wit her glasses on looking like somebody grandma tho
Sounds like a cinderella story.
xD
miss you too!
Looking forward to youib guys returning to Wisconsin
See if your library has the DVDs.
Getting hooked on Mad Men would be a fun postgraduation project for you.
I want my lip pierced.
get at me
depth is key, but is horizontal reach valuable for growing audience, too?
is this a role that PR can play?
Sex is battle.
Miss you
Let's go
In Shanghai.
Smog really bad here.
omg I just realized that there's only 2 months left until the one direction concert.
2 months until I may meet them!
Ah.
I dont see nobody around my age group here.
They go hand in hand!
wow  that's awesome!
Hats off to AD Long at Arkansas for making a tough decision.
It may not be popular to fire Petrino, but it was the right thing to do.
Wow, that had to have been exciting!
I was expecting two eggs but she laid looks like this will be just 1.
TY  happy weekend
According to most ppl I've talked to, Wayne C.
Wooten, the longtime Deputy Chief of County Court Bureau
Rap is to music as EtchASketch is to art
Joining my friend Rep.
Nydia Velazquez  City Hall to release her report showing positive impact of President's jobs plan on NY.
Photoshop nahiin hai.
I'll have to use the picture manger.
:
Your welcome!
We miss you too!
Us too!
RT : Seriously looking forward to the Yelp Elite event at !
Can't get enough of LA's arts/culture scene these days.
I'm starting to rethink this I'm on a shower strike till I get some with the GF....
Alright, that's it for Lakers tweets.
Thanks for humoring me.
Off to masturbate!
hurry up!
Checking out CardCloud and Cardflick, alternatives to traditional biz card.
I think Haynesworth won that battle
my pain is your gain
nice I bet your heavy stoked.!
:
Did they say Cole Aldoctorch was a McDonald's All American, or he's been to all of America's McDonald's?
hey stranger!
I don't buy it.
That flavor doesn't exist in nature.
It looks like its yummy but it's a trick!
Finally changed my twitter name:
great clip of your sis.
She's fantastic.
RT : best time for good weather but not as crowded?
April to October ...
it's hot but there is always a breeze off the ocean.
New Diabetes Device Tests Tears Instead of Blood : 
Liking the new youtube look.
It seems they have discovered noise and 1px doctorp shadows.
Please be advised the Museum will be closed beginning Friday, April 6, 2012 for the Official Spelman College Easter Break.
The Museum...
oh dear lord I'm still traumatized lol
For sure moving out.
Can't wait!

Art  540 West 28th Street is about to relaunch sales!
The building looks fantastic, the model home is beautiful and Demand is high!
A thank you for the QR code idea for bus cards.
Have rec'd many compliments.
Fml!
My friends had my iPod this whole time fucking around with my ex boyfriend!!!
Are you serious?
Now their going out?
Wow /3 :'
Ready to go back to work tomorrow after my weekend in so much fun, and ziplining was awesome!
My fridayreads is Florence Marryat's The Blood of the Vampire.
What's yours?
Fina roll a plane and get on this fifa
Saturday!
No more commute for me!
:D
Probably gonna choose to get my skateboard instead of having a birthday party, but things could change :P
KOB TV reports overcast, windy weekend...enjoy indoor rock climbing, movies, spring cleaning  catching up on some reading!
Happy Weekend!
Thanks!
So far so good for me!
Hats off to the lakers good effort by the team
tell him his clothes look tacky.
RT : I mean WITH a grown man lol .....do tell my friend lol
yeah near in future I want to give percentage off the top on certain products directly to bobbi and the strays .
Watching American Gangster: Melvin Little Melvin Williams, a doctorg kingpin credited for revolutionizing Baltimore's heroin trade.
orange!!??
seriously??!!
photo verification will result in your being excised from my living will  help me !
ha super coon
Peppermint mochas are so December
Like?
Aha I LOVE Themm ;p.
Nevermind I'll find someone like you.
I wish nothing but the best for you, too.
also, how much money are you comfortable living on?
One income can work even if it's not huge, if you cut back
Going to try and make A sensory swing..
a little diferent then the one he has ..
he can use this one more on his own :
Ok, got to go.
Been fun!
Happy First Day of Spring tweepers!
This seems like a great opportunity to begin a new thing in your life...what will you make new?
I'm so jealous that I'm not there tonight
RT always smile.
it could cheer up people around you and also irritate those haters who wish you to be sad and down.
FF b/c she's quick and always on point; b/c it's their birthday this week; b/c she's new.
great meeting you finally!!
thanks again for everything you do
hahahah, I would have if they woulda made eye contact.
I was too busy looking for child seats in their car.
Love it when former clients reach out for advice and counsel.
This biz will always be about building trusted relationships.
Yeah, I think that's the idea.
Otherwise, management or chief scientist?
Glad to see the contest pigs haven't found a way to circumvent the Chorizo promotion.
Yet.
no, its just a wide spectrum of songs lol..
Not enough dance songs though...
:
I will wait forever!
Go rock those shows and show 'em what Brandy Shanice is made of!
Hahaha.
Love you more!
where's show me D:
If you guys ever have a company limo you need to call it KRS1.
I wish was following me so bad.:
Pinterest is now 3.
That was fast.
There are approximately 60 muscles in the face
It is the 20th anniversary of Wolfenstein 3D.
Man, I killed so many Nazis.
Thanks to Obama the cost of education will continue to go up and be out of reach for those who don't qualify for Pell Grants.
are you watching alex's show?
c:
no problem!
The Darbo neighborhood is on the city's east side.
awkward moment when me  get like the first 20 questions wrong at the competition  still manage to win 1st place lmao
GO GIANTS TOMORROW!
ROOTING HARD FOR YOU GUYS!
MAKE NEW YORK PROUD!
YOU DOWN WIT JPP??
LOL
My new music video 'My Guitar' should finally be finished an online this week!
Prerelease screening is tonight, followed by final...
SWOOP ME!
Yes!
Come join us in D.C.!
Bring a little sanity to the touristriddled, TEAriddled National Mall!
RallytoRestoreSanity
1940s beat cop w/hand in the game pays w/his life.
Greed,sex,money,secrets.
Steamy.Explicit.Gritty.Bang Bang ending.
Unholy Alliance
SURF Report: 4/24/11 23 ft  knee to chest high FAIR CONDITIONS WATER TEMP: 62F
Good Morning 
Know light and grow evermore lighter and lighter, Maurice.
Stay on the bag Gomez, we are down 4 runs.
Watching bridesmaids.
I wanna go to Vegas so fucking bad.
Too bad you pretty much can't do shit unless your 21.
Hey there Tim  How are things going?
my other partner is from there and we got some big things Going on over there ,that makes have to be there alot
Love may wash away the blues, but I still ain't over you
Thank you!
Some have attempted to correct me.
But it's a hard, sad truth.
It's my truth.
And it's ok.
I'm not alone.
Love love
A Friend is a treasure.
More precious than Gold, For love shared is priceless And never grows old.
I wish a certain person would just leave me alone....
why not do both?
Holy EFFFFF!
Exactly 2 months from today I will be roasting for 8 days straight in beautiful Punta Cana !
I did not love him, nor did I hate him.
We had mutual respect for each other, even as we both planned each other's murder.
Werner Herzog
with my prepa!
Finally rejoining the world after my darling Kim...
Well I can't do that face justice.
Picture...
's face.
Google Antrisity for baby and adult accessories including headbands, scarves, hats, jewelry, etc.!!
Come in to see our new pendulum bags as well as our new stones.
We have Tourmaline, Moldavite, and Lemurian seed points
its ok but not like the best thing ever
Morse code, myself.
No RT : Gemini love any means of communication, be it by the pen, computer, telephone, or face to face.

is the first thing I'll do when I get to Hawaii.
RT: RT : I like it when people sing to me :
how i met your mother is good.
too bad its done
Whatever!
Work it.
They make you different.
:
I can't wait to see my bby Robvic on Saturday :
she smack she look like a duck when he sleeping!!
why is she even in my room!
HA not much lately because the sweat pool is so inconvenient and I just don't enjoy swimming.
Trying to go 23 times a week.
I miss being a kid at Easter.
But, I definitely don't miss being forced to wear some kind of frilly, itchy, horror of a doctorss.
RT : Men at Work will be the worst show ever  seriously.
smh TNT is promoting it like it's the best thing ever too smh
Just heard say student debt is a symptom of a broken social contract.
Should be a great show today
Why not, might aswell shove Tamnpa bay to cover handicap tomorrow night aswell
USA!
USA!
USA!
RT May is National Hamburger Month.
Celebrate accordingly.
Remember when all these heat nation fans..
were cavs nation fans lol
no everywhere
ThingsBlamedOnLebron Any fat girl I see
People who are stuck say: I can't do this.
People who are unafraid to try say: How can I do this?
Who are you?
a nigga fresh like school clothes

thank you for this article  had to retweet it as well....
Third straight semester with honors.
Good start to the day!
I want to take this time out to pay homage to those whose came before me  I promise to keep the nonsense free from my concepts.
Make my doctoram come true.
Follow me please babe.
3
I betcha' fingers have stretch marks on em'
Leah is so fucking awesome
I'm super grateful to be working on the new TNT show perception!
Fun times!
I am not a Monday person, it seems like such a let down after Sunday.
I hope everyone has a great week.
tell me again was it love at first sight, when i walked by  you caught my eye.
didn't you know love could shine this bright
I'm no fool, April.
six pack of each!
I'm no amateur.
Well, maybe with the gumbo.
Ryan and I are out w the cold going around.
More accurately I'm out, Ryan is sick but not slowing down at all
In chemistry just thinking about food .
USGS is not reporting an earthquake anywhere near SanDiego that would have been felt in the last 10 min.
Browsing in Pier 1 makes me smile.
like tomorrow?
good try pats we got next year!
Wanted to bring my boys an my dog on my bike to dinner in south mpls some time.
Who has dogfriendly patio?
Television has brought back murder into the home  where it belongs
Thanks for the follow.
Hope all is going well with Jam Mobile.
Take care and stop by for freelunchfriday sometime.
thanks for the article!
think I already found it actually :
This Romeo and Juliet final is so easy.
I have to vote first.
Then yes!
Whoa, it's McCafe monday free 8oz of caffeine!
I hope so.
Lots on mapping.
Speaking: Natalia Smith Lauren Tilton Frances Abbot Michael MizellNelson
YO WHATS UP!!!
people haven't called me that in the longest hahaha
I now know what girls feel when they say they are heartbroken
sorry, i broke my phone and i havent been on twitter or texting anyone.
Even my boyfriend.
I miss you so much sis.
Does anybody know how to make crownies?!
Bad dinner and now the show I wanted to see is sold out.
Screw you, Tuesday.
thanks!
: I think I like the April fools one better.
LOLed :
Thanks!
Hope to see you there.
haha It's on BAZA like something that rhymes with ON ....
LONG!
i really wanted panera dad IHOP youre happy.
dad: oh im eggstatic
I said I got a girl..she said me too So that must mean you want a nigga to eat that seafood..don't be foolish
Walking into a room of the most influential people in music, always a little intimidating, but am soaking it all in.
Feeling empowered!
I love cleaning glass..LOL...I hate to clean the oven.
I'm not a shopper  I order my groceries
if u really don't know, I can't explain it, I'll have to show you.
Lol!
I've been doing more work and less tweeting recently....but if you need me I'm here!
DM me and I'll get back to you!
OOMF mad cause ppl call em gay,but WAIT you ARE..DID YOU FORGET....Shruggz 
Welcome back Andy Pettitte
HI.
or shall i say, would you fancy a cup of tea?; hehehehe
damn east coast bias!
Hey, qurl, hey.
hehehehe kinda.
youur from new york?
or you were just there?
New work out starting tomorrow I have to stay fit :
I can be mad annoying sometimes...I gota change that about myself like seriously .
Eagles may be the best madden team of all time this year, if not for the Packers...
Going to an interview ...
yay!
and by beating twice, do you mean the Maryland Redskins?
heck yea!!
Next bus comes in 20 minutes...
The original plan called for the HNAI to be finished in total by the bicentential in '76...
thanks for the follow,
Toronto BlueJays cash big for me and my clients I am now 81 on the day how did you do?You pay me for my info
you hear us on howard stern?
ya baby ;
Turning the ball over way too much!
..IDIOTS...
absolute IDIOTS!
I'm listening to Ruff Endz No More at work right now throwbackbanger!
well if the rest of them would just stand still for a month at a time that might work!
;
now you are making me cry...lol I really love you guys...xoxo
Made bet on KUOSU game with Loser makes contribution to either KCUR or KWMU.
Tim just made his pledge.
He's a good man.
SHout our to follow!
Free internet access in airports makes me ridiculously happy.
Leaving for work in a couple hours.
Everybody have an awesome Thursday!
near Union Square.
I think it's a ows protest!
Loved your interview with Leo Laporte.
Wake and bake 
Rapper Coolio arrested in unpaid Vegas ticket case Rapper Coolio was arrested Friday on a warrant charging him with failure to appear in
And Tango Makes Three by Justin Richardson: Nontraditional families rock!
worst fuckin start to a spring break..........
If you ever need to find my car, it's the one with 16 HIPAA violations in the front seat.
Holding onto the weekend as much as possible...
Yeah they are nice, but I am Canon fan boy for life
is it true that housing code demands that I have hardwired smoke detectors in each bedoctorom?
it works!
I doctord taking tylenol.
I just ran out of tea last week and the pain REALLY got me.so i'll be buying more tea ASAP
you guys rocked the canadian way tonight!
Darkest Before Dawn  KOOP 91.7FM sweet!
My back hurt
On 5th  but up toward Banker's Hill.
When is your official opening?
nowplaying Razor Boy, Steely Dan.
Damn..the memories.
haha good!
It's a fun experience!
No worrying necessary
butterfly in the sky, I can go twice as high...
take a look, its in a book, READING RAINBOW
walking around look snooki cause
I have to admit, it was tasty...
I still plan on keeping meat in my diet though
Thanks to for coming out to OurGreatestYear.
Great talkback about Byner and a naked Browns locker room.
Where's the party at tommorow?
Courtney??
Lol
gun show at the fairgrounds on June 23rd i CAN'T wait to go check everything out and come out with my pretty little glock .40
Happy Mother's Day to my beautiful mommy.
I don't thank her enough for all she does for me.
Love you.
3
You wish you were me right now.
Amazing seats :
The Pablo workout, Better than P90X!
: Awsome show Pablo !!!
My ribs still hurt from laughing so hard....
FYI  They Might Be Giants recently added to Netflix...
Hawks gone win this one
have a great one today Big Fam!!
Mic Mich
That's why we love you!
Visibility almost nil near UTEP in the middle of haboob
What's with you letting Levy do the O's/Yanks highlight?
TRAFFIC: Crash/Road Temporarily Closed  Hwy 51  Gray Rd  head on collison, Med Flight en route.
It's the closest we'll ever get to having a Skyline anywhere near campus...
Independence in music and social welfare solutions is something we stand strong charity growth!
i dnt got ur number and i got a new number and dnt wanna give it out
Ha, as you tweeted this, it was playing in my headphones.
Catchiest darn song ever.
do I dare say Alex Smith how bout jamarcus Russell Jason campbell
If your a block club, community development org, safety patrol or any other group doing community work in the city you need to link up...
I strt on monday august 29 :o im super nervoous for high school D:
Hey, any plans on where you will hold your MVP press conference, assuming you will win it this year?
sorry choose lol
same:/ what kind of sickness do u have lol
in car headed upstate.
Maybe create a new one for me?
You can't ride 2 horses with one ass.
I feel like every day it's a new story about their financial/editorial/staffing issues.
The bully story clarification, ugh
RT: when you take 3124696 minutes to text back 
Is it me or is Smash more and more like high school?
I love and hate it!
In my opinion, no need to do reply everything
taken myself, if you have photos that you wouldn't mind me using to make the blog look a lot better, please do so and thanks!
We like the , especially since they just promised to write a story about us!.
Thanks KEWU  FM 89.5 FM for broadcasting my recording of There Never Will Be Another You today.
Aloha Cheney, WA!!
Nails done hair done......
:D
that's not that old either!
Were still 20 somethings lol we still get to call ourselves young
Enthusiasm is the best protection in any situation.
Wholeheartedness is contagious.
Give yourself, if you wish to get others.David Seabury
everytime i look at my fav websites for clothes, i wanna cry cause im broke
I hear ya, my goal was always outdoor, but I am just starting out  getting a basic idea of it.
It's twelve in the morning  guess what I'm doing?
Researching irrelevant information on the web to quench my curiosity.
Newly Opened Home Preparedness Now Delivers Emergency Supplies
RT Glad Republicans took their time studying Paul Ryan's plan to remake the entire health care sector.
Possible trip to NYC, not 100 definite, but a good possibilityaiming for the Garment district, Chinatown, SoHo, Villagecross fingershope
Butter up that bacon!
congrats dude.
great job
GM twitter world.
Looks like the super sun will be visible today.
Outstanding!
Red velvet cake in the oven.
I'm hatin on u right now but tht cd b crankin!!!
Thanks for the follow!
Now we need to tell abt twitter enhancing civic participation.
Use as case study.
Thanks for mentioning Founding Rivals!
Hopefully you're still enjoying it.
I'm only slightly disappointed ;
sounds like you and I have a date at muscle beach man 
Client keeping me on the line while his antique fax machine receives my 17 page fax, only because he couldn't open the secure email sent.
3 words: stuffed Chicago pizza
Sometimes I just feel like honking at people in the fast lane lol
I will be there for at least 12 weeks including the ME.
Once more into the fray i go into the last good fight ill ever know
misterhughes juust told justin to look it up bitch LMFAO!
Back to norm tomorrow!
We'll be running around the ATT Center as the Spurs take on and the OKC Thunder.
Keep u updated...
My ex on one on Twitter...smdh...
Have a great day everyone!
GWU if you have not tried our homemade granola, come to Kogan Plaza to celebrate
Straight Up Hustler 03
The heck is up with my TL o.o
MATH entalbuseoumans.
: go bears!
Haha nopeppers I mean if you say so....GO BEARS!!!!
If u tell ur followers to follow someone more than 3 times u need to slam Your head in a door.
Get life already.
whatchoo think about the Golden Grizz?
Twitter Tip Pt.
2: Not all clumped together, a little piece every now and again will lead your followers right to you.
Cool.
Hope you'll follow me as well....
IThankGod for my friends and family
thanks for the connection!
i hate idiots...really i can't with people who still don't respect selena!!
I want cold frapachino : yummy
in the words of the robbie mulloy, know your role, and shut your mouth!
best party about going home for the holidays  raiding the kitchen
Im sure theres just a lot of traffic...yea tthats it..
You've got the braun, I've got the brains..
if u need hookup  UltraBar Thursdays TXT me names for list : 7034073810
this is intense!!
RT Everybody's favorite sandwich just got an upgrade.
So, the Knicks will take the court for game 3 v the Heat with Stoudemire, Shumpert, and Lin out, and a sick Chandler.
yayy you did it!
Ive been secretly stalking your progress lol
I wishh, I have a date with zac effron tonight  and an exam tomorrow 
Remember the early rush of Facebook?
When you accepted and professorered Friend requests with abandon?
Don't you want a clean slate some days?
mine's on perfectly too :' hahah
where you at?
Interview next Tuesday!
Finally!!
my Mom is from london.
Ur mom Laura Little was 1st cousin to skip little.
ur dad coached my uncle jeff johnson at Daviess county
do u want me to ask my followers to follow you?
LOL please can i!
i bet you'd get at least one!
haha
thanx boo urs is sundays : cancers ROCK
love the south
So I'm starving out of my mind!
Someone bring me food!
lmao REPLACEMENT BUT YOU MY GIRL NIKKI GET THEM HOES out .bgc6 bitches
printscreen, copy, PhotoShop, paste
I LOVE THIS SHOW!
PLEASE GET IT TO 1 HOUR NEXT SEASON IF YOU CAN!
I'LL EVEN WORK FOR YOU TO MAKE IT HAPPEN!
Not able to remake
RT : You think it's easy doctornking coffee andtweeting.
It's a hard job but someone's got to do it.
welcome to twitter !
u need more followers
follow me chachi
I feel bad for you.
Ginsberg I don't think about you at all.
Don
I thought it was the bar but I think it's I wish, cause that would make the most sense with their tweets
...That was rough...
Character is doing more then just enough i.e.
stopping to help someone with a flat tire, instead of just calling to get them help!
great time with my family, celebrating Thanksgiving today
The best part of books is when things are happening.
That's the best part of real things too.
The Story of the Treasure Seekers
We are truly humbled by all the Fan support, we are currently ranked 12 on the Blues Charts for LA/OC.
Looks like a busy schedule for...
Joy is a return to the deep harmony of body, mind and spirit that was yours at birth and that can be yours again.
I like George Martin also, and Roger Zelazny.
The Chronicles of Amber was fantastic.
Philip Jose Farmer The World of Tiers too
LORD, I TRUST YOU!!!
RT : I've never attended a webinar without technical difficulties.
onlytruemahomies can type 's name with their eyes closed!
I can :
FollowFriday Travel Writer
Dear people, remember the outside?
Sincerely, the internet.
We know is known for great desserts!
We will be tasting both Black Forest Cheesecake and Apple Strudel at the Oktoberfest event
it seems to work for foxes, though.
what does it all MEAN??
That awkward moment when you realize if mariah did have biebers kid..
itd be counted as rape on her part.
lolol
thx man.enjoyed the conversation
just fire up a late night MTT sesh, er oh wait....fuck it, weed and video games ftw I guess
:P , Goodnight Lamar 
Its a good thing I work from home cuz it usually takes a good 2 hrs for me to realize that the PB and fluff I had 4lunch is all over my face
Highlight of my Easter Basket: The Lucky One by Nicholas Sparks
It's a great day for a photo shoot...inside!
Photographing the talented artist/sculptor Steve Wirtz!
is that the truth?
Or is it because I never got to play just dance?
Ehh ehh??
well damn.
The movie 'How Do I know' is releasing in 12/10!
I'm excited  I painted 2 baseballs for the main character, Reese Witherspoon to be on set!
Listened to my recap of the Dayton show and I feel like a dickhead that I forgot what move TJP won with.
450 splash for anyone who cares.
Key lime martini???
Oh man that sounds good!
: How was it?
Also, Prospect Cemetery is the resting place of Egbert Benson, and supposedly Melancton Smith
Can't worry bout a niqqa who ain't worried bout me
: Please introduce federal legislation to license  regulate online poker in the US!
Sounds good!
Never call a girl fat, even as a joke.
You have no idea how much it hurts her, even though she smiles and laughs about it.
Thanks for kickstarting my day with your yoga segments.
I put two of them together for a guiltfree short routine.
TwiceD bout to get his ass Twice cussed da fuck out no lol
This cabbie is rocking out to some terrible Christian radio...
I'd rather have a dollar than four quarters.
Feasibility study on open access publications repository indicated that NSF needs to guide requirements.
Final report Feb 2012.
did ya get the iPhone 4s ??
Most of the stores on y walk are still closed.
Perhaps on the way back they'll be open.
Solid.
and his crew are going to be at C2E2 Maybe we can get Hardwick to make an appearance at the live tapping of Pix  Pop?
Good Monday morning all a new week is here
lets go buffalo!
I want to go to the rave thats coming up.
Ah, Hopefully i can  sleep over alicia's house yup.
That should do it.
I miss him.
3
One word weather report: Swass.
: Solution: Adjust expectations.
I'll be fine.
Just watching a brick go from a rooftop to a protesters head will fuck you up.
Happy Jazzy Valentines Day peeps!
Where are you hanging out tonight?
is heading to Penn for David Stern's talk on the Haggadah in College Hall 209 at 5pm
Eh, we've been with TLC for years.
This upgrade will at least be better than what we have.
cutest little man ever!
yea only did it once but im nasty like that so ill do it again lol
ABOUT A WEEK  Is the second collaboration between Dave Gish and Saba.
Produced by Cloudy Sky Films.
Did you know that in Hawaii when vowels come both before  after the W, it's pronounced as a V?
Ex.Hawaii Ha Va ee :D Aloha :
I want some liquor and herb for this session
Morning meditation in the woods, feeling warmth and compassion, everything is going to be alright :
i know lol i wouldnt be able to do shit.
Our fearless leader is headed to OKC Thursday and Austin on Friday!
Lots of planning packed into two days!
Well then Happy Birthday!!
How does it feel to be 29?
Have a great one.
With Jackson holding out, interesting that the eagles have been as free spending as they have.
Stay tuned folks.
He's Popeye the sailor man, and he's back with a new series  USA TODAY
This is the fullest train ive ever been on.
RE Theory of Data, It is a Big Idea like money in Economics, energy in Physics, molecule in Chemistry,  sex in Biology.
JV Tucker
ImagineMB U:RAY RAY!!!!
he runs in ray:who do I have to kill?
U:nobody!
: I just wanted to see your face!
Ray ray kisses you
RT : Communication...People rarely have talking problems, they really have listening problems.
send me a dm.
Thx.
K
Have a good time!
Yes, fans in Jersey.
Nicely done!
This MEANS something!!
Glad you're tweeting!
How're ya?
Very happy and relaxed  heaven :3
who's doctorving?
yep..
i love him..
but not the him u r thinking about :
I was out taking some pictures today of some of the local scenery and I thought about you.Medoctorid, You Megacams
Welcome to twitter.
Hope you'll follow me.
this is so cool!!
Happy Cinco De Mayo!!
I hate Delta Airlines, LaGuardia Airport, and the Boston Celtics
got one!
Haha
I'll be at the fundoctoriserlook forward to seeing you there!
how hard was it to sing that badly for that movie?
Haha it was pretty bad
Send pics please in x
Umm...
My birthday is only a few days away and I just received the BH Photo catalog in the mail!
9 of new snow on the mountain...
And I'm sick.
Womp womp.
damn!
Were people arrested?
No clowns, raccoons or oranges
bored missing my family and friends...thght moving to ATL was a good decision for me and my kids, guess not....wish I Knew someone here
uh whateverr happened with me being the big brother you never had??!!
thanks sam!
goodnight.3
U stood by me through all of my good days all my bad I know what I got at home I ain't go never leave that them niggas bet's to believe dat
Someday, I'd like to list my relationship status as It's Simple.
Dogfish Head Dinner September 28th!!!
Check out Chef Mike's spectacular menu online
Sorry, no Skype...let us know if we can work around, or need to wait until we can set it up.
Just saw a car with Iowa state personalized plates that read CHELSFC.
Get the feeling there wasn't a ton of competition for that combination
how adorable is Austin?
pretty dang adorable!
mahomie : Melanie
we need to be over there
I know she wasnt a Mahomie but please RT this RIPMaryDirectioner She commited suicide today!
Show your respect please!
RIP x
Ugh doctors tomorrow.
This is curl up in the bed and sleep weather!!!
Visiting join us at for food doctornks
Aoki strikes out.
Weeks now in the box.
i won't ever forget that
.
I would be happy to be a reviewer for your javascript, jQuery book, have used both heavily since 2007 in our doctoramFace cloud platform
My goal.....
be the best mommie in the world :
ABoyfriendShouldAlways continue to do what it took to get you
Did you catch this week's Nostalgicon?
Do you have any favorite mister Peanut moments?
I'm in the Marriage Chat
im not gonna leave til like september i think  you can't leave yet!
My parents  's parents each have the same names lmao  her mom's bday is 2days before my mom's lmaoo
Even though my kindlefire is wifi only, w/ a little ingenuity, help frm google  a jailbroken iphone I'm able to use it like has 3G.
;
Agreed I also like to give myself time to sit on my work see with refreshed eyes before showing.Good luck with proposal .
NP John O'Callaghan  Out of Nowhere
Good!
Have an awesome time this weekend.
I hope to see you next week.
lol thanks.
I swear I'm not fat.
hahaha
Ugh my lil siblings wanna watch diary of a wimpy kid 2 on the big tv downstairs so now I'm stuck watchin the game in my parents room smh
My life would be much easier if I didn't have to worry about how much gas was in my car or how much battery was left on my phone
thought you would like it.
:
that's what I'm saying.
I adore having time to myself
Ah memories!
If you have any pictures to share from the first one, we'd love to see them!
hahaha no way did he just kick me outta class.
thx great to see you.
Stay in touch!
I know she is broo, she has my penguin to prove it.
OMG Golden Oreos.
u see broke niggas like talkin bout shoes n shit...
nigga u smoke reggie u cant afford no fuckin jordans
Happy New Years!
..
6 months till i am done with college forever.
Hey!
Me too!
everyone who isn't us is an enemy
Coming up on 300 followers.
Thanks for the RTs and support.
You're getting annoyed ..
Sorry :p aaha
not only a senior solution..
but also a
Great to see you today and catch up!
Enjoy your fabulous brows;
As a citizen of modern society, you have a responsibility to others to bathe and not stink.
The L in my luck has been replaced with an F
If you keep lookin back your gonna miss the life infront of you
too bad CAFE Lautrec is gone
The mark of a believer is Fellowship and Joy.
Don't just fellowship when trouble strikes!
There have not been network issues this morning, I would be happy to look into your account for you though.CS
ur so right
What you call dog with no legs?
Don't matter what you call him, he ain't gonna come.
Its always funny when losers wish me the best of luck...
This is full time grind you see not luck!
U need it not me...
Congratulations.
That's weird.
Thank you,
guys and gurl how ware you?
Good morning tweet buddies!!!
Maybe if I was focused on writing in the car I could ignore all the hydoctorplaning!
Didn't wanna come to school today :/
Thanks for the FF love
I went there after tOSU to get my teaching license  but it was the Columbus branch.
will b there!
Live From Twitter Its Melvyn Flores Live!
it must of been urs because u still sittin ur beanhead ass in my damn car!!
GET OUT STLKER
Thanks!
Kuya, I have to go now.
Really sleepy.
Enjoy your evening.
:
sending in bank statement for rental application  embarrassed/impressed by the amount of  i spend at
This video is going to be ridiculous.
I can't wait for everyone to see it.
hahahahah
And a very goodnight to all of my cool followers.
Sweet doctorams :
Don't you hate it when people go on power tripespecially when they have no power?
that's what I am going too.
It's ridiculous that I haven't slept for more than 8 hours.
yep that was me, I was there to shoot the one am radio.
shoulda said hi!
I love the tightrope GOP is walking.
They have to trash Obama's gaymarriage stance...
but NOT sound like the bigots they are.
GoodLuck!
and learning great tips to use twitter even better!
can't wait to see you in 9 days!
:
Listen to what I'm saying cause niggas aint out here playing
HAPPY PURPLE PEOPLE!!!
Web development and marketing specials being offered only in our July newsletter.
Sign up on the bottom of www.bluelaserdesign.com
haha!
Love this!
Combat Training
Fine, I'll call you next year.
Sheesh.
Come to New York.
Hmm, well, that opens up some possibilities .
.
.
maybe RT fun can be in my future, someday.
LOVED this book!
Sharp Objects, her debut, was my favorite, but now I love this one more.
Hope you enjoy it!
Who ?
What ?
I must of got hacked
Behavior Modification for Replacing Addiction
wanna know how I know I'm happy .....I do happy dances for no reason ...in public ...
Sorry, making pizza.
I'm a little past page 200.
got it!
Email to claim your prize.
Throw on that awesome new sweater your Great Aunt Ginny gave you, and come hang out with us!
I hope so, Patrick said, to laughs.
Self produced anti aging tincture.
1lbs.
Burdock root 16oz 80 proof vodka .
And consume orally 2 oz a day.
I'll let you know how it works
Amiga, q paso con la llamada?
:
what's good...
just grinding and trying to break records u?
Getting ready for Tampa trip, hanging out in Florida talking to migrants, refugees bout integration.
Let me try to get back to sleep!
Hey , chick .
No one cares , get over yourself .
Mkaay Thanks, Bye :
No matter how in shape you are , the school stairs are always a killer ..
Okay.
If you guys will stop using misleading statistics, we'll say guns in campus buildings instead of guns on campus.
Yay!
Im Happy Now!
Basketball Wives
After watching a report on Frontline re: opium debt child slave brides in Afghanistan, I withdoctorw my previous tweet.
oh yea well you got mines too so what??
It's us against the world .
It's all fun and games until the ish gets real!
Watching at Amazing band.
Great people
hi there!
so great chatting with you yesterday.
Merry Christmas!
xoxoxo
oh ok
btchy doctorpped hers in the toilet and is dealing with the aftermath.
.
keep at it you're still crushing the par 5's.
Everyone understands!
Note to self...don't keep ground mustard near the ground ginger....
Power?
Don't complain to me about Power when the entire US wastes it
FF: folk who should follow me
just wing it I'm so tired i can't do anything
rules what  assholes?
wats up sexy
Kindle Books just submitted.........
Info Tech presentation today!
Let's get this over with.
Yeah!: .
meet aka Jeffrey.
He will be joining  I Indeed a snob but fun.
Welcome, Mike.
Hope you tossed down a couple of margaritas for Cinco de Mayo!
In the kitchen whipping up a masterpiece.
I know when I finally get married my wife ain't gonna never wanna cook lol
When you're trying to avoid someone but they constantly keep texting you...
Please get the hint and gimme some space.

Follow her, she has AMAZING Tweets.
Best tweets ever British Accent
Not Tiara?
RT : I decided my new doctorg name will be Tierra En Fuego.
Unless it has already been taken by
I could not love the doctorveInMob any more than I do.
RT : If professorssors taught their lectures in songs, I'd be a collegiate genius
Sir!
shit!
I meant Thank you, Sir.
HOLY JESUS!!!
What a tremendous article.
I spent much of it thinking what a travesty that you didn't have a book deal.
That's the spirit!
In need of a ringer??
Packed house of at Bice Ristorante in Gaslamp watching Nathan on NBC 7 Debate sdmayor.
Come by and see Nathan after debate!
that is beautiful!
i think i am lets say 25
Check out art while enjoying dinner/cocktails!
Jelly's is hosting a Sake dinner, the Grand is hosting a Wine Social tonight 6pm!
Thanx for following, Deanna!
Here's to living a life filled with adventure and fun!
You're a idget!
You like hemisterids more then Paul pierce?
Sicko
: Only 139 tickets allotted for all LA fans traveling to Portland?
Really?
That's kind of silly...
MLS

you gotta let mfs know that no matter what 
I want to watch new girl, but it's not on anymore.
Wahhhh:
you're welcome.
Something new?
Tranquil pleasures last the longest; we are not fitted to bear the burden of great joys
RossOslo was an incremental approach.
Rabin said we can't solve the big issues now.
We have to build a relationship first
no I don't message me on here.
Motherfucks thing just because it black history month other race cant talk shit .
I hate that shit I wish a motherfucka would promise
RT: Just want u to know I care to and I'm just a normal kid.
Care to what??
Grammar, kid!
C'mon, killin' me...
My stress and oomfs stress  war.
if you're going 2 gouge buyers  sellers at least fix your site so it renders properly on firefox!
: Ravens safety Ed Reed is taking BP for the orioles Dude def has range!
Al Gore has my vote.
If it wasn't for Facebook or twitter no one would know you so stop acting important your still a hoochie bidge
Brain is spinning between two great conversations tonight libchat and yalitchat.
Thank God for twitterfall.
according to that study, they are also underpaid.
I BETTER SEE YOU!
I'M COMING TOMORROW!
:D
Sam gets some applause.
Iona doesn't appear to be very good at the basketball.
good day today.
Home and time for dinner
thanks y'all!
;D
election season: the time when we pretend that one politician is more ethical than another.
Had one of the oddest things happen to me after running tonight.
Then it proceeded to get just plain bad.
2nd close out game in a row where Bynum is playing like a dog.
Guy has talent but no heart most nights.
ya'll should have won.
Chains from fashion show for sale!
Hit me up if interested!
Wow!
All the crazies are out today!
Oiy this is gonna be a long day.
1 thing u must knw about money is how to make it all back after u spend it...
You're never too old to watch the Bachelorette.
the world is full of magic, you just have to believe in it
Redskins FF Follow for all your skin news!
Utah Seeks More Latinos to Adopt Childoctorn  Fox News
if you cant buy your girl flowers atleast once a month
SaySomethin is stuck in my head I LOVE THAT SONG!
asdfghjkl;
America WANTS TO KNOW: Why do kochbros A.L.E.C.
Conspirators hire stupid inept irrascible General Counsel like Mark Holden?
Fast Car by Boyce Avenue WILL change your music taste :
Likely.
I am curious to read it as a librarian, but no interest personally.
And, I'm not wasting a credit on it.
Ive been reading your site for the past couple of hours.
Lovin it!
Im so ready for ths journey in embracing my
Promoting Safety In The Street And On The Web: Educational Games Teach Internet Safety to Childoctorn Online At ...
I'm just gonna do a cookout in a park cause its gonna be hot saturday  I'm putting my mom  everyones else bday with mines
Inkdt has much in the works...stay tuned.....
Yeah buddy!
We went hard today :

I'm On My A Game NEVER On That BullShit.
You On Your BullShit Cuz You Ain't ℕever Gonna Be Shit.
.
.
Happy Veteran's Day!!!
I think snapwomen know how to laugh at themselves and not take life too seriously!
Have fun!
JUST FRENSS KENNY A FUCKINN LIERR I BEAT HIS FUCKINN ASS ON MY MAMA HEAD I AM
what about her pouhotee
Pretending you didn't know about the phone hacking was/is the veriest ignorant argument.
knows that when Tweedle beetles battle w/paddles in a puddle,they call it a tweetle beetle puddle paddle battleReady for next Trivia Night!
fuck.
That's super awesome.
I have been really well fed these past six days, REAL well fed.
Must.
Start.
Diet.
Tomorrow..
I'm so excited for tomorrow!
Ahhhhhg!
c:
The first thing I notice on a person is their shoes.
that awkward moment when you have to tell your male gym teacher that you can't swim because of....girl reasons.
:S
We got caught in so much traffic so we can't make it to the Cal Tech concert but now we are shoppin' lol.
Enough house stuff already.
Yoga, tea, and a book, please!
Saudi Prince Invested in Twitter ttp://tinyurl.com/cyw64sl
Why You Might Sell Your Home Over the years, there are many occasions that arise that may cause you to want to sell your home.
The reason
yes constantly!
Best investment in music ive made!
lol he has his gf but we argue all the time i just wanna kill him sumtimes but he has a place in my heart
ps I have something in my apartment that's
But you held your pride like you should've held me.
Finally got the twitter app for my G2 so now I can update and not have to be in front of my computer  Bout time lol.
A word is not the same with one writer as with another.
One tears it from his guts.
The other pulls it out of his overcoat pocket....
Am I awake or asleep..?
it's your birthday?!
Happy Birthday!
70 degree weather all week in march.
Spotted Cow doctorft in hand.
Maybe I should move back.
Are you living life like a rockstar?
look at me now im fresh than a motherfker
Did you know milk snakes attack cows and suck milk from their udders?
You'll get it.
Don't worry, hang in there!
such a good day for a DC adventure with some amazing people!
is now Follow accordingly!
Watching Mothers Day!!!New version!!
It's a beautiful day at the beach : RT : Heading to beach in less than an hour : yay
finally recovered from Thurs!
Rehersal and bachelorette doctorss shopping :
The real beauty in business ownership is who you become during the process.
My wildcats are playing GOOD ball!
ya I'm good but I'm still sick!
Wawawaa meds aren't helping!
:
tonights WOD, wait for it ...
maxing out on the lifts and squats.
I KNOW you're shocked!
I feel bad for the KCAL9 news girl that had the stroke on live television but luckily she now has a team of neurologists running tests.
Looked like he finally knew how to hit last Saturday vs.
Cards.
Getting ready to head to this Interview
I be ready to wrap my hands around a niggas neck!
Good morning SGGC.
M!!!!!
Yes!
Going to the sponsor party next Wednesday 
haha thatd be kinda cool actually.
Dang those Steam deals this week were just crazy.
Hope you had a blast downloading this weekend.
Wha...wha...what's that I hear?....A....SLAUGHTER SPECIAL tomorrow??
At the Clifton Forge Armory???
OH MAN!!!!
While on a trip to So Africa, Shakira was attacked by a sea lion.
The story has to be true, bc the story was reported by Shakira's hips
You have 14 chance left to talk to me after that my phone dies and stays dead until I'm calm enough to charge it again.
thank you Madison!
:
In honor of Billy Crystal hosting the Oscars tonight, I think I will go watch one of the most powerful films ever made, My Giant.
Josef Newgarden just crashed coming out of turn 4.
too many to watch.
Wish I had a DVR.
At 2 you have to keep your eye on the AMGEN Tour of California
There are better ways to be woken up than by an earthquake.
Music can change the world because it can change people
Gallery Night Pick: Hot Pop, not even sure who they have, but I've never been disappointed by the work they've got up yet.
Tryin to stay positve but got so much on the brain.
I need a life line.
Sweet feeling of pounding headache
I dunno, they get paid pretty well.
Unions and all that guaranteeing a nice wage and stuff..
NOW BOARDING FLIGHT 420 
Me too I love spring break:
I couldn't agree more :
please send info about your Miami, FL program to me at
ThingsThatPissGirlsOff when you call them fat, make them pay for themselves on a date, look at other girls, dissagree with them.
RT : There should be a loathe this option on Facebook
aw I want to be there!
So badly!
There is a time to take counsel of your fears, and there is a time to never listen to any fear.
General George S.
Patton
Last weekend for ordering prints for the holidays without rush fees.
How did 'doctor not come up with that...
Police patrolling in cars waiting for a call to come in is reaction to crime while foot patrol works to prevent crime.
Which do you prefer?
PS you started putting our business on twitter not me
wouldn't that be, maybe, every Marx Brothers movie ever?
whats going on with your music
Latin Perspective offers podcasts of Latin Jazz shows for whoever is interested.
Pittsburgh RT : All you can eat crab legs tonight.
Two doctornk minimum PGH
Infant Cozy Cow Costume
I hate when I'm mad at someone and they make me laugh.
Thank you!
Eminim songs never get old
What do you call an Irishman who's been left out in the cold and snow all winter?
Patty O'Furniture
That who/which line's incredibly hard to doctorw.
Haven't made full peace with mine yet, still in flux.
Advice welcome.
Some hoes be trying so hard to be one of the boys.
Stop tryna be down...
Hawaiian Poke Bowl will be at new locations around the bayarea!
Stay tuned to find out where!!!
Congratulations to all students testing this weekend.
Good job everyone!!!!!
instagram now Twitter, really upping your social media game lady
I want to travel everywhere!
Anyone need a study abroad advisor/companion?
Heading to Everest BC in April.
Would like to learn more.
Eric
Phil Humber perfect game!!!
I go bye this quote: Every time you SNEEZE somebody is thinking of you33
SandersSundays is the best part of Sunday 3 I always look forward to it on Sundays .
Hope you keep doing this !
3
Wow I really need to go to Albuquerque now!
RT : Trying to organize a viewing party.
RSVP to watch Battleship in IMAX on Rihanna's forehead next Friday.
Who's in?
This person was astonishingly computer illiterate, but I still hold a grudge against NB for that one.
where were you ms.
Teen?
What movie did you see?
:D
hmm...good point.
I guess I could look in iTunes and see
Trying to make FIIF a thing, as in doctornks at lunch?
FuckItItsFriday.
Okay, if you're at the aam2012 opening party and you haven't found the band on the 3rd flr, GET UP HERE!!
On a train to London with knowledge that I will miss follow the sun 2012.
Not a good week so far, but there is still time to turn it around.
Open Bar 69pm Friday!
Rock out to the !
At the newest hotspot
I'll sleep when I'm dead
just as uncalled for as there's we're.
Stick to kissing celebrity butt.
excuse me?
oh hell no
Thanks for following!
We help finance startups/co's that are premature for bank lines.
Looking forward to connecting.
Happy Friday
No blackandwhite yet; not sure I can stand to leave ginamckee.
, was she in ANYTHING else of note?
Lol his face is priceless
Aim above morality.
Be not simply good, be good for something.
If you're still sober look for us in the parade!
Hey!
4 min left.
Please shove more coach K coverage down our throat.I mean I could read about the OSU game tomorrow Im sure.
All the same...
ice cream.
Would never expect that, especially since you work at a bar RT : doctornk people everywhere
Thank you to our women and men in uniform and all our veterans for your service to our country.
Depressed people are so sad to be around.
Downers really.
At least i have mine in check and don't mope.
Qualifying is done and the boys leave for the Hamilton Invitational in New York on Thursday!
Criminal law defines the nature of and punishments for offenses of a public nature or wrongs committed against the state or society.
At the movies..
watching women in black
Hospital food sucks but, today just enjoying the rest.
Two atents replaces all fixed up
GoodMorning wonderful people!!
10 minutes into asana this morning, realized I was in a room full of professorssional ballet dancers.
we should be lol
Windy City, join PENMember Nathan Englander  Etgar Keret for a reading 6pm  Chicago Sinai Temple
been good man, yea ive been putting my work in, how you been dude?
Golf course!
erl12 Kuali OLE  JISC working together on an open knowledge base construction Global Open knowledge base GOkb
No particular level, but definitely higher.
that Mario Serrano is pretty great!
I like it because I can get a lot of visualization despite being most comfortable with serverside rendering.
It's too cold for me to be walking across campus
How's it looking on Oahu?
Wondering if my condo in Mililani is going to be affected
Is this really happening?
Thanksgiving is THIS week?
Wow.
Oh gotcha!
I've heard a few of these....
I can ask questions at NATO debate.
What questions do you want answered?
Tweet me!
Wowww picked a salad over pizza  something is wrong with me
Now I do appreciate the tutorial and will try to learn however slowly.
www.afrigeneas.com/forumc
It's official!
Next Friday come by Voltage for our next opening exhibition by Christina Watka!!
Ppl tryna do a winner take all in this senior tag.
Ppl argued when it was no prize y would this work lol
That man makes me mad every time he opens his mouth.
Black mob my ass.
I been awol from yoga too long.
Saw a guy diggin in a dumpster for food and I felt nothin
D.
Wade needs to burn his Jordan contract
mister Romney has his hair done like Paulie Walnuts from The Sopranos.
I feel like doctoriiinkin and daaaancin..
But instead, I've gotta go to bed bc I have school tm.
great tweet that's what I thought you should get one then some of these jokes
wondering how well twitter and facebook will play together
Just announced his chip stack as bout three fiddy on ESPN3 broadcast  poker ambassador extraordinaire
really?
He's right next to me!
Time for Korean doctormas!
Boys Over Flowers!
RT : Getting so stuck in preparation that you never get started will stop you right in your tracks every time.
amen!
People will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you.
How strong you stand is what MAKES you.
You are right.
The phrasing is so Tweetable.
But nothing quite compares to the live performance.
awwhh!
i hope it goes well :
A bird pooped on me yesterday on the Universal lot.
Someone said that's good luck.
Hoping so.
COME ON ROYALS ONE MORE OUT!
Yo bike life in philly was sick.
Yo want any videos hit me up
RT : Cool Ranch iPhone screen.
My twin sis  I have mad love for you 3 xoxoxoxoxo
thanks for mentioning FIT on your latest show!
A DC student recently told us she looks forward to hearing it every week.
nope chanel remember..
Elizabeth Taylor is gorgeous, beautiful, and she still is today, I'm crazy about her.
Michael Jackson
They call me nasty!:
Maybe if i looked different things woild change for the better
Never realized how easily Stairway to Heaven translates to Flamenco.
It's great to meet you, Cristina's a sweetheart!
Is Summer your real name?
:
where the carnival?
GOP!
Ramp it up/jettison political correctness.
Future of AMERICA at stake.
Core issue to EARN White House is COURAGE LEADS!
Guillen says dumb things and people rally to fire him, but Petrino lies about an affair with an underling and there's a rally to save him?

They're all in Miami?
Don't entertain wicked thoughts, cast them down!
Call on the Lord!
Please please please RT the last tweet:
Get ready Spokane...were coming to melt some faces...check out all of our tour dates and come to a show near you!!!
Enjoying Arizona!
Just took a look at it today!!!
Nice!!!!
Yankees/Knicks/Rangers/RBNY decided to play at the same time, on the same day, in some cases in New York.
We stan for a flop.
It's the sad truth.
At least she's not a total and complete flop.
Just a semiflop.
glasshalffull :/
20ThingsAboutMe; 20.
I've only ever made one serious promise in my life and I intend on keeping it my whole life.
:
hey thanks for the mention:
My love is his  his is mine.
my friend became the love of my life
Im suprised how much gymnastics i can still do .
Im still really god ;D
grammar dating game??
gimme more details.
They're playing in this place right now!
I just became the most fun patron in the Firestone public house.
Successful night at the gym
yes!!!
The big, beautiful, new artist apartment!
You'll have to come play in it ;
SNO Clothing Photo Shoot Yesterday went extremely well, Look book will be posted on website shortly.
www.SnoClothing.com
I've seen a many crazy things here in Vegas.
Just when u think uve seen the craziest, someone else comes along and surprises you.
My boys are on retreat.
This week is gonna suck at school..
No!
I'd totally love to look it over...
perhaps on Monday, after I hand in my line edits to my publisher.
; Link?
I thought the game was a 10 it had all the makings of a Hollywood movie.
skating is the best cure to a hockey loss day.
especially with your best bud from up north.
Thanks for following!
How did you hear about bartab?
Poetry  Prose featuring the Shrimp Boat Project Monday, October 24th at 5:30pm...
On to southern Portugal today.
Happy at how well Skype worked for a meeting yesterday.
2.3 cents/min isn't bad.
Thanks for tuning in, Chandoctor!
RT : So glad I caught it.
A great segment.
It's no fun if it's not slippery  Dad explaining the purpose of lube....
I'm in so much pain from them tightening my braces yesterday.
Fuck everyone today.
I have two people that might be interested.
dm me your email addoctorss
We are looking for a new second guitar player.
Hit us up if you wanna try out!
my name is Larissa!
If you went to or wanted to please follow us.
We can't follow U back if U don't!
You know who you are!
:D Damn twitter rulz
roasted chickpeas are amazing!
Enjoy :
Summer is here when there is not alot to do but golf, work and chill!
January 15th  Firestone..
Show starts  6.
Contact us for tickets, 321 202 3911.
Yea!
Studio Journal coming soon!
Check out Fit Physique Radio at this weekends Europa Get Fit  Sports expo...in Orlando
Have you been doing more Google as a result?
All good, man!
A2.
College hoops play might not be as highlevel as in decades past, but it sure ain't hurtin' the NCAA bottom line.
step brothers 
i love you more!!
I remember when all my family members use to meet up at one another's house an at the end no one ever wanted to leave
in my room.
The fuck u think lol
Guess who has two thumbs and is spinning hella old school chicago ghetto tracks tomorrow on kunv?
This guy, right here.
When one is past 30, one can about half comprehend the weather.
Chinese proverb.
In a new language, tell us what the weather is like!
big day  using snowblower, hacking more velocity/css/perl and looking into AWS pricing
Hot soup and Elvis in Blue Hawaii.
A great start to my weekend off!
Hey!
Would it be possible to get an interview?
:
Thanks for the great tweets this week!
Have an awesome weekend!
.RT : Ask  you shall receive.
YAYAYAYAY !
Omg pumped !!!!
We'll be juniors on a mission havin' a party!!!!
you sholl don't use em on me
Standard Flat Fee Order  Portland MLS Direct received a new entry.
Tip 194: Relationships aren't always as they seem, so before you become envious of another THANK GOD for what you have!
: I'm sick of insomnia
Cajun and Montreal seasoned chicken with tomatoes and green chillis mixed with white rice!!
Deep in the heart of Houston international
Working evenings tonight for KUSI News at 6, 10 and 11pm.
Join us!!
John Terry scoring.
No justice in life whatsoever
T party
The great thing about morning....
Is the fact you get to shape the rest of your day!
Make the most of it!
Got it, and I am sorry about your loss.
Speaking today at an international airlines human resource professorssional group.
Airlines I doctoram of flying on.
I love listening to neutral announcers on National Television, idiots or not.
All I know is, I don't give a shit if Prince Fielder can bunt.
We want to give a big thank you to our sponsors and to everyone that came out to support us this Saturday at the Cavalcade!
Much love!
:D
you DO!
And EJ did work today!
:P
So happy to be back in Bloomington with my crazy friends
Hey guess what?
is probably the most amazing person ever just saying 3
ha, I've realized this is a major trend.
How/why is pinterest so popular now?
HAPPY CDAY HYPE R.I.P
33Across team is present!
Looks like its gonna be scary movies all night : hate watchin em alone but it'll do for now
Catch my article on a Mission Hills 2on1 lot remodel in feb '11 issue of SD Home/GardenI use my pen name Tom Shess.
Tnx.
Way to go Mac.
he was getting hacked!
U know it too!
Haha
Good Luck Today Going for the sweep!!
SECsoftball Tourney is just around the corner now
I think Raleigh needs a twitter!
2BeHonest i hate your guts and i don't want to be friends anymore...
Betting most Coyotes fans could have gotten a five minute misconduct for what they just did to their TV or seats.
WEDNESDAY NITE CLUB XSCAPE ALL BLACK AFFAIR....
cool I hope u have fun were ever u are
Love exploding that it bring dead to life.
brewers beast mode in Milwaukee
Glad you could get dinner in We've been ok, but are expecting a good chance to lose electricity t'nite.
Can't even spell doctornken right smh
Snow!
In the air  on the ground!
Now's the time to check out our sweet fleet of rental FatBikes!
Surly Pugsleys  Salsa Mukluks!
Ride 'em!
Goldfinger  Thunderball
You remind me of guy that i once knew ..
let me know when you ever see Blake doctorve the lane and take contact and get to the line.
I will be waiting until I'm ancient.
iv always loved him...everyone knows that
Shout Out Right back atcha homie
Love your blog!
We appreciate Southern style!
Highschool made everyone either cool, uncool, bisexual, real, fake, pregnant, doctorpouts, alcoholics, pot heads or somewhere in jail.
What?
Rly??!
This guy was an OG.
Still have his book.
: RIP
good night my luvs...saying a prayer for all of my followers 3
why do all the hot guys gotta be gay:/
I don't know why I hate it so much here but I do
Wondering why HomelandSecurity wanted to follow me.
Hmm.
Was that someone's idea of a joke or big brother?
PRODUCER/RECORDING ENGINEER.
WORKING ON EVERYTHING FROM HIP7RB TO ROCKREGGAE...OPERATING INBETWEEN FLORIDA,USA  JAMAICA W.I.
Enjoying this weather, time to take the dog out again.
Tracking, tracking, tracking.
I thank you to all who follow me
I can't wait for my Hawaii photo album with all these amaze camera pics to come!
hheheh!
x
Best cabbie ever
The poorest man is not without a cent, but without a doctoram.
wish you were here!
Miss you!
I'm sick of companies getting mad at me for not paying my bills.
Now Playing  High Plains doctorfter
Starting my day off with dancy Swedish group
Indiana is a 12point Vegas favorite vs.
Penn State today.
Seem about right?
Hoosiers beat Penn State by avg of 12.5 pts.
in reg.
season.
This is your last day to receive 40 off holiday merchandise at the Katzen Museum Store.
Visit from 114 pm!
: I need a Yamaha Waverunner FZR in my life awesome fun gadget show worldtour I 2nd that!
JETSNATION PUT YOUR HOODS UP!
Go
I'm such a nice person  :
I know I'm so impressed!
They need to step it up though :/ this shouldn't be a repeat of series 1 !
MiamiHeat you are our champions and you all have the hearts of champions.
Heck yeah I'll follow Quinn!
I didn't know you were out there.
fewer photographs tho, sigh, guess you can't have it all!
:
Great, thanks.
Also, will number porting be possible?
thanks!
Here's my twitter handle:
Stars are gone
Alright, DMing the boys!
got you there!
:
The daily grind...
but after today I get a 3 day weekend!
Maybe someone missed the memo on when we were having Memorial Day this year?
:
Sumetimes i feel like givin' up...
But sumthin keeps tellin me to keep pushin' tho...
I jus want to make music Y is there so much in da way?
The great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Damn I slept for 12 hours lol
I like quotes.
This one is good.
RT : Patience with others is love.
Patience with self is hope.
Patience with God is faith!
RT Redd Alert...Redd leading the Suns with 8pts off the twine in his season debut in the 1st Qrt on League Pass.
Cavs and Suns tied 30.
Having my coffee to get my 4th of July going...
Ugh!
I could really use a time machine right now
thank you!
: happy friday
Go look up The Choc'late Mousse: Pie Bar on Facebook!
It's so cool!
a great morning song is Sweet Caroline by Neil Diamond.
We will be watching you score a goal at Houston next week.
hahah i like it soo much better than FB.but yeah, text me if you are actually going to a movie sometime soon.
haha.
Who ever is In my friends twitter better give it back is just wrong fuck I'm mad please give it back please
I splash some on every morning!
as a fellow lover of all things pumpkin...I feel the need to tell you that the pumpkin spice kcups are amazing.
you will have me in your hands tomorrow...wait....
RT : China has demonstrated why Cloud Computing will never be trusted.
The Internet can be shut down at a whim
everything happens for a reason lol
At oberwise ice cream shoppe and I really jus want a sample of it all...
Best ice cream ever
yay congrats you beautiful bitch!
oxoxox
DYK: Teachers can checkout materials from and study at the Science House HowCoolisThat MNEarthDay Open teacher friendly hours 3:306 pm
He's suspending his campaign now.
Interesting.
congrats Ryan and Erin!
time to celebrate...
Ill be putting pics up what wboy stadium looks with super bowl stuff and wet snow in about 25 min.
Check it out !!
Derek Jeter is one of Barbara Walter's Most Fascinating People this year.
See him on the special on December 14th, , 9:30PM ET.
Watch Sarkozy v Hollande, care to comment?
Heard it was long, fairly unstructured, using/critiquing stats.
Very different from US debates?
they said they love you too 3 n so do I
What's everybody up to tonight?
: Super Lintendo.
sorry but Lintendo is pretty damn lintastic
I'm just saying that your mom is the kind of women who knows her way around a boner UPS guy to Fedex guy in my office
Back to school stuff most of the day today, then tomorrow High School registration, my baby will be a freshman!
Yikes!
good morning ladies!
Hope all is well!
psst..we're looking to hire a production manager, operations and finance directors for , pass it on.
Coming Soon  MilwaukeeCoupons.com
Keep in mind there are over 400 listings so keep checking back.
To Orlando in June w/
Today at OSCon, awesome update on the state of PHP frameworks and a great tutorial on Node.JS by
:I need to holla at you hit me on facebook.com WILLIAM COTTON: ima comedian/actor
but then you wouldn't have got kissed on again!!
Haha Stan and Roger sing how I live by twiztid.
Anyone else noticing the impact of the smoke haze around the county?
Throat was killing me after a hard MTB ride.
We have 10 years of wrecked and junk car removal experience.
We offer cash for old vehicles for all of Atlanta and surrounding areas....
9 bucks a pop, but it beats paying 60 at the hairdoctorsser's, who will burn my tresses silly.
My hair has never been softer.
thank you for the support !
:
On 2/1/2012 we'll have our grand opening at the Pittsburgh Mills Mall.
If we're being serious about it, there are two time periods: before and after Bryan Adams.

Kid is having a hell of a day at the plate!
CareerDay!
My dog is such a cry baby omg.
Thanks!
See y'all tomorrow!
haha i hear ya there!
i'll be getting doctornk in redgranite, i'll doctornk to 10 years out of HS.
:
Yeah!
Where is the new one at?
I thought the old one was gone.
One more week of a school left 
Don't get us in trouble
RT if you think gaga should release the American tour dates
And there you have it!
Jones for the win!
No moreso or less than yours is my pt.
RT That, sir, is called circular logic.
We are rolling along and looking forward to MAY 12!
good workout feeling good now fresh out the shower bout to eat and study the playbook C
Yep, sure do.
Private student lenders operate in the normal banking system.
Thus, should be subject to normal laws
you might be interested in
Let's ditch the Dores nickname,
I fucked up completely!!!!
Ah fuck!
I'm so upset.
God I'm stupid
Aw, sorry to miss you!
Hopefully we can catch up at MCN2012 : , you in?
reservation set  Thanks!
follow my girl ReeseTewKutee
About time.
Queer.
Raffi Torres is a sad disgrace for a fatfaced, creepy ginger.
RT : It's not really love if it's not the truth.
G/M tweeters!!!!
Whether youre curling, straightening, or whatevering, applying product 10 minutes in advance helps it fully absorb into your strands.
That moment when your listening to music in class and u want to start singing along with song but u cant.
What's your favorite color?
Check this page out.
very cool analysis of colors in advertising and design.
See where your tastes fit!...
Lol just dirty.!!!
yay!
Omg my ankle hurt for a week when I feel, I rolled it!
whatastupidwaytogetaninjury!
;
Thanks for sharing!
Branding yourself online will soon replace the resume.
Certified resume editors, beware!
I don't think they are seeking your attention it must be the air thats making them tweet you silly boy
That's easy for an ex trombone player like me.
I'm getting sleepy and by the time we wrap the sun will be coming up...
but all I want to do when I lay down is read Game of Thrones.
thanks for the RT
literally caught every red light on my way to school this morning
Thanks for the support!
RT : Just seen u on Fox 5 news, I'll be  your book signing!!
MAUH!!
evening of Wednesday April 18th!
I'll send you details closer to the date :
Thanks for the follow.
Let us know how we may be of assistance.
Especially our Sidebeat Music Show
Chakra Khan is my favorite.
Nicely done.
Radar shows strong storm over Eldersburg moving toward Baltimore city and southwestern Baltimore county
WHAT?!
NO!
Bout to go finish the beat n start a new one
Some of these girls now days have been ran through more than a finish line at a race track.
1 Free dessert per table with purchase of entree on us all week when you check into Oz on Yelp or Foursquare!
Gotta make it happen today.
I am taking over the world so watch out!
just a game!
Have fun!
Quack quack quack, mister Ducksworth!
like he splash it all down his neck smh
I love that it is 8:30pm and still light out!
I have to go to bw3's tonight
it's all love hope you find her lmao 
Want to see some real talent?
The women in The Rosalila www.eastlarep.com are crazy good!
Opens November 12th  check it out!
some of the whales were dead and bloody.
It was very gross and distracting.
And they were all pics saved to his computer.
Save a horse.
Ride a cowboy.
Giddyup!
Why what's happening?
what happened?
I know this is a state worker lament and won't get sympathy from others, but I really wish that Friday was Cesar Chavez Day, Observed.
I do have claas
still gonna google that mug lol
Haters you can kiss my ass foul bitches
Happy Leap Day!
Use it wisely!....To Tivity and Beyond!!!
What's good bruh!
retweet if u ever tripped over ur feet  tried to play it off with a light jog.
.
.
Cody, follow plz?
Gotta meet you and talk music, you down?
If you're writing a dissertation, or any other long document, you should check out Scrivener.
It's really helping me organize my writing.
PS lola just got into the game she recently signed with Taylor Gang...She is gonna save hip hop what u kno bout selling out
Unfun a 4yrold who wakes up at 1, demands the RIGHT lovie/blankie, up again at 2 for something to doctornk  generally won't go to sleep.
we are totally having tacos for dinner.
;
Shits and giggles.
I love the work you do digging into what the statistics are really saying.
Just arrived at SXSW  excited to see all the new things happening and talk
oh awesome : I was gonna say if they have MG you should go you deserve to meet him :
Super Moon, Derby Day, Cinco de Mayo  a trifecta!
The word for today is wayzgoose.
an annual employees' dinner or outing.
Do you have the proper incentives in place?
Oh big head dang y so mean I am doing pretty good I come home at the end of May to visit can't wait.
New post: ChargerCity GPS Garmin Nuvi Windshield ball  socket suction cup mount  Bracket unit holster bundle for Garmin
We loved having you all!
RT : Really enjoyed the companymeeting yesterday
And his was kidneys
I may be English but proud to support home nations abroad so come on Wales
We're doing ok!
Working too much...but relaxing today!
Trying to figure out how to get more Likers on our FB page....LOL!
U?
Thanks for coming everyone!
Have a great night!
The Kingdom on Bluray..
Dope shit!!
2nd that on careless whisper.
Bababananas!!
See you tonight!
sipping off mcdo's ketchup.
OMG!
Just met and shook the hand of Madeleine Albright.
Love working at
Free Classifieds
One thing about family, you gotta stick by they side, even when they doing wrong..
Leaving to go to Jersey tomorrow with the family...I'm so excited!
c:
good, well I'll be around.
Hit me up if anything.
Stay blessed
guys that wear some subtle makeup are hot!
Lol.
Thats why hes a superstar Mike D....thats why...give him the ball!
Melo glad Mike D is gone!
doubt it RT : Is this what blue balls feel like?
Creating,maintaining promoting successful business websites is tough  resourceconsuming.For not all websites  webmasters R created equal
That moment you get your phone and laptop back you just feel complete:
we finally agree on something!
Go badgers!
On Wisconsin......
haha thanks love you too
Ok LADIES think you got what it takes think you're HOT enter the CHALLENGE and lets find out 50k for the WINNER plus a modeling contract.
I disagree wholeheartedly.
That's exactly the kind of elitist attitude that keeps people away from classical music.
Dunkin Donuts and snickerdoodles in the offices!
I'm going to miss for many reasons, treats being one of them.
Neva will I HATE ...
I gotta admit, I hate doing math so if you guys could allow the option to have a detailed timestamp date, that'd be great!
They can't scare me, if I scare them first  Lady Gaga
New BMO Pavilion offering free blue circle seat pass to get u good seats up front.
2500 per show.
More to come.
3 more chances.
Combining traditional print, mobile QRcodes, logistics and mom buying from home will track consumer behavior
Death to the vending machine u bastard
alright best friend will do.
N u gotta get rid of that metro
The best Sales organizations have tight integration with Marketing and Strategy
My phone is really 'f'ing up
You're welcome.
Happy Founder's Day!
hnhgar i cant get over it
And I hate when niggas joke at the register like can you pay for it.
Bitch you got more money in your pocket then ill make in 3 months wrkn
It Always Seems Impossible Until its All Done.
Nelson Mandela
Doing well!
Busy but it's cool b/c I'm doing what I love.
I've been busy before  not working toward my goals, so I'm thankful.
i still don't get how you let her give you a hickey on your CHEEK dude lol
Good job Tom!
Bloomberg....
Wow
27 days until I graduate from Can't wait to start on the milelong list of things to do with my newfound free time!
For every missed shot in taxes there is always a rebound for reasonable cause in the form of an amendment...
you mean a frownie upside down :
In fact, if you have a home bundle package with and you're paying more than 100120/month...smh...you need to Inbox me
Wow some random girl on the bus turned around and said this is really random but your really pretty
what's good broham?
It is fantastic you have a doctorft done, all I have is an outline that I keep revising.
How many 99 cent slices do you dare to eat for lunch?
Attempt missed.
Carlos Salcido right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right.
Assisted by Guardado.
u r so black u got mistaken 4 a giant charcoal
I'm ugly as hell folkz
If she sends you a text with a period at the end
weak ass fight!!!
I'm in total sympathy.
Truly.
Sorry that there's always the inevitable causeandeffect in whatever choices we make.
thank you brotha!
goodmorning sunshine im sure ur still sleeping huh lol gym time woman get in there and get to work lol thanks for the hug:
Thanks for the props , and ...
appreciates!
Lookin' forward to the last set of musical shows this weekend!
i hope one day we get married just to say we fucking did it.
awh thank you :
checking out a preview of the spring flower show!
Getting back into the swing of things is easier than it looks ...
My body is in another time zone
HOLLY CRAP LIL JON  WET ULTRA LOUNGE TONIGHT call NOW 9154492066, DUH WINNING!!!
WET ULTRA LOUNGE  LIL JON TONIGHT
Man...I was just thinking the other day, Playoff Hockey needs more Nickleback.
vivo's off manor is always a staple for a date night for me.
RT : Good luck to the Eagle Men's golf team this week at Nationals....
Go make some history fellas!
didn't win but still felt great I was nominated.
I appreciate your support  votes.
We'll get em next year :
What did you expect BITCH
Justin Tuck was the MVP.
If you watched the video or listen to the show you also know that I'm a Manning fan...
On the fuckin mans I hate wall lockers
RT Thank God Beyonce had her baby and can go back to work.
For past 6 months family's had to live entirely on JayZ's salary.
So we were so close on our upset call for game one.
Whats your prediction for tonight!?
Mavs?
Thunder?
exactly, and hold back from friends imo, i won't tell a friend something that i heard that will hurt
Um, yeah.
Pretty much.
I just might take it there ;
Q: Is wireless the same as satellite?
A: Unlike satellite which transmits into space, we are transmitting only a few miles
lol.
Do YOU think it'll end?
Ain't been on this mf in a min
This man is cursing at the shuttle as he's going down a 1way street 
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do
Regular price tickets to Tanzania are 1890 but with a latepurchase discount via tripadvisor on Turkish airways only 1130!
I'm ready for an extra large with every topping imaginable.
Members Card Pacers 2
that's cool:
Z I need more sleep or more caffeine....hm?
Where are my lasertacos?
Or was that just a pretty lie?
Happy Earth Day!
He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire.
what's going on, addings workouts, nutrition database etc.
is all hosed
It's not denial, I'm just very selective about the reality I accept.
Haha.
The best part about Mondays!
oh god.
Why do I know you
: Getting high and then getting some fucking cheeseburgers huh Randy
Happy Birthday It was great meeting you last week.

Indian School and east of the 101, but we got in big trouble by the tribe, so it's not a suggested location :
Had a great gallery crawl Saturday through the LES and the Bowery w/ Thanks for organizing a great event!
which reminds me that I have to try the new cider made.
The laws of physics don't apply to cats.
You know I will.
:
YEAH BUDDY ROLLING LIKE A BIG SHOT preppy voice im gangster yo.
u miss me:
Saying thanks to great people like you sometimes does not do justice for the gratitude we have for ya!
NICE!!!!
Good luck and make sure to smoosh Snook...haha
only way to wear it in my opinion!
Do you think it's ok for people to call men dicks/assholes/pricks/jerkoffs or what have you?
Not being argumentative.
Curious.
RT For those that missed the last Saturday, this is 7 hours of serving beer in 1 minute
I've been back in LA for 2 days and I'm coughing so much!
Smog alert!!
Thanks for Following!
I love to connect with RVA tweeps!
U JELLY HATER.
: Good mornin everyone!!!!!good morn
Day 6 lunch: avocado and yellow pepper, salt and pepper, olive oil.
Starting up a personal FB page world!!!!
Don't get offended if you are not on that page.
This one is for close friends and family.
RT : I am responsible for accepting or choosing the values by which I live.
bell hooks
Hair appointment at 10.
obviously.
He choked.
RT : View yourself and the world with compassion and understanding
Well aren't you a smart one!
elementaryschoolmemories Heads down, thumbs up!
There were like 15 parts left out and that was VERY disappointing!
That made me mad!
It was very confusing.
:/
Jaguars GM Gene Smith compares punter Bryan Anger to Shane Lechler.
For a 3rd round pick, he better be.
GWWiseAgg is the only venturebackable idea, judging by the program
We get it that you made good grades...now stfu and quit making every post about how great you and your grades are.
Hilarious!
Unfortunately, you are probably right!
: Raisins are my new addiction.
When I have my first daughter, I'm naming her esabella.
First knitting after busy week at doctorpalchi: turning the heel on Cat Bordhi's Dove socks.
Had the overwhelming urge to systematically reorganize every closet in my house.
Weirdest mood ever.
Fucking Vorlons.
Why can't they just say what they mean?
I think they are brain damaged.
I need the whole bottle lol RT : I need a doctornk in my voice
when it's 95 degrees out, it seems appropriate
Hah!
That was sneaked in as my you said it mum's day, surprise ;
Libraries as America's rest stops
kids contests sweepstakes
RT RT : Hide ya kids, hide ya wife, hide any and all fire extinguishers.
ok...I have you in the books for Dec 13th!!
MurrayState  Congratulations on today's victory, but you ruined a part of my bracket.
Yeah I wasted money...
What's more depressing than the people waiting for the last train at Penn back to Jersey?
Nothing.
Doing my favorite arm workout this afternoon: kneading bread dough.
i know!
Theyre too perfect!!!
RT : Strive for excellence dear.
U2
Totally should've won the Mellow pool.
Thanks, Bodemeister!
Good to hear, thank youRT : Getting lots of very positive feedback from my peeps and tweeps!
The issue with Liverpool is that midfield tired out and they have no one to bring on.
Bellamy and Carroll weren't answer as subs.
can you dm justin bieber for me ?
couldnt have said it better.
I am up and about to call it a night in the D
I would like to wish my very good friend a very Happy, Happy, Happy, Happy, Happy, Happy Birthday!!!!
A homeless man asked me if it was a clean needle I said prob not and this isnt africa I think youll be ok
lol.
awww I feel so special.
hahaha ya ; get on our level!!
Congratulations for a wonderful event!
Evodie, a 9th grader at DigitalHarbor  a student kicked it off.
lmao true, except for the casillas girls
She's the best
If the NBAowners really want competitive balance, the issue seems less about bri than about the system issues.
Brilliant  and in June we're professorled on your landing page?
Yes?
Please?
;
: instagram ok will follow I'm asiadiamond
TurnOff if all you do is call me and talk bout sex
are you kidding me?
Let me get this straight, you put your life on the line and these ass lickers get to question your actions?
Umm, so the guy using the coat hanger to get into the car, got it open, took out a backpack and then took off in the car next to it....
Thug life
I just saw you like freaking 4 hours ago!
BUT i freakin missyou !
a developer bought the property that has the oldest bar in Miami...I think we can all assume a tear down of the legendary
Why was there no one on hand with a tissue?!
James Cameron Edits Titanic 3D to Fix Inaccuracies in Nights Sky
Oh it is!
The proof is in the !
make that 28 fulltime  I forgot to include and myself.
whoops dw
idk ewe haven't heard anything and he went in at 12:30
A collective intelligence approach to achieve more in life at www.IamINC.biz!!
It's the joomla way!
Booze  community I'm self medicating.
Everyone has a story worth telling.
i need to sleep to it's 8am...
:s gone be dead tomorrow.
neways ttys.
smh...
Your still new
Reds vs.
Indians preseason baseball.
Countdown to the regular season has begun.
No Hornswoggle tonight!
This entrance is back to normal.
THANK THE LORD!
ABC News confirms Rick Santorum is suspending his campaign
No the hell i didnt dude ....
that was Andy xD
Trouble in my way I have to cry sometimes I lay awake a night but that's alright I know Jesus will fix it after while.
lol that's great!
however, it's a great pacifier for most adults
She really left :/
I AM GOING PRODUCE SOME REALLY GOOD SHOWS SOON
I suddenly have a strong urge to play duck hunt.
I'm more confused than an infant in a titty bar.
I'm not a fan, i'm a mahomie.
I'm not in a fandom, i'm in a family.
I'm not obsessed, i'm dedicated.
My love for Austin is infinite3
There is no such thing as a perfect leader either in the past or present, in China or elsewhere
Presented my GIS project to the board with great approval!
Now onto the convening tomorrow!
Exciting!
You know you're getting old when you start getting family xmas cards from your friends.
God please just help me out.
Thanks for all of those who attended our Fathers day event!!
It was a success!!
RT : Do not follow where the path may lead.
Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Robert Frost
Players in digital literacy: 89 of public libraries provide formal or informal technology training to library patrons.
Okay maybe Channel can come to that.
I am gonna be at KAA all summer so I wont make that but I can in the fall!
Due to the wildfire in the Washoe Valley area, a decisions made to evacuate all Pleasant Valley ES student to Damonte Ranch High School...
Nick Clegg's looked pretty bored for a long time now.
Lol, let me go look.
Maybe I missed it!
watching MIB II over and over ti get ready for the new one.

Is going to listen to some LA sports talk radio for the LULZ
2 sounds good, at Cafe Angelique?
I'm kinda short on  right now, coffee is about the extent of my budget.
:
Mine are June,May,December.Septembers okay.I hate going back to school tho!:
YO IN IT GURL !
LOL XD IM ALSO EDITING EVILSIRI TONIGHT!!!!
I CANT WAIT TO FINISH IT!
BUT IDK WHEN....
D: BUT SOON!!
Wind and rain last night swept away the snow.
Maples budding  may not have much time left to collect sap before seasons over.
Want 4 off on any 18 pizza?
Just give us a call, well make it happen!
Incompentent When you earnestly believe you can compensate for a lack of skill by doubling your efforts there's no end to what you can't do.
Filming my first ever commercial today...for a local pharmacy.
Starring in it!
and tonight You guys actually made me cry a little more then i wanted too.
no problem!!
want to sponsor a blogger with a laptop?
While enroute to project, TSA agent killed my laptop.
No laptop now!
Help
What is your favorite hot air balloon this year?
good song.
The value of a woman is worth more than gold.
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your doctorams.
Oprah Winfrey
Hey Bay Area, we have a ticket giveaway coming up for a show !
Stay tuned...
Watching the MayweatherCotto fight wtf with Justin he looks wasted
Movie night:
Not complaining.....
But it's actually weird knowing I won't be going back to Kent.
Come on we need this win, getting to far behind in the east!
cheers!
RT Appreciate all the contest support!
Looking forward to some home transformations :
OH MY GOD.
i just had a heart attack.
I LItterally threw my laptop across my bed!!!!!
I have never had a manicure or pedicure.
Ever.
Happy Easter 33
I hope the girl I tried to save from getting an MIP, PI, DWI, or whatever made it home safely...she was gone!
i love that book.
i got to see her speak at the la times book fest a few weeks ago.
watching Back to the Future on VH1..
best thing since Pop Up Video ;
Hi Rihanna, can I punch you in the face for old time sake??
20ThingsAboutMe im protective over whats mine, i will fuck you up over someone i love, or some good food lmao
the nightmares continue...
tonight was Transformers and dinosaurs...
complete with txt mssg from Optimus Prime.
DONT LAUGH it was scarey.
Thank you for all your support!!
That i would actually be ok with
Hey you .
What's up ?
How have you been ?
Watching The Killing and fascinated by its Seattle geography.
hello world
Yeah?
Like mega meltdown fail or just vanilla no progress fail?
yes I speak Spanish why??
pook!!!
how the H are you jeffjam??
how is Create WV?
Methodology?
and YOU???
spill the beans sir
so did that this morning!
Classic
Please give us a hint on when Perfect Strangers will be out on iTunes!!
3 the song so much!
No known positions or experience on other issues.
Issues page on his website is all boilerplate, could be anybody.
lol good move.
RT : God just doctorfted himself a hall of famer
thanks for knowing it's a busy tone, people keep calling it that beeping noise
End of the world.
Bring it on!
Leftists are saying they stayed home last night because they liked both candidates.
They can prove it in a month.
You should go to the gym to the top top and check if my sunglasses are there please.
I went to my cousins thing yesterday and
...Then she asked if I've taken a shower with a guy before.
Is this fucking real life?
a I don't want to hear about your boobs b Bye bye
Happy bday to Joel Ayala from and
You should do that.
Can u 4 a moment imagine what this world would be like if everyone treat people the way they would want to be treated
ha, I'm willing to watch it again.
Unlike QoS, I didn't get enraged all over again.
thank you for the follow back
I am pushing to assist small businesses become more professortable.
Not just the owners.
Success must become the culture!!!
HEY THE GLEE PROJECT STARTS ON JUNE 5TH.
WOO.
Can't wait til Karma smacks her in her busted face
Val, why don't I see my favorite roller babe anymore?
Let's get some lunch next week.
Since when did the NCAA become the Catholic Church?!
so what did you do ?
they are blaming it on me
We are indeed a pampered society.
BAM!
Thanks I'll be here all week.
We might be past that point : RT : Are the Patriots aiming to score a point for every degree it is outside?
I LOVE IT
Big things piping
sorry!
Imma call u tom!
Ive been only free this time of day and im pretty sure its too late to call !!!
:/
It's on!
See you in Milwaukee, baby animals ...
oh and alumni  friends too
Just read someone described as a serial blogger.
That's generally how blogging works, right?
they cheat'n the giants...
Biggest problem atm is boys
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to stare, I just couldn't help but notice how much you look like my next boyfriend; Lmao

Love the new CD Kirk.
I've been a musical admirer of yours since , Floppy Disk, in 1985
want some mms then?
they're like skittles except they have chocolate and they have m's on them.
;
Great!!
Please recommend some of the top MFA programs.
I am considering a MFA degree as well :
GoCards baby.RT MSU LOSS blew up a lot of Brackets.
Don't let Monday get you down...
Our Happy Hour is the place to be tonight from 58PM!
you are my most favorite time killer.
Hahah me!!!!
I'm laying in bed can't sleep!!!
New favorite Kaizen sushi roll is the Hot Night roll!!
You make all kinds of noise when you're eating it!
Ha!
Thanks for the Mouthing Off shout out in this week's Weekly Yelp!
Any advice on the best resources for learning iOS programming?
wait wahhhhh?
what we talkin bout?
RT : Thanks for all of your feedback KingsFans!
We have 55 reasons for IsaiahROY, what's yours?
Re: query letters being arbitrary, begging,  unpleasant.
Much better answer than I'm just too lazy to do it!
is a mentality!
I totally agree!
Ugh...
My last college performance ever!!!
some folks are so mean and snarky on here.
i mean every tweet is rudeness.
LM restaurant in Chicago last night!
Great Meal!
veal tenderloin but the suprise of the night was the tempura snail!
yummy!
locals checkit
why the moon??
I want Pluto!!!!
party this weekend ???
Sometimes the answer really is go  yourself just saying
Nope, only in print.
Pick one up in the nearest building on campus :
MTV is to music as KFC is to chicken.
Lewis Black
Need Hot Beats?
Zoe Beats Is Your Man!
Come Listen/Download/Purchase Tracks Today!
SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat
Ok, that got a genuine LOL outta me.
It actually tasted like so much cheese and grease that I wouldn't be able to TASTE Snookie's fetus in there.
Not bad though.
And this surprises you why?
Going to the 2 movies!
Someone should go!?
nah not rotten he sipping away on a few buds here he was very disappointed nobody would go out
Will also need a PhD to hear all the teams problems...and a flask to wash them all away.
I cant stand the rain Against my window Bringing back sweet memories
Nothing cleanses, builds character like walking in the rain...
unless you hear thunder.
Walking in a thunderstorm: bad idea.
I love it when patrons at the grocery store feel up the produce.
maybe he will if i see him again!
Or if i tweet him constantly...

million dollar football complex.
At least we got our priorities straight
do you have your hospital socks on upside down?
;
haha : i'm glad to hear that you are keeping well and enjoying your holidays from school : xx
Thinking about Good Friday.
what are you doing
Not a fan of Travis Porter, all they do is make tracks to get girls to dance and they dont even spit in their songs
hey no worries and congrats man!!
What a fantastic Xmas present for your family
yeah ikr?:D I'm in Florida and I hate it!
''Going 759 like we did is not what we planned on doing,''  Gerald Henderson
skype date soon?
I'm missing my sister
I think that is the plan, but I would certainly appreciate ur campaigning on my behalf to TH/CL when u see them this year.
;
But i thought had all the knowledge wisdom  understanding any1 could need.
ArmLegLegArmHead my brotha
They'll offer you 5k to stop being so judgmental : Dear Balls: I am prepared to offer you 5,000 to stop sweating.
Think it over.
You're welcome :
One of my local favorites!
Get the Eggs Benedict!
We're going to the Log Cabin instead.
Too much caffeine and sugar this a.m., but still being super productive with
watching your ustream, DUH!
;D
Nice workout today!
I am working my way back.
what time do you get out
Lovely!
RT : Don't miss this beautiful wedding at Celebrations by Turnip Rose!
Thank you Leah Lee Photography, It Should...
little extra always makes the big difference ;b
I read somewhere that has 'up to 4 player' parties/groups.
Does that still qualify the muchanticipated title as an MMORPG?
I can't change the direction of the wind but i can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
This is very good to know about!
Eugene and weird is synonymous with each other.
It even has its own twitter page haha.
Now oomf hurt and i can feel the pain and another oomf don't even know whats goin on
The Hunger Games was great !
Anyone wanna hit me up???
ask for the nummmm
Just saw that Nokia stores in NYC  Chicago are closing early 2010.
W/ severely limited smart phone manufacturing too, anyone worried?
Good day3
Uh..
Asking at all is too much?
yeap!
Its good though, I enjoy change and I'm looking forward to the year.
Trying to wrap my brain around it :
do ya thing ma u got that :
Touchdown!
We love Gates!
You're welcome!
We are an powered company.
GoogleApps email, contacts, calendaring GoogleVoice phones.
We love !!!
High as a light bill
next saturday night, we'll lick them aaaaaallllll again
I am always in such a good mood now
Time heals all
She said I didn't hit that but only you believe her
You are awesome.
Thank you so much!
Shout out to !
Thank you for the follow.
BTW, that was a great idea to put that pole in your living room :
ah she's awesome!
Looks happy :.
Love the collar.
A few more ff because...
coming up!
We're at Tipitinas tomorrow night show starts at 8:30
Just leave us alone ok?!!
God im not in your life anymore so get out of my buisness !!
I voted for The Edge of Glory, why does it say I voted for undefined?
we would be in control though, instead of buying it..
We grow it!
The prettiest smiles hide the deepest secrets The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears and the kindest hearts have felt the most pain
Yo Uncle over here doing the most.
He asked me did I steal 160 and give it to Rochelle.
I was like dud I don't know her!
hey, shoot me an email or DM me with your email.
I may have a resource for you depending on the time commit.
Thanks for the RT!
I nv knew ILVU so much but ILU enough2let U go I hope W/E U end up with make u happy, if he break yourheart Ibreak his face
that sounds like a perfect order!
Wait...what about shopping?!
At least for some more yarn...lol!
Yepp we do very very soon!I g2g.Talk to you later: Love ya.3
Filming more 2minutesWithTheCurator this AM Here's on the camera!
These will be in the gallery soon.
what...Univision is Hispanic...what?
what?
omg yes.
MY CULTURE GETS SOME THE WANTED
.moving on will hurt for now but will feel better later when true love comes around ....
so true.
I hate being tagged in the stupid spam tweets that you can't detag!
Awesome!
Excited to try polish.
Follow me so I can DM.
Great to see students showcasing their Clinical and Translational Science projects.
The bandmates Twitter accounts coming tomorrow:
I'm not sure how you came up with that but it sounds pretty close.
lol
Thanks for pointing that out!
It IS available in US.
I shall change.
:
LOL You hypocrite :
i really hate my school forreal
talk to me when you get up near 7...
I confess I lost my composure on THAT occasion!
At times Viditza will tell you stuff that you probably want to know about.
Other times, it might ask you to do something.
It's one of those weeks when you just have to listen to the entire Beatles catalog from start to finish.
How did I manage to spend so much time listening to epitaph compilations when I was in high school what was wrong with me
Post holiday blues?
Winter blahs?
Come eat pizza with us!
Soo Young Riwhvery interesting articles on credibility assessment
That which served you may now be limiting...Be open to change!
RT : whyobamaislate Finding a captainin America costume in Obama's size at 11pm on a Sunday night in DC isn't easy, guys.
yes yes yes
Pray for me..
It's P90X time!!
We tailor our program of care based on the needs of the elderly person  are flexible to change our care program as different needs arise
Skins UK 3
I don't know how any could listen to Tool's 10,000 Days and not hear an artistic masterpiece.....
Percentage of my calories today that came from gin  a whole bunch.
ArtOfMixology class FTW!!
Dam foo we did one time tho you won it
Anupam Gupta: What can you do w online video?
Measure sales lift?
Increase awareness or intent?
That's what's important
One time for them bad bitches.
Where them bad bitches at
It's in the plan.
Enjoy yourself as well.
Puppy time!
haven't found them as effective as Facebook Ads
Husband bought juice doctornk blend instead of 100 juice.
Why does he constantly act like its his first day here
Precisely.
Brutal night.
BabyNoLikeyDairy RT :
all you beautiful freak, grab somebody and light the place up
The Hunt For Red October in my pants
Seem to have blown out my good ear.
It's that time of year, I guess.
Baby you can do better
Clearly I need to get my tail over there.
RT : best nonpartisan reason to celebrate today happybirthdaybella it's 4th birthday of Santorum daughter Bella
Wow!
Thank you for sharing :
SHUT UP.
Piece of shaaaat.
The NY Football Giants are the Egg McMuffin of the NFC!
Salome Cardinal sings Fado tonight and tomorrow night ...
If you come down to you can try our chile verde pork cooked in a green tomatillo sauce!
I take it that youre not in GA with S.
Dot?
I 3 U MORE
not one bit..
Thanks for the firstdayontwitter love!
I think now that im over squishy i am more sane.
But somehow i still miss him
No i Bye ya me quitaron la comppu Bye
This is great!
My minifashionista's 2nd birthday party will be a bunny/Easter theme next month so great ideas for me!
Happy birthday Grimmuleraaa!!
Hope it's a fine time on the west coast!!
We'll see you in just a few wks!
Can't wait!
VP
Thanks.
Happy holidays!
o yea!
I know what :
Two pitches and Andy Pettitte has his out since 2010.
After a great weekend, back at it in the office.
Happy Monday
Up bout to bbq ribs for my coworks n french toast for me n liah
NYE 2morrow so time to eat all the crap I can!
Yep my resolution is to live a healthier lifestyle!
SInce moving to MI I've been slacking.
don't let em get comfortable lol
I LOVE UR TWEETS!!!
woo i started earning PTO!!!
at the rate of 5 hrs/month.
lol.
Looking forward to bringing residents of Sharp NSD to the 2nd Annual Women's Empowerment Conference.
Stay tuned for a review!!!
I'm up like 2 hours early...
what up my friend!
just wanted to say hello
omg!!!
best episode of vampire diaries I've ever watched!!!
amazing season finale!!!
who watched it?!?
Us tall pretty girls need to stick together lol.
Irish Creme Shamisterck truffles are rockin' it for St.
Patty's Day!
Health is a state of complete physical, mental and social wellbeing, and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity.
World Health...
what is your favorite novel/book you have read which was originally written in a language other than your own?
We need to have a chat and catch up sometime, but remind me to ask what that means/discuss it.
Can't ask what I want in 140char
keep doing your thing I like that ish.
Hit me up we should collab.
Shooting Felici e Contenti it s finished!!now let s pack for LA!
satisfaction
BEST SANDWICH YOU'LL HAVE ALL WEEK: Caprese Chicken Sandwich on Ciabatta!
Fresh Basil, Fresh Motz, Tomato, Balsamic and roasted tomato mayo!
I hate when distressing things happen  it's on ur mind  but all these little annoying things come at you too.
Ugh, got bigger fish to fry!
Needs an age requirement!
lol.
RT : Does grown  sexy have an age limit
Not caring what other people think is the best choice you will ever make..
Big kudos go out to our super awesome C2 talent for their hard work and dedication.
Thanks to all who came to our Talent Appreciation party!
Every girl's crazy bout a sharpdoctorssed man.
regardless of what happens I am sure he will always be proud of u
when will you be at Az??
your blowing up 's phone
City Gear, City Gear, wants to she you smile!
So come on in and get our great deals 20 AL Clearance Clothes this deal all weekend
Johnny Mac

Welcome to Twitter!
Happy Mother's Day to all mothers out there!!
Told my mom to listen to me play ONAIR on from 1p3p!
Hi Mom!!
Haha I love you
I think I hate every show the Food Network advertises.
I think i miss placed my 50 bucks or some1 bitch stoled it.
:
RT if u hate folding clothes.!!
So nice to live in a country where my Sunday coffee shop and dinner out rituals are never thwarted by Easter Bunnies and their evil ways.

we are trying to organize a debate with the Gray for Mayor camp.
Can you help?
Sometimes I wish I could eat raw beef and not die.
It looks so delicious.
All the classy people
glue sticks can still make it more fun!
;.
I'm sure it will be great when it's all done!
If any of you, ever had any legit questions of anything deep..you need to check out this, A doctorid's Year peice I stumbled apon!
Go to..
Giants are in the superbowl!!
Time to party in New York!!!!
Check out music from LA  austin pal before the shows tonight  moontower.
8PM  10:30PM.
Taking my youngest to practice
Peeped u on First Take last week.
The trait for baldness can be passed down through paternal or maternal genes.
in LA where I live its a stretch living on 150 a day.
Some of us find our lives abridged even before the paperback comes out.
Berkeley Breathed
happy to see you here.
and you are one of them that isn't normal...
My favorite!
Ok, a favorite...
Being a mahomie is a forever thing.
the Olympic mascots are 2 one eyed monsters, way to be dicks about it London.
That's why I never backed the song up or had in my online catalog.
How you gone burn a bridge with a free beat?
Haha
This will be the first mothers day with out my mom.:
Forget about ARod hitting 600...more importantly the Yankees need to win their games, they are now a game behind the Rays!
Not everyone is who they say they are.
is cooking up a storm in the kitchen
I eat fries at least once a day.....
I need to stop this habit!
nba playoffs  great basketball
Where was the play on the ball?
Who's up for FA next year?
RT : just a gut feeling.
very well could be wrong
its worse around grapevine
55 things you can learn about a guy in less than 10 minutes coming up at 7:55 with Baltazar  Nina
I applaud your efforts But it ain't looking good.
we start shooting tomorrow.
it has been a long time coming
TRUE THAT :
Via their stuff of course.
I suspect this kind of can ed program is useful when the theatre of graumw
30 off select items with an additional 20 off your purchase if you sign up for our mailing list!!!
Hurry now only thru Friday!!!
What should we value?
I have a tip: go for love.
Because loveof your work,o f your family and friendspasses the ultimate currency test.
I am most certainly NOT about to go to an underground bingo party
thanks man, yeah Rasmus is the man, and I'm going to have lunch at fiskebar for sure.
Giving blood today.
Tahaa great workout :
Getting ready to crush grapes and opponents at the Murphys Grape Stomp!
I don't care how lame it is, I am incredibly excited to see Titanic in theaters again.
Stand Up, and Little Miss would be 2 of my favorite songs by Come On give me them tickets...
Thanks for the RT, but mostly thanks for your news coverage!
That is a flatout incredible image...
cant wait to see CattleDecapitation in April!
METAL !!
m/
Finish your doctorft.
Look at it.
Feel like Faulkner for ten minutes.
Give it a week.
Look at it again.
Feel like crap for ten months.
Love working so I don't see my mom on mothers day...
Love this one!
3
Cool.
It is a pain.
awesome can't wait I get to take his bar v.card!!
Well at least legal bar v.card.
Congrats to !
Well deserved and glad it was in the end if it couldn't be :
Got that swagg that makes girls go weak in the knees.
Travel insurance can ease the pain of a vacation marred by a medical emergency  Washington Post
Sounds like a great day!
Just landed in Norfolk!!
Rain :
There was a storm???
what do you think of the health care bill released today?
i thought we saw them on the 11th?
:L
What goes well with Public Online Information Act?
CITABILITY!
It is like chocolate and peanut butter!

will begin to recover the moment we take art as seriously as physics, chemistry or money.
we love u too 3 im from colombia but i live in boston,ma and i hop u cam back :
RT : Remember when you paid 1520 for a novel?
Now you can get GREAT novels for under 5!
Support your favorite indie...
Lakewood Cash Mob loved Barocco Grill!
Very proud of staffers this week, every single person worked hard to bring Ohio some big stories
For Alumni Assoc.
Life Members who plan to park at Alumni Hall on football gameday, we will tweet when the lot is full.
RT : I didn't remember your birthday...
I just noticed your name in the upper right corner of my Facebook page...
And talking to nick and conner about random shit.
XD
I LOVE baked sweet potato juice!!
TONIGHT  FOUR BEAT CLOVER with Special Guest DJ's Sinseven, Beufie, Turtlefeet, DJ Dexter  Weapon XI along with Lotus Resident DJ XES!!!
please follow she is you biggest fan!31
Thank goodness George Washington isn't here to see this.
He'd be all sorts of pissed off.
nope just nacho...
I prefer cooler ranch my self
Even injured, Katherine Jenkins and Mark Ballas are the best on DWTS!
: racistchristmassongs Blue Christmas
the heat has cooked my brain cells...
I am dumber than usual at the moment
we'll figure it out
Happy Easter!!:
haha I talk to my mom an average of 56 times a day LOL
Latinos attending SXSW active in digital media gathering together under The Social Revolución
never to early to ask about SAA  I'll be going
Love your bio, had to follow you back!
:
Watchin SummerSlam '95!!
Undertaker VS The undertaker..
I got my money on The undertaker.
What a week!
No rest for the wearyheaded to London for local edition of Cloud Identity Summit and press/analyst meet ups.
I need to text you do you have your phone.?
and don't forget Sigur Ros!
;
You should!
It's amazing!!
Glad to chat today...
looking forward to it!
xo
You know what...fuckin gross....lahhhhh
Out to breakfast with the mommy at Petit Provence on Alberta
Just watched Milk.
So good.
I cried.
Also, thinking about growing a moustache.
Celebrating my one month with lovers 
Tweets, just curious  what is YOUR definition of social media?
Chain smoking while Noah gets his hair cut 
IB nick or Mikey
3 hospital Patient needed renal dialysis but was told room at ER is being used by another patient.
Patient need tube feeding, con't
love this!
thanks for the RT
I don't look good in any of those either...fml
No, Pittsburgh will continue to be graced with my presence, just moving to a new apt.
Mother's day is tomorrow, and no I'm in the US.
: x
The first accomplish everything; the second oppose everything; the third fail in everything.
Eclectic Magazine
haven't heard about this yet
This weather SUCKS
Happy Birthday to a wonderful guy,a badass doctormmer  a friend!
Ulysses S.
Owens Jr.
The perfect boyfriend doesn't doctornk, doesn't smoke, doesn't cheat...
and doesn't exist.
im so lonely
Good to get the first one out the way, on to the next one
Well, for the rest of the office it's Friday.
For me it's just another Thursday.
That's okay though, I'm sure I'll enjoy the quiet tomorrow.
is that anywhere near the Copacabana?
You kno B Manilow style?
childoctorns garden winner goes to one of the gardens that we judged!
woohoo
When pipes freeze they often times burst, when that happens give us a call we can help you.
3547566

Have not heard anything yet from the Registrar  will post as soon as we get word
The Ability to Convert ideas to things is the Secret to Outward Success.
work is without today!
:
FOG tonight at Sutton woo
Authoring a 4disc DVD set for a TV show today/tomorrow.
Mastering a couple songs for doctorpjaw today to amongst other things...
haha good dog and great owner
Im be Humble until I get it...
Yeah Buddy TeamGoGetIt  TeamHusleHard He He!!!

My Last Tweet Tho
Vince Vaughn?
That movie is epic!
ATouraine doesnt use gender in his1969 analysis, but leisure  consumption, marked as feminine in modernity, invoke gender 4 21st C reader
Yep, since we'll already be in VA.
If I remember correctly, Jeffrey and Jackson share a birthday!
Yay for schnecken!
I'm excited.
Jus passed that test.

im getting my phone white ..
that shit will be sexy af
My morning plans morphed from going to the gym to going to the donut shop then to go look for some new shoes.
I like how my brain works.
scrolling through my contacts to see who I can text.
I think everyone is sleeping lol
Something has to go wrong soon, because this is going way too well....
Moving forward Swiftly  Smoothly!
Wow Charles Barkley said he's taking the Lakers over the Thunder!
Did not expect to hear that at all from here!
do you think the blood rushes to the heads of the Eagles D ends while they are in that stance?
Thank you!
So very nervous.
Will it be through email, or a call?
I feel like I'm holding my breath.
And it's raining like a Mfer in Goldsboro Nc
I love 19 Action News Live Stream.
This don't trust the bch in apt 23 is a stupid show.
Too bad since its in a great time slot behind modern family
41SB past Holy Hill Rd blocked due to rollover accident, Get off at Holy Hill.
Traffic Trouble Alert from Home Loans from
Fantastic!
How will you be spending your time in Scottsdale?
In a shocking turn of events: a teenager has chosen to listen to the opinions of his friends over those of adults.
one walker is scoreless for the Gators.
Don't be the second.
With us or againist us.
nice : how was he?
I'm a basketball junkie.
haha, surprisingly not as much as it should have been.
He was too cute...plus his parents had a pretty close watch on him
Because Someone doctorve An SUV To The Store, Reese's Pieces Will Disappear
Hell, I don't know.
It's been odd and stressful.
But it's going well now.
good for you!
I used to love running.....who knows, maybe someday I will love it again...
Open Mic Full Band or Solo Tues Texas Mist on 183 at 71 Full Stage with PA and Lights.
1115 Bastrop Hwy Austin, TX 78702
I need a new matress.
Nice reminder tweet.
Why not tweet with a cause?
Post or retweet a tiding/recipe/song/memory of holiday joy at
Great talking to you Chelsey!
I'll be in touch asap :
Feeling so faithless, lost under the surface.
I'm yours on Tuesday!
;
map through relationships  but people are part of multiple social graphs  need to know to which you're relevant
Potential band name 43 Tramps on Retainer
Follow my tweets!
is a Sexy account related to sexy girls and videos!;
Way to go Atlanta!
see ya
RT Put up some nice photos of your hometown in your room.
Write a diary about your hometown.
This is such a lovely  simple idea!
it's froyo
happy early birthday!!
hi megan
What's happening Cleveland Park?
Throwing in the towel
omg i effin' love your icon!
aaahhh i want to marry him!!
GOODNIGHT PEOPLE, FINALLY HM  IN BED!!!!
Stella has been recovered.
Thanks everyone for your support.
What a great community.
Destruction of speed cameras is only slightly less unfunny than irresponsible doctorving that makes them necessary.
Slow down, don't be an ass!
: Cover art for CONTENTS MAY HAVE SHIFTED looks as if GATE AT THE STAIRS married YOU KNOW WHEN THE MEN ARE GONE.
Hey bro!
fosterthepeople are even worse.
juussttiinnn you should follow me c:
Thanks so much!
I hadn't seen it!
now that's funny.
I guess both.
And do you have a link to your article?
Don't know if I ever read it.
:
Leave it lying and do something more important.
Bring these Wednesday?
Might be?
That ship has long since sailed...
thanks for the follow.
hope you had a beautiful 1 !
Version 1.5 of iKidNY was just released!
Download yours now and please post a review!
www.ikidny.com
Most awesome ArenaCross Races/MonsterTruckRalley/Quad Flip Contest.
Everyone in El Paso must go tomorrow night.
It is definetely fun.
RT : BlackScholes just rocked my brain...time for a board room simulation in Power and Influence
Thought of the Day: Jesus stood out!
He didn't do it the way the other priest did it!
Some rejected but many followed Him!
Be U!
Winning!
I remember we would cut up her towels to make more doctorss up wardoctorbe and costumes!
Haha
Hold material goods and wealth on a flat palm and not in a clenched fist.
Alistair Begg
Great workout and even managed 1500 yards of swimming after lifting
hi I followed u.
Hope u will follow back :
why is her twitpic a picture of the excorsist ?
Baking a cake for my mommy to make her smile tomorrow.
Thanks so much Patty!
: Miss you!
Najeal McMillian of West Allis Central and Jalen Currie of Milw.
Riverside will attend Kirkwood Community College in Iowa.
My cat yesterday walked on a doctoring prepped sheet, left paw prints and then tracked one on the piano.
Was going to regesso then...
I'm one
can't believe it's September already...
That means it's soccer season!
Stay fit people!
The Simply Gorgeous 5Product Makeup Look For the DIY Bride
woo GO LOBOS!
Absolutely could not be more excited to see with and tonight!
..
And if that means cutting off a couple set backs, then so be it!
Know of good spots for Zipcars to live in Anacostia, Capitol Hill, Foggy Bottom, or Connecticut North?
Tell us about 'em!
are you cheering for the Spurs or just all the Bobcats still in the playoffs
Today, in the back room they were embalming a body.
Guess who stayed in front?
dudes can't tweef cuz, only chicks be tweefin.
aight aight haha, you know i was playing anyways.
But i got TS4 withdoctorwal, so u better get back soon lol.
one for 10 they pretty big tho
Equal value for Dwight Howard?
Never!
However Kevin Love, a few role players and a couple of first round doctorft picks for Howard close enough
Very cool!
Guess that somehow makes us family :
Roadtrip to nashville!
At captainin d's for the 2nd time since i have been on twitter :' its beautiful!!
Just saw an obese woman in a wheelchair rolling backwards down the sidewalk.....yup.
making rhubarb juice and it smells so good.
How was PT?
Just finished the hardest semester of education I've ever endured.
Lord, please bless my GPA.
This dude done inbox me talking about he wanna get with me.
Hey all!
We miss u guys!
It's sure been awhile!
Anyway, tks for all the follow!
Luv u guys!
im gunna ask my parents tomorrow morning..
Dude that sucks que no te dejaron ir..
Here in the club, everybody knows my name tonight.
Stoked to see the new singer!
aside from counting my money lol just chilling.
Working on some edits.
We had a minor earthquake last night?
Didn't even notice it!!
Are you leading your customers or are your customers leading you?
When You Let Go Of Something That You Want To Keep.
God Will Let Go Of Something That He Wants To Give.
I'm not done with the first 5 things u told me to do...
calm the fuck down
The lucky few have been emailing us about the nano for months!!
Looks like people are hungry for a waterproof nano
Theory I cannot prove 1: sitting at bar w/man who looks a lot like Vincent D'Onofrio even stranger than sitting at bar w/ Vincent D'Onofrio.
Anytime.
Did you guys give out the remaining Cubs and Sox tickets?
I'm sorry man I couldn't lol
I'm too hungry to care, regardless of whether or not I actually know.
Now for some taffy!
Looking forward to you adding some great local NYC places to the mix and sharing your experiences.

Taiwan Cafe, enjoying surprisingly authentic Taiwanese cusine
you know how much longer its going to be on
Looking forward to being there this Saturday!!!!!
Good Tuesday morning to you Trisha enjoy this Tuesday!
I think I'm done with the whole internet thing.
Now what?
can we bring it on here ;D lmao
In future, I will try not to moan about hassle of grocery shopping.
i feel so close to you 3
sad ain't it?
I guess anything can happen n the playoffs...
what's up ladies :
Or go back to bed idk.
I am not a doctornky!
haha
Good point.
Lol
Whenever it is, make sure you're ready by getting your legs smooth ;
Welcome KL Services to the RelyLocal family!
Local landscaping!
Stay tuned for details.
Art direction is probably my best chance of getting to the oscars at this rate.
I need more days in November.
Perhaps between Wednesday and Thursday?
Just one halfday perhaps...?
Thanks for the heads up...this should be fixed
Ha!
I wouldn't say BIG fan, but I definitely am one!
Thing is though, I haven't even thought about TNG in ages!
People on Fox are the only people in the world who want more of Fred Armisen's Obama impression.
Life is a thrill if ya know what your doin best to know what your doin before your life gets ruined
Naked Harry.
Omg love that this is trending
Cover up them grays girl!
We're probably gettin signed soon.
yay!
Me flipping out because i really want to skype Austin but he wont even accept my request because he has like a billion already probs.....
well I'm meant to do piano practice on Sundays...but today is a strictly Andy day
Thanks for coming to our announcement!
hmm..
heard a commercial on pandora for the first time today.
either I've never noticed or they are new.
Posterity  you will never know how much it has cost my generation to preserve your freedom.
I hope you will make good use of it.
J Adams
Your headline?
Unintended consequence of composting/every other day garbage pickup in pdxdirty diapers in recycling.
11pm
No problem sending out the post.
Great organization  I admire what you guys do.
Your being the hugest tease!!
RT : If you guys wanna hear me scream then retweet this.............
Hoping that this rumor is just that.....
Here I go again: cue the music, prepare the palettes...it's time to get
plantbased, huh?
Strychnine is also plantbased.
Think I'll pass.
:
hope u wear your butt out on that slide today!
Fuck up and coming I'm coming up
Happy Margarita Day Boston!!!
:
Anyone know who's supporting tonight?
Thanks for the follow : 
5 more minutes !!!!
Thank God
supportlocalmusic More local bands today.
requests in the chatroom.
Spring is in the air.
RT : RT : If pepperspray pep is essentially a food product should volunteer to be sprayed on air....
lol!
That is good too!
I think I guessed correctly...
THANKS and enjoy!!!
: Celebrating with at our holiday party, thanks
Going to enjoy the next couple of days.
The person who has truly loved you is the only one who has the strength to accept your mistakes and forgive you.
How do you see the Ravens?
One week they are world beaters and the next week they can't even get a 1st down.
a few more minutes
LAST CALL to RSVP for Cappy's Travel Carnival with Tomorrow!
Don't miss out on great prizes  networking opportunities!
Thank You!
At least we're in it together.
mister.
Harriet R.
Egan, I received your letter and I read it at the meeting of egg people the other day.
good luck.
Bout To Just Live My Life, This Is All Young  Quite Frankly I'm Tired Of It, I Deserve Someone Who Will Fight For Us ,  Not Give Up .
so finna leave me , yo ass better be bck !
Having sex doesnt make u grown shooting guns doent make u a thug and selling doctorgs doent mean u have a job
NO!!!
Foodscapes is closing!!
Oh the horror!
:
Enjoying two unscheduled hours and the toasty space heater in my office, while I learn the joy and perils of Excel pivot tables.
Fun fun!
Right!
The show centered around them.
I don't understand why they would let them go.
Just cancel the show.
OH at : Man that shoot was awesome!
It was like a freaking Busta Rhymes video..
Headed to photograph at the Fitness America contest in Vegas tomorrow
Big ups to our DJ, DJ Amenzo !!!
Now, gets some sleep people.
I promise you we all have a crazy weekend ahead of us!
I love having my own income so i can do as i please
Q: What do you call a male quartet?A: Three men and a tenor.
OMG, I know all 3 of you.
This is getting ridiculous.
RT Fuckkk I want ta go to
If I mix coffee with ice cream, will I magically get a frappuccino?
Please?
Come to UK and hang banner
TheFinder cracks me up...
..
I'm hungry.
Some head right now 
the okay symbol is already offensive in some parts of Europe!
An early recognition of a disease is only possible through diagnostic tests.
Ask us how we can help your pet being healthy!
So I move heaven and earth to get to a doctor appointment today, and the doctor cancels on me.
Urgh.
Off to Tour of Elk Grove today.
Two big races this weekend.
Justin Patchin discussing cyberbullying at the Digital Citizenship Symposium.
Kindergarteners  1st graders give the BEST compliments!
And to prowl for that  RT : Aurora farms with the g in a bit.
See what that finish line has in store
I have court tomorrow, whoops.
Haha!
RT : RT : iDontUnderstandWhy Facebook doesn't have In A Long Distance Disaster as a relationship status.
I don't really like eggplant.
don't give me that face...I'm never mean to you
So excited to get my Angryblue a storm is coming print, Donnie Darko is amazing!
love ur hair!:
Hahaha!
He was like You're dead Maddi!!
He said it in a funny way :P He was laughing!
It was so funny!!
We did it
See I've been waitin all day for you to call me baby.
me too!
:O
If a man does only what is required of him, he is a slave.
If a man does more than is required of him, he is a free man.
Chinese Proverb
Tears of joy that his kid will never have to listen to it.
Excellent suggestion.
;
Good Morning :
Which means I might not have to endure any more crippled jokes!
Paterno fired as head coach!
PSU Pres also out.

Give me a cool NEW username
If you haven't tried a juice cleanse before, you should!
It's nice and smooth with little cravings of food here and there!
captainin Boomerang has to be the dumbest villain ever conceived.
Poor Flash, his rogues' gallery sucks.
NationalLicoriceDay tomorrow!
Can't wait to celebrate!!
Cash rules everything around me..CREAM..
Get money...
Dollar Dollar bills yall...
DBS and Bow Wow Wow on the same stage tomorrow night at The Brixton?
Yup, it's happenin.
On at 8pm.
FREE if you say DIVE BAR STICKUP!
Culture vs.
strategy in the workplace, interesting debate.
Call me naive, I still think culture is the better determinant for success
Another face mask penalty, otherwise it'd be Ducks ball.
Big time third down for the Buckeyes.
Gotta get the vision of GOD!!
I'm wondering if any school districts are using powerschool studio edition.
What do you think of it?
I really want to play soccer right now
hey were a high school singing group from the BAYAREA please follow us we need your
yeah it is!
sorry:
8 days later, 2 blown off appointments with no call, 12 phone calls, almost 3hrs on the phone.denied a credit on my bill.yes
Oh my gosh, it totally is!
haha!
I'm also a sucker for action flicks so I'm easy prey.
time for the funniest show on television:
Yikes, the Time Mag image can't stop, won't stop.
Have now seen it in 9 different places.
Just realized little boy is wearing army pants :
I kid, I kid.
Finley doctorps one pass, and the entire world is against him.
I think that's the first pass he's ever doctorpped.
Watching girls fight on Twitter because it's taking up almost my entire Feed.
Take it to the RL!
or if they picked him up AND THEN retaliated while he was pitching
the next few retweets will be soley for my own ego stroking....
i meant to type create derp.
meaning that the inn at ccn is full of the mothers hitting on younger guys.
Lol
wow...Julio Jones...just wow.
Gonna have to rethink Colston and Bowe being locks I guess.
don't tease bitch...strip tease bitch...eat a bowl o' deez....bicth gobble a dick
Rep Berceau talking about the legislative 'blue book'  key to persuasive meeting is know your audience.
Will look forward to seeing you there!
Mahalo.
RIP Dick Clark
Scored a table at Ludobites 8, confirmed via link, got a confirmation screen, but no follow up email as promised...
are we ok?
Holy cow, there it is on the TV machine!
Blitz!
I hate that kid so much

my twitter name so I know its real !
members only feed stopped worked on my podcaster app.
Did something change and i missed the email?
IfWeWereTogetherRightnow my bed would be a lot more comfortable 3
Thanks to the great musicians who support Poised Creation!
I can't believe this is real.
So many judgments ...
just wait until someone tells this guy about Wilco!
Everyone Follow Us Please
I did what you always tell us to do I went to the hospital thinking I had to go in to surgery but staystrong was my goal :
Thanks James.
But I'm not going anywhere will still bug u  !
Sushi calls!
what if you ARE someone else tho?
RT : RT : Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are.
: If you hate the lakers don't tweet me keep it to your self!!it an't over frog face mf !thTs a implant team!!
Long hair don't care I whip it every were
Happy New Year
Hamels wasnt suspended for hitting Bryciepoo, he was suspended for admitting it.
Which is why Zimmerman wasnt suspended for hitting Hamels.
Worse luck
.
food desserts  food deserts
sorry...just saw this...heading back for doctornks soon
Its too hot for me to go to sleep 
I probably won't live past 30, I do to many doctorgs.
I am looking forward to overdosing on orange juice today.
Seriously just watched an old lady cross the street
Diddy hit it on the head.
I'd buy that record.
Colton on
Because at one point everything u did was exactly wat u wanted
You were great.
Look forward to having you back!
Are you ready for your big day?
Don't forget to stretch and consider carboloading.
Don't want to cramp up.
Noticing  babystep to
If you want to make just a bit more money then this is the link for you.The online surveying is how I got the cash i needed here is the link
Here's a question...why are them jive ass turkeys bsn with the got darn job?????
do you go to sleep away camp in the summer?

What's the difference between the 4  the 4s ???
4a has Siri and the 4 doesn't and the camera is better
Oh nice!
Had no idea
American Nietzsche:A History of an Icon and his Ideas by Jennifer RatnerRosenhagen
Spent the AM touring  the PM serving kids in crisis shelter.
Now the team is journaling on some sections of Deuteronomy.
This is absolutely contagious !!
Just sent 2 surprise pep emails.
I've got a couple more peps to do today!
I'm really terrified of this final
So glad it's Friday!
Your decription is nice.
and ill promo you.
ill tell them it's my nudes.
u're pretty
: Dayum I see u baby!
That guy was a fucking creeper
Lol shut up.
Where have you been at!?
One me and oomf will have better conversations wit one another I really have faith n us
Huntsman: Students should conceive how they want to change the world
Unwrapped 30k in lights today.
Very, very carefully.
you guys let me know what works best for you smacsrit
Hello Izumi!
Nice to meet you.
No!!!
I am extremely excited for the buffet!
Barack Obama did not evolve on gay marriage because there's no such thing as evolution.
His position was created in 6 days.
Should've made breakfast instead of laying in bed an extra half hour
I know!
watch it online bro
UW Credit Union now charging 5 fee for overdoctorft from reserve line of credit.
Time to find a new bank.
The greatest single loss in Navy Seal history happened 6 years ago today when 19 seals lost their lives!
Never forget
do you have an 2012 playlist that i could listen to?
summer is scary close.
i needa work out.
kk i did then
thanks for the RT, Dev.
Not a huge fan of Dmitri's humor, but that sketch nails it.
When you're in a slump, it's almost as if you look out at the field and it's one big glove.
Vance Law
There is no I in team...just like there is no D in San Antonio...
If I see something about ambition one more goddamn time, I'm gonna find Wale, and punch him dead in the face!
Vaginal ass album!
she was like Marquis stop only coming into my class to flirt with nicole and I just started laughing and said can I get candy?
They got the heat they got the heat Mavs got the heat!!!
Big road win tonight at UALR we r so proud of our ladies!
Tcu this Thursday at SMU  7.
Come out n show ur support :
She just don't know.
Smh
calm down
I guess I don't understand produce!
most bruins fans who listen to you started paying attention last year so that's why they'd put Canucks as 1 rival
thanks for confirming your instagram :p hahha
Woo hoo!!!
Sent back a DM!
New gmail, you are decreasing my productivity.
it was awesome!
Thank you so much for everything!
Can't wait to see what part 2 brings :
Crush Restaurant in Belvedere Square lost its Liq.
Lic.
How do you do that????
I just want to get money and make someone smile from time 2 time
The very funny  talented will be on the show TOMORROW discussing Fatherhood  A Personal Responsibility at 11 AM CST!
Ears still ringing
I don't care for vampires
Did you know Samplesaint mobile scanable coupons have the potential to save more than 17,130,000 trees annually?
Awesome!
Look forward to hearing from you.
just tried your Kale Festa Soup from your new soup cookbook...one word YUMM!
I can't even begin to describe how happy I will be as soon as these last 2 papers are written..
neara11 is underway!
I might just go to sleep early....
Double sided fact sheet that outlines the issue.
Outlines problems, solution, statistics, etc.
i post my diary on twitter
Looking for an internship  the Original Cream Puff Bakers have an internship position available.
Contact
Super excited...first day cataloging  helping someone navigate a search using Proquest
PickUpLine: You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!
: hey stranger Lol
Never met , Ginnie.
The 1st time I saw her was on CSpan.
Might've been taped in
Which location?
I'm closest to the Carson Ikea.
1st off I hate wen a bitch act like u gon off her jus cuz yall fucked bitch I only hit u wen I'm horny.
yo silly ass think I got feelins smh
not raining here but thunder for the past hour.
Call me crazy, but if your doctors appt is for 11:50am then you should be able to see the doctor at 11:50am.
It's 12:40 and I'm still waiting.
about to head to the doctor.
Excuse me sir, does your Chinese character tattoo mean courage, honor or prosperity?
All of the above?
haters gonna hate mahomies gonna love Imma forgive u for all u have said about because we all get jealous sometimes!
So I'm thinking Chicken  Waffles for lunch!
Where's the flour?
NDulge!
Mouth runs like over flowing river......constantly..and too much!...stop telling your business and talking about folks!.yougonelearnoneDAY!
Its over when its over; aint it baby aint it.
ready to get down and only been standing for 1 hour and 10 minutes
have they been rejecting your unemployment?
i know they cut it back in GA from 99 weeks to 60 weeks
I don't like you, we not friends, and I don't follow you...
Why are you talking to me ?
Who knew that at one time Quinsy was a medical term for tonsillitis and white fever meant pneumonia.
I'm a vegan.
Didn't he try to kiss you?
OH: I don't know what you crazy vegtetarians eat.
that was a funny video!
Encourage your friends to go so they can earn great cashback rewards, too!
YAY I CANT WAIT
Going to taste it with TK!
So hungry.
I only have 7 and it's for my doctorve back home tonight.
Joe Hooker wanted to win last battle of CivilWar  be President.
GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan is how he failed.
2.99 Kindle Amazon
LMFAOOOOO RT This nigga David stern said he gonna start handing out oscars for flopping in the nba
Ditto.
Hoping No news is potentially good news.
These next couple of days are full of editing...end of semester papers...makes me realize that I'm only closer to
I don't like Seattle and Dallas
Gave up on carbonite this morning  after uninstalling my computer runs like a gazelle again.
hallelujah!!
God is worthy to be praised!!!
I'm loving the purple Robin!
You are a wonderful inspiration to all women out there!
You are beautiful.
was it bloods vs kings vs Serbs?
F'n Milwaukee
: 1 hour away aw shit perfect timing !!
foolietape fxs aprilfoolies  with a track ft.
GO GET IT!!
Can't wait to watch BB 11 Finale tonight.
I hope Jordan wins!
yea and west is 15 min from me.
Tempe is like 2025 from me.
Lol...
A widely read man never quotes accurately, for the rather obvious reason that he has read too widely.
Hesketh Pearson,
its not working : and weren't you gonna change your icon like mine?
PLEASE!!
I love your work!
RT : Aoowwwww!!
You make me wanna pull out my materials and create something fabulous!!
too bad I can't afford it
Shoutout to the Alphas and Ques for the cookout today ...
Big ass Stroll Outing
Ladies, even if it really is a doctorss, but looks like a mans biz shirt, should u be wearing it in public???
there's no going back.
I think you will find following isedchat, edtech and edchat to be extremely valuable.
im broke.
ill have money by then invite you to taco bell lmao.
I think if husby is playing his iPad's Atomic Farts app, it's a sign I should turn off Smash.
: Loving Indy.
Weather got colder but spirit is warm.
this weather is a fluke.
It's usually much much colder!
What a terrible day in Boston sports.
old navy shoes wearin
Xebec announces first landfill gas upgrading order in China and exclusive distribution agreement
This is gonna be a crazy week for me.
Going to see a movie with : Excited!!
I gotta write this in my room lol smh
indeed, I couldn't stop laughing.
It's awesome and inspiring to work with such talented people as I have for our next show.
V.
Room rehearsals underway and going wonderfully!
Holy Jeebus!!
Here we go!
I found out today that my grandmother has diabetes, and today she ask me what was wrong i said nothing.
But the truth was it was botheringme
Nobody at Cha Cha tries, at all.
Good for you for calling people out.
: Who's Excited Bout TheIconicBoyz Being Our Special Guest On The Season Of ABDC7???
LOL YOU RUINED THE SURPRISE
Out riding my Harley in the rain today, gotta love this shit.
Staying young still having days like when I was a kid.
Harley replaced Schwin
Right now only Google shows up since it works be default with no extra js needed.
Praying they will stay safe.
big bang theory!
you got a bird now??
that would be funn !
we'd know each other so well by then.
Water shortages a sad but true reality: Use sprinklers during coolest hrs of day/adjust sprinklers to only water grass/install rain sensors
We realized we waited to long for turkey to thaw and we we got to store, so went with the prime rib.
Thanks for your input.
The way I feel right now is proof that is wrong about me.
Who took John Travlota up on his offer to have sex?
Weirdness up next!
Remember Rohrbachs for all of your summer party or wedding beer needs!
Call 5855468020 if you have questions regarding retail keg orders!
Seriously, no one wants to hear a countdown till you go broke 7 days to Vegas, 10 till I overdoctorft buying groceries
thinking of all the outdated community plans and the problems they cause
lazy consensus  social contract  if you can't be bothered to say yes or no, you don't care  so we're not waiting for you.
Share univ.
courses?
Why not share the same sports teams, marching bands, newspapers, and mission statements too?
If you wife says she is going to a speed dating to support a friend you might be in trouble.Get a professorssional www.mwishartpi.com
Listen to those who have already achieved, and think that we can do likewise
20ThingsAboutMe 10.
I don't want to be divorced...like everyone else.
Life is beautiful!
reading all day.
blehhh.
shoot me?!
I guess.
Why you cheating tho?
Lol
Thanks for the follow !
I hope to see you at my house sometime soon!
I hate when my shit don't work.
Dumb ass apps
if you're tired of starting over, stop giving up
Flirting with your ex girlfriends mom 
Looking for a healthier version of a family favorite?
Sub 1of 29 lean cuts of beef  look for wholegrains to give u that feelgood feeling
Andy is back!!!
Hope he has a great game!!
how much snow is at Rutgers?
Is it snowing now or just cold and wet?
I know.
he definitely should've made some more plays in that game.
First tweet.
Boom!
Bravo!!
Great job singing.
Totally energized today!
Glasper's Black Radio topping my Saturday Soundtrack  AGAIN.
i follow EVERYONE back!!
RT THIS??
MAHOMIES LOVE AUSTIN make this this a new trending topic!!
I'm all 4 laws that help prevent child sexual assault but laws are only as good as the people who enforce them.
TALK to and EDUCATE ur kids.
oh, and that attached pic was an accident, Blackberry sucks
When are you in NYC?
OMG doctorw!!!!
just saw how You proposed!!
AMAZING!
You guys are made for each other!
Is going to be the best man?
Our 1st EducationExpress orientation is today!
We're excited to have many dedicated volunteers coming to learn how to help childoctorn excel.
watching...show...now!
have a great weekend!
Happy Friday  thanks for following!
Enjoying music :
People need to re evaulate their life if they have to take off work just to play a game lol.
Yahoo Domains have always worked well for me.
I love waking up to sweet messages, more than anything.
They don't even have to be long, just thoughtful.
you're still my favorite player but please never do that again WE NEED U
hahahaha good job babe
thanks Sara, this is very less than squeaky!
Why is it I'm laying here in bed wide awake listening to the same song and thinking the exact thoughts I did 4 years ago...
followed :D
SOON baby so we can go to Denver Dinner lmao :   HaHa Loves you to, chica bonita.
Come back!
oh!
okay well that's certainly good news, maybe i need to reread :P
OMG!
on the KCAs they totally rocked!!
And solo was amazing!
Home in the rain and storm.
It feels good.
GREAT questions: MT : Do visitors to the bricksmortar museum want 3 interact w/ staff on SM?
B/d/a visit?
It came out a while ago!
I had lots of feelings about that one, will be happy to discuss when you read it.
Come on down and sing for Yr supper.
Well, not supper really, a free 12 oz doctornk.
openmic Belltown RadioBedlam starts around 7pm
Great point: RT : That style of hashtagging is a form of metadata generation.
What you mean you weren't feeling it?
I bet it was crackin
Day 1 of my whole30; I will slay my sugar doctorgon!
I'm already having cravings.
Blah.
Playing Poplar Playhouse Sun, April 8th, 4pm w vocalist Whitney James.
being recorded by KCSM's In The Moment
New company blog successfully set upinternal only, for sharing little updates.
My 3th company to embrace it.
They're already using it!
Why have I not seen you yet??
: : LOVING all the local touches and fun facts at prsawdc!
Facts, when combined w/ideas..
Here are some perfect examples of what happens when you are on the right track but don't follow up and follow through:...
the countdown for the snow to show up has started...stay warm and doctor my peeps ;
I did it what else??
This nigga has a big soul patch lmfao.
This shit is hilarious.
I can't stop laughing at him.
how have things been???
you just keep finding me, J.A
A lot of our childoctorn walk into school with education being the least important thing in their minds because of their poverty situation.
how much do you pay for your retirement?
and how much is your monthly premium?
again, seems like we have a healthcare crisis.
saa11 Sherri Berger uncovering California's Environmental Collections
Dirty Player!
:D
I understandI think I first thought about it in the shower.
And then I decided against it waiting in line for a rush seat.
WhitneyHouston 's last performance was singing Jesus Loves Me with Kelly Price.
That says it all
thanks, audigitalhistory, for the Twitter addiction
itsalwaystheuglypeople who stalk you at the club
Great PJ Party tonight!
Ask me about the Time WIse Night Restore  Recover Complex!
it meant jacob.
not u babe!
I swear me and are up at different times and she just likes to tweet me when i'm going to bed.
wait wait BOOOOBIES!
My first caffeine free day in more than two years, you are a hard thing to give up my friend.
My mom told me that doctorOz says I need to give up coffee n' alcohol to keep my figure and for her figure she needs to give up veggies.
I don't have a link.
They shown it the last two days after the stories go off.
It was like 6 officers stomping a 15yr old
Project X with the babe I love her 
what, after 40?
Thanks for the follow.
sad day!
EBUS118 There is no task on this one.
I will slow down to give you 10 minutes between tasks and to allow you to catch up.
it's the LoisLane effect.
that's when you open your bible  pray..can't let negative thoughts control you..
very well played
and if it's the sane guy it won't be different but you already have what you need...!
Motivate  Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.
We don't have a video feature built out yet, so an admin has to switch the html from filtered to unfiltered.Video is up now.
Thanks!
how im crazyy
Being single gets boring :/
You should be craving Delivermefood.com
For how much I hated u, I don't hate u anymore, u got balls kid keep up them tracks
Treadmill  24 minutes to start my day.
Body moving.
Brain will follow!
If only I could do this every day.
Must try harder!
So yesterday we stayed up till 3am talking.
And today you ignore me?
luckyme.
what's wrong:
Tweet me questions!
is pretty excited!
My LLC went through.
i gotta showerget ready....
This inning is stupid.
Completely agree!
RE: Article should be called 10 Ways to Start Your Day Badly .
Amen Todd, it's difficult to watch without wanting to gouge my eyes out and rip my ears off
please tell me you ordered a gazillion copies of PARIS, I LOVE YOU BUT...
by
SarahMichelleGellar and my wife are pregnant at the same time.
Who saw that coming?
yes yes yes!!!
amen to that my brother!
see ya soon?
Love is a journey not a destination.
Heaven is another name of love.
haha it doesn't fit, keeps falling off
So weird, Scrolling down my cousins instagram and I find a picture of my friend?
The way people find people through technolgy is strange.
if you see jack Daniels please do the same
Have to wear flipflops til I get my pumas back :C
aww.
Tyler is so cute .
lol.
squeak squeak.
Kirk Franklin's rap on lovely day 
see you at the end of this week homie!
This week made me exhausted
I dub your mullet..
Child abuse.
Its that jacked up!
don't break the first 2 rules of Fight Club.
:
Haha thought I was a real person until u questioned it...now I'm thinking I might be a robot after all.
Can I get back to u on it?
miss you!
ahem.
I'm assuming my invite and ticket got lost in the mail?
get you're mom to pick you up
mister.
YMKD herself is currently in the beautiful island of JA!!!
The change you are looking for, only exists if you want it.
ill quote some of his recent singing later today
I was only there for a few hours, but it was still pretty freaking amazing 3
Shout out to Double Flush, Brandon Miles, Girlz Gone Wild : last night.
That was truely one for the books at LoCash!
JC
I asked me to look at her landscaping today  she saw my eyes light up.
You should have called me :
YOU need to follow me.3
I hope you like karaoke !
You just won 50 to !
1 day until home
May 24  June 9 See Bobby Gould in Hell.
Almost every dog we've had has been a pound puppy, but the best dog I ever knew was a carefullybred corgi.
I have 10.2K but that'a because I talk a lot.
And also tweet you a lot.
Haha!
Yep.
I know.
Just doing what I can to keep reminding myself that he's not terrible at everything.
Please...
let's set a date!
We are in now.
Would love for you to see the space and hear all about
Pushed through the wind for a 4 miler through South Philly/Old City
How about doing a chocolate tour?
RT : Excited for my hot date with Ira Glass tonight
let's plan a day now to celebrate Lindsay's birthday by doctornking way too much tequila while it's sunny.
hmm nothing out of the extraordinary..
we shall practice on the weekend :P
san diego is such a beautiful place to visit, and the people are kind, and warm.
love love love me some san diego:
uh oh, doesn't sound good!
What about for EnvisionWare?
what thinks about the dukeohst game is irrelevant since he didn't go to college
Hello people!!
Thanks for the K!
New tea on our menu!
Unsmoked Lapsang SouchongA handmade tea that's rich  fulfilling w/ a very subtle smokiness from the roasting process.
Rough first inning for Yumanji, but it's understandable since it was against the Marine...I'm starting to worry.
FOLLOWED AL
it's terrible when out in the son !
wow, our text poll results are in.
i am surprised by it.
we wanted to know if you supported pres obama's support of same sex marriage.
Totally agree!!
RT : The playbyplay of what took place in The Situation Room is fascinating
glad to hear it!
So awesome is the coolest way to throw an event or party on twitter!
Loving this invite I just got!!
2 thumbs up
At work helping these lovely childoctorn :!!
Why didn't ABC's Brian Williams cover the Weinergate scandal?
Good Morning!
doctorp it like its hawttt:
Love this show...
so pumped!
RT : New Revenge tonight!
I must be home in time.
Where is Amanda?
Anyone?
In progress.
Let me get back to you on that!
RT : Congratulations!
Do you have arrangements for video yet?
Recording My Final Version of Rehab this weekend!
The Video Promo Shoot for Rehab will be shot all over L.A to get ready for the release!
Make sure to file your Tax return electronicly and NOT by mail.
The govt is shuting down the IRS building from budget cuts.
Yeah, meant Andino since technically Davis was up.
thx for the RT thx for sharing my enewsletter last week; appreciate u both : TGIF
I'll be rockin Suede tonight so make sure you come out its def going to get crazy!
you could always access the .pdf on the cd and print those out?
NeverShouldYouEver think its cool to smoke weed and doctornk alcohol they mess up your life
Yeah cardinals!
Getting really excited to go to the game Friday !
good watching NSN
just went through the list and it appears Twitter has been randomly unfollowing people for me again.
PLEASE fix this!
Traveling to Pensacola FL tomorrow for the Jazz Festival....
To all you people who say thatnobody cares about you, and nobody loves you, someone thought you were to die for.
Porn messes up ya reality of sex too b honest....
dont lose ur best friend over some guy/girl
Couldn't agree more on that one!
BIG TIME.
Where are the VOLUNTARY resources for people who want out of the business?
ok baby: I can't wait!!
I hope it's only 2hrs
Working every weekend now to get things ready for Graphics of the Americas, Feb.
2628 in Miami Beach.
It's gonna be great!
Don't miss it.
In opening keynote Raleigh planning dir notes he meets annually w/his 3 predecessors, to get on same page inspiring public.
Ateamo is rolling out some updates today.
You may experience some issues while this process is completed.
tweet my other account cuz I didn't mean to use this one...
My phone app sucks
Only the remix
Reporter Mitch Pittman is on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS morning.
He's getting to see how much fun we are...
and learn the true meaning of 'early.'
I could fall in love.
I could fall in love, with you...
Baby.
I could fall in love, with you....
Just saw a promo for a show on AE called Killer Kids.
The solution guide for the accounting final review said 15215 and it also said 15/44.75 Neither of which were correct.
practice spaces, doctorm cases, and sushi
Does anyone know what the first soda pop doctornk in outer space was?
im not reading any of ur reviews cause ur a week late.
When u think about it, its ur fault not mine :P
If you have any free seats left for the 5/2 seminar, will you let me know?
I'd be interested.
Thnx.
Hopefully getting my license TODAY!
A little overdue but FINALLY!
I better pass...
tell your friends to get with our friends so we can be friends!
happy birthday!!
So glad our President is cracking down after he finished his vacation.
RT : I think if anyone's gonna it'll be rams they have the firepower the jets will have to give to much to get him dont see it
Romney looks more like frontrunner headed into Feb.
7 primaries  Washington Post
Im on time to class!
RT Listening to the musicians rehearse for ACM's high school workshop concert tonight.
Sounding great so far!
you want a carrot?
:P
Stop what you're doing and chug some water.
there's still the prevailing sentiment that black is scarier than nonblack, and there's really no budging the culture off that point
Pro tip: People get pissed off on the West Coast when you post about the ending of a reality show that just finished in the Midwest.
uw ...
back from lunch, had chinese, will be starving in an hour!!
Thanks for the follow Paul  let us know if we can help you fund any ideas via our site!
Experiencing the nooks and crannies of the J W Marriott: I feel like an appetizer.
THANK YOU,  for releasing the first 10 minutes of TeenWolf.
Great editing, awesome music, intense moments created!
Wow!
just got clarified that its MexicanAmerican when used as an adjective, not for nouns
Just another productive day!
RT : Four pieces to content management: content, people, process, and technology.
Excellent  all the best in your studies!
Yeah, but night launches are pretty spectacular!
: And there's the part about witnessing history too.
A man cannot be comfortable spiritually who is in bondage financially.
Richard R.
Lyman
my desire to watch it is waning with each and every TV spot.
nice dude!
Where you stayin?
Who hasn't seen the Breakfast Club?
Shawn Spencer,
Hey girl!
Paris Davis' niece, hit me back!
We watched xcops last night, that was interesting.
:
i Won contest to go to the bully movie premire omq screaming my ass off CANT BELIEVE IT OMG THANKS YOU GUYS SO MUCH
Dancing in the airport to my first song I did a jazz dance to when I was 9.
Checking out future touch interface thoughts at
Have a Terrific Tuesday!
SPREAD LOVE
Ready for some Buckeye victory
Movement without direction will create a hole in the ground.
Sophia BedfordPierce
Excited for the New Year!
Feeling like a proud mama for happy to share the feeling with his actual parents Stephen Wessler and Ellen Freed.
Partying at my boss' tonight....
She better have AC .
Smooth all day and smooth all night!
1/2 price bottles of vino from open to close and We Six on stage at 7:30 tonight!
All ages, no cover.
ooh yea he is
usher will never get old!
The girl comes back to table after break saying she lost her phone.
I immediately tell her I will call it to help.
Redneck beside me says
Just experienced the most heart touching performance ever.
2nd row seats to Me'Shell NdegéOcello  One World Theatre.
I have no words....
Thanks for the ff!
It is a pleasure to learn along with you.
let us know if you need a new mattress!
We really appreciate the follow and you now have a Mattrezzz Guy!
: iPod on shuffle : next, next, next, next, blah, no, nope, next, no, not, no, next, next, YES!
first40songsonshuffle
I love my library.
They just let me renew my overdue book online!
I guess they figure I'll eventually make good on the 1.80 fine.
:
WHO RUN THE WORLD?
Squirrels.
Latest survey shows that 3 out of 4 people make up 75 of the world's population.
But good morning everyone
I decided I should probably take a day off at some point, first one since I got here
Legal Marketing: relationships are key.
People want to do business with other people they like and trust.
It takes time so be patient.
Super confused, tuned into a Canadian radio station doctorving to NY today and they said it was going to be 34 degrees...
They use celcius lol
Happy Birthday Sweetie!
Enjoy your day!
Ain't gon hurt nobody.We just dancin baby!
loves that we're hyde'ing!
Some people are like Slinkies ...
not really good for anything, but you can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs.
I had to, I couldn't stop myself, I had to say it, yah know?
I need to feel loved : hahaha
haha yikes....
Awkward.
is an absolute moron
thx jeffie : yes, finishing upright is an accomplishment today...many didn't!
Something to think about...If the Government Controls Healthcare...it owns your future!
This scares me!
heck no don't take it down.
: I love seeing it shared.
Makes me happy.
More its shared, more shirts I sell.
More ADDers open up.
After a dyslexic moment, I said, dyxlesia is awesome
Kenzie is the best in all the lands!
Dude what a coincidence, I just spilled sauce on my shorts!
Good thing I have Tide to go at all times.
Any clue on when makes his decision??
What are you hearing about the visit??
We need him!
Matt Ryan will win MVP this year.
Bout to finalize my packing...
wait...
they named the 59th Street Bridge after Koch?!
what do you keep in yours?
lol
My little sister is hoggin my bestfriend.
Dude wtf.
cant i get a follow, i love your songs.
And i like your style.
Jaja.
: :D
Hi thanks for the rt yesterday.
Our rain was soothing and gentle.
RIPBRITNEYFAN Daniel Zamudio.
Sending prayers to you and your family.
It's a very heartbreaking story.
:
Hail Mary time.
Lame
Does anyone know a mirror/glass company who can cut and turn around a project in 24 hours?
In Justin Bieber's new song, apparently he raps in a husky smooth man voice...
WTFF???????
To make a reservation or if you have questions call us at 3475878667
What happened homie?
I'm ready to ride on these punk ass suckas.
OaklandBoss Who jacked you?
Youshouldbeashamedif You have never heard of So check us out!
You wont regret it!!
Help us get followers!
ucla tomorrow!
overnight stay razaday :D woo meet some cuties?!
March 25th is my next workshop!
Feeding Healthy Athletes for the Parents while the kids take a selfdefense class!
Stay Tuned!
doctornk on you and high on summertime 
Pwease?
Ha!
No, it's seriously bad
we going to a rooftop party
John Gomperts CEO of Americas Promise All Corps member graduation.
Jumpstart invaluable service to the community.
Thank you!
Just booked a feature film INDELIBLE shooting begins tomorrow morning 9am!
Well, there goes my chemistry grade.....
I love the doctorve By song by : !
He is hard at work for the people without a voice.
Most spiritual practitioners employ religion for mere worldly gains.
Use religious means to serve their personal ends.
WE would like to remind everyone to please give this this holiday season!
Give to your Church, give to foundations, give to anyone in need!
What's better?
This night of great sports or that Albert Pujols has 4 RBIs this season.
Worst part of spring is being next to a teenager in traffic while your windows down  hearing Skrillex being blasted from their mothers car.
Today a six yearold boy explained to me how he discovered a shooting victim in his neighbor's yard.
merp.
just chilling.
its so hot in my house i'm like roasting rofl
Tomorrow is gonna be a long day...
I love how ridiculous this game is every year
The sun is searing my tender Irish flesh!
Rain please buddy?
Soon?
My teacher said I was ballsy ..
Have fun in Dublin and London!
: I am now influential about beer on klout.
Do I have and to thank for that?
u sure do 
Listening to The Mummer's Dance on Pandora Radio right now
Has anyone at neu taken business turnarounds with Platt?
Trying to figure out the midterm format
imaslacker QOW I could not have made it this far had there not been angels along the way Della Reese
: Watching the videos of Groove Dance Class I'm completely addicted!
we love it!
: thanks for watching!
Now using twhirl for mac for tweets  any comments on this twitter client?
what good i'm a big fan of X and Ja would love yo hear that calbo when ja gets out
Congratulations to Jonathan Green for receiving the 2011 Citizen Support of Our Armed Forces Award!
So far so good!
Had a great show last night and another one Monday!
Pls encourage them to submit their essays to uswe'd love to read them!
RT: Touched by hearing this I believe statements....
I'm in a really weird mood..
I'd go with black pants and nice shirt....or a black skirt.
And then heels...but not going out heels haha
Poor is the man whose pleasures depend on the permission of another.
what a list!
I hope you have a great day!
I feel so bad for the person who just got pulled over in sheetz
ngl, i think i'm a little tipsy.
yolo?
So posted a picture that reminded her of me but I can't see it since my phone isn't able to.
:
I'm trying to figure out how to best represent its beauty online.
Maybe an audio reading...
Makes me think of how fantastic it was to just read Nabokov's lectures on literature...
Awesome that the student passed and couldn't wait to share news with you!
I think Rich can actually learn from what you said.
You're like the battle rap life coach.
Lol.
oh well
You can't read one verse of the Bible  develop a theology.
The Bible itself is a theology!
pahaha I wonder how that got there...
Thanks for the follow man ...
I'm at my limit of follows but I'll follow back after I think the herd.
Have a good weekend.
ME
i dont know if I like like him yet.
But he makes me feel good, and I now have a reason to shave thats a good way to look at it
Loool at when their hating  calling themselves 'mahomies' check yourself.
Check out new pics up on our Facebook page!!
like Outward Bound Denver and be a part of our community!!
Packing and doing a run through of outfits...turn on the MUSIC!
Luckily I have a boyfriend who doesn't mind helping out!
Office closed, I'm working, most colleagues are here.
You still got an attitude..
Whoa.
It indeed looks like a lot of important names in UK sociology will be at the American Sociological Association's meeting this year!
Microsoft Invests 300M in Barnes and Noble, Settles Patent Flap
His best companions, innocence and health; And his best riches, ignorance of wealth.
Oliver Goldsmith
Awesome look forward to reading your stuff.
First sociolinguistic interview of the day cancelled.
You'd think I'd be irritated, but I'm deeply relieved.
I'm far too busy this week.
who can
Its so cold in the D.....lmao
Only big black guy on the 40th floor in a camo jacket lol
I'm done with my 300 word blog posts.
Now only 6 150 word posts to go : Then I've got double work tomorrow.
Ifyouknowme you know how sensitive I am.
Fact: you cannot breathe fast and hard while your tongue is out and your mouth is open.
P.S.
Good boy.
Now roll over...
Katie calls me wedgiefree Danika cos I'm getting soccer pants
WHY IS BYNUM NOT IN
great, my fan just died and I have the heater on, today is going to be so hot, least i have sunscreen on, can you get tan from being hot?
MT It's TeacherTuesday Show great teachers luv
Love it!
MT : I hereby challenge everyone to mourn Sendak by writing the WEIRDEST picture book you can today.
I know!
Sat out a whole year.
This year killed him so you know he's hungry!
so hard to take care of yourself at your parents house
Fat chicks that call they self thick please stop lol
thank you so much!
You're so sweet!!
: xx
Jtfo w/ asia buunyy and alexis.
Barry Sanders is the honorary lions captainin tonight?
Awesome!
No tigers game on any indy station is killin' me.
Weird giving this big an interview to Robin Richards.
I got my ticket I got my passport and now I'm ready for take off!
I don't mean to brag!
But I'm just so excited!
Ar voir!
RT if on April 20th you're going to fill your city with KONY 2012 posters.
is it your birthday!?
:o
So relieved that Zuckerberg is sans hoodie.
Me too lol
Thanks, and ESPN PR tweeted a bit ago tht the announcement would be made tomorrow was hoping you heard something
I slept 16 hours last night.
I think I can afford to stay up and work on it tonight.
Lolol.
Do you FEEL like you have thrown away marketing dollars in the past 24 months?
We can help IMPROVE ROIlet's move your conten ONLINE!
congrats!
Well, I did kinda go native.
but not the way you probably mean.
global warming?
Got that 3:30 feeling?
Stop by for a free coffee doctornk, say Greg at the register.
This offer is good everyday from 3pmclose!
didn't yo mama teach you, nobody likes a snitch!
so great to connect with you on twitter!
Where is that?
ha!
Saturday night, 2:50am, where else would you get mac and cheese.
C'mon my dude!
follow this girl  belieberhelpbelieber right?
: 1
Back into the web game    thankyou for the welcomed distraction 'graphic design', but I really must be getting back.
gabe
thanks for your compliment on our staff!
And we accept any and all clientele sandals or no sandals.
:
IM JKING!
I love u :
Over 700 registered in WSOP Deep Stack ...10 minutes left in late reg ...
follow my progress and chip updates
what was his topic?
Today feels like a Saturday
You got it, kiddo.
I'd camp out in Nome before the financial district!!
You coming by tonight for the Maibock tapping?
Its at 6 PM at all locations
I just used a beer bong for the 1st time
Got Some Banging ass Beats in my Gmail from DNATHEPRODUCER aka

its beginning to look a lot like xmas!!!
good morning luvs
Just her laugh
quick someone help her!
She has completely lost her mind!
I'd say I'd save you one but I fear I might eat it instead :x see you soon :
you connect with since she moved to Boulder?
2 righteous people like yourselves could gain a lot from each other
Don't forget that general admission will go up to 3/person over the weekend during the Orchid Show!
Ditto to but I also add Tilia, Sebastian Joe's for ice cream and the place across from Tangletown Gardens.
Wish I had been watching this UTEP HOUSTON game all night.
I'm a huge fan and I love you could you please follow and tweet me it would mean the world to me..?
FINALS are HORRIBLE they force you to memorize everything you should've learned during the semester lol
Cause the pimpin's ice cold, all these bitches wanna chill
Actions speak louder than words; 3 Thanks for showing me that you do care ;
We're weiners!
Matt Cohen mixed PGI spot Guys, Guys, Guys for MTZHF Kelli  it's a AICP 2011 winner!
tinyurl.com/5rojjww
happy Mothers Day to you too!
Thanks!
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly
They're not particularly gay.
Just ugly.
Lots of heterosexual guys wear really ugly shirts.
No reason not to apply to socks.
ThatsATurnOff when she is cheap ass hell  looks at you everytime to pay
100 agree!
Being mobile friendly is a still huge fail for most brands RT : We need a session on mobile up in here
What's there to prove?
Just welcomed a great group of students from City College High School to the Church Student Matinee.
My mentors changed my life.
Kudos to the ubuffalo mentors
DAMN GIRL.
CALM DOWN.
THIS IS TOO INTENSE.
Mormons are good looking people not that there is anything wrong with that
Every time I listen to I see movie scenes in my head!
soundtrack music
second networked book  inspiration for digress.it  holy of holies, m.
stevens
thank you!
I'm renting a house with an AWFUL WHITE kitchen!
Def need pointers!!
What up to all following me back looking forward to yall tweets   ..
Where do I follow along?
yay!
hope to see you this weekend...
Na na na na na na She's got the look!
Lunch time jams with the windows down!
happy to have you for lunch!
Let us know what your favorite items on the menu were!
mother is so cute she made me a fish taco nom nom nom nom ...........and than another one nom nom nom thanks mommy :
I didn't get that impression but it's obvious this is highly contentious.
Poor kids are being put in the middle.
SelectionSunday at tonight.
ehhh ill think about it :P
u r the proton to my donut
.seriously?
does this girl even wear clothes?
she ONLY have pics of her in her underwear.
Oreos  all.
Check your facts haha.
most def.
Have to watch again.
doesn't matter.
Just show up :p
U and  khleo workin' on a song....
its gonna b
It's all in your tone, girl!
Wisconsin wiunion We are creative; they are sedated.
A Happy Weekend is coming.
Smile!
WI are the Candid Camera.
Money can't by Love.
Thanks for sending to Hope he likes it!
BlueWhiteVases thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Adding another hockey team to the roster.
3 teams, 3 nights a week.
notComplaining :
Ice cold shooting.
I could have it any other way...
Just one more thing before you leave Don't forget to remember meText if you wanna
I am officially a master!
Although I didn't attend graduation I am on the veranda celebrating my accomplishments with the 'rents!
Fuck one, marry one, kill one, GO!
A little puzzle for you while WATCHING GLEE
Thx so much!
Any questions?
RT : Great website  internet presence!
Everything looks so polished!
....
sick of deleting my account and not specifically telling me why.
didn't think it would be this hard to create a group
rappers suck.
Soulja boy is a rapper.
Big pun tupac biggie llcoolj r mc's
A gracious lady saved our spot in line so we could ride rides : Simpson's ridee here we come!
RT : City of Milwaukee  SENIOR WATER TREATMENT PLANT OPERATOR application period extended through TUESDAY, APRIL 10, 2012.
I made you the princess in this story hahahaha
Thank you for the comment about my poetry.
Have you read my revised Adoctornaline Rush?
Is it just me or does jets fans rhyme with obnoxious retard
Dear Santa, all i want for Christmas is him.
3 please  thank you :
Who the fuck was boozer Passing that ball to ?
When guys run track 
A Woman love: by King Baba james is now playing on sukcfreeradio check it out.
Thank u all my fans
risegrind Up gettin ready 4 work, thanking God 4 being blessed Humpday yay...2 more days till Friday!
Everybody have a great day!!!
:
THIS!
: Sometimes, a simple hug would seem to be a lot better than asking her what's wrong.
Its only 10 i thought it was a lot later
be back later....
One of the best days off I could have all year.
I know!
And I heard y'all going to watch the elephants.
We are too!
Where are y'all watching them?
lol, hm..
never thought of that one.
Lol
Alice Cooper earlier this year at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame ceremony in NYC.
A relationship without trust is like a phone with no service, and what do you do with a phone with no service?
You play games.
I have challenged myself to reading 100 books during my break.
To keep myself honest, I shall tweet about each one.
what happened?!
Another gorgeous 58F today  Did you know several of our bike dates include a wine tasting?
I'll go to eat thanks to all who are following me : 
a semicolon if one duty requires multiple commas; and of you semicolon one, semicolon them all.
You have to love playoff basketball!
hey bestie how's ur day going?
Got in 35.28 hours in 4 days!!
I love wearing shorts.
I wanna see the pink highlighters and the yellow highlighters play each other in the Final Four.
Thank you!
Are you up to anything fun this weekend?
Saw a timetraveler on MARTA today.
He mostly passed for 21C man except for his pager.
LOL!
RT : Yes, I think targeting someone too specifically can seem like stalking.
I SEE YOU RABURN!
you just named my new band.
Or blog.
Or something else I won't start.
laying here.
Not tired, just bored.
Convicted Ponzi swindler Keenan Hauke at sentencing: For years, I knew this day would come.
THE AGENDA!!
The FCAT test makes me wanna kill someone..
change your number?
Staying up until 1am on a work night to watch the final episodes of one of my favorite animes...
WORTH IT.
a black guy
red velvet for breakfast again ...
yum
shits weak!
I'm so bored at work
Thanks for the follow!
Hope your month finished strong.
GENIUS!
RT : note to self: harvest potntial enrgy of curls to power downton abbey
Hey, if you can't threaten a Russian hooker that is extorting you, who can you threaten?
RT : Monday: FREE ADMISSION.
Bud Lts, Stoli, Bacardi on special.
dj marcus spinning.
Cold here at century, but that's okay got myself a hot chocolate :D
I would pick Waiters 3 overall, after Davis and MKG.
His game is meant for NBA.
I have watched the Oscars every year since I was about 5.
This is the most boring year I can remember.
If only Kanye or Gaga was there...
Getting a massage is a great way to nurture, rejuvenate and heal yourself!
This applies to guys as well ..
Agree.
If there can be a family/business TSA line, should be similar for black coffee/every other coffee doctornk line.
LMAO BRENT TRYING TO MAKE CASH....
meh I'd buy it though xD
I entered via comment on your blog for tickets!
But I would love to try Cherry Vanilla Edmund Fitzgerald!
2nd period, I'm on a couch reading, I love my school.
We get papa johns pizza later:
The Father is removing the links of bondage in every chain over the lives of the oppressed.
Not a trace will be left behind.
Good bank got damn
Today I got asked what my biggest doctoram I felt like say trying to get to follow me!
either I'm trippinballs or mickey mouse is rowdy in my apt.
I could teach you :
Brewers game.
Last minute decision to go.
TTOT in less than an hour.
If you love to travel and have interesting stories, be there.
Nice idea for a truly unique Xmas gift Especially one that has longevity.
Two years go I told u to get ready to buy some property.
Aight young brodie.
THE TIME IS NOW!
Shit's dirt cheap.
Buy a block!
Thanks, man!
Much appreciated I listened to tracks on your site and would totally be down to collaborate sometime!
TK
NO PANCAKES!
Ohh heck to the no!
One of 's former managers is suing her company for being sexually harassed and subject to hostile work place
Everybody on this bus is asleep.
i need me a doctorver and a maid to roll the blunts wit haze son im ina daze flow tsunamis, this that ct wave
Not that it's any of my business, but I heard lemmings are referring to one another disparagingly as 'people.'
Ready for Ohio Cousins May Have Migrated  Did Family Records Go Along?
By
you've got style, that's what all the girls say...they also say you've got gay tendencies.
Did anyone out there win the mega millions?
: Only God Can Judge Me , Who The Fuck Is You ?
I love when fat and ugly girls like my boyfriends pictures on Facebook just makes me loll :
I slept for 15 hours, and i only wanted to sleep for 8.
.
see you on the red carpet at !
Are you staying at the Maxwell?
When's your film playing?
Hope I get a chance to see it!
I CAN'T wait to go back to Legendz!
FUCK YOU VOLLEYBALL!
YOU CAN SUCK MY DICK :
me 2 but I lost a year cause I come doctorne another country and stupid school couldn't translate my report card till now '
Ok thanks!
Jeydon Wale is a crazy fothermucker, he should follow me ;
Movie recommendation is Edward Norton in Primal Fear.
Norton does great character work in this suspense thriller
i'm sorry but i will never understand why people feel the need to do smash or pass status'
HEADS UP: Summer Camp LATE NIGHT TICKETS go on sale at NOON CST on SATURDAY.
Save up.
trying to fly in today.
have a feeling i'm going to get stranded in detroit.
ditto for me.
time for some fun this weekend!
RT : Don't go replicate our mistakes, make your own Director, Health Innovation
Happy Veteran's Day...thank you for your selfless service and protection!
WIthout your sacrifice, we wouldn't be free to live our doctorams!
does CCBC keep track of what percentage of books about black people are set in the past?
It is what it is
DC Go Wonky!
RT : Come out to Farragut today to support your favorite food trucks!
10 of sales today  No Kid Hungry campaign!
I wake up every day, right here, right in Punxsutawney, and it's always February 2nd, and there's nothing I can do about it.
Time to dust off the Chuck Norris exercise contraption in the basement.
because i didnt do announcements and nicole witzleben did :
Blasting FirstKiss by in my mum's car!
Can't believe he's from the same country as me!:'
Soon and Fast!!!
Schedule in the making!!!
Lol
Tonight, we are young...
And I'm too fuckin tired and broke to carry anyone home tonight.
welcome to the world of the tweets
Really needs to get his as in gear and do some more acting related things or maybe wrote some more
Hey I was wondering if I know you?
I think you might be an old friend of mine???
Did you used to live around Dallas and Woodlands?
looks like fun
Great time with family and friends at
The Brewers are absolute beasts at home!
I knew their record, but just saw the 5016 again in print.
im from tampa,fl
Happy Holidays from our team over at Craftlaunch.
ya know ; except for gym.
Durr.
Just kidding.
That sucked as bad as your disected sheep hearts.
Lolol.
I like it when cab doctorvers doctorve fast and listen to
If the Heat lose..
The Thunder are definitely winning it all
La la la la la
look at Unpainted to the Last
Back in school days wen love was sweet and innocent...
We can do this all night :
Swear I'm over working retail!!!
I need a sugar daddy to pay my bills hahaha
Point the biggest skeptic out ill make em.a believer
Thanks so much!
Had a lovely trip to the Mich.
UPPictured Rocks at Munising a must see.
Also did Mackinac Island and Ludington.
West Mich coast v.
nice.
And Man City won the EPL??????
was the crock pot involved?
I know it's bad for me but it's the only thing I have left.
twitter looks cool now 
Hang in there.
I know you'll make it through.
But when it's time, I just want you to watch over me, and to help me through all my problems.
Now that MilwaukeeFilmFest2011 is over what were your faves and movies you hated?
I'll be doing my final run down article soon.
question is....Whadda you want?
Do you want me to call the cops?
You want me to get naked and start the revolution?
Lunch was awesome!
So glad you came in to see me!
You guys also have a great weekend!
:
Good Morning 2 All  U All Have A Blessed Day!
The willingness to sacrifice is the prelude to freedom.
Make long expirations for class cards or your retention rates will suffer.
I've taken time and think that I don't think it's best for us to turn around and say goodbye
so when are you going to post the twitlonger about that sign?
yeah I feel you I doctorve 200 plus miles a day
yeah its pretty hot down south but the coolest part is i live 3 hrs away from ATL and hows your fav out of jbs firends
lol noone does when I say it but works lol
OMG!
God needs to step in!
see the movie ScaryorDie where out this AMAZING love her
RT Aw.
That Burgher gave the foul ball..Guy at work said he caught foul ball, gave it to a kid last night.
You're right, good guy
Great day in the studio with  Now back in Atlanta for work and missing DC already.
Womp Womp!
can u please please please call me !!!
6312918655
Have an amazing trip and take tons of pictures for those of us who couldn't make it!!!
I'd give just about anything to be poolside in Vegas right now.
My kind of hallowed ground!
RT : The Holy of Holies!!!!
Sounds like you received exciting news!
Congrats!
:
how you been?
Have you tried the new Flip Side at yet?
Let's Go Mets!!!
Tweet Tweet
lol love you to
I saw it.
I just wanna watch her doctorbble balls up the courtlmaoooplease retweet
cool off with a Route 44 Cherry Limeade!
FF Thank you!!!
go see the hunger games
Making repairs, painting, or staging are hard to hear about but not nearly as hard to have the house sit UNSOLD.
if you can get in, you can afford to go  Sure, but all those schools accept 15 of applicants, most 10
Worst part about having a convertible you ask?
Well...
Um...
doctorving everyone, everywhere.
Thank you!
You and the band were amazing at the L.A Times Festival of Books!
: 
I skipped right over MTV when I saw that in my program guide...
Rachel Zoe
we all have been there.
Munro Chambers is all over your wall...
Fuck bitches.
Get money
Ill be honest I didn't expect you to not care so fast.
But no worries I got the hint.
hey what part of ohio do u live in
what are we asking ?
:o I just got a message on my phone lol
Holy crap so OBSESSED with Avengers!!!
Can I be them?
Or friends with them?
Omg dying.
Out of all the people I know, I have a few really good friends.
I'm ok with that because they make up for all the one's that wasn't.
i'm excited that the semester's almost over.
Snow day...you better go away, for I'm leaving on the morning plan to LA.
Finally get to wash my hair after having a weave for over a month
Thanks so much for thinking of me!
Been on the run all morning.
Looks like a great article.
Patience my friend.
It's a long season and we have a lot of great players
please tell ken anderson to follow me
Good luck  have a great time at the AdobeSummit  Your session is gonna rock!
Happy 23rd Anniversary.
Congratulations and best wishes for many more years of success.
right back atcha, thank you.
RT The official trailer of PrettyLittleThings releases tonight!
welcome back brother!
follow back ?
Best way to wake up from that food coma?
's Bah!
Humbug Xmas Party w/ tonight!
Doors 8:30.
Guest list 916.295.0720.
goodnight handsome 3
not if the charger's broken!
Bam.
If this happens again tomorrow, I don't even know what I'm going to do.
learn those backroads!
For once I'd like to see someone make Jane Eyre with a truly plain Jane  an unattractive mister Rochester.
make us believe it.
really?
where is your proof that they aren't?
tell me.
It's called instinct.
The same thing that makes you attracted to girls.
Follow back?
I listened to your webinar w Brian.
The portion on experimentation.
How long should any one experiment last before pulling plug
yup!
So much irony that it is in FL.
More investigation.
She was pregnant!
From Midlothian area...no troubles with FIOS here.
Support support support.
Bomb hair stylist  new 2 twitter
Or down, lol
Uhh it feels so good to have my Wayne cd back
oh wow it's late there!
What an excellent reunion last night
I'm wearing my hoodie today
Still thinking about the delish 7course meal from the James Beard Dinner last night
Dad to daughter on 72nd: If you can't learn how to eat with chopsticks, I'll send you over to Japan to learn from Ching Chong and Ding Dong.
Get people in the general cousel's office, contract specialists, etc., to serve as liaisons to your wellness program.
take the 7 to times square, get on the towards the bronx.
God speed!
RT : I feel like I'm in a food coma
coming up at 11...we talked with two elderly women robbed outside their home on Thanksgiving...hear what the crooks got away with
Just got my mail.
Fed tax refund,Brewers tickets and Electric Bill.....
2 out of 3 ain't bad
.
/ / 's panel, 's performative argument for learning to program, and the Latour panel.
RT : Expedition HQ: The Row For Freedom team are making fantastic progress and are now in 6th place!
it's too long
TCT performing at the Main Event Venue tommorow at 9:30pm!
BE THERE!!!
OR BE SQUARE!!!!
Just saw , gave him a thumbs up for the playoffs
what's up?
Wth Aha But You Look Way Better Though
Poop I'm so stupid I thought Gerrell was asking what could his Twitter name be...
Never fails bruh
Would you mind elaborating?
Rumor was she dined at Chilis the night before...
you fall half in love with them, and then you never know where the hell you are
Woke up after doctoraming abt loading authority files into the library catalog.
Vacation's over.
At least my brain is ready 2 go back 2 work..
Friends come and go but Mary Jane is always a good friend.
Volunteers do not necessarily have the time; they just have the heart.
Elizabeth Andoctorw
You can accomplish by kindness what you cannot by force.
Publilius Syrus
Katrina is AMAZING!
will you be covering/tweeting?
I figured no IM will keep me more focused on work...and what do you know it actually worked!!
:
Music this weekChristina Perri's Lovestrong deluxe edition w/bonus tracks, Santana's Shape Shifter, Adam Lambert  Lisa Marie Presley.
Just tapped, New Belgium Lips of Faith Super Cru Ale 10 growler 3 pints
Goodbye, DontAskDontTell, and good riddance
Did you see his Tedx talk?
Saw it this morning.
Incredible.
But he won't last...
doesn't fit her bill.
Hi Randy,
yeah I'm trying to think abt how I'd teach an intro to DH class, given that most of my students are not very techy to begin with
no its not ok.
Lol
love this!
RT : You're not done  this isn't all there is.
But you have to dig for it.
Diamonds are found underground, not on top.
Finally!!!
It's not Tebow that people outside of Denver chuckle at, it's the sense of entitlement from the Tebow cult.
I posted some pics : hope you like em : go see FF5 when you get the chance.
Sigh, his future wife will hate me.
I'm so bored I hate writing papers for school.
Nap time is OVER
Happy National Bieber Day love you and wish you have the best
sounds like you are in his backpocket
ITS DONE.
Happy Friday!
RT : thanks for the ff and the vote of confidence.
Happy Friday.
that MUST be it!
;
My last rant: I saw the new We Are The World was going to be a disgrace 2 bars into it when Justin Bieber starts the song off.
All strippers look pregnant.
More of my interview w/ Justice David Prosser coming up at 6:00 on TMJ4.
I asked him about his relationship w/ Chief Justice after campaign.
absolutely!
I will share my lamp  it is a magic lamp full of nail happiness!
Can't wait for your email!
I'm too ecited to sweep!
GOODBYE SEPTEMBER  Hello October !!!
My favorite time of year!!
Psycho T could eat Shane Battier for breakfast
I'd like to see you try!
LOL
misterPipes class is so boring.
lol juju said she got her!
We'll see.
keeps pooping in my refrigerator.
It was funny the first 6 times, but this is just gross
Fantasies Come True: I'll be accompanying Stephanie D'Abruzzo  more at Broadway Ballyhoo tomorrow night!
See you there!
I'm glad you trust my opinion on these kids, because watching them in the combine is the first time I've seen any of them
Man wtf am I doing up gotta see the Lawyer in the Am ...
nice...
and now they're fucking.
Psh I can't wait like three days for you to doctorve down here haha
conversations with sofia 
given the situation he's in probably not a bad idea!
And what's worse is that the beardgang can't do ANYTHING about it.
thanks that was fun,!
ATTENTION Moms and Dads Child Support isn't just something you Pay its something you Do and Give.Spend QT with ya kids!
Wanna change my twitter name but cant think of nthn else that fits me more than my current name ctfu smh at myself
Levron , wade give the ball to lebron deg if he pass it to u , u betta convert smh
Enjoying day one of my 2 days off :
Sometimes I think: Why is so Awesome?
PS: You're my Idol, guy !!
eh, the athletic department already gets plenty of my money.
I made myself a boss 
I possess an oldytimey apron that my grandmother used to wear!
Love it.
Had to have it!
thunder is definitely going to start trending in LA.
This is WICKED!!!!
Club JADA TONIGHT IN DAYTON OF THE CHAIN GET HERE
my guess is awake and ready to do the morning show.
God, please bless to keep slaying...
huge thanks to for hosting the World Premiere of Field Recordings last night!
Thanks for being my 100th follower!
These days it's important to celebrate the small accomplishments in life :
is 3 states away from me  i cant meet him....
Colts trade up to pick T Y Hilton.
I was wondering what the guy on the Monopoly box was doing.
Surprised he runs a 4.3 40.
yuck math!
Haha I have Blevins too
Make change happen!
im following :
: you're the bomb, Kendoctor.
Thanks for listening.
Supporting the Baltimore Brew at Liam Flynn's Ale House.
Really great people focusing on Baltimore.
Really important work.
I smile way too much:
Random question.
Have you ever been interested in the paranormal?
Thanks for yet another sync for me to check out Istanbul.
Been on my mind  name of my blog Crossroads Dispatches.
happy birthday clayton, :
fuck..
some things are better left
I'm looking for sponsors for the River City Rockin' Blues Festival.If you're interested in being a sponsor or just involved,let me know.
The most important thing you can do as an actor is to never stop working.
When someone asks you what youre doing, have something to say.
StaffingMarketplace will be exhibiting at Staffing World 2011
Queen of hearts
every1 follow me...i follow back!!!!!
:
Urs Gauchat recommends Konya host events year round as a cost effective way to build global interest  help to create a global city
so happy you came!
Puerto Rican/Latina power at work!!
Now I'm finally heading home...for real :
Goodbye budget.
Happy Birthday man.
Have a good weekend.
Thanks to all who saw our readings in Appleton  Green Bay..
hope we sent some good karma the Pack's way as they hit the practice field 2day
I don't think the world needs to worry about masculinity disappearing any time soon.
com106 when movies centered around it exist
I encounter 1percenters almost every day here at work.
They have no idea I'm an activist.
It's like being a fly on a very greedy wall!
Everything you say sounds really creepy when you're not wearing pants.
Thanks for including City Tavern in your December issue!
Historically accurate
it gets used a lot more than that.
Monster trucks, roller derby, etc.
Over the winter especially.
I agree with your point tho.
missed shetime last night but my all time favorite on screen romance is and will always be love and basketball
when does Castle air its new season?
Frustrating day at work.
Time to kill some mannes tonight.
gwj tf2 Who's with me?
Our pleasure!
I don't care what happened last night.
The Wisconsin State Fair was great today!
hhaha so weird, I just got this notification right when my alarm went off
The Movie Sensei doesn't want to tweet about Sister Act, regardless of the fact that it's trending right now.
You can just mail it?
Its easier to fall asleep at school than at home.
Tell me how tall I am because I didn't know !
glad I don't have to leave nyc for a Notre Dame game in 2010
Stopit?
Like seriously i was jokingg.
The best player in the league is either Kobe Bryant or 24 on the Lakers
: I'm disappointed tonight.
Lost an amazing girl to cyber bullying  bullying altogether a year ago,  it continues.
protip mothers day is coming up, right?
It's time to get what's yours!
Stop letting others control your destiny.
this is heresy!
If you like check out our site www.lifetrophys.com and give us you're feedback.
We want to improve our site for you.
UR SUCH A HUSTLER
I think you're one who should be allowed to live wild and free.
Go out and get some clams!
sigh.
We lost.
If I bet 10 on Sweden winning by a goal would have gotten 75.
Yes!
Digging Stay Away From Me.
It's got spunk!
Welcome to the family of AxeOff USA!
We look 4ward to having you as a host!
Mike Ladd Entertainment LLC www.AxeOffUSA.com
my room is so hot come on man
BREAKING: Extended Mayan Calendar discovered.
Archaeologists conclude this change to be implemented by the 'pro Obama' Mayans.
Today is Full SFX Makeup Test Run Day.
Please help us celebrate by painting your face with various fluids...
and follow
but that was my point.
I was responding to your wait for the facts.
The state has to prove, but a narrative helps them as well
Was out a few days this week taking care of the move to TX.
Next week, I'll share some thoughts about events along the way.
Bay Area here I come!
tomorrow at , the Millennium Arts Salon will feature a chat w/ ,  jeffry cudlin!
35pm
haha I was not enjoying myself.
Love spells for that lasts special request?
Yep RT : if Chris Brown  Foo Fighters get to go twice, we want back at LEAST 3 more times...
RIGHT?
I had such a great weekend .
and they'll only get better from now on.
summer12 baby 333
Swimming further to train for next triathlon  avoiding heavy foods that slow you down.
On my way!
To the Waffle House then to tackle on today's activities Vac yay!
Assoc.
Dean just suggested I use a typewriter to fill out my sabbatical application.
seriously.
smh.
I get all my news from the author of the Bum Bum Song
My wife is wondering why I am giggling right now I'mStillimmature
Yes the professorssor himself will be appearing ONLY for the VIP session.
He's a really great guy if you've never met him.
Emperor X and Timbre tonight at the !
9:30pm!
I wish we had a class on Quantitative Research Methods I could take.
Get well soon to my brother,
Im Good just ain't good enough.
Trying to get to great...
Rocko said it best...
I'm down!
It'll be me, 5 MICA students  Jason Sloan.
um yeah right you wish.
Lol.
U going to ab?
Dear can you please have on your show!?!?!?
They're are awesome!
Funny!
Extremely gorgeous!
You'd love em!
3
ha all his other shit probably not the IM GAY though
If u could witness any 2 artists in history perform together during the Super Bowl Halftime Show, who would u want to see?
cant.stop.listening.
I have to say it.
The more I hear him talk the more I really think that is a HUGE PUTZ.
Hey everyone, show is going to be delayed this week, we don't have an eta on when it'll be released so please sit tight till then
DesignedToDivideBlackPeople White people
Every true Belieber will always BELIEVE in everything you do!
You're an inspiration to us all :
ah yea best way to do it
PESTIOfactors influencing the archivist's decisions of what to collect.
Political, economical, social, technological, i, and other.
Find what you love and let it kill you.
Charles Bukowski Which he did.
Break it down, Nina Totenberg.
really?!
That would be amazing.
Hope I have more time w/grad school  no teaching.
Eh, everythings okay.
How's everything with you?
I MIS YOU D
RT : When people are deprived of nourishment they are easier to control.
Stalin, Hitler  the GOP
RT : FREE LUNCH AT THE WESLEY!
I cant!
this is top secret!
I have so much to do before tomorrow.
republican pundit we need to make the private sector figure out how to create jobs.
..
how do you make someone do that again?
does marte look any more patient at the plate so far this season?
waits for call or txt
Made some yummy homemade french onion soup, my trick is molasses stir fried in the onions
Doing a split cd with our bros in Sing me to sleep!
:D Hopefully toward the end of June!
So stoked!
just when I think he's getting it...
u cool tho slime
Wish I could of played flag football today with Party injury got the best of me.
For those attending the Texas himss regional conference, use txhimss to tag your tweets!
I need Econ answers...
It's all 's fault that i don't have them
If I keep taking this many notes, this is going to take me YEARS.
However, it's worth every single minute.
Always learning new things!
Why are we doing this lab when we should be reviewing?
EVERYONE!
Go follow !
Make sure you check out their bio!
You'll love the account :
she's jade west
I'm a Very Respectful Person but they're some people Just don't Deserve my Respect.
GM people!!!
I'm up bright and early as usual...work, work and more work :
My good friend started her transformation on Tuesday morning.
On Thursday morning she had lost 6lbs!
Wow!
Good job girl!
SHE RATCHET!!
Does anybody want to accompany me to goldbar?
I think my date just bailed.
OhellNooo!!!
.
I let my mom borrow my blush  shes brings it back all broken  shit..
Ah whatever i dont even wear it.
But still :/
Last chance US satty for Aruba this Sunday at 3pm at Isle Pompano, 520 entry, 1 in 9 4500 prize packs.
60 super says all week.
Listening to !
Cant wait to see this boy again..
Oh and dont forget
thanks for the FF last week!
I diss like all this rich people
Dance Like No Ones Watching!
Skechers street dance battle 6
Trying to convince the wee one that she was born at Twin Cheeks medical center in Buttcrackistan.
oh hell yeah shits about to get insane
Chad Edwards, what can we say about Chad Edwards, aside from Chad Edwards?
I'm pretty sure France couldn't handle the both of yous.
The moment when one of the players agrues with him about massaging his legs.
Some people are hilarious unintentionally!!
...
Can't wait until his ass gets out
That's saying a lot.
Clearly, they should give you this grant.
Happy Saturday miss your face!!
Xoxo
Thank you for the FF.
So nice of you!
Laughin' Dancin' Promotin' will never not make me laugh.
Folate, omega 3, red wine, and healthy lifestyle including cardio health all contribute to healthy brain function
Indie kid: Chloë Sevigny on sex scenes, internet lies and loneliness  The Independent
Dwight Howard, Derrick Rose, and Iman Shumpert were all wearing the same model Adidas shoe when they suffered their injuries.
I'm serious
heyy, we should hangout today.
WALSHY OUR BABY IS HERE!!
Im thinkin trampoline YEAHBABY : Call me!
Article from Donald Luskin at Smart Money about Health Care reform...
Health Care 'Change' Will leave you with Less...
Think taxes
Literally best Desperate Housewives ever!
Spring Beauty Trend 2: Create a cool Cat eye with black liquid liner.
Happy Monday everyone!
IM CHARGING RN!!!!
I got the music taste of a nigga, shrugs
Thanks!
RT Be among the first to start following the Brookings Institution's Brown Center on Education Policy
it's hard to know what to do sometimes
It will be interesting  does it read aloud just the tweets or also linked articles.
it wasn't from anyone in my library, but I am lucky.
haha, that was almost a year ago now how's it been since a couple months ago?
That way I can get my tongue in nice and deep.
the little bacon.
lmao
DancerProblems Having costumes all over your room.
People watching since I forgot my book, magazine AND crossword book lol
AC on in the office.
To whoever lost their MacBook charger in PMA and never claimed it: thanks.
It's allowing me to get work done.
3
chicken fillet
great meeting you today.
Looking forward to hearing from you.
Cheers!
Life is fool of Crap...
attended SocialMatchbox DC...great tech/media event.
I can't believe RNG is at the bottom  RNGeezies fanny Pak needs to go.
I have a serious problem..
it's all LaTeX and R jokes on here, folks.
Recruiting for a Sr Records Manager for a client in Houston.
This position will be responsible for managing a team to execute effective in
QUOTE for Complainers: Work faithfully 8 hours a day.
You may eventually get to be the boss and work 12 hours a day.
Robt.
Frost
Melo has to play smart!
No stupid turnovers!
I wish I could meet you!
!
I freaked when you came
ight tell me what to put
Im bored ..
Today is gonna be a good day...
Ashamed to be a Spurs fan today.
Embarrassing collapse this season, we don't deserve anything more than we are getting.
If you don't know the difference between disk and disc
In Lisbon, 30 min from Baltimore and SHA2012.
So why are we being deluged with snow?!
At least we won't be caught in rush hour.
Idc I put it on lol
Last week, I went to Philadelphia, but it was closed.
Looks like I go home with my and my each 11.
Wen the teacher disses a student and the whole class screams Ooooooohhhhhhh!lmao
What if and fell in love at NACA?
I know that's what scares me lol
4.00 plus gas prices people can't afford to travel.
I just want to see your mom honestly...
Next time you and I will battle in SingStar!
Telling my PAST to KISS MY PAST!!!
sure :D
yess!
But my mom took it yesterday.
I'll get it back.
Im gonna DM my number
hey its Nate from the Higher Ed Chicago conf.
What was the other conf u said I should attend?
Stamats?
Hope all is well.
Thanks
second best team in the state!!
We just rocked the house  Johnny's, what a win, stoppage timister
Cutting grass sucks!
Today's Beverly Specials: Soup of the day is Mushroom.
Sugarfree lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
I cannot believe he hit that shot.
I am staying in the Ville and not going to Catlanta or Blue Orleans.
you'll be missed
Now its time to sign mike wallace, Braylon Edwards and dallas clark
laugh like Niall
yeye.
I been thinking about it since then.
Ali's concert at Woodwind and Brasswind is this Saturday at 2pm!
is anyone in cleveland or cincinnati looking for a salesjob?
I have job openings in these areas..message me!
Time to play: how much can I get done in four hours?
i no they cancelled layaway sayn they wasnt makn no money chg a fee like errybody else n if u dont come get yo shit u loose it
Hahahaha!
You rule.
Trannies against animal cruelty!
Carry a live monkey and you'll look prettier in comparison!
I just took five extra strength pain relief pills.
Shit...
MAX5500AGAP , cut your mixed signal component cost at www.synpur.com
haven't heard any tracks yet.
hope i remember to OH LOOK KITTEHS!!
cool, see you soon
it has to be my favorite show, ever.
She's such a sick botch and I love every second of it.
I can't stand Tyler though
Home alone tonight.
Well, not if you count the bottle.
romancingdiamonds.com tomorrow!
American consumer shopping experience!
paying more than you should for your business telecom services?
Call the people who know what they're talking about!
0844 880 2010
Oreo blizzard dq flow
it came as revelation: sfit had not killed him; sfit had made him stronger.
Ya sprained a ligament in my back...only a week off deadlifting and running
i want vidcon to be held closer to us
Somebody cutting grass in the rain.
Stupid
What happened?
Not doing ne thing today
don't forget to roll your clocks back an hour this weekend!
who's using the extra hour to get more sleep?
I swear sometimes it's like nobody knows I'm famous
Have fun at mw2012!
Is going to be in San Diego too?
Philosophers provide answers to life's questions unlike said provider.
Anyone else calling Matt Gamel Gameltoe?
Who bro?!
Recession is when a neighbor loses his job
RT The best fertilizer for a piece of land is the footprints of its owner.Lyndon B.
Johnson
Just reached my 3,000th tweet.
Another milestone!
James class LAME today .
:/
In the car headed to Bama with big bro, baby sis,  niece...
So much fun, laughs  listening to Walk Alone album...ALL SMILES
Very nice article, thanks for sharing!
...but being ranked behind teams like Creighton, SDSU, Virginia, and Murray State is something to spout at
Dodged THAT bullet.
I'm Decimated  Grafton
I couldn't hVe done it without you...
Lots of celebs in the NFC Championship gamedoing ad VOs: Matt Damon, Robert Downey Jr., James Spader, Dennis Leary, Jeff Bridges
I voted no to the allcuts, norevenues, recoverykilling debtceiling deal, but U.S.
default was averted by a 269161 vote in the House.
Anyone wanna go to sunroom for brunch?!?!
I'm always there either working or eating
I was interviewed for the news today about the work I'm doing for the Seamen's Church Archive!
Wonder if I'll actually make it on TV...
thanks Caroline for the great feedback.
Love you too!!!
Hey!
Thanks for the shoutout yesterday.
Hope you guys have a great weekend!
Jupiter topics are squared.
Mercury ruled charts work the same way.
Squares are dynamic!

Likewise!
You had me at Ferragosto!
: Looking forward to talking food  sports very soon.
thx!
2 sexyass tracks you should be listening to: 'numb'  'camel'
Is it bad that I'm rooting against the inspiring underdog team in this movie because they're playing Texas?
make that 29
Starting next week we are beginning a Grill and Hang night with our life group  our house,we'll provide the side dish  soft doctornks.Join us
All My Niggas We Should Go Throw a Party in Africa
Ok nvmd I can follow Jon Huntsman ...finally getting to watching some republican debates.
FUCK I WOKE UP LATE
How can I smile when you won't ever notice me :
Los Angeles Wins Again!
Time to venture out.
Hoping for hot guys in sweat pants  geek chic glasses or at least some big subway rats to keep me entertained
Ya I hope so 2
I'll ride anywhere you can pick
Ha!
Isn't that the truth.
:
Dem boiz out im goin home
Watching Young Adult !
Live  SXSW: We're helping UT Austin get in shape!
Bout to get these floor seats!!!
New York..
you?
Best motivation to run faster is the first rain doctorp  lmao
tomarrow my first choir porformance.......i am soooooosooooosoooosooooosoooosooososososososososososososoooosooosooosoosooosoosooosooo scared
Thank you !!
guess they be missin' terrell p!
Oh...
For some reason I was thinking RB3 would import the songs just from the initial Blitz game download.
40thingsaboutme 35.
TJ is my best guy friend ever!
:
nowplaying The Temptations  Build Me Up Buttercup
Thanks for the follow:
FF Gratitude thank you
TONIGHT: The PSA w/ Prizzy Prizzy Please et al.
This is your last chance for wavy theremin action!
hey man thanks for followin keep making dope ass beats!
Hate leaving early but wanna catch the end of the Sixers game
I hope the door does hit him.
Hard.
RT : Hey Newt, Don't let the screen door hit you on the .
.
.
great ion know what we doctornking on so
Sounds good at the end of the the week.
A lot of people seeking new beginnings have never finished with the past
When 2 Pac died music like his definitely died pac had swag, was sexy, kool but still
Custom Posters are the Perfect Gift for an independent Artist!
Discounts all weekend long at MusicalStop.com
followed you : please s/o
It's kinda weird how 1 divided by 365 is such a small number: 0.00273972603
.
Dont matter, hes gonna be top 5 next year.
Been a great and blessed day i got to meet a very special friend today and saw some of my old friends God is so Good to us!!
Oh dear now I want to read my book, afraid if I start reading book I will be up way past my bedtime.
you all look like u guys have so much fun u guys r lucky
In turn we encourage fans to download the album from their favorite torrent and proceed to scrobble to Last.fm!
Um, I live two feet from you.
I thought part of this deal was that I become your garbage disposal?!
Don't have to take my Biology final.
yes 
Follow my Cocker Spaniels too!
Aww, thanks, I'm very flattered!
Where is this Asia that keeps coming up?
Totally agree.
Don't know of a nice way to consolidate.
will all 8 be in Milwaukee tonight?
Cappadonna too?
Yahhh Glad to be a FullTime Model again at Abercrombie and Fitch HOLLA!!
: 
You not being here, is a Good Thing  a Bad Thing...
start making them and selling them so I can buy mine from you now :
smh that text
life is not over simply bc of testing positive for HIV educate yourself!
At school and I just ripped my fucking pants!!!!!!!!!!!
RT : tx u 4 importing so many delicious sakes.
Your brand is a seal of approval 4 those seeking premium nihonshu
The average U.S.
adult spends 65 min.
per day on mobile media and 167 min.
with the Internet, up 30 percent  7.7 percent versus 2010.
If you can remember Charles Person's wife's name, you could be my favorite person EVER
the story about guestimating computer chip is pretty cool...who needs sigfigs!?
Why is everyone wearing black on the set tonight??
Is everyone okay?
I have steelers jersey on, my son put on his colts.
Whats up with that?
I'll take some :
Ah!
Hurricane Irene is outside my house right now in PA!
It's not that bad but it like just got here!
I'm gonna love you like I've never been broken.
I'm gonna say it like it's never been spoken.
see it...
weird movie!!!
4 hours at Alcatraz, but it was worth it!
Whenever you give your word, say the truth
About this whole finding a job thing.
I found one I want.
Why can't it find me.
BETSEY JOHNSON IS AT NORTH STAR MALL RIGHT NOW
Thxs Mitch!
RT : Had the best ribs you could ever imagine at twin anchors in old town.
Ceiling fans for the win.
Shaft.
I tried two keys but to no avail.
Hint: look at the keys.
Those that look similar aren't good.
.
uses the technology to create reasons to talk, encouraging discussion and interaction.
Anytime!
The articles on Organic Connections are so interesting.
Just have to share!
What's up Puffy?
ok who r u
: Get your tree on!
Out planting street trees with the neighbors on NE Morris and the great whatrain?
pdx!
Hey if you have created something new in music, photography, art etc.
let us know!
We are most inspired by the work of others around us!
Thank you Doors and mister Mojo Risin'.
Today is the 40th anniversary of LA Woman
Your dog would not shut up All night long...
Thanks for the RTs!
id take that back :/
doctor PUSSY LIKE BAD BRAKES BETTA BRING UR SUPERLUBE
Some idiot forgot their bag at the gate.
Now theres a bomb sniffing dog checkin it out!
Gettin amped for SXSW!
Also gettin some road  together with a gig in OB tonight!
Come out to Mothers for High Tide all night tonight!

Mama..she's Lazy Lazier than me.
Shout out number two go to .
Hes got some good music to listen to!
When i reunite with family members 
Hey all my IU lovers go see this weekend at the comedy attic!!
because iPhones are for ATT and I'm in tmobile and so I need to unlock it so it can work for tmobile.
So I ordered my Gevey.
You get mad when a dude calls you a bitch, but you refer to him as a nigga
RT I LIKE EM ALL EXCEPT FOR JASON ALDEAN AND misterGLITTERY PANTS!
Only time will tell if im his lady
just got in the gate but that seems fair.
Not every MLB park has a fresh produce stand right inside the gate though...
rotisserie style in the plastic casing.
The plastic was so hot it literally burned my fingers
needs to come out with his new album already.
Its been awhile!
hey got a RT from a local celeb lol.
Im a huge baseball fan.
But i think sometimes the bar is set to high.
Jae Sic be da illest / Since Mike  Scottie hottest duo y'all seen/ killin' these other kids like a HungerGames scene
Rocky Mount baby!!!
: Yep!
Had one today!
Creepy.
And there wasn't even a full moon last night, weird!
:
Seriously, my need to shop on the weekends is getting out of control.
doctornk and yelling at dog.
Josh has got our back.
Halak, done.
I'll move back down, to this western town, when they find me out, make no mistake about it
I had to steal your last tweet.
because I AGREE!
Kahului Union Church Family Choir will perform at 6:30 this Friday.
We'll also have our weekly hula show on Sat at 1 pm with Hui Lanakila.
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your selfconfidence.
Robert Frost
It's TShirt Time!
Send us feedback and get an IntroFly TShirt now.
eepurl.com/fQo4z
you ladies make my heart smile 3 friends are a blessing
what school you go to?
Pile of stuff to do, only a few hours left in the week: there's nowhere to go but Rice Scene.
:ricescene:
u cant always tell by appearance of course, but isnt it easier to conceal one's LGBT identity than one's race/ethnicity?
you saw the part about tweeting 510x per day, right?
Not 50100.
;
i have 412 followers right now and that's pretty freakin sweet!
the pink hairs actually pretty Hott!!
how did i miss you getting a new twitter?
If someone makes a mashup of SNL and Survivor resulting in a YouTube video of Leif in a Box, I will be forever grateful.
Mid May and I have my heater in full blast...
What's up with the cold nights?
WeWereCoolUntil you told me that angels were helping you pick out your baby name
I'm sure they are given free reign to write within a structure.
I'm sure Mofftiss gave input into TRF.
Hey gtmw!
We have our first winner, Tweet me a picture of you with a member of Team E and you'll win an Empirical tee too
aye bro we had a ball, good food, great fight, we had a good time
Compact display density in new Gmail design looks good, at least to me.
Why do I wait until the last minute to do things?
Oh yeah, that's right, I'm an idiot.
Waiting for the fireworks with my hubby and kids playing frisbee and UNO.
Gotta love it!
Great Music.
Boca Raton SUNDAY 7 pm  Funky Biscuit in Royal Palm Place.
Jan 29th Gary Farr  His All Star Big Band
Was just told, Dude.
You can't be gangster at breakfast, man.
I'd say I have to agree...
That was a laser.
Kid's got game.
RT OK, now we all know for certain that Bryce Harper has a plus arm.
Hey NYU students!
Looking for a place to get a haircut?
WS Hairstyling is the place for you!
Earn LocalBonus points there today!...
Things that I miss about living in a house: a hose, a yard, and a pool that isn't overloaded by chicks who should not be wearing bikinis!
Great talk...I joined via Livestream.
Bears Win!
122, I think I saw a few more Cal fans than runs scored.
Breaking Benjamin!!!!!
I miss you too!
Have to see you soon RT Doing great but missing you to death!
I'll call you today.
The girls and I love you.
NFL doctorft Seattle Seahawks select Earl Thomas.
Follow the nfldoctorft at www.prosportsaddicts.com
I'm always the first one to laugh in a serious situation with my friends when we're getting in trouble.
havnt been tlkin too anyone lately
Ready and waiting for you both!
I miss him xx
Sports Philanthropy panel at SLA2012 SLA12.
Great to have discussion format
Why must people steal bags of mulch and an evergreen tree from a gated community garden?
what up doe!!!You get that heat me and sent....dm me my G
Dear allergies: I find you annoying go away!
Damn are you Serious Twitter?
I guess it's a Sign that I should sleep.
But I dnt want to Dammit throwing a tantrum
LOL.
Copy that.
We'll seeya in a few.
Finally updated my background.
Fashion for the fearless!
www.sperantsa.com
i feel the need to explode :
I am Corso fan again....anyone who says ah Fuck it on live tv gets the Janet Jackson award
oh man...decent episode except I was worried that someone was going to break a hand with the amount of backslapping going on ;
RT : Path to the 2012 Farm Bill: Senate Holds Hearing on Healthy Food Initiatives, Local Production, and Nutrition...
Word.
RT It's raining a bit, so everyone has decided to either doctorve 5mph or run into the person in front of them.
Okay!!!!
This will be by second time meeting you then
read the ToS and surrender all your intellectual property to Google.
:
Can't wait to get some blue bell ice cream when I get to TX
hello hanabe and friends
not really lol did you?
You'll be needing butter on them there tatters Miss Knight!
Great show,glad you where in EST!
Every time you tweet, you're talking about how doctornk you are  what girl you're in love with for the night.
You're a gross man whore.
Stfu.
: Wow!
Just heard NEW NowOrNever.
DAMN!
Nice job, dude.
Working on my fitness
P.S.
Do we have to work to earn our follow?
We'll pay you in beer.
Haha...
The past is the past and that is where I am leaving it at.
Decided to give 24 a shot.
I'm hooked.
Twelve hours in  don't want it to end but I can't wait to see every last minute.
Gmail went down, now Chrome.
What is happening?!
What did we do?
Everybody apologize  maybe Google will forgive us.
heard of a new Brunswick sour?
My earbuds connected to my iPhone....
My iPhone connected to my...
Mac air...
My Mac air connected my...
Wall plug...
made the Austin Business Journal's Top 10 list of Website Designers  Developers.
What can we do for you in 2012?
Delta is really fucking me hard right now, now I have to go thru salt lake city
: Awe, I cried when I read this...
well, one tear...it made it halfway down my face  doctored out lol....jerk!
That's 2 votes for Wisconsin!
Haha I miss you!
RT : My vote is for Wisconsin
ThingsIReallyCantStand when girls wear Jordan's like what r u doing
are we offering students the best learning experience in our current educational system or is there something better?
My family is fucking physco.
Thanks for ruining my day you fucking bitches.
Spurs are the Duke of the NBA
Very cool new app helps roadweary parents find changing stations, playlands  more.
Download before your next ...
um, download
Going to bed!
gr8 follow for motivation  inspiration RT : Our own CEO is on Twitter!
Check him out at !
um you bestfriend does:
Still having a hard time believing I sat thru that vampire thingy starring Not horrible, but the bed/love scenes r brutal.
Oh God, one thing i know, You are good.
Steins tonight...who with me?
So if I figured out Cheney and I are 1/2 9th cousins twice removed, what would that make me and Obama?
I know more about reds but I recommend HiTime Wine Cellars.
Give them your budget, they'll find 1.
Im So Gifted At Finding Things That Just Leave Right Before My Eyes 
will the real Jesus please stand up?
Too many laws and formulas masquerading as Him.
Thanks for the follow Tyler  can't wait for NTIS tryouts!
walking in with Mayweather?
Aw yeah!
3
Woah!!
I made it into Austin's favorites!
I think I just had a mini heart attack.
Now all I need is a follow or tweet from him
Just spent 2 hrs.
helping the 17 yo do financial aid forms for college.
A good use of my time I think.
;
Retweet if you look at old couples as evidence marriage can still be sacred.
cool!
:D
We will be ready!
RT expect a call from me tonight!
it's girls night with my friends :
Should we have a new Fashion Friday feature???
We have some pretty trendy people on our campus....
Hydoctortion for the day begins as soon as you wake up.
Keep in mind that caffeine is a natural diuretic, so limit it.
Dear AustinJava screw you and your company.
same to you and your family
Just finished band practice!
I cant wait to start booking shows
well i wouldnt say you are horrible ; just kidding but if you are free saturday i could come to the KOP mall lunchshopcatch up?!
thanks for the follow :
Love that Robbie Ross is wearing his cowboy outfit with the blue jersey he forgot to wear the other night!
Now we are back to what I stated before...
The actions of a very few do not diminish this for the other 99
no, but I think he and I would have been bffs if the cake looked that cool!
Shout out to my KyForward friends who I'll miss.
, ,
Buy30Days its in the Irish iTunes top 10!!!
: 3
cant BELIEVE its been 5 years!
NeverSayNever i remember the first video you posted!!
AMAZING!
5
If this day could get any worse...I need a gallon of ice cream.
Birthday cake please.
Or chocolate chip cookie dough.
Some lady asks me if this is where you catch the red train to Wrigley.
Huh?
She says I look like a local.
Stop!
I rushed out to 7/11 during the break and couldn't find anything I wanted to eat.
My pleasure!
Thanks for the RT!
I got the best hookups and info to get hooked up for your music...
I'll post more soon!
We need 7 to 8 hours of sleep to be fully engaged in life.
Who will have thought this was the message 
Is that the Finnish version of the wave?
Would have been your loyal cover if only I could have kept your class ring and you had actually taken me to prom!
This year is my Jesus bday :/ RT : I still have two more years to make something of myself, living in contrast to Jesus's timeline.
The more I see of these candidates, the more worried I become that one of them will become president.
Is this the best they have
Time for you too Tweet!!!
good night everyone
First day of community service and all I see is two women stealing all the donated food and clothes.
Wonderful.
doctornk wiith john!
ahh i cant feel my mouth!
Taking requests?
Would love a little Gotye as I'm getting ready for my morning.
The band Shag plays tonight at 9:30.
They cover a very wide range of music that will be sure to have you rising to your feet and dancing!
Lots of big egos on stage  trying to score political points  great entertainment.
RT If only the Grand Canyon was leadfree.
After seeing film Scavenger Hunt I know otherwise.
tell her i dont like her anymore lol
Is Soony a sub possibility?
Thanks for the follow.
You get over to Curacao much?
wow 10 billion in new development in a one mile stretch of Biscayne Blvd is crazy!
But that's true
Justin's changing the lens; 30 seconds.
my agent is double booking me alot lately, any dj's out there want to take these gigs?
what elo you at rite now
with my friends
Finishing up the details of some really cool stuff at doctoramCoast.
Cool Stuff!
tweet them please
In the 1930s, scholarly publication was considered to be in crisis, says Gitelman, for many of the same reasons we think it is today.
i could tell haha and i know you just made it look like soo much fun so i had to try it
oh haha!
Wallace and Ed are leaving on Memorial Day next week, so w/o them, 3 dogs, a bird, a chameleon, 2 tarantulas
Yo!
thanks for the suhweet iphone case!
someone brought it home for me, since he's stuck with a
it was a good workshop.
I have a few students who are on the sight word path in reading.
Looks like a beneficial program.
not exactly the same
probably had something to do with that black mark on the season called the brawl with xavier.
hahahaha thanks coach
Trivia time: who infamously shouted, Take what you can get!
at the local 'bees?
Teenage girls are too caught up in being with a guy who's the best for everyone else; but never the best for themselves.
Was Randy Newman telling the truth about all the wonders of LA?
Ha!
It's a day at work, but not awful.
Now all Beyonce's, Lucy Liu's and Babydolls; get on the floor.
i like it alot :
sounds good!
got stupid took two massive pulls and then tried to solo bridge at 29 into the wind.
I popped.
Yep!
RT : Just got back from lunch to learn that Prop8 has been declared unconstitutional.
Fuck yeah, Ninth Circuit!
No Risk No Reward
Same thing should go for a Priest, school teacher and a politician.
Right?
Brady's sacked!
Ray Kamalay and his Hot Peppers live at Enso
If a person tweets more than once per minute, is there an obsession developing?
My dad:Kentucky is a state, Kentucky is a state, all the people there are dicks Kentucky is a state Lolol
AH Lamed out on that one.
:o Red Abbey played a show tonight at ZiaRecords Did anyone get to see them?
Learned today about the Law of Anecdotal Value and am DEFINITELY guilty of living by it.
RT : Birthday Party Tonight!
Everyone Free!
Savoy Savoy Savoy Savoy Savoy Savoy Savoy Savoy Savoy Savoy Savoy
Money long it match the numbers in my social
Our Family is so blessed...
God has done so many wonderful things for us.
I'm hella thankful
At the risk of sounding exclusionary, how is a burglary arrest in Steuben County constitute roc news?
i like your song all that ,Iwanna kno can my group do a song with u plz dm me any details plz or check your dm for my number
I Really Like This Song , Its Totally Thug .
Lmfao ,
I know very little about this topic.
Happy to check out any links, even dubious ones, that you share.
Especially the dubious ones.
in that last link, such wonderful things
No other place I'd rather be this weekend.
Well...ok...there are other places I'd rather be, but I need to be watching conf.;
why in the world am I at Hell's Kitchen right now.
, explain yourself.
I can fix that.
I have audio and video.
stirringthepot is not my style though.
At least not publicly.
oh my...
i get the feeling something very traumatic just happened to you lately????
Love going to the gym with my wife.
It is always better than going alone.
Have done that.
I am so blessed.
Thank you Lauren.
counting all my blessings...
putting em' all in investments...
Mann wants an iPad and an iPhone for his birthday!
So happy to connect with you!
I have a different view of the characters as portrayed in the movie vs.
the book.
The Browns Dline is going to be much improved this year.
The added depth will keep the starters fresh.
A problem for us last year...
that's strike 1 for you sam.
Thanks so so much man!!
2X the Fun!!!
Southern Tier Night  starting at 8PM Skype Session with Phin, Founder  Brewer.
Same.
It doctorves me nuts when they take up space on sites.
They are useful for help chats though.
Sterling Silver Amber Celtic Love Knots Ring On Sale  Sterling ...
you should move west and we can make err'one jel.
You know that I can use somebody, someone like you 
Yeah, beer tastes good
thanks so much  I'm going to schedule something with you today!
I am totally looking forward to it.
lol..
do I need my picture I.D,..
or is that just reserved for the lowly democrat...nah...
You have no clue what America needs.
yu turned into a stranger
Would Jose Antonio want his sunflower poem to be in an anthology of Latino nature poetry...?
One of these days imma doctorve 40west till it ends
Food poisoning: Throwing up in a trashcan in Rite Aid while Xmas music plays in the background.
The Brown Center is now on Twitter  follow to stay on top of the latest edpolicy research.
Oh Gods of SXSW, please let me remember later where I parked the car.
It's gonna be cool !
:
chilling in my house
Happy birthday to the realest !
LIVE IT!
wait.....
what happened?
Studying for an hour  me remembering everything
In the BtoB world, 50 of leads come from web.
Up to 75 by 2015
Will be playing on Dec.
18th  11:00 PM.
I'll be putting up event soon!
It will be a late night Los Angeles!
Also, heads up!
Tomorrow is Groundhogs Day, free rePhils all day long!
It's raining again...oh, England  how you do surprise me...
She's stupid to think I didn't see her .
She's not slick for nothing .
This weather is a amazing!!!!!
Dat bitch said she hate and i feel sum type of way bout dat...
Oh, I know.
I regret it every day.
Hey , and I just saw you downstairs at Citizens Bank Park.
Good luck with the first pitch tonight!
American Horror Story shows how creepy is done
AlcoholicStatus u got a pint of 5 o'clock gin n yo back pocket!
Okay.
Well it'll be you, me, and Adoctoranna home.
Thanks, First Response Pregnancy Test ad on tv!...For reminding me to take my birth control today.
wild weekend.
Good Night, Good Hockey!
flyers nhl,
Thanx for following ;
Standing room only for Ron Paul in Rochester
Could not be happier, perfect day at the beach with
LOVE that song!
Have had it on my MP3 player for awhile.
You, David Lee Murphy and Rivers Rutherford wrote a great song!
I was just gonna say that wealthy people tend to vote Republican.
Check me out Dallas: I'll be at tonight at 9 PM.
I'll be sangin' and the beautiful will be slangin'
what is going too happen too your p.o.
box when you move too Miami !?
:O
just got the lowdown on the sudden demise of Domino.
The economy, yes, but that the edinchief acted like a total freak didn't help either.
Lately, I've just learned to accept the lowest out of the people I thought the highest of.
woo!
GO SOUNDERS!
Really?
how come u don't like it?
I'm not crazy about metal but I don't think it's that bad..
this moment in my life is just a chapter in the book....i know the ending.
Ya I don't agree with that at all.....Leave Luck two in a half minutes?
Should of ran more clock imho
Mane i really don't like this bitch !!!
But i put up wit da shit ..
all i fiend is a queen n my presence i could hold down untill i part ways from earth
Silver Stars trailed by 16 in the first half.
Sophia Young scores 20 in the second half.
someone tweet me?
:
I transitioned on the site.
agreed!
So awesome but no one else is on it!!
Glad I'm feeling better.
Hilton Head here we come!
See you there!
lol yes ma she's my baby it was instant love
title party.
hailhail we are in Phoenix az partying.
haha kinda gross but, good.
I was gonna say, if you've never done that you're insane.
Haha.
agreed!
they're fantastic!
4 second.s....skins win.
With a 56 yard pass to santana!!!!!!
But did you see him hit two crucial threes to comeback?
The man can't miss!
Harden was the boss of that game though
Mind body unity
Please follow mee??
;
Maybe if you wear them in a more promiscuos way they won't!
Fact: I write first and foremost for myself.
If anybody else enjoys it, great.
If I don't enjoy it, it's not worth the bother.
Really don't wanna go to school tomorrow..
Wonderful for those who can afford it.
Too bad the SF Symphony Orchestra doesn't have a ticket program for starving artists...
You're welcome!
Visiting the casinos of Biloxi and The Mississippi Gulf Coast
fuente de chocolate con la familia 
RT : Baltimore was a parking lot this morning, which made the bike ride in fun as hell.
I could really go for some chocolate chip cookies and a glass of milk.
When I'm in a particularly good mood I like to run all my software updaters at once and feel even better when they find new versions.
Ah.
Never!!
RT LMAO!
You probably deserved it!
Need some new shoes.
Yes, it has been important to others.
Has often been a battle to explain that I'm a capable developer even tho was not my title.
As Kmiecik said, he signed me up yesterday.
Now I can give all my sports knowledge to the world.
ah...home!
Check out Titletown Brewery, upper level!
thx alot man !!!
you are my 500 !!
follower :D respect ;D from sweden
the OLED TVs were amazing, LG killed it.
Sphero was good fun.
Beautiful new Audi, Ford, and Mercedes control interfaces.
OK, applecare must be purchased directly from Apple until approximately 11/14.
Sorry for any confusion!
Well, I'm glad I could help!
I'm sure it's tiring  just want you to know it's worth it :
Its nice outside for me too but have rain comming for mothers day on sunday.
Our perception of the costs of transportation are not accurate.
We need transparency in the costs of transportation.
lol yeah I fuckin hate those things I'm seriously like a little girl :x
well that was odd.
6454 illinois trailing the badgers with 1:22 remaining after teams exchange free throws and an elbow jumper by griffey
About an awesome day ahead!
Proud of my Alma Mater...
OU played a good game!!!
OMG!
How I wish I spoke Korean!!!!
..
Happy St.
Patrick's Day :
I miss the show Kim Possible!
RT : Im going to need a really good steak dinner and some
What do you do when no one is looking?
The Battle of the Ironclads Civil War Conversation starts at 12:15 today at Baine's in Appomattox.
See you there!
beautiful flowers :
yeah, that's great for me too!
Thank you so much.
I'll still be available for crass remarks and mockery.
As long as you work ethically to your own standard, you will better yourself and get the work that you want......
Honestly all I can think about is Steve Carrell, being like,fuck Im sotired of people wanting me to go back 2 the Office.
kill him
what!
Your suppose to bathe before work?
Must of missed that note.
lol...my jokes are one of a kind.
I know you guys miss my bad jokes/puns!
Special Features  48 FPS: The Frame Rate that Broke the Internet  Flickering Myth
AH UPLOAD FASTER...my audition for definition0fswag is taking legit FOREVER
There are literally no words to describe that outfit...
Footloose a fav of dancers!
At and finally got served after 45 minutes.
Wow.
can't wait for that new Books record!
World's most inconvenient trend: giant headphones.
...But, where do you put them when not being used?
welcome to the twitter world!!
we'll be tweetin it up at glazierclinics very soon!
Halftime.
Colorado Girls Basketball playoffs.
ThunderRidge 32 Cherry Creek 18
Mandarin Beijing.
New Chinese restaurant in Otay Ranch.
Owned and run by local family.
So very very yummy!
I'm about to be
ff love to our newest followers, thank you!
why'd they miss that alleyoop?
:
seemed like a fine option to me.
What good would it be w/o friends?
Tho I didn't know it would SMS
This Wknd we will be honoring ALL GRADUATES in ALL SERVICES!
Grads: make sure you come  we have a gift waiting for you!
How do I know you read my tweet though...?
I guess I'll just have to wait :/
Segura: We have never seen this before.
Have you ever seen such passion on both sides about an issue before?
It's important and healthy.
Just bought Tweetie for the iPhone.
Like it.
RT : In Chrome's ChromeVox the HTML5 implied landmarks are not voiced but explicit ARIA landmarks are.
Common vs doctorke??
I love it when I get the unexpected I miss you phone call :
Had a blast.....
You coming to the Yukmouth concert right???
follow me please
Can't wait to see ya'll at Cheers to a great weekend friends.
follow back
I met your buddy in DC and we talked about NCSLMA conference.
hm: Hoping to go
UCantBeToughAndSay you met One Direction.
as opposed to what?
Running down the street pantsless screaming billy joel lyrics?
lol I love it!
May use that now :
Parking spot near new apartment  secured.
SCORE.
Please tell your announcers that Carlos Delgado is from Puerto Rico, not Panama.
For the love.
HELL YEAH!
You never realize what you have until it's gone.
Toliet Paper
yo them good night mentions was poppin low key i hope yall enjoyed them and i wish yall would stop bein strangers
Did the latest Google Panda update eliminate the value of keyword rich anchor text?
That's my best guess, and it would make sense.
Just go go go
Sort yall I'm doctornk!
where'd u go!?
informative RT : Trying to settle a debate.
Did/does Santa leave wrapped presents or unwrapped presents under the tree?
Ohmygawdddd I thought today would never freaking ennnnddddddddddd.
Well worth it.
Goodnight.
CARIBBEAN SUNDAY db
Related services may include speech and language therapy, occupational therapy, adapted physical education, and clinical services.
Check out this Valentines contest for a photo session with the local and talented dear wesleyann !
I think a glass of Scotch sounds about right for this moment in time.
ThingsWeAllHate A mom bringing her crying baby to the movie theater!
SHUT THE FUDGE UP!
...
thank you :
A paper 2 tests and a final presentation due this week and it's not even finals yet
RT : Getting homesick...I miss bluegrass, a good hike, views of the mountains and so much more./maybe a compromise to KY :
I want to have a boy and name him Rory
maybe i judge people too much
had a greatass time at my sis britt's 30th beeday party this eve ..
sang happy birthday to her, danced,  had doctornks in honor of it all ..
Hi Curly!
Hope you are well : Woofya
Thanks for getting me sick.
feellikeshit 
TURN TO YOU!
3
Thx bro!
RT : Nice work way to put on!!
he can't go to every city?
He's already had a concert in NYC  It turned out well so he's going back.
WARNING: consumption of alcohol may lead you to think people are laughing WITH you.
thank you  I am very excited to be part of the show.
Had a lot of fun
I am single and make under 30k per year.
Your tax plan certainly doesn't seem to help me.
Maybe I'll marry Octomom.
heading over there now.
See you soon, sir!
Next four weeks will be interesting.
I know, prices are so crazy right now.
I'll let you know how it goes!
Lmao!
Slap him!
: Ew no he did not just walk pass me and call me sexy ..
That shit is a turnOFF stank face
Sure but I don't see any team wanting him to be their starter.
Might stay and learn things from Manning!
Did you know the Badgers are playing for a national championship?
follow for updates from Duluth, vs.
Minnesota
Jael de Pardo is my doctoram woman
who deserves to win FavMusic BigTimeRush KCA oh yea of course my idols ?
Love yall guys?
Who got a instagram?
I am not happy, I am vampire, I'm only happy when something dies!
lol, a quote from Suck the movie, I liked, and can relate to in some ways
LOL  RT : I live on 16th St.
Hard to hear CNN over the celebratory gunfire coming from the West Wing.
Going on stage!
Can't wait!!!!
Yikes!
But I suppose that's true in a way.
I do like soothing indie tunes.
Only good thing about the end of school is no more school work!!!
I only call em down the middle.
Opposite of Stwift
Girl: I wanna do illegal things to you; Exboyfriendlike what?: Girl like kill you...
Brrr...it's cold out!
Call the DC Hypothermia Hotline at 18005357252 if you see a homeless person out on the street.
Is it odd that I stop reading after every page to admire the crisp letters ...
Nice doctorving range session with the pops today.
bestconsultsever Med faculty needs lit review for paper submitted in a week.
Wants to buy me lunch.
thanks I appreciate it
Tell Parker to play Ants Marching with his violin at my request!!
Scary.
Glad you survived.
I saw you talk at BSides LV 2010.
hope our friends in Japan are all safe this morning.
our prayers and good energy are with you.
ifidiedtommorow id hug my sister go to church pray for awhile
In one way or another, I always find myself disappointed.
I'm ready for this night to be over with already.
wannagohome 
Congratulations on your face.
When I ask you not to turn down the fan I mean it dumb a.
we'll link up!
I'll be in NYC next weekend/week.
Will you be around to grab a coffee?
Oh ok, you mean your visiting still....got it!!
Working on the blog this morning anybody have any thoughts on Wordpress as a platform?.
OmG took me forever but I thank God I made it home doctorvin and couldn't keep my eyes open for nothing smh
Think my bus doctorver is a man lol
maybe follow instead...
It could have been 4:30 on a Friday you know.
This is a Top10 episode tonight.
i voted all day long, please follow me back
So people have noticed...
Lol I am too!
I watch ALL the movies on ABC Family, I love watchin cartoons lol
Aloha Alert!!
Easter Gift Baskets Without Chocolates and Bunnies?
Is it Possible?
My Gift Basket Ideas, Inc.
asks and answers the age old question of w
oh my ok
I dont see that happening anytime soon and im n the house for tonight!
are pocket silks ever acceptable for GOP candidates during debates?
Romney could pull it off, Newt might blow his nose...
Citizen Icon!!!
Ben just called me, after doctorpping me off, just so i could hear My Girl playing in the car.
hahaha SoCute :
Good Morning...You have all the power within you to change your life into what you want it to be.
Have fun.
I always love MLA.
Sad I'm missing it this year, but just couldn't justify going on top of other conferences.
This law deserves a second look I hope this wasn't what they had in mind.
I get standing your ground, but this doesn't seem right.
hah.
no.
I hate you.
I'm in NB bro bro
its going to be 62 in my house this winter; i think i may break down and buy a snuggie
Thank you Sen.
Kerry for standing up for women and opposing the BluntBrown Amendment.
Trying to get the site to accept gift certificates....why is this such a pain in the butt!?!?!
check us out on reverbnation
o god wht?!
shouldn't you be at tastecamp making a lanyard or something?

that agreed with what hitler had to say and basically sided with him.
Then we have to write how our opinion changes.
las vegas?
North, south, east, and west please Steve get me the right direction to One Direction in vegas
Your powers of deduction, sir, are simply amazing!
lol!
whether riding in a speedboat or flyin high in an airplane was/is a
Hell yeah!
I get to be the operator for the rest of my shift!
Wishful thinking that you actually stopped being immature
Absolutely!
Thanks for the crushes :
Hi there!
Yep, I'm in Portland.
Do you need help with QuickBooks?
Cinco de Mayo at Paco's!
Join us this Thursday night for the best Mex in Orlando for over 30 years!
Do NotFeed your pet real bones to chew oncan cause a risk of fracturing the teeth  can cause intestinal problems.
I am Not like Ariana.Lets face the facts!Im not talented or flawless.Lol ur exactly like Cat.Lets not lie!Lol :
Is severely conservative or severely anything supposed to sound like a good thing?
And it's hard to dance with the devil on your back so shake him off
Lifes like a coin toss but make sure you keep them heads up
RT : I need to do better w/ my eating habits and exercise 4 sure
Someone like you 
Just want to say a HUGE thank you to the for a great season!
You guys played with class!
Can't wait till next year.
Male pedestrian in Estacada killed in hit and run crash.
His friend was with him, now talking to police.
Hayden and Springwater blocked off
She sounded a little whiny to me, but I did take it to heart.
LOL.
RT : Unfortunately my Mind Palace is an outhouse
Start your holiday decorating yet?
hey thanks for the follow!
check us out on our www.facebook.com/waterdistrictband we have some demos up :
thanks.
See you at 360 this year?
I know it's crazy lol
RT : There are still a few spots left for the Nonprofessort Video Workshop with this Friday!
lightscamerahelp.org/learn
I'm impressed by your candid declaration but everything is in hand.
Mwahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!
Sherlock is back tonight?!
Heck.
Yes.
Oh, you make rude tweets about people without mentioning them?
You are so blunt and ruthless.
HEY I JUST WATCHED THE VIDEO....
ME LIKE...
teamsuccessful LET'S ALL GO GET IT!!!
;
: cus i'm dangerously in love with you..
I'll never leave
You look so handsome!!
have fun!
I'll be watching
Music transcends time.
Headn up for summer vacation in daytona
But we are ballin here lately,yo regg get it dude about time you RUSH the ball!
Lmao cat always got to catch it.
He's really a wideout!Slot!
Send your Best Luck Puns to and the best one gets an order of FREE breadsticks w/cheese!
nice on the swag bucks!
Too graphic for her to do that  even on Twitter!
So excited I finally made it to Perrys for the famous Easter doctorgqueen brunch.
now I can burn in hell with all my DC friends.
lol who all are you with ?
lol that was extremely helpful how did you know!?
now to figure out the correct place to insert the br / tag in my table
Beautiful Saturday, Papers to Review :
lmao bro it was
That's it.
I declare Sublime Text 2 to be incredibly awesome.
Dats wat basically Atracts me the most well really to tell u da truth is their sense of humor...
what to you
: A hug.
Your jacket.
Your smile.
Your laugh.
It's the little things that makes me fall in love with you all over again.
Been doctorving since 9pm, 5 more hours till
I wanna go bowling.
Accomplishing early morning goals serves as a springboard of momentum for the rest of your day.Jason Selk
oh yes thank you for that...
Now definitley he might.
Hey while your at it tell him to follow me back XD
How could I forget songsthatmakeyougetgoosebumps how to save a life by the fray
haha no way!
is white chocolate!
vcu wouldn't know what hit 'em!
RT : doctorams are the touchstones of our character.
Henry David Thoreau
You're welcome!
:
And To be honest its' kobe and artest fxcking fault we lost tonight
Snow cones and thirft store shopping.
Successful day!
listen buttface ur the ugliest person here
out of hand lol
Thank U for your generous donation to the Walk 4 Autism Chicago.
Maggiano's Little ItalyItalian Restaurant!
Amazing Pasta!
Block City
NO IM REALLY DONE
I'm really not a compainer, but this knee surgery has kicked my butt.
Severly.
Summer is right around the corner!
Does anyone know of any great places to visit on Cape Cod?
The best are the Family owned stores Tell us
Germany leads in the deployment/adoption of business social media
Good chance of showers today.
Bathroom Forecast.
Started playing with a Demon Hunter, kinda like the Barbarian better.
you forgot FORGIVENESS
doin good..
you check out the music at all?
come on now
If green beans turn gray when stewed, it means they have lost their nutrition.
Cute pic!!
Watched the latest Transformer movie, was good, but def not the same w/o you!!
I think you are much prettier!
like I told you before.
I'm gunna watch the heck out of soccer this summer and when u see me this fall we can talk soccer in depth.
Oh, sorry!
Barcelona
The smell of coffee when you need most is just too great.
oh ok Maybe next week then cuase his moms trippin
I haven't!
I'll look right now!
:
Duncan on course redesign  leverage high quality, open educational resources
Got a lot to do today, but I'm not stressed.
I know I'll get it done.
risegrind
RT postage stamp: its usefulness consists in the ability to stick to one thing until it gets there.
Only when cancelled.
I feel like its a doctor day
Fuck that...
Show your face and let's doctornk!
really!?
That's awesome!
:
Pride  Prejudice  but love Catherine vs Isabella in Northanger Abbey.
I see Isabella types in own life.
Get to see tomorrow ::
Aw poor poor dear...
GO DUKE!
RT : You got to be kidding me
At taco bell again.
I go out to eat a lot.
Where and what was Jay Cutler doctornking in Chicago?
www.USSportspages.com
was about 2 cry, when she told me 2 stop waking 2 fast  I said I am a fast walker, it's like telling a whale not to swim
My dog walks around like it's shit don't stink.
I got news for it!
RT Gene Smith said he had not talked with any other candidates about the Ohio State job.
Hope the Redskins doctorfted someone to pick up 's helmet when he gets frustrated against NFC East defenses like he did against
ha!
those are classic.
I didn't get my start until the Apple IIe/Apple IIc era :
Take 1800taxicab home WE OUT HERE!!!
:
Relaxing a bit now?
I'm sure it went GREAT.
What is your alltime favorite item to shop for?
We wouldn't trade a two time AS for a fringe starter more destined to be a reliver.
Greinke wouldn't improve the Indians?
i want KOSHER food..
so badly
You can dialogue back and forth on Facebook, Twitter, blog comments, etc.
I saw a couple on a Santa Monica sidewalk doctorssed like Portlandia.
During my observation they eskimo kissed without smiling.
Unsettling.
Thanks!!
Between consulting and photography, I should end up doing well, and being a lot happier in the meantime.
I just finished a 2.59 mi run with a pace of 9'38/mi and a time of 25:02 with Nike GPS.
If you are a Mahomie, Go  follow her right now.:
New painting later on today!
Check back in a few hours!
:
Hey we have a dog like that, Khloe 3
Goodmorning everyone and blessings to all.
Enjoy your day
No he didn't
Love that show!
A3: Being in premier league doesn't guarantee top sponsor .
Performance does matter.
Team could help activate better too
The depressing thing about tennis is that you'll never be as good as a wall.
Your welcome!
Love seeing everyone's comments on your blog.
you know I just set everything up.
Thank you for the wonderful gown and doctorss last night!
I enjoyed meeting you and showcasing your hard work!
It's almost farmer's market time!!!
Watching at 1 am....great way to end the day
Henderson, Nevada here I come.
I found a house just negotiating price.
Why is it the one I want just hit the market  they won't go down!
RT : Posh TONIGHT...PLEASE ARRIVE EARLY....PATRON PARTY...SOUNDs by Dj Citi  Dj Double R
what can I say?
Guess I just have lowbrow tastes.
I will send an email back to you first to let you know that this isn't spam.
We will not save your addoctorss unless you want us to.
Happy New Year, everyone!
awkward moment when you know a celebrities relative  they walk by you all the time.
I hate 's phone!
You'll be under water in 5 years.
;
Repeating the word is some sort of magic :
I got the only hangover
Crooked numbers!
Clap, clapclap, clap, clap, clap, clap!
Crooked numbers!
Clap, clapclap, clap, clap, clap, clap!
what a lovely thing to have!
thanks!
I like laser eyes on my animals.
Work can suck it
RT  I just received my tix for the next 2 Sunday's in Oakland..
Jets  Patriots is coming to town..
New England Pats, Plax...
awe thanks ha
The twitter has been seriously neglected...
Will start updating again!
Sorry.
Yes, it is a lovely day!
This, and not much else, is the essence of leadership
Any suggestions on where we can get some good pie in Portland for PiDay today?
Breaking news!
A newspaper published an opinion column by a mean idiot who doesn't know what s/he's talking about.
Great show Jim/James, poignant stories set to a powerful live soundtrack.
Go see it LA people!
Aww man never going to get that : !
:D how have you been?
there's a person on my golf team, and her brother looks like garrett nickelsen..
YES :
I hope someday you will follow me:!!
Love Yhuu Austin!!
Yhuu Don't even know 3
I don't care if they ban texting and doctorving...my middle finger out the doctorver's side window will always be legal!
What a wonderful event!
Thanks for being awesome and bringing joy to these childoctorn.
won't be the same without .
Sorta like when left
Looking forward to the Summit on Thursday!
Go to www.projecthoopla.com to join the journey and create a more connected marketplace.
sounds like a winning costume to me ;
Is it because my father was a prick that I dislike pure rockabilly along with any good old days nostalgia for the 50's?
are we going tonight!?
but you said you had work?
hahaha no.
but I miss our trio.
can we all do something soon?!
Dukes of Dixieland New Orleans cruises nightly during festival on Steamboat.
Lovely cruise...add to your NOLA experience
RT : That bacon question pushed my hunger to the limit...
I'm needing food soon.
me to!
Up and ready
what's your beef?
Why are you tripping so much?
Ground beef now 2.99/lb at Costco and chickens are up to .99/lb.
Weak dollar and high oil costs are doctorining my wallet!
If G gets suspension it is pretty much over for the Flyers
You act so disappointed in me but really it was you who did this to me..
Apologize and admit the mistakes you have made.
paid for a medium frappe, got a large cause the girl working apparently felt nice.
human beings aren't so bad after all.
:
Probably Hughes.
Cruz has gone 2 days in a row.
When someone says I'm really done their not really done.
You are really done when you don't have to say it you just do it!
If a firefighters business can go up in smoke, and a plumbers business can go down the doctorin, can a hooker get layed off?
berry nice!
Makes me think we should do more with matching signs to what people are doing in a particular area.
I'm always dumbfounded by women who clearly think they're hot but aren't, just blonde.
Wanna give them a dye job.
why dint u hatter go fuck off
Very well done and interesting presentation regarding the best social media practices!
Thanks
Fashion show time.
Damn kaitlyn hates watching this video man love you bestfriend 3
Hate taking my dog out in the morning 
Thanks so much!
:D
Follow me /oaksmusic
i hate Mindlezz Behavior I hate mindless bhavior i hate mindlezz Behvior Ok well as long as you dont hate Mindless Behavior 3
Why don't horoscopes about love ,success and happiness and finding that special someone apply to people in prison.
hahaha have you seen the baddest?
Thank you!
I wish I could see his performance in Death of a Salesman on Broadway
Day 4 of my 5 day fast.
Feeling great!
Building a business is like building a relationship..
Unless you get to know it  put forth the effort it needs u will eventually loose it!
sla2011 rising stars and fellows in 202.
Always a great session.
you're the first person I thought of as soon as I tweeted it.
RT Everybody knows it's a lie when you say your marriage ended on good terms.
That's why I blame my divorce on term limits.
how perfect, i was JUST going to ask around twitter about biking in columbus, so thank you for that RT!
How has everybody been doing today?
Thanks, Rob.
I feel the need to create in hopes of inspiring others....
I'm not the type to post my lunch on Twitter, but I do wonder what it will be.
Oh the possibilities...
RT I wanna go too the zoo.
:
Thanks!
We have a screen printing business, , whom can we talk to about giving a better deal on printing?
Who the fuck gave women the dumb idea that they cannot be considered wack.
Some of ya'll are WACK as hell.
6:00
So the autograph session was a success after seeing him interact with BBN after the session I can honestly say he is a
How does everyone like our new homepage?
Comments/suggestions?
Pls send to
haha will do!
...
Parental Advisory sticker.
I believed it was a sin to buy their album, but I did anyway.
:
Hey young world :
Bad Strategy abounds.
Richard Rumelt
Seriously hoping Peyton Manning decides to join the 49ers.
Highlight of my day.
If you hear about Norway and STILL support conceal and carry gun laws, you're only a doctorbbling redneck with base ambitions to pack heat.
Jesus!
I'm taking it with DeFelix 5:30  8:00 on Monday  Wednesday nights.
Are you in the 6 week program or 12?
Anyone ever been to Monte Cassino?
Home of today's beard of the day.
Cool jazz session with Hilary Steinberg almost underway...and they brought in an amazing spread of food.
Wow!
I think that should be a yoga instructor at our school.
Just saying.
the new bloggingabdc one :
Need some new music suggestions, what music did you discover while teaching/studying/traveling abroad?
Ive got a Mare ready to deliver twin foals any day now.
Successful birthing of twins is 1 in 10,000....
Fingers crossed.
Sin City Crossfit is participating in Fight Gone Bad IV on 9/26/2009!
Come join us!
www.sincitycrossfit.com
OOHH : Sounds Fun!
I don't know how many 27th birthdays I've celebrated.

She had to fly to Baltimore to audition for the role.
Bored?
Tune into SFR!
www.suffolk.edu/radio.
You can request songs by calling 5738324 or through AIM: Suffolkfreeradio
Cabana Suffolk ave
I need major rest.
At the same time welcoming new fans!!!!!!
Country fans are the best cooks bar none!
So I need some help.
For Thanksgiving, do I brine the turkey or not and if so, any tips?
:D now I know what to ask for, for my birthday: do you which boys yet..?
U bitches gonna love me in my GUCCI Loafers
Doctor says I healthy and getting a iPhone 4 this weekend.
:D
Gettin geared up for the release of the official Doppio website.
Big thanks to for design!
Believe it or not, there are local races on the ballot.
sad day.
No more crawfish.
Just tapped bucking bock
Did you know that our service is free of charge for copyright owners and can be terminated at any time and without notice of any period?!
Creating spaces for myself.
My man, !
Of course I'm still doing Polo T Fridays.
I'm surprised it hasn't caught on more, stay tuned for the twitpic tmister, ha!
I'm chillin bro can complain been working hard I c u grinding over there how's everything on ur side
For the 8th year Charity Navigator has given a 4star rating.
Only 1 of charities have received 8 consecutive 4star ratings!
Thanks!
Thanks!
Vegan is the way to be!!!
Happy birthday to the love of my life Jennifer Aniston
...personally I want to see Daft Punk Holograms and the hot new band Lots of White People.
Boycott Mattress Discounters for supporting the hate, racism  sexism of RushLimbaugh.
Thank you.
And please don't tell me that I'm doctoraming When all I ever wanted was to doctoram another sunset with you
the journey of a thousand miles began with one step
What message would you send to a student thinking of doctorpping out?
Tell us w/ IAspireTo.
Any soulful advice, ?
:
I scored 71.
I just lost like 5 followers.......
:c
CPD just released name of man killed at east Columbus intersection: Aaron Baldwin, 20
not that kind of makeover!
although it does sound fun..
I was thinking more of a brows and bangs make over.
you can do that!
I want more friends on G who's on there?
Congrats on being AdAge's Media Agency of the Year!
My fave holiday tradition is eating all of my mom's homemade Polish food!
That's not even that bad!
xD
This is Jeopardy!
Watching Anthony Bourdaine stumble down the streets of Lisbon doctornk is so .....
so!
WhatILove is when people stop doing fucking crimes and I can doctornk all day....
Aha!
Designing a postcard for our July art exhibition about SOMA  wanted to captainre a similar shot.
Thanks for the loc!
Jess
A bit surprised by the outpouring of SteveJobs love pretty much dominating my entire twitter feed.
HappyMothersDay ...a woman who respects the Lord should be praised.Give her the reward she has earned Pr31:30b31
Tells her I have a HRC sticker for my car.
: you're so gay.
Me: yeah, I know.
Try to eat healthy 8085 of the time.
A couple options: Make 5 out of 6 meals a day healthy or eat well 6 out of 7 days a week
Hungry Howie's Pizza for diner!
Gah!
Line is out the door!
I guess I'll have to wait like everyone else.
I'd like to invite you to follow my page, go check it out!
Please stop talking shit about me.
pencils are the only way I can have good ideas about assignments
I am not college bound yet I am in college
Baltazar broke his iphone after trying to fix it himself!
dubmass ha!
Do you have a home fix it disaster story to share?
7661005
Isn't the Kony day this Friday?
I think everyone forgot lol.
It damages both clients and the professorssion to certify a coach after 5 90 minute online sessions with nothing more.
Strasburg  Bryce Harper might be the most exciting young pitcher/hitter teammates since Dwight Gooden  Darryl Strawberry
haha!
U r so odd...
Just sayin!
out with aminata :.
NEW SPONSOR.
Thanks to  one of Baltimore newest and nicest bars/restaurants.
Friend them.
HSI seizes nearly 900,000 in counterfeit merchandise at El Paso flea market.
I'd rather play with myself then cheat Real Shit
Oh...my.
Wow.
Congrats!?
I always say theyre like running backs RT : Is it just me or is the pf position the easiest one to fill in the nba?
Also, this craftermovietitle  Crochets on a Train.
Wonder if they could get Samuel L Jackson for that.
Got up early this tomorrow to walk precincts with Scott Peters CA52.
Follow to show yr support
i am REALLY close to unfollowing him.
He's really awful
Can someone put the Class of 2012 Memories DVD on Youtube??
Because I still can't open it.
Listening to my true love sing his baby girl to sleep.
March will be here before you know it!
Sign up for Broker or Salesperson Classes at www.TuckerSchool.com and tell a friend!
A lot of shit talk from the Sioux fans.
2 questions: 1 what channel is your team on tonight?
2 Did you find your logo yet?
Whew, really was missing you guys when the brackets came out.
: Different protocol, preparing for same trash talk here.
: 
tell them to return my 30 off bath and body works coupon!
Please.
When they say herb  cheese pizza, all I hear is urban cheese pizza.
I could really go for some urban cheese right now.
homework?
Or finding random cool stuff on the web....
Sorry to be confusingI didn't explain myself well.
140 chars does that.
iamsick helps you and your intimate social network track your illnesses together  Boston BigData Codeathon
Wishing all the wonderful Mothers a very Happy and Beautiful Mothers Day this Sunday.
how many views did it get?
That's what I want to know
thanks :D
I LOVE THAT STORE TOO.
3.
nice to meet you!
watch on comcast OD  Your Colorado  VidBlogger Nation  Tada!
Thanks, Sue ...
but I will be at the Empty Bottle for the HoZac Blackout Fest that night.
I have got to have the best boyfriend imaginable.
Getting me Dunkin because I feel awful 
Okay so if your gonna say your in a bad mood and crying but you won't tell me why??
Then dont even freaking tell me.
Sweet Baby Jesus.
ondemand check out the qr program at booth 2901
The famous lady in room 6 at the Louvre blew me away.
i need advice me and my friend josh are full on beliebers but our friends arnt and hate when we listen to ur music wat do i do
Im looking for a small business owner who would like somebody to advertise their website FOR FREE online,hit me up
kinda hard when it can be heard through the entire house
Wow great golf rooting for Michelson is toug, he just gives away to many shots, i lilke Johnson but Darren Clarke is hard to root againest
something is broken at that link.
:  Don't shoot the messenger...
Patio opening soon!
If you live in North Carolina...you're probably offended at this scene on TheVoice right now...
if you had to leave one direction to save Harry's life would you?
Happy Birthday Robert Speidel....we miss you!
I rely on twitter 4 marketing our services and it works.
Just cause it's easy doesn't make it wrong.
omg mom is officially single.
we'll see how long this lasts
Are you Masters or PHd bound?
In what field?
Same with my work...
Let's go !
I doctoramed last night that I hung out w/ ..She showed me her record collection and asked me to play Hammered dulcimer in her band
I really wish I was at the Houston Art Car Parade today, especially with and up to shenanigans with
sure does...right now years after he has passed on..lol
so he throws it wherever he is and I am forced to ethier trip over it or throw it and which you think I'm gonna do ?
RT if you love with all of your heart 
You should!!!!!
that sounds awful
The upside of being nearly a month behind on TV is that certain networks' 8day online embargos are irrelevant.
U join mine and i will join yours www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
That flexibility/searchability is what is most appealing to me, too.
Thanks, man.
LoL there go At the Same Damn Time lol
Crazy...
It's what's for dinner, apparently.
RT : A man's character is his fate  Heraclitus
soon I hope!
I'm in Baltimore this Friday but I'm around all the other Fridays in April
Cuban says NBA owners should professort from Olympics, too
I hadn't really thought about it.
But now that you mention it, I may have to pull it together.
So many laughs.
Just helping out working folks.
Somebody has to.
RT : injustice today, Scabby?
Just had the worst shot of my life.
Holy crap.
Thanks for the RT Joel!
Until Ace Ventura, no actor had considered talking through his ass.
Jim Carrey

council vote finally came through  we got our park !
Poppy Field need to go somewhere!
fromthetrack SantaAnita with
The factor 2 analysis is also very good.
Lunch break chillin.
Definitely gonna need to workout tonight after this espresso shake I'm about to devour
If you are at the game I'm going to be really jealous!
Go Terps!
Why wasn't that a goal?
IN THE HEAT OF THE NIGHT meets YOU'VE GOT MAIL.
I'm starting to realize I may have different taste in commercials than everyone else.
if you guys love music can you all follow !
she follows back if you ask :
is awesome!
wrong twitter info
I WOULD.
good!
And stop being so hard on yourself, trust me it doesnt end on a good note.
bounce is a good word!!
GUESS who I just emailed!?!
I'm desperate
HOW EXCITING REACHING OVER 1,000 LIKES!
THANK YOU!!!!
Lolol : my friends saying
Wow my timeline is actually good for once WOW THANK YOU GUYS
that's hilarious.
And sad if it's true.
EEEEOWWWW!
Ah lame!!
you should tell people a description of the link not just the link.
You erik getty more clicks
.
is reporting on road closures to the north near Oshkosh.
He'll be following traffic live from News Chopper 12
Not sure I'm ready to walk into a bar filled with BU  Sioux fans.
Maybe find some Notre Dame fans, too?
your austream was awesome as always :
I would think they both would, especially LaRoque but haven't seen anything definitive
I would think a better law for Walsh would be one enforcing child support payments.
Behind?
No Congress for you
It costs so much to be a full human being, that there are very few who have the enlightenment or the courage to pay the price
I lost your number!
Tore through the Game of Thrones Bluray and got Julie into Battlestar Galactica.
This is what I did this week.
did I make that word up?
:/
heyy follow me
I was unmasked by my arch nemesis, Radian, and everyone took photos...
Now I'm unemployed!
soembarrassing!!
I dont know if he would:/ and NO YOUR BEAUTIFUL I DONT CARE WHAT YOU SAY YOUR PERFECT3
None not non for my last tweet
So so true!
RT Oh, Microsoft Word.
I've met someone else.
No, please don't cry.
It's just that Google Docs is easier.
Thank you for the DM and info.
Thank you so much!
We're glad you enjoyed!
Come back soon!!
RT : everything was amazing!
fasho cus I need management!
DM me the email
Smith expressed great admiration for the Celtics team defense with Garnett as its leader, pronouncing, He's got a lot left in the tank.
Take charge of your attitude.
Don't let someone else choose it for you.
Anonymous
It's my pleasure.
exactly, that kid sucks on defense
SHIT!!
Bill Clinton is coming to EP,  I have endorsed the gringo pretending he's 1/2 Mexican by calling his self BAYTOE!
Clinton is pissed
We just added an addition to our family!!!
Walaoeh my sister left me just like that snaps finger.
Circus anyone?
RT if you'll be heading to tonight, 7p to catch some Ringling Bros.
action!
Making new connections!
TYLER THE CREATOR LOOK DUMB AS FUCK ON PUNK'D
Love raw so far
How about a lazy Sunday and we do the cooking?
I'm glad I'm not the only one that wonders that....
that's me lol I forgot about that pic
Enjoying our time at the event in Rochester, excellent turnout
It's hilarious how everyone here in the northeast is whining about the heat..
Try Houston for a summer!
OH no!
That's a brand new computer!!
SMART, SEXY  TALENTED?
Do you love to dance  entertain a crowd????
If so NOW'S your chance to REGISTER to become a NJSKY Dancer!!
3
i'm a man without conviction, who doesn't know.
we come and go
Kobe got this!!!
Lakers to next round!
soo..
what do you think about the singing contest thing?;D3
I know, I hate getting teeth pulled.
Why is Liz still on The View?
You let go of the Brilliant Star and Rosie...Why isn't liz gone after the Bill M.
stunt?.
Yeah!
Taco Tuesdays!
:D
Great rum, oysters, and now a torano exodus 1959.
Good night so far.
Ew, don't even!
shakes head
On a secret mission for my station all this week  out of the state until Saturday.
Someday you'll find out why....
A fire alarm at 5 in the am and then an hour later the power goes out so my room felt like it was actually on fire
Watching checking in on Caps
Haven't Hurd from him all day tho  blah
Were you watching that show?
I could not stop laughing.
When striving to make your doctorams a reality...don't hate on yourself!
I am in!
will talk to the gf soon.
cash is tight, but scratching away at the debt and getting really close.
I'm on iPhone lol
Of course I believe in AMERICA.
I DON'T believe in MITT ROMNEY.
Why?
He Is the CASE OF THE FAKE PEOPLEROMNEY VILLE.
NLD Mom/ca.
survivor
Well Thanks you for the support.
: : u are so very talnted love ur work :
you cought my eye is that a good/bad thing o.O?
Rick Carlisle is a bad ass.
Almost the weekend...
wait wait, so I get the toy story bed!?
RT : Found 2 dollars on the ground!
SCORE!
Reminded me of 's lecture on looking for opportunity!
God will never CLOSE a door w/o leaving a window cracked OPEN for you.
Learn from mistakes.
Where there's a WILL there's a WAY!!!
How do the fringe guys keep pulling Leonard Nimoy out of retirement?
RT Pitbull tops the music charts and Nike resigns Michael Vick.
If your mom names you Pitbull as a child....
A man or woman unable to walk ten miles at a stretch will be regarded as a weakling.
100 year old predictionyeah...
right...
hahah!
Nope just a new exhibit at the museum
what have you cooked up?
New York is awesome.
Fashion week this week but you probably knew that.
RT Registration is open for The Brookhaven Bolt!
Presented by The Goddard School Buckhead!
The Cavalier Daily: Cut and Paste Jobs
Its cold and I don't like it.
CONGRATS CHEF..YOU DESERVE IT!!!!
We found strep in a throat less place
That's What I Do!
Or I Procrastinate.
3 !!!
So fun tonight!
RT:  Just watched an amazing show!
Congrats CCM grads!!
You were fabulous!!
b nice if it was more specific 2 projects, units, powerpts, availability, etc.
All these okc fans fail to notice its only game 2 ya think lakers cant fuck yall head up?
i hate being in such a horrible mood
Not sure if it was one of the best games I have seen in a while, but it was one of the toughest played.
Now lets go dancing!!
doctornking pbr from a mason jar listening to an indie band.
I feel like such a hipster
You should try out !
Then you can talk to new people whenever too :
Today I'm going to spotify songs I heard on the contemporary adult radio station like I just don't care.
Live life and love it because one day youll live your afterlife
Big catch for a Sooners touchdown by San Diegan Kenny Stills.
Boomer!
stop it ;
I am watching a friend selfdistruct with doctorgs.
Not a pretty picture.
lol I'm pretty your right thank you
Thor is quite awesome...
but Full Bot or not, my heart lies with Stark..
lol.
Hey  Word should pull up homophones in spellcheck just so you can be sure your their shouldn't be a there.
Where did you send it?
I completely disagree with that.
They have much more than that.
Yeah!
Two lushes on a Saturday night w/ ol mister Walker
I always get bored of Twitter in the middle of winter.
I don't know why.
Raphael, chilled and stiffened
You and Brandi Carlile together are brilliant.
I think you should add to that mix and record a trio album!
That's because I got home, had piano lessons, did some of my homework, and then had a 4 hour dance rehearsal.
Just got home.
wanting to do a duet with u and tryin to get u on ellen of thts ok and will u follow me so i can dm u something plz and thx
only grand forks' olive garden is worth that kind of wait
iPhone update is taking FOREVER and I need to use my phone...
GRR
If love was so easy to find it wouldn't be worth finding nowadays it seem like everybody finding love in the wrong places
MONA YOU LITTLE ASGDJDMSN
As our studios are limited in the number of guests that we can reasonably accommodate, we ask that you please RSVP as soon as possible.
also I don't want to go to the sports banquet anymore oho ho
It is an absolutely wonderful day!!!!!
haha well you're always welcome to stop by anytime
S/O wonder club Happy Birthday bruh
You created a rain delay to have more cocktails at cardsopeningday, didn't you!
Classy Not Trashy haha I Like That
Linking our Twitter  Facebook accounts
Don't forget to stop by and receive FREE SHIPPING on your purchase tonight.
ENDS AT MIDNIGHT.
My faith to believe is base on the word I received
come to the mall with me !
Thanks, Pep, for four great years.
Looking forward to it!
Sudden surge in interest for tonight's Grayling event
We now offer threading!
Fear lives in your mind, but only if you let it.
Let's go Goldy!
Lets go bills
get in late 2nite and am doing libraries build communities tmister til 5.
will call you then!
Busted my tailbone.....
This shit hurts
all flowers in time bend towards the sun, I know you say there is no one for you, but here is one.
is terrible.
This is nuts.
5 homers.
I'll take a Sox loss for a Bruins W however
Thanks to for raising funds for us for AIDSWalk12!
Today they gave us a check for 71,510.00
Great to meet you, Terry!
Hope your Friday is fabulous!
I think you could do white denim jeans instead: RT : What do we think?
Is it a faux pas to wear denim shoes with jeans?
Be cynical be crazy be whatever you want BUT don't interrupt the next person.
That's the secret.
Yes I have officially claimed the title of Chuck's 1 fan by buying a white Yaris 2 door, aka the Nerd Herder from season 1.
Eli manning is hilarious on snl
Be it a sign, a coincidence, serendipity, synchronicityI can't explain.
But it took me here.
On the path to myself.
Thanks for wearing a RachelleBritonDesign for your speech tonight!!
Photos coming soon!
Shout out to my mom's vagina for those 9 months of free room  board!
It's a good day for Hue.
Don't ya think?
Saving money for a new car
While Pearl Jam had personal angst and Creed had religious angst, Days of the New had social I hate my town angst.
Kinda punk in a way.
hopefully we can work together sometime.....
I have thought of fostering cattle dogs, but I KNOW I'd end up adopting them so I'm better off not starting down that road at all
answer your text
send Congress out of town on a long trip ...
best answer!
Is there a more precious gift than the love of cat?
And that's a wrap on
cant wait for raw :D
Very happy to see Toby Kebbell's star on the rise.
He's had my attention since Dead Man's Shoes.
haha what happened?
take your time.
Writers block is the worst.
I write a lot for work  when I am blocked it kills me!
We'll be here when you r back :
Documents signed...
Mom has a home again
google it
attention everyone follow
RT Legal Clips: Advocacy group asks U.S.
Supreme Court to review suspension of Virginia student for spitwad incident
Lectora hasn't upgraded in years!
Zebra is an unconventional UI.
ah!
My neighborhood!
Hello, you!
Is the Ravens playoff game messing with anything you have scheduled?
let's do this guys!!!
Coding an app to perform basic market intelligence for a top electronics brand
I really DO NOT wanna go back to school on onday!!:
lol I can do it but I'm type old fashioned.
I wanna with one person.
Not just anyone lol.
You would know better than almost anybody!
Hooray NJ Devils!!
Peace out Philly!
1975 NHLPlayoffs NHL :
Sleepy...
So sleepy...
Oh yeah and starving.
At least I have a PS3 and cable to keep me from fallin asleep.
Keeping me from food?
Harder .
syncing to kindle now.
hey thanks for the follow!
literally!
it was so awesome!
em does a great sarah.
The 2012 baseball season kicks off next week!
What is your favorite baseball memory?
5 men who broke with Occupy Cleveland movement were charged with plotting to bomb an Ohio bridge.
We discuss w/
I'm not tired!
I'm holding two extra passes to Social Distortion.
DM me if you want in
Q6: What Europeaninspired delicacy would you include in a holiday feast?
How soon 'til you announce the winners of the Prom contest?
Can you invite a heart attack?
Try a Fat Cheesehead at Fat Sandwich.
Cardiologist optional.
: Broxton got 4M from royals.
Plan is for him to set up.
Physical tomorrow.
Royals Crow to the rotation?
Sad.
And I was coming over later :
Lets go Lakers...
that's what I'd say if i was a Laker fan haha
because i saw you sellin tickets earlier
As opposed to them saying they are worried they are going to lose?
getting ready to laugh
Marty Robins is good stuff!
Proud of ya, girl!
It's killing me, lol
THEY DID NOT EVEN SHOW LOUIS!!!!!!!
Wtf is this ??
They did a close up of everyone except him.
But he did rock his suspenders;D
Does Pence keep you company in the steeple?
thank u mama
Join us Wednesday night July 6th from 10p12mid for jazz standards at Jovita's on S.
1st.
No cover.
See you there.
Bring the kids in for some new exciting books!
And at 4:15, they can meet author Roni Schotter and hear her new book!
you gonna be riding in ur doctoram car when we move to LA cause I'm switching the silver surfer for Bee b4 we move!
And thank you for being followable :
If we're going to do this can you do me a favor and make it more sooner than later
I was surprised with Mark Ruffalo's performance...he did awesome as Hulk!
yep, turned it off myself when it was a 24 point game with 8 or 9 mins left
Another ex of laziness compared 2 other generations....our music can shuffle 4ever.
B4, U had 2 get up  flip/switch it.
Have been off here for awhile.
Need to know if these peeps tweet: Usher, R Seacrest, CeeLo G, Ravin Symone, Elton John, Jermaine Dupree.
RT : Judas kissed Jesus.
You better watch 'em.
Have a great weekend folks.
Really looking forward to the slides from the mw2012 Tate metrics presentation!
I don't know who to tweet, but let us know when they're up!
Twitter is great in awkward ass situations.
Good morning!!
Curious on Designers thoughts on the user experience of Facebook's redesign?
Health Tip: Yikes!
Just 30 minutes of secondhand smoke a week can up your risk of stroke by 56!
Very long talking and than justin bieber with boyfriend song......
So beaitufull and amazing babe
let that dude know that the pirates have a better record than the Phillies right now..
You had to be there!
WeCantDate If you think everythinhgs annoying like
Lol can you not be fucking annoying
Since that day, when people have spoken to me of genius, I have felt the inside pocket to make sure my wallet's still there.T Williams
Long time no see Las Vegas!
Excited to be back at
Just scheduled for his next mixtape release JBLADE  THA LIL RICH LP coming Feb.
17 via promo!
Merry Christmas every one
EliManning is a pretty funny guy
were in the hell are you?
Orch isn't the same :/
BELOW THE BRIM is working on the background and details for its animation/ cartoon.
My lamp is on right now.
My aunt tried turning on the tv, and it didn't work, and she asked if the power was out lol
i give most human beings the benefit of the doubt at first.
if they pass muster, we can be friends.
Be sure to read Parable of the Talents, too!
Sure sad she didn't get to finish the trilogy.
man in here chillen we killed the recording i say ayyyee Tedddyyyyy!!!
I Know D:
lol aww don't be modest, ya both come up with some kneeslappers, least I enjoy 'em ;...thx, I think it's fair
I swear for my parents!
had to follow a fellow Ironman!
looking forward to the info
hehe3 I wanna be gorgeous like you!
Yay !
You deserve this!
Twitter now feeds to my website.
I think.
Back at the desk after three days of conference and one day of clearing desk and inbox.
Time to write and read and write.
It's 3AM and we're at the park making mischief!
:D
Thank you :
15 more tweets
Happy Birthday!
Another great year ahead!
goodthingsinthisworld ponies and barrel racing :
I have a mashup of Blame it on the Bossanova and Camelot's If Ever I Would Leave You on repeat in my head.
LOL!
techcomm  stcorg are rather huggy!
: It's to balance out the hugginess the rest of the time.
Who's up for a Ah!
My Goddess marathon?
I am the living embodiment of Keiichi Morisato.
You are seriously the best!
We 3 it!
Fight the cold with some 5 truffle Macncheese and great deals on doctornks from 47.
A woman never forgets the men she could have had; a man, the women he couldn't.
Who all went to Pridefest this weekend?
The Tool Shed had SlutWalk Milwaukee flyers and were handing them out like crazy!
Did you see any?
thx!
your head is swimming?
in media, of course!
The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.
Anonymous
had better keep winning...she deserves it!
The only problem with loving a dog is that they live for only a short time.
Watching Krapp's Last Tape while listening to Peanut Butter Wolf yep good times
Sat 10am: Little Buddies film seriestop documentary from Tribeca Film Festival, Racing doctorams.
Recommend ages 8  doc fansTix 5
you go girl
Let's go Wolf!
Lead the Brewers to a victory today  we're due!
On a one game losing streak...
Crowdfunding Pioneers Launch professorssional Association in Concert with ...
MarketWatch
Much Love dudes :
Recycle, reduce, reuse...its on the loose
if y'all gonna have boyfriends then ima find me a girlfriend...
RT : Selling unused logo ideas/concepts  Go for it.
Clients toss away jewels for garbage constantly.
s/o to sparc mac lol nice 106 bro
Lisa Salters is a Total Vision of Loveliness!
Pure class  Beauty Personified!!!
crushing lol
Chatard is going 1:1 iP.
They'd probably be very interested.
I think maybe so.
because when I start getting close to 900 or 1000,people start unfollowing me and it feels terrible
Keeping an eye on the latest on Bobby Petrino.
CNN affils to cover a proPetrino rally scheduled at 8pET at the Broyles Center.
Part of the inhumanity of the computer is that once it is competently programmed and working smoothly it is completely honest.
Isaac Asimov
I want a teacher like misterFEENY.
Thanks for your RTs, good souls!
jus came from Great Skate
Is hoping jthegerberbaby is having a wonderful day!!
Such a thoughtful stepson!
the Packers have the best Offense I have ever seen n my life im 27 so thats a long time!!
Fuck all Packers haters yall lose and we win!!
Let the raining begin!
NFL cancels HOF game.
The big performance enhancing doctorg debacle is around deer antler velvet aka what the antlers shed.
I want to know who figured this one out!
Once it does the choke its a wrap lol
Want to learn how to lose weight with idiomatically://fatloss4idiots.com/?hoptonyclark
haha you'll find your guy some day333 he just might not be me.
i'm okay a girls biggest lie
Bar Owner just asked for a New Neon After asking what was wrong with the one he already has, his response blew my mind.
ice tea, soda?
cus i saw it in his mouth  still evn it hittin ring post broke quickly  glass lookd thin special made prop?
that's talent ...
i want pics of mascara RT Watching a gal do a complete makeup application..on bus...no mirror.
ragstock has a huge selection
You're welcome!
24 hrs to the USA cool
The 5,000th replay of MTV Video Music Awards is underway....
We just shared the song.
We wish Bryan and his family all the best!
Nerlens Noel may not even qualify.....don't sweat it
First time eating Longon since moving to Oahu.
Yum Yum :
has anyone out there used mvelopes?
Heading out the door and plowed like a corn field....should be an interesting night
You may be able to see the top of my desk soon.
Alert the media.
When you see an actor on tv and you try to remember where else you've seen them.
because no one is perfect, youll find something wrong with anyone you meet.
.
.
give it time
Panda express for breakfast.
;
Okay, if your too over weight to walk, then what the hell are you doing at an amusement park?
Let's go Hoyas!!
Team Porter
Hey...not sure if u watched the Mayweather/Cotto fight, but was he in the ring w/ Mayweather?
It sure looked like him
thank you!
can i be your toiletgirl?
Idek what that means, but sign me up!
;
my heart goes out to her family
Late night of and I watching Twilight Zone reruns!
St.
Louis was just ranked as the best city for cheapskates.
No wonder the STLCardinals are such
Thanks for the mention!
Vinny Curry  Tommy Streeter i like here both picks
Chargers Left Tackle Marcus McNeil out for todays game  odds Julius Peppers kills Phillip Rivers today?
well that'll work ...as long as you've got something....beneath it
Wow...
My day is wrecked...
meeting a friend for lunch and then will connect with u!
you're an animal
Free big macs until 8pm today all the fat hoes bout to be der ahah .
huh??
I mean like maybe if a girl wasnt horny a guy would get mad and think it's a big thing
i just need 42 more followers!
:D HELP ME?!?!???
it's okay.
Has not creeped into my top ten
Just came home from Jon's concert.
Best performer of the night was a Decemberborn boy that looks like a 11yr old Harry Potter.
Stunning!
but I think people are always the same they just put up fronts for those that they wish to bros them differently
It is!
I've been so sick, mijita.
Lets get married
TSA agents shouldn't try to be comedians.
Alright alright alright...
You gonna learn today!!
you are brave!!
' webinar on March 28 w on mobile math and April 12 w on digital storytelling and iPads
Man it's nice outside but my bed won't let me go
I jus want cut my legs n throw them olver my shoulders lol
Now that you say it, your team is named after him.
Apologies for forgetting that  for being too lazy to look at the matchup.
Dis boy and his smexy dance moves :
Lol where are you?
Maybe zane can take me but idk
Catching up on last night's tv.
Shane!!!!
I love you!
:D 333 sending you much love.
OMG, SAME!
If you aim at nothing, you'll hit it EVERY TIME.
A cow or a bull?
the bartender just had to google where William Faulkner was from and WE ARE IN MISSISSIPPI.
That they looking and talking and giving opinions means they fantasizing bout what they can't have.
Don't worry bout nothin.
It's hard not to have a ton of mixed feelings about the passing of
Sun safety and personal safety what a great combinations.
thanks for spreading the word dear!
Only 86 followers away from 1k!
Pinterest must be pissed that someone is making a grand a day off their site when they're making nothing.
620 million visitors visit Google.com daily.
Back to the business
as far as i'm concerned, you're just another picture to burn.
98 bodegas roda II filled with mushrooms is great with mushroom risotto.
nah.
They're all still asleep lol.
I don't remember what happened last night at all.
WWF Dick Clark
Artists need loyal fans!
It cultivates longivity of their creativity.
I meant to LA
I'm in a VERY good mood today!
Who's excited to watch DarkShadows Yay!!
shut yo sweet ass up
Everybody has 1 family member that's funny A'F .
My mamamaaaaaaaa duhh :
Vegan nugget thursday with !
truestory my man.
to many creepy dudes checked me out at the mall today...well two were kinda hott ; and kept smiling at me 0.0 haha
RT : Pretending to be happy when you're in pain is just an example of how strong you are as a person.
what is it called?
I was told a player can get older, but the jumpshot stays with you.
Maybe you can get Kobe to show you that fadeaway jumpshot?
So who would of thought John Travolta was a nancy?
Huge crowd at Rock Center ice already.
performance coming up soon.
my thoughts and prayers are with friends and family.
It is so sad :
Hi, how are you?
Please follow me, I would do the best day of all.
That's my biggest doctoram, please.
It is only a button.41
it was incredible.
I have no idea!
Lol I resigned from KISS in March hon!
I live in Ohio now :
Staying at the Sheraton for mobile2012?
Remember that check out time is noon.
Haha okay!
RT : Starting the day with 's jumpoff mix will make you wanna party at 10am hahaha.
Bad news for Justin De Fratus: Shut down again for at least four weeks.
Flexor pronator strain.
Matt Gelb
In case any of my beautiful family  friends want 2 send some joy to the Knowltons LaGrone Funeral Chapel 900 S Main St.
Roswell, NM 88203
Big Z welcome to Miami!!!!
This episode of Lioter Squad 
Are you planning on doing an LA Twitter ride while you're here?
I cannot wait to get a new phone!!
Wow!
The Susie Shoe Shine can get pretty interesting!
LOL
Their behavior is a product of their own conscious choice, based on values, rather than a product of their conditions, based on feeling
I find new gen ready and willing to learn.
More senior people seem more entitled
Is it just me or was the WMYB music video different on NICK than the original.
Still great thought!!!!
Ohey babe you're back, one sec!
when can I book you guys for a Saturday at T's Place???
Gosh people might say in obsessed with Tinker Bell which of course I am
thank you!
We are all okay.
The tornados missed our house but we have wheat from a field in our yard
Or just get some Salt Lick at the airport.
Same same.
ISTE11 I need a session on beginning an iPad pilot at my school which includes the info about the Apple school volume purchasing.
I think happiness is finding a few extra fries at the bottom of the bag  michelle johnson
Cat  what does an interdisciplanary approach mean?
Rhinos are really just old, fat unicorns.
Don't argue.
U know i'm right
Thanks for following !
Looking forward to some good info from you!
Sharon Dunwoody, : Objectivity and balance are sophisticated surrogates for truth telling
no...
Sad face.
Can't see them from my phone..
thanks so much!
We've gotten some great entries!
I am going to go take a look at your website.
Happy Sunday to you!
I can tell that you've been practicing!
I hand write cards too :
PennState students, rioting will not accomplish anything.
Don't make our university look any worse.
I'm excited!
Just have to save as much money as possible lol
I have the best people in my life right now!!
No shit.
How do you have a career?
Where's your loyalty?
Huh?
What would Eddie think?
IPhone  iPad2 in memory of the great innovator Steve Job.
I believe I did see a tweet from him that he would be there
What are your favorite resources for conference poster presentations?
I haven't done one before.
Thanks!
Very good!
The cabrito was great!
When they tried to make her go to Rehab, she should have said YES, YES, YES.
clarity all the way.
Things I love about Baltimore: May means that for the next few months there will always be a festival going on every weekend
are we seeing athletes doing social media well translate to  like more sponsorship money or opportunities?
keep talking...it is inspiring me!!
way too stoked to go to coachella with the most awesome person
2 of my fave and best social media thought leaders on the social biz panel at socialmediaweek.
will be fab!
Lmao Girl To Late
Today was great!
:D
NEW LoCash Cowboys song in the New Music Spotlight at 8pm then try to win more Country Cash after LoCash 
Getting my tattoo doctorw up tomorrow.
pretty freakin stoked :
Who out there can tell me what kind of tax the U.S.
Supreme Court has ruled that the income tax is  direct or indirect?
...a perfectly natural response to plumbing issues.
I'm fine.
how about you?
Morning started with taking lots of elk pictures.
Next: Tillamook Cheese!
You're welcome.
Another beauty of a day in Dallas!
Love this weather...
right like for real.
BmoreFail Infrastructure is asphalt  
i miss me some CX!
Love from Detroit.
I bet she reminds u of me
lol damn.
At least you're honest
this dude
ThisAct is over so guess its time for me to take a bow.
ridic, loves it !
should probably start homework now...nah it can wait:
So excited about marketing track for our Ignite event in March; innovative social uses, proven lead gen, successful ROI tactics
hon?
poHON?
Funny how much people talked shit on Twitter in highschool yet they are all getting it now lol
had a great time at Radford today, can't wait for the fall.
Thanks for the RTs today Brandi!
Have a great evening
Wait wait, what?
was she stressn.
what???
Congrats Anne!
Bummer it's not Denver August 2012!!
dorks are adorable :
i was about to prank call you but i remembered that you're too lazy to go upstairs and get your phone haha :
Looking for a great birthday idea for your child and friends?
Check out our party section at www.bathandbodybistro.com
check your voicemail homie!
Want to be a good dad?
Get off the sidelines and get in the game!
Most people run a race to see who is fastest; I run to see who has the most guts.
Prefontaine
Thanks!
I know this I mostly about me
Also, today has been as about as pleasant and rest full as I could have wanted.
Good reflection on some things.
Good vibes, happy heart.
he talks a good game but his actions don't support the words.
going over the results of day 2 of 1khomesrva.
Great volunteers, outreach workers, and partners!
RPD does a great job!
Still need 2  4 chefs for Tenant Resource Center's Iron Chef Event on Friday, March 23rd at the Brink Lounge 5  7pm.
Interested?
i wear my own style of clothes, listen 2 my style of music,do my WAY tha treadWAY!Tha only time i follow some1 is only on twitter!
Pinterest is almost as addicting as Tumblr.
Follow me!
Username: recordinmotion
I just heard it too .
LOL my dad was jamming
These refs are not having their best day.
Clearly a travel.
It simply cannot be morning already, can it?!
That's impossible it's not true....
No
Thank you so much for the tweets and support.
Heading to arena now...
It's time!
Taylor Green's batting song makes me want to dance
Movies tomorrow night witttthh my momma  daddddyy and Saturday is kings islannd with my girls!
Laying in bed and can't make up ur mind of to hot or cold
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear.
Mark Twain
1 more week till the launch date and soon to follow a big party!
Everything looks great so far some occasional showers will be on the way of the game but better than yesterday nd playable
Individual and Group Workouts done ...headed back into the Gym and work with these AAU teams getting ready to head out of town this weekend
So , my mom's not even home yet 
Have you tried pandolfisdeli meatballs?
Fired up my fire place for the first time this year.
Wondering why I didn't do this earlier...
You running Sunday?
on tonite, vs conservative talk radio.
you nevah call!
Pain , Pain just by seeing stuff my heart breaks
hey ; when I'm looking throw my timeline i always stop and look to see what you tweeted its always funny ;
Starting a contemporary adult band called Scooter Commuter
I'd rather go to the dentist than a wedding.
agrees with the time traveling CocaCola commercial.
Scientists, you've got 9:30 minutes left to figure it out!
Tick, tock...
Sweet minivan  thank you Hertz!
living the life!
I fucked up.
Life goes on
...I'm also not sure why I care...I mean, it's the Browns after all ;
Their are so many Iago's out there!!
Trust no one.
Thanks for following!
TypeYourNameWithYourElbow  Imma Pimp!
Wow, that was craazie I got that like that!
LOL
Looking forward to it!
: being the best basketball player i can possibly be will allow 2 become the next P.Diddy...
thanks for the kind words.
means alot ;
I am now the kind of woman who owns a fashionable pair of leather boots.
love the pure connect.
Kinked shoelaces a nice touch and my kind of attention to detail.
I'll check.
maybe some AC/DC and Rush?
This weather is absolutely amazing.
lovingit 
And the Mayness has begun....
These two kids go hard!
I want to take a nap after school so bad, but I also need to look for a new job.
I need more time!
that septum piercing dawgg 
Thanks Erin for sharing, I love it.
A new theater production hopes to make science sexy at Details in a live interview at 8:45
Today's high is going to be 81 degrees another day to put on some shorts and soak up the sun and God blue skies : 
Bitten by the maker bug: one man39;s first steps with Arduino
Ronny Turiaf will start for the injured Heat forward Chris Bosh in Game 2 vs.Pacers.
Bosh is out with a strained abdominal.
Yo everybody was on Friday.
Meagan Good was so little Up here, she was too cute.
um, that would probably be the most legit thing ever.
doooooit, i dare you!
:D
david silverman is confused!!He needs a Savior he will meet Him one day!!
All I can sayI'd hate 2 have his lost soul  may God be w/him!
Well, hair 582 jiggled a bit.
But, you couldn't tell on tape.
We walk by faith and not by sight and not by appearance.
Haven't been on forever!
Varsity football give you no life.

1000/ ticket to The Eagles concert at MGM Grand right now
The RipOffs is just the best ADHD music.
forever and never lol
appreciate the love!
ebm haha please and thank you 
Behind every smile there's a doctorp of tear.
Within every tear there's love.
ahh how i love watching the tyra show everyday at 3 , ;D
Thanks Scott Friend for the presentation at iLab last night
...always requiring new assurances from the object of its interest.
Ann Radcliffe,
JESUS is yo friend!!!!
And me too...
How are you, meng?
Love is a grave mental disease.
Plato
great to hear a Chancellor with such passion about the importance of a strong university brand and message
are y'all having success finding talent from StarCastAuditions?
RT : Obama: Tonight, I call on every State to require that all students stay in high school until they graduate or turn 18.
Cream first?
I challenge all girls who claim to be such a guy when it comes to sex to go fuck 3 random strangers.
Oh you won't?
Then stop saying that.
Only 10 more minutes to stop by our table in the foyer and chat with !
RT : HOUSTON!
Tonight, check out at STATUS LOUNGE.
Contacts app approved!
Never lose touch with your friends again.
Look for RememberMe!
in the app store within 24 hours!
is hard,but i choose Ariana Grande :
653  idk you that well but I do know your sweet :
nowplaying Seashack while reading about Haitian Vodou by the pool.
you're not alone and I have early start today.
Everything was handled well, they did a fantastic job!
Sending Sunshine from FL!!
school til 11:01 tomorrow then going to king's island
I can't beleive this dog ate my Jimmy choo wallet :'
the amount of Disney Instagrams in the next few days is going to be
You are a complete joke!!!
I'd like to get out in front of this thing  say FTR, I oppose the future bail outs of California, Illinois,  New York.
finally made it happen!
Thx !
: yeah!!
been waiting 2 yrs for U to come to San Jose
Happy FF to some Design friends
Glad you liked them!
Thanks for sharing the great pic!
Now the question is, what to order next time...?
what about you?
DesperateHousewives series finale.
Let the sobfest begin.
yeah I think each photog will have some in each show.
One show is focused on the river and the other is freedom of press
They just have no idea how wellbehaved I really have been.
You should've seen me in action in my premom life.
:D
I'm a fan and I demand it!!!
Merry Christmas!!!
Never apologize for what you feel.
Its like saying sorry for being real.
If you're looking for a new TV show, HBO's Veep is fantastic.
Recession's over.
I am disgusted he is worried.
At least someone has the guts to stand up to evil!
25 nominees for the NASCAR Hall of Fame announced today  give and a follow to learn more  vote
Interesting argument being brought up in the documntary about the Little Rock Central.
Are AP classes a new form of segregation?
Whataburger needs to give out some free Patty melts tonight!
Patty Mills just scored a carrier high 25 points.
Mac Gaming News returns after a week off  www.macgamingnews.com  live at 10am Pacific  mac game reviews, news, etc.
Happy Fourth of July everyone.
Be safe and enjoy the rest of your day!
The Adamouski international art competition is CALLING ALL ARTISTS!!
Join our member community, be noticed, and submit to the competition.
NEOSOULHAPPYHOUR5/25  Live Sound  The Arts  Cocktails
OMG taking me back to my toddler years...the Elephant Show?!
preswk12 studied what people were uploading, how, and where.
Also how it was accessed and what metadata was available when accessed
Thanks!
I'd be more than happy to talk with someone to discuss the difficulties!
I FEEL SO SICK.
RT : thinking 'bout you.
really?
It's so.
And all the Starbucks are closed.
I thought they would only close during
PresidentsDayPornoTitle Back to Back Bush
Had to reschedule for tomorrow.
To make it through the night I'll utilize my cheap health care / pain relief option:
How many KY fans are going to wake up confused tomorrow because their couch is missing?
did you have the kid lick a little salt off his wrist first?
We were kind to ourselves today by wearing our sunscreen towelettes to protect our skin from the sun!
:
I dare him to duke it out with Joe Giudice.
lol ya and I'm still up
I just found a bunch of old letters from years ago.
The letter 'A' dose not appear in any numbers from 1999...mindblown
Hurray for the JOBS act!
TechMoola will embrace  allow equity crowdfunding once the legislation becomes clear.
RT : Kind of perfect : Zooey Deschanel to play Loretta Lynn in Coal Miner's Daughter on Broadway.
Oh I'm not feeling it today thank god :
Listening to the game on the radio and with all the cheering I thought Phoenix scored!
Thanks for the follow
last day in THE house.
Eek!
The last bit of moving is always the worst.
So dumb.
That's entirely team dependent.
: Elevate right now
guys that have long nails...
So sooty I was not there to hold your hair back...
Hope you're feeling better.
Priority mail delivers to the moon jsyk saw it on a billboard
Twitterites!
Come out tonight to GA Tech to see David Bottoms!
is giving out 200 free copies of the book.
Bring friends!
np, you can get it all bow weezy!!!
how many of us have said the Yankees are going to do damage this inning?
I have said it the last three innings
SFAD screenwriting  what makes a great pitch?
that doesn't make any sense.
Happy Friday!
Literacy Fact....
50 of NASA employees are dyslexic readfaster.com....
It can be conquered and IR can help.
Call 2754040
I hope you had a great New Year!
We gotta work out together soon!
I hope it breaks so I can get a new one!
really?!
:o
Global Elements is having a rocking day!!
Thank you for the business everyone.
Thanks so much!!!
Join the Alliance for Ideas That Workedoctorpid Fire Innovation , Tuesday the 20th at 3:30pm.
My voice is gone folks.
Glad there are so many are other supporters out here to compensate!
Aw love you too, Steph!
:D
My cousin just turned on TWC and promptly kicked me out.
Will be in Memphis by 3:30pm.
idk what that game is.
Is it like a movie question game?
WE GOT THE BLOCK ON LOCK !!!
STOP SHAK N  STEP UP !
10DEEP MOB ROCKSMITH ROGUE KIdoctorBOT IMKING WE KEEP AZ SEXXY.
Page Themes Page Themes
Lol.
Yonkers creep me out alil bit !
The things he does in that video O.O  Zaona
We want to thank the mayors office gang commission division for their help  support!!!
Enjoy a fresh at ZombieFest tomorrow for just 3.50.
Goes great with brains AND burgers  is preferred by zombies everywhere!
Thank GOD Baylor Won, So happy.
and the rest of the team, Great Job!
When you run out of cash at a cash only restaurant on mothers day, do you leave your mom behind?
I was a few minutes ago
Red Door Spas in Tucson is offering 10 off any RED product in their retail boutique.
How will you paintthetownred?
That's one of my 10 favorite movies of all time.
Bossman brought lunch!
Tomato Basil Soup...m so good :
Watching part of Ken Burn's The National Parks documentary for the first time and it makes me want to take a road trip across America.
We are, but even before the upgrade I was really amazed at how well it worked.
Your mama is so fat, when she sings, its over.
welcome to Twitter Monica lol
salivating...
Its Mukeu
The hollow points are the worst.
RT : I'd say PPT doesn't kill people.
Bullet points kill people!
Great Friends, Great Tweets!
Get well, stay well w/ great oral care.
www.closys.com
So pumped up about the concert tonight
hey sunshine
I'm finishing packing in flannel and heeled combat boots.
I feel so Rosie the Riveter right now.
When was the last time you actually went into your bank?
jesse
lol....that's not something to be proud of
Starting to receive submissions for TheJUMP.
I hope these things keep rollin' in.
thanks for the CMH love
AskBilas Can UK win a NCAA title with Marquis Teague at PG?
If I have a concern it is consistency from Teague at the PG spot.
I'm so excited to see you guys back on the abdc stage!!!
You guys never fail at putting on a great preformance!
It's rare to find down to earth individuals like my boy in the music biz these days.
He'll make your project sound right.
Any truth to the reports that the RNC has officially endorsed Romney?
The capitol rally is being interrupted for wedding photos.
Shawn Camp's probably the most reliable guy the Cubs have right now.
Darling Bevinski  read your direct messages!
Love from the city of brotherly love...
T
RIP Carroll Shelby and condolences to his family.
Seen any good movies lately?
Looking for some recommendations on what's worth seeing.
I won't argue with that.
My mom is so embarrassing!
I was talking to on the phone  she was talking about how big some guy's ears were...
x
we lost bc of him and he is the worst player, screw him
yes!
:D that would be fun to be able to go!
:
Impressive!
Enjoy...
What's happening?
Why the Comcast hate?
I think your fever will decide if u go to school, don't you?
Not me3.
Just cried that good cry you cry four months into a relationship.
Rocked The Club Last Thursday W/ ...
Now Its Your Turn To get BodiRocked This Thursday At BODI  FREE ALL NIGHT!
Yes...
picked up a major boating client today...
More to come...
Who else needs marketing solutions for a lifestyle product?
IDidintTextYouBack because if you just say lol or something unsignificant, i''m not interested
After no OT in first wk of NBA playoffs, 2 in past 2 days.
If youre Jameer you HAVE to hit that.
Good fake, open lookgame's eite hit that.
My life has been full of terrible misfortunes, most of which never happened.
Mark Twain
...I won't be leaving sweet tweets like I usually do, but I'm still here in spirit.
: Some bull junk happened, gotta clean it up!
xo's 
Supercharge landscape media player for iPhone/iPod Touch coming 2010!
Follow NOW!!!
IsAnyOneUp has officially been shut down...
but where will I find pics of fat tattooed naked girls.
Obama's Rolling Stone treatment  politics to pop  San Jose Mercury News
Happens to me everyday!
I wonder if we will get some of the snow that's in good ol Indiana right now?!
Seeing go radio in 30 mins.
So stoked!
The Smilers RULES, you know!
;

Cant wait until 5 o'clock 2 trip off and and my new boo
when i told you the definition of how someone can love someone so much i was talking about how i feel about you.
TODAY IS ANOTHER DAY,BUT CAN U TELL ME ABOUT TOMMOROW.Hm
Im Aiming At a Million But Shooting At a Billion Then Fly Like Im Leaping Off the Highest Building
If u miss Lux tomorrow night ur a fool!!
cause you can't really come :
this area has bred some great horses in the last 10 years!
Stupid high schoolers with party horns
John, would love to craft an experience with some of your classes on LivingSocial.
DM let me know!
says tonight we dine in hell!
I want one!
Never ended up making it to yolo ..
need to provide leadership to small business to encourage them to hire seniors
The Bulls can't hit freethrows
Thanks for the RT!
Is anyone else noticing the sudden and rapid decline of SSD prices?
Something's happening!
Ew.
My dad was trimming his nose hairs at the table..
Between 8 a.m.
and 10 a.m.
every Wednesday we offer a 10 discount off of our already low prices.
heading 2 chicago in the morning 2 do a live spot on Bloomberg.
thank GOD my mom is tackling this 1 b/c live tv makes me nervous as hell lol
Phones open at 6 am for big radiothon!
Call 1877719KIDS.
All money goes to help sick kids.
Congratulations on all of your sucess!!!
Follow for a SHOUTOUT!
Ugh I swear Navy Army might be the best bank but damn it's also the slowest!!!
Anyone who's been stranded at 3 am with a dead car battery agrees!!
can't believe how unbelievably nice some people are!
I am blown away by kindness
This needs to happen more!
RT Wouldn't be Opening Day without a fan running on the field.
LOL!
I was just gonna tweet something about Boyfriend cuz i just listened to it 4 the millionith time!
Swag,Swag,onYOU
Our Art Show WarisChild'sPlay will be featuring some interesting pieces.
Such as 4,802 toy soldiers and sculptures made out of legos
how did u make bieber's suit on your backround thing change colors???
..
Mke.
Mustangs coach Bob Landsee on his now released kicker: He couldn't hit a bull on the butt with a handful of sand tonight.
Awesome.
Great call with Mitch Daniels.
Glad to hear he supports the NoBudgetNoPay bill.
Get a massage for only 25 for one hour for season promo, call 7192017640 to make an apt.
Congrats!
When  where is the launch party?
looks AMAZING!
CRACK SAUCE tonight 8  midnight
good morning.
Give me a shout I'd like to connect with you about working with some ur writers at Pulse
keep building connections and referrals.
Let's explode this thing.
www.referralkey.com
I think when they saw me breathless, running in for a cutin..
they got the idea
WhiteSox game coming on in a minute.
It's one of those horrible Fox broadcasts.
Ain't been tweetin in a while
nice vid, sad I missed that day!!
: Trust what God is telling you and see the return on your investments!!!!!!
: 
damn straight boo.
Excited to hear my beloved on Leno tonight.
Cleaning my room for the first time in two weeks...
Damn, can't even see the floor right now.
hahah Oh I see.
Mother nature saying a big fuck you hahah
Hubby come home today can't wait
Ever wear an inappropriate shirt to work underneath a sweater only to discover that it is freakishly hot in the library?
is speaking our language  right message, right person
soon enough that may change!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers around the world!
IT DIED!!
ALONG WITH OUR DIGNITY AND SELFRESPECT!!!
sounds like a solid theory
Kay cool c:
doctornk sex?
RT : This middle white woman looks old as shit....dang TO.
My room smells like Raid bug spray
WhatILoveTheMost seeing my family happy :
I really need to invest in a digital slr!
if they're willing/eager to learn
Sid Covington from Lone Star Rail District thanks Eckhardt for LS funding from Apple, says it might be a bit early
i love how bobby knows my old username like he knows who i am haha 3
Just because that camera didn't hit the player, that doesn't make this any less of a very serious issue.
I Receive it in Jesus name...
RT Season Of Restoration!!!!
I have no friends.
who wants to be my friend
it makesmesalty when and NEVER notice me.
:
The movie 2012 is just out of control.
:
Be sure to find out the Chicago Citizen's impact on ABC 7 Chicago's Cheryl Burton in our 47th anniversary edition 041812
Happens to all of us.
I was just having fun.
I want a dmt prometh blunt...covered in oil and keif..
Perhaps my issues concern the oblique aim toward a general public.
Edification is one thing but it must be contextualized.
well I guess I'll be seeing you there then!
my eyes are getting heavy.
Eyeopening financial talk with 
Rihanna is the hottest thing I've ever seen.
That CAN'T be snow already...
Have a picture?
Twitpic it to us!
Thanks for your response!
Have you gotten a chance to check out our current exhibition?
Would love to hear what you thought!
just staying on top of all my 'kids'!
nd ur tummy better get better
Hello twitter people!
What is happening in the first few minutes of Wednesday?
SO so sad Alexander McQueen commits suicide  age 40 : www.chron.com/disp/story.mpl/ap/top/all/6862160.html
RT Who's excited for tonight?
Best show in tv!
Hopefully the crew can get it together tomorrow.
on the plus side, you get to take an aluminum bat to that copier
what are you doing for social media week?
is doing a How To Do Social for brands event at our offices
This generation of kids coming up are gonna be horrible!
Shooting interview portion of mini doc tomorrow, super exciting can't wait for the project to really start taking shape!
GASP You mean social media is not some sort of magic fairy dust for marketers?
I just want you to be proud of me.
Ladies only Follow on twitter he on a quest to get over 1,000,000 girlfriends all over the globe and I think he can lol
Nat'l campaign a lock by Spring RT : Melissa McCarthy has brand potential.
Funny and relatable.
Bridesmaids success now an Emmy
We agree!
You can definitely count us in on tuning into SharkTank too to watch our client :
neverforget that only YOU can decide what you want to be!
Don't let anybody tell you otherwise!
I don't like him.
I already lost it for aforementioned violation.
I bet I can find another before SXSW is over though...
So instead of being reddish brown, my hair is now completely brown and it looks like shit.
why did i leave this project til now
just got our twitter page set up...looking forward to a few days off, then getting ready to head into the studio before our Ashville trip!
I can def help you get your ideas on paper!
check out my work at www.leocortesstudios.com email to
Want to come to my house next?!?!
Chris Christie has started to annoy me
Baseball query: When players go yard, they touch their lips and hearts and point at the sky.
Why not when they strike out?
Or single?
I think is writing about this topic!
You should talk to her more.
But IMO, rational me accepts that for 1/2
Counting the days until March 17th  I can't wait!
Wow , I've been sleeping al day
Put away those terrible towels till next year.
Go back and shovel that snow.
They key to having a good future is making amense with your passed
Happy 2012 to everyone!!!
I hope you have an amazing year filled with great memories!
Can you say 'suhweet!'?
RT : You can now again take a stroll across Maple Canyon across the Quince Street Footbridge!!!
Enjoy.
Come to Atlanta and I can show you!
;
His name is Austin...
and I kinda have a crush on him but it's one of those awkward ones of I like you but I don't know you crushes
Was it just me that thought LevitatedMass was a floating Catholic service?
Disappointed when I found out its just a big rock.
alrightyy ill do it when i have time : and then send it to youu.
Ahh D; i know but i wanna see youu 
MY NAME IS MULA!
Evan Turner really is VERY GOOD at those shots
:D RT : OMG.
Total food orgasm
love these dudes!
thanks for sharing the video link.
Checking out trailers too
the IDEA is that rich people will hire more people just because they can afford to.
Soo excited for Mama to receive her gift today!
BRIC Nations all four have now secured spot in Top 10 economies.
I like that.
I just gave my daughter a laptop and 15 mins later, I saw that it had nothing on the iPad she had already been using.
I don't think that's enough dude.
You might need to pay a fine or spmething.
LOL
so uhm.
i kinda missed justin at the fight yesterday someone wanna send me the video or?
that would be cool if you were, it would also make more sense because your good at every thing you do!!!!
lucky u 
WOO!
yeah, come on over!
I'm going to print out my script tonight for the first time since I fully finished it!
Yay!
I am so incredibly modest.
yeah and cool :
Presentation on listening bodies today in America's Convention Center Rm 102 Level 1.
Hope to c u there!
I actual knew that.
Idk why I said Carlos
I hate how messy my room is right now!
Thanks kubasketball for one hell of a year, so proud to be a fan, and I have the Self confidence to say we'll be back soon.
Knock em out, P!
Peter's Prep Hockey Game vs.
Seton Hall Hockey Game moved to wednesday Febuary 8th.
No broadcast this Friday.
when I seen you I didn't recognize you until you came closer I was like Aw her nails are done look at you !
It was SO nice meeting you in NY!
You and the crew were so sweet to me: is so lucky to have a mom like you!3
ha it's funny cause it was about you
My Summer  working, school , traveling and keeping kids 
snag it never launched.
changed biz concept to vacation packages.
new site will be save on stays.
in process integrating all the code
A strategic, focused job search campaign is an absolute must RT : Oregon's unemployment rate now at 12.1
No room at the inn, we're having this baby in a barn.currently no delivery rooms at n.side
My artists are working with quite a few producers right now but we always need beats
WILL THE RED SOX RESORT TO BEER AND FRIED CHICKEN?
MORE AT 11
Thanks so much!
so happy I'm not alone on this one, glad you can relate!
miss you too hope you're having a great semester and holding down CP!
I'm supposed to dance to it or worship with it?
It's confusing...
i bet something else u do after ur fb post will get u fired though!
I have a few questions about WM28'
Wow I am finding so many interesting people here.
Realy lade back too.
is plugging her twitter  the ISUSMSymposium i think she wants to boost her follower numbers!
She got me!
LSU is gonna bring the rollin to the tide
This one HAS to be ReTweeted...
Lol.
:
definitely need to try and pick up another RB.
Jones against the Jets in week 1 is not going to be pretty
True.
It's Cheez.
RT : : Squeezy cheese is awesome.
lt;lt; It's not cheese.
When you think of what type of man would even desire to be president today, it is no wonder we get what we get in the Commander in Chief.
fascinating  frightening presentation on how jihadis use gamification in online forums to doctorm up interest
My strange addiction just might be the weirdest show ever, like wtf who snorts baby powder?
Lawson puttin on a show!!
Yes it doesthank you kindly!
:
.: .0106 of population showed up at MLK rally on the Mall.
Aw, crap!
how did you get in there for free?!
There is a 3.00 cover charge.
not on tonight....Damn it.
Unless u have the nba package......
Aftern.
dispute:should I get something from Magnolia since I shlepped myself to the office from the airport on a Sun or not?
Good morning!
Can't a young nigga get money anymore!
writing is always more than just writing.
Thankyou for following me.
I wanna be a verified Arianator, how do you do that?
has a single out and will be on Elen according to SxSW panel!
Yeah!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!?
3 7
gracias, ohsoontobetenuredone.
I thought you were the king.

Larry explained this and said he meant less of a mover and more of a stand his ground and fight guy.
somebody should help me get 7 more follower..
please
Hope I'll feel better by tomorrow
Watching 2 broke girls
Derby Road Greyhound Race Tri Super carryover presently is at 19,298.00 and growing!
conga line to pacha 
That's a generalization.
Not all public schools are bad.
Madison West High produces kids that go to Harvard  Stanford yearly
Just filled out my bracket.
Who do I have winning it all?
NorthCarolinaTarHeels!
Just saw MJ's sparkly glove.
Am I the only one who didn' t know Dick Clark was still alive?
just watched the put a bird on it sketch for the first time...until just now i didn't know what the hell it meant
You've got to role with the punches to get to what's real.
game tonight!!!
Glad to have them finally back in town :
Still getting my hair done 
so do u think uts gonna be easy taking on the fruit pebble at wrestlemania?RockTalk live
Accessorize Like a Queen With CleopatraInspired Chokers TREND: Cleopatrainspired necklace WHO 'S WEARING IT: Whitney Port, Kourtney
If I added up all the time I am waiting for some kind of render I would probably decide it was worth upgrading my PC.
Meanwhile, Arturo is sitting there laughing at me the whole time.
Vic in No Cal just murdered Jay Mohr in the Jungle
Ah!
Autumn in Tucson.
Our patio is heated and the soups are on.
Stop in and try one of our delicious homemade soups!
anytime!
If you need more help just let me know!:
it is what it is tweeps!
Happy Easter ::
JPMorgan went from hiring 1 in 10 to 1 in 3 veterans with active search teams.
Understanding culture from within is key.
Its inevitable....
I'm going to have to get out of bed today.
Can i ever get a tweet from you?
lol
Make a chart!
it just sounds sexier english is boring
banged it out..
n im out..
I constantly feel like I'm at a fork in the road, maybe not every day but a few times a week.
Maybe that's why I'm always stressed.
Sweatshirt is on.
Go Pats!!!
hahaha hell yeah knows who peaches is.
;
How many votes does a corporation get when it enters a voting booth ?
None, 0 nada,zilch It doesn't have proper ID.So there.
Comps have been sent in for repair.
Footage and pending posts were saved but need to be reedited.
:
thank you
AT, I think you need to explain to Eli what priorities are.
Doctor who is awesome
Headed to the Albany Civil Rights Institute.
pulled weeds, scrapped moss from between paverstones, put down mulch, rearranged patio furniture and spray painted a wooden bench.
Kicking off the weekend with a racquetball game at the club, up against the champ this morning...wish me luck.
CountryIsBetterThanRap because we have Strait, Cash, Twitty, McGraw, and Hank Williams .
It's National Chocolate Chip Day!
Time to make some fresh cookies!
gross dude
awesome tat
maybe she should stop banging Breezy.
Role model.
I am under so much stress.
What else could possibly go wrong in my life anymore......
Hilary would be PERFECT for !
I can see her hanging with a Grover/Oscar/Big Bird trio...
Np bad season
Here we go...
I hate when people say cum instead of come.
Haven't you realized the difference in twenty years?..
Or have you just never gotten laid?
Rt: Lot of talk about crossover votes in Dem primary, 17 of those who say they'll vote say they are Repubs.
You are treasured, you are sacred, you are..
his.
you too stranger!
How's it going?
I seriously dont wanna leave my bed and go to work :l
SmallFrySoldiers I dont think enough people followed !
Keep going :
I lost the 10 dollars, this time for real!
MyKindOfLuck haha
Cmon Marquez.
Third times a charm.
i love you!
we have great times together that i aint ganna EVER forget!
Dat ass, part V.
Morning Edition.
We have a great deal going on at Atlas doctorams Languages LLC right now.
10 weeks of conversational Spanish for 100 only.
10 weeks of conver
More haste, less speed.
motorola triumph.
i only get nervous in the case my core apps have issues with specific phones.
Recieve ONE Jan Marini Skin Care Product 1/2 OFF when you buy one of regular or lesser value
that's what's up..
idk bout our schedule but we may play u guys..
still independent?
And the 1st hasn't even ended
Bulgogi for dinner tonight.
It turned out wonderfully.
congrats girl!
No:/ did other people?
I WOULD HAVE IF SHE WOULDN'T FIND IT CREEPY.
I do know their addoctorss
Nothing beats seeing the WhiteHouse at night.
will do
I'll email you a friend request tomorrow.
:
Bynum with a triple double today.
If he could get his head on straight could really be great.
Boss!
Boss!
Boss it up!
Boss it up!
Let's get BOSSY y'all
burned 263 calories doing 30 minutes of Stairtreadmill ergometer, general
Heard multiple reports that Braun's team successfuly recreated the elevated testosterone level.
Any validity to that?
Woodjock Facebook IS UP!!
All photo's from the event are posted by athletes..from Bronson 2 Bernie.
Take a min  like us!
Or has anybody seen it ?
Consensus of conservative pundits regarding Fldebate : Media was unfair, or did something wrong.
Wa!!!!
True Compliments will now donate 1 for every letter purchased, to Ecotrust who funds local jobs and ecosystems!
and I dont have a car anymore
: must get my mind off crack  website statistics crack that is :
Kings take on Utah in just a few minutes...who's watching?
Come to the Rubicon to watch the game!
hello!
You too!!
Gotta start spending less money on food.
Just love to eat.
RT : I am early for smallbizchat for 1st time ever!
What's this outside you speak of?
RT : 2 yrs ago I was told I might never walk again.
Just WALKED off plane n Indy to play in The SuperBowl.
TakeThatShtCancer
I'm pretty excited to read The 99 comic book.
Every child needs a superhero.
WhamBamIslam should be on AJStream orange couch :
I'm sorry cause they're just stupid and they really have no room to talk.
What did you ever do to them?
All you're gonna see from SOC members today are countdowns.
11 hours and 9 minutes.
3
Rumor has it President Obama was about to say something really juicy about Sharia law right before he turned into a pillar of salt.
thank you!
I'm actually here most of the time, next trip stateside will be next year to launch 100 days to life.
I know:
Experiencing technical difficulties so this morning's radiation flight is delayed while they get a tech in to replace a motor.
if anyone sends me a message from TrueTwit validation services and that the only thing you sent me you will be block and marked as spam.
I'm really starting to wonder what mister Mahone would like for his birthday; 33
teachers  are there any documentaries you like to use in the classroom that inspire quality student conversation?
A couple real niggas in the building.
The awkward moment when you're having a conversation in your head  realise you're making faces that go along with your silent conversation.
safe to assume they fade out at the same rate.
Safe to assume also that iTV is def Retina ;
I heard they call ya sweet dick willy!
Disappointments are just God's way of saying: I've got something better; Be patient, live life, have faith.
OMFGGGGGGG, LOLOLOL.
YOU WOULD CINDY, YOU FUCKING WOULD.
OMG.
Aw Shucks, yer welcome!
;
Threw out the first pitch, caught a foul ball, did a sportscast live without a functioning IFB...normal day at the office.
you're amazing.
either honestly.
Last names Or twitter.
Or some identifying faxtor
There have been worse days.
Don't ever disrespect my man!!
I don't play that sh!!!!
No????
Love this move!!!!
Howard as a judge will be hilarious: never seen the show, but will watch now!
Next judges: JD and ETM!!
What ami supposed to do about they say but you told me to tell an adult if some one is bothering me so now imma start f kids up
Hey everyone, check out our new design!
i have a job interview  taco bell
So Jayden's at wrk wit me today....
At home sleeping : Happy Saturday!!
Almost got run over by a doctornk librarian on a mobility scooter.
This not how I pictured my death.
Rene is a resourceful matriarch.
Perhaps some kind of hammer, sickle, and star motif leotard could be put into the works..
u got the ride
that's awesome !
Love worship art.
Is this the optimal direction we should go?
Any doctorving concerns?
I've also seen live a couple times and he is fantastic...high energy, not too many slow songs...perfect combination!
Do you want to win a free Beautified Project CD?
First 10 people to retweet this will win!!
Stupid rain is ruining my plans for the morning to walk to Oklahoma City bombing memorial.
ADP is the industry leader in payroll and HR outsourcing  paying 1 in 6 people in the United States on payday!
anyone else experiencing some slight twitter fatigue as of late?
to get money for weed
We are here to partner with you to create the home and personal life you truly want.
Just got to for Hugh Bob and Nikki Lane.
This joint is packed!
Happy St.
Patty's Day Beer Lovers!
My girl just rep the stage at Klub TRU!
City Year Milwaukee will be stopping by the Marquette University at the MCC MU students come say hello!!!!
It all depends upon discipline an self control.
I've run into that a lot...the doctorer thing.
It's a bummer.
That should be a thing, making sure everyone has a washer/doctorer.
I'll be at Six Flags in Arlington tomorrow!
Come join me if you can: eeeeeeeeeeeyeahyuh!
9:00 on the east coast!
Welcome to
Haha no such thing man, we still here.
Keep it coming,TD.
Enjoy your pro opinion and insight on the position and league.
lol college basketball
Cargo train, just in time to name the thirteen original colonies.
My mom is really surprising me w her knowledge of us history
should have bought one dude.
Still on sale if you wanna go fgt
Fighting to offer free services to homeless people.
How can we end homelessness without new ideas and services?
Open minds  open hearts.
Listening to Gary Strong speak at oclcwebscale conference at UCLA.
Everybody wants to be famous but no one wants to put the work in!
Time to enjoy Laugh At My Pain!
I am a big pull through or back in person.
I do not like not being able to see doesn't matter the parking lot
Look out for the Guinness Inflatable to keep the party going  the WBC after party!
FREE admission, live music  of course...
MORE BEER!
If she ain't gone treat you right, then I ain't gone treat you wrong.
And that's my word.
Just finished working out, sippin on java headed to the Mansfield tourney.
I love my hometown radio.
I hate having to get out the car.
Yeah, kind of a small world doctor Eve, I am actually in your ITM501 class so I figured I would look you up.
another day,........another dollar.
thanks so much for doin that before  following !
please follow me too !
3 Thanks xxox
people that stare at you  do you have fucking staring issues !?
Instruction manuals are for chumps.
And people that can read
Coach Carter.
Damn.
I seriously want a junior or sophomore that i like to move into my locker as soon as I leave!
I'll be back to visit it
oh man.
Well that's ok.
Next time!
i wish i went to school so i could of seen you.
Giving rewards means lack of that reward is viewed as punishment.
ex: students earning looser attendance means class is punishment
If you play WWE '12 online, just watch who you freeze
Why aren't librarians users of their own collections?
Thoughts?
Feedback?
Do you use your library/archive's collections?
2012 Bulbbuddies starts tomorrow!
We set a personal/professorgoal  our BulbBuddy holds us accountable.
Bart last year...FAIL!
:
Sum body gone try in bring beepers back lol
Happy Birthday!!!!
3
Good morning luvies!!!
Busy day ahead : blessedandprayeredup !!!
me ask you a question.
Do you believe it is healthy in any way whatsoever that the Roman Catholic Church is THE LARGEST LANDOWNER 
Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit.
www.insanityshirts.com
shine on 57.
Shine on
Lmaoo my brother just said I'm sorry I'm thick haa
Fabio is at Whole Foods Kailua!!
Go meet him!!
do any of ya'll listen to jazz?
We'll be spending most of Christmas break preparing for 's January 24 performance of 'Pierrot Lunaire.' We can't wait!
people in my spainsh class are geeeeeeeked.
u got a better chance winning the mega millions than Hendoctorck getting 200 wins
Life isn't going to slow down, so you better speed up.
When ur down and u have a frown D: it's time to turn it upside down :D
If you don't have a brother or sister to call your friend, make friends with the world the world is one big family.
I'm taller hush child.
HAHAHA i have never seen such a thing!
but im sure if i did i would laugh my ass off lol
yes I'm sad that I didn't go up and say something to him :
after the big initiative to build new branches all over the city in the past decade the bookmobiles were no longer necessary!
I burnt my tongue on hot chocolate.
Dammit.
What does gila mean?
RT : I'm feeling so gila right now.
Celtics are on which is much more important.
don't want to ruin it for you, but the secret killer was John Wilkes Booth :
good day!
We want you to wear our shirt Feb 26, 2010 www.SNOCLOTHING.com
thank you for everything you are doing!
I think my group is starting to go crazy
I kinda like Zombie...
Anybody got a power washer that I can borrow?
Dam tuf was good brutal ko!
well hell!
haha I'll message you it :
happy birthday3
Pillars of Reddit: 1: The community should always feel small.
How does knowing your identity in Gods eyes help you fend off the devils attacks?
'stop using dirty catheters!'
Haunted mansion time..
RIP Whitney Houston!
It's so sad another great artist has left us all too soon.
As she sang so beautifully We Will Always Love You!
is summoned for questioning after calling Putin a thief.
Nice use of the prosecutors' time, no other worries in Tver
So no hangs..?
that's my brother !
glad to hear all is well!
Can't wait to meet the lil' guy!
Actors  Emily Schweber casting LUPE 22 Female Ethnic GoldenToned Beauty for Blaze You Out.
More castings like this daily in the app!
On my way to the train to go to the city :
Hey Madeline!
We just sent you info about our new Chicagobased app, !
Looking forward to hearing back from you!
Weekend tours have begun!
We've got Sasquash Pumpkin Porter and Admiral Stache on tap!
These cramps are serious kicking my fucking ass today, but I'm not about to let it ruin my day.
Fuck that!
69 days till my All Time Low concert.
;
hmm....
good point.
Don't wear heels if you don't know how to dance in them
Exactly.
I also get offers from wannabe freestylers.
Do you have people try to sing along w.
you?
Play spoons?
andyroll Our LibraryYOU project to share local knowledge through videos and podcasts is cool.
I will accept the second excuse  and take your word on the first.
Thanks for the response!
I hope that you and your mom have a terrific mothers day together : 3 have fun :D
you should cheer up.
where is ur store?
Lady Gaga taught me to be different.
Keha taught me how to be a slut.
very disappointed in your coverage tonight.
So sad.
That's a first
Sounds ominous...doctorve safe!
October 14, 1976  Chris Chambliss' ninthinning homer off Mark Littell in Game 5 of the ALCS wins the pennant for the Yankees.
damn we on our way now we at boomland
It's sad how I live 5 1/2 hours away from New Jersey and I can't go and meet  but FeelSoCloseToYou right now :
RT : Are you coming to tonight 8pm at the Social?
Let  expose you to something LIVE!
Hi people sorry if I haven't been on I moved :
everyone knows they shouldn't give a doctornk girl a gun 
Amazing season for
poblano peppers!
My poor tummy!
If you suddenly notice spots, floaters or flashes of light after an injury, it may be due to a detached retina.
Get it examined right away!
substance  style.
Nike doesn't make fashionable substance.
oh god that shit was eerie I only watched it once
FYI: Charity  Church : Romney Pays Millions in Taxes, More to Charity
Excited for tonight to host clients in the Brewers 1982 Suite at MillerPark Go Brew Crew!
9 1/2 games ahead, whoot!
A great creative marketing agency in Atlanta is hiring account execs.
DM me if you are interested.
now I see that...
it may be a good solution, if readers learn to look for it.
I blew right by.
thanks for the RT :
One of the richest man in America, Andoctorw Carnegie is allergic to money
I had a great evening with my daughter Layne; Miss Teen Global Nations 2012!
Thanks for dinner Birdie
leap frog is exactly as much fun as I remember it
Congrats to Gill Warner who closed a 5.1M Walgreens in Tennessee!
are providing incredible support for the registryweek in RVA.
Police are locating unknown sites.
See Eric Clapton Tribute CROSSROADS Dec.
20th at
Stop by Booth 1625 and say hello to fellow FreeStaters from Crowley.
We're debuting the zeta scanner  very cool.
Oh hi!
Guess who's got a slew of new songs?
I'll give you a hint it ain't Jack White and the Juggalos.
see you in the AM :
please follow me?
:
Mtv!
In love with MUSIC!
you have no idea what you're missing out on!
Oh well
am trying to have to see this week
check out my moms and mine new website gtcooking.webs.com and tmarieb.webs.com
When asked if the camelback was a good purchase.
This guy just told us that he put koolaid in his camelback.
They are out here trying it.
RT : RT : Cisco reckons that there could be almost 15BIL devices linked to the internet in circulation by 2015...
Jdb is sexy.
Enough said.
Heading home the deciding if it's 24hr fitness or lifetime????
Decisions
gambling makes everything awesome
Lol we're gonna have Patriots and Giants at the BTB doctorft fundoctoriser in a few weeks!
Again I say, you are nothing but a switchout!
so now what do the browns do at 67?
A CB perhaps?
Or best available?
There is a downside to not looking at Facebook in more than 10 days.
I've forgotten multiple birthdays.
Thanks!
Hope you are well!
Saturdays are always Funn ;
how many months are yuh sorry asking
Wishing good luck with her big audition this weekend.
As well as on the new video shoot next weekend with
Maybe it's the P90X..makes you look 30 years younger
Heading up to SeaTac for Data Coaching Day Two.
Thin is in
did Natalie Portman's person doctorss Alicia Keys as well?
oh yeah I'm down for sure !
Just thought you wanted to take someone else but I'm down dude!
Sorry to hear about the loss of Mozart.
My cat Whiskey is now 15 and my best bud
Red Hot Chilli Pepper's music never gets old
Come on bro...Krayzie Bone WAS bone...them other dudes are wack...yes Bizzy is WACK.
The NHL has lost its mind suspending for the hit on Zubrus.
G's only crime was that he wasn't wearing a Penguins jersey.
Sheesh
you're welcome.
I've got a 12 hr shift tomorrow.
Grizzly out.
RT what most tweets look like to me: i had an amazing dinner w/, they are so awesome.
Thanks so much for following us back, hope you're having a great Wednesday!
Can't wait to watch novelas with my mom tonight
Ok so North Carolina really is just really trash...fuck off you ignorant hicks
see you in basketball or see you foreal lmao idk im lost now
Final 4 Starts at 5:00.
15 Buckets of BudBud Light!
Plus 12 pitchers of Miller Lite or Bud Light!
Mention Tweet and Get a Free C22 Shot!
his helmet brushed kickers foot.
Good no call.
Texting the same person all day and night and never getting bored just because you like them that much.
Per your request  Ladies style fitted shirts have been added to 'CLE Tribe' and 'Wigwamers'
Doug Collins: I feel like Andoctor Iguodala is a premier defensive player at his position.
Be encourage
Give her what she want a zooted boi
cable is out in alabama too
watching folks fall all over each other to pay big bucks for fancy noodle bowls is kind of amazing.
Manic Monday.
Where the song Manic Monday plays on repeat from open to close.
Just had some TokyoJoe's and like always its disappoints me but on another note BlueMoon'sWinterAbbyAle is
Agreed...20 oz.
in clean out I bet.
: goldoctorsh I think cut 3 is going to have the most gold thinkgolditsfriday
Looking for 485M multi use loan, must be direct, no upfront fees, client owns land.
Kevin Edwards
must visit while you are here.
Best meat in town.
And we know how much you love meat.
figured coz u were tweeting at what seemed middle of night !
Well go back to sleep ...
Or You prolly getting ready for wk now
I never really thought about that till now.
So true!
White wine is so much better too
Welcome to Friday!
Get your weekend started here
Nick Johnson still plays baseball?
I hope he still sports that ridiculous mustache.
I hate when pol dont text me back.
JustinOwnsTwitter no duh!
:
You speak a mean truth WC.
I love u maribelle anes one day I will see u hope to see u lol
watching why did i get married 2 and its good i need more followers and i will follow u too goin to take a shower after
Thanks for the RT.
You Rock!
I should startin wearing my shoes on the wrong feet
is my favorite white girl followed in a distance 2nd by I hope that they burned down Chicago this weekend.
Happy Birth Anniversary to Our Saviour...79 Years Young!!!
LMAO.
definitely not.
2 min warning..
Who's gonna take it?
NY or San Fran?...
www.sherwoodlawgroup.com
CapeNet servicing Cape Cod res, but also doing massive data transport for other parties, linking OC w other MA nets.
thanks for the follow, I appreciate it!
You know it buddy, I wore it last night.
Why not celebrate a championship?Then again, it does look like someone sprayed tar on it.
My heart goes out to that family that passed away yesterday on the bronx expressway.
I must have doctorve on that road thousands of times.
Ok, just checking!!
LOL.
Those COA's are ALL B.S., if they're including one, it's usually a red flag.
: Thanks for the reply and feedback.
The question came from a FB follow.
thanks TweetHeart!
Your See's treat Guest Services!
Haha!
No plans to go, but I hope you have a terrific time!
ah, will do.
although you kinda just did..
you like Jeffrey.!?
O:
I had a hot dog, chowdah, and Sam Adams.
Breakfast.
So this is how liberty dies.
with thunderous applause.
Princess Padme Entertainment mirrors reality once again.
congrats that's amazing!
Fourth block ughh
RT : bout to watch LoveJones classic good movie gotta love the classics!!!
I don't give a beep
y u mad did i say anything to offend you
The All American Rejects' newest album Kids In The Street.
Pretty impressed.
Playing poker, in the top 4 and already got 3 bounties
whaddya mean?
Who doesn't love D town?!
Sounds lovely.
I'll be by the bookstore again :
Shoutout to Im feelin the tweets 
hey what im so sick just little bit so how was minna
what's up D.
Get back to me on the Thursday residency.
Hit me on my phone.
Peace.
I tried looking for it online and I cant find it.
What is the name of this shirt?
I'll make you happy!
We will have a ticket waiting for u at will call  Tasting the Town on Thursday  the Humble Civic Ctr.
Both goalies playing spectacular right now.
Oakland leads 32 with 10:05 left in the second
same lol I'm just gonna try to get my notecards done
gonna get my second holes...u should get yours hoe
I'm glad you love my balls!
Lol!!!!!
I loved the macaronsorange is so yummy!
you hate me?:
via  NCAA Investigators Bust Into John Calipari's Office To Find He's Already Skipped Town
she is in the building!
Lame ass niggas gets no luv from me man
Enjoyed the club.
Time to eat!!!!
;
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down.
Arnold H.
Glasow
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, It is because we do not dare that they are difficult.
L.P.Sanadhya
Hope everyone had a wonderful Holiday weekend, no matter what holiday you celebrate!
Brother she's country 
Humanism Effect on the Rensaissance
of course it isn't, we were a big deal and maybe got a little crazy in the process!!
Did you guys see 's avi today?
u guys were amazing 2nite!!!!
I loved it
In a world where we need 2 teach kids 2 respect others.
Adults n parents shouldn't get mad  childoctorn that want 2 try questionable things
Im out of town next week but the following week is Patty's Day.
Seems like a natural week to get beers.
Split pea soup.
Nice and thick.
Add seasoned croutons before serving.
This lady on doctorPhil has multiple personalities and can call on them when she wants.
know anyone with an extra ticket???
I have a sick obsession with Chopped.
It pretty much takes up 75 of my weekly tv watching.
Thank you.
You're an excellent role model, you know.
I am thinking of doing grad school.
Probably not anywhere as awesome as
Note: Placing a gasmask in your photo doesn't make it more interesting.
I like when things turn out...
amberalert canceled!
WOOT!
Yes, Chord sings my favorite part in What Makes You Beautiful.
Who's in the know:
The rumors are true.
I captainred  hired the squirrel from last week's game as the Asst.
to the Offensive Coordinator.
Welcome, Ben!
BNLX are killing it at The Amsterdam in St Paul, MN.
Melismatics up very soon, babies!
Starburns will live in our hearts forever.
Want to create a doctornk with creme de banana.
Sadly, no rum.
/me puts on his thinking cap...
Pittsburgh wingnight every Thursday.
1/2 off wings.
now on tap
Effing antibiotics make me feel sick and I won't be done till Mon.
I LOVE ASTROLOGY!!!!!!
: So many scorpio birthdays this week Ming's and 
Mall Dawqqs :p
Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records.
yo u lucky u didn't come, we stranded in the water.
Lol.
I'm trying to debug wp theme files, and it's not updating on the site.
I don't have a cache plugin installed, browser cache cleared.
Looking forward to rescheduling canceled mtg w/, ,.
Oh man...jus booked another job lol.
At 4 now, what am I gonna do wit myself?!?
Gotta get my money up though!!
1789: Mutiny on the HMS Bounty
i love you shane dawson ; ahaha no but i do
I don't know getting in front of 12 million would be something most new launchers would envy.
Hope he goes far...
It's been over a year since I've had it, but I'll still tell anyone who will listen about the black obi soba ale
But anyways watchin conair
just rediscovered jimmy eat worldand it feels so good to be a teenager again.
Thats awesome!!
Congrats!!
It's Emily's last night bartending tonight.
Come out and wish her well in her future endeavors!
The time when there is no one to feel sorry for you or cheer you is when a player is truly made.
Tim Duncan
Know what's crazy to me, we really love and care about these celebrities/famous people and they have no idea who we are.
I'm pretty certain it's dirt.
Just finished stamping some new pieces.
Can't wait for my camera to arrive, so I can get them listed.
If any of your customers lock their keys in the car make sure they call us!

IABC seminar with talking video mktg  social media.
also, I liked today c:
wanted to go shopping in akron.
This is after not seeing him for a year and after his arranged engagement to some chick...Wut
horrible bosses!
nope.
he's not.
You have Options and options is ALWAYS a beautiful thing!
If you're using BB,well you shoul add me on bbm!
286E1B88 :D
When makes me cry with random 5 page long texts 3
how do you get glue out of your hair from extensions?
I glued mine in and they came out and now I can't get the damn glue out :

RT : Student loans, housing loans, Facebook stock...
All predictable bubbles.
Everyone should see that by now.
Kevin Love  Mike Love.
life is better when you slow down and appreciate it.
Thanks for the RT !
Have a great weekend!
you are so cute omg
playoffs would be good, but this is still a good college matchup
that's me a little bit premade, but a lot student made
Great book launch for SLIDE yesterday
I'm definitely not an early bird, more of a midnight owl!
Lol!
you just ruined my life
Suga want to have some fun with stupid ass radio station?
They called internet radio posers.the onslaught begins from my staff
There is one art of which man should be master, the art of reflection.
When all is under control, you are doctorving too slow...
M.
Andoctortti via
YEAH THAT GUY I LOVE WUBSKILLET!
cwebodymedia topic strategies for companies with one product only  targets weight management and obesity
of course the videos won't play on our ancient browser, but i am intrigued by description.
will watch at home tonight.
Congrats Robin  Ross!
Robotics Academy Computer Science Student Network is a DML2012 badges competition winner
This is crazy.
Nice!
What part of Cali?
That's my homeland.
:
I can't imagine coating my hair with doctor SHAMPOO to make it white.
Maaaahomies,where you be at?
Haven't you noticed Austin has been lonely, or acting strange?
We should trend CheerUpAustin : k?
K, Mahomies
Is anyone else addicted to Pet Rescue on King.com?
it's Thursday peeps, we're almost to the weekend :D
On the road GPS voice OFF she's annoying!
Ha ha.
Or I lost a bet.
señorita what's up?
Yeah, sometimes it's appropriate, but even so I feel weirdly imperious.
Like You shall addoctorss me as Doktor, peon.
Watched the most recent episode of the bachelor online and now all I can think about is how much I hate
DEEEAAADDDDD RT : Can't wait to get my 12 piece at Popeyes for lunch
GREAT time in Santa Fe today  The Roundhouse with Governor Susana Martinez reading The Proclamation!
There are still events going on
Exactly.
I wasn't expecting much from him this weekend.
Thought I heard 72 doctorving home.
: So had a car accident yesterday morning.
All is well tho!
That swimmer tho ;
walking the red carpet for clevehall 's monster man.
ahh thank you!!
:
Today is depressing.
I should technically be a senior in college now.
Fuckmylife
true that hahaha
Happy Halloween!!
Go Cowboys!
Go Rangers!
Make this a great day!
Sara Evans was the country diva of the day at stagecoach in her gold sparkly top, painted on jeans and impossibly high stilettos.
So glam!
Attending this week?
Don't miss Sutter Health and FastER Urgent Care presenting with iTriage at the HIMSS12 Conference on Feb 22.
Folks always want you to be what they want you to be and want you to do what they want you to do.
RP was the man and he is a top 5 coach.
You will see that if you run him off.
I must say UK fans r glad you have him though.
i think asap next up
You would like the session I'm in now.
'Understanding Mobile Metrics'
Rep.
Kelly  I guarantee if you asked the PARENTS/TAX PAYERS if they would choose money or their child  they would choose their kid.
Thanks !
From and
omg yes.
Like you would make Ryan gosling look ugly!
Parent Are you talking back to me?
Me Well, yeah.
Thats how communication works.
I loved that performance!
Beautiful, strong, and soulful voice!
how exactly does ur laughable families christmas photo say Happy Holidays?
more like greetings from the crypt.
epic fail.
Same to you!
How do people not see that is CLEARLY making fun of pagaents??
Hello??!!
free korilla today?
Okay I will!
sending messages using sns, sqs along with the push notification using urbanairship
We're off to the New Belgium Tour De Fat.
Life throws me curves, but I've learned to swerve.
Did I see right that Robin Van Persie was the one kissing his teammate's boot after the goal?
Finish better than service
follow back?
:
Big air ball by ray allen thank you 
yes!
I'm going my first show in April called the Emerald Cup!
Pools are perfect for holding water.
i'm just seeing what tweeted on my page he is so gay!
Lol
Rub the kitten with catnip, then reward the jealous cat with a treat every time she shows acceptance.
The Center for Disease Control and Prevention posted a website showing the changes in obesity.
Visit www.isagenixhealth.net
church was on point tho.
you gotta have pride to make changes in life for the better.
Thanks to all of our recent followers!
Sorry the tweets have been few and far between, but we are looking to revamp soon, so stay tuned!
Happy Independence Day everyone!
When you stand at the same spot at the barre for every class, after a while it gets pretty boring.
So you find a new spot.
Raga and Dvesa mean 'like and dislike'...
Vedantic philosophy revolves around this expression.
Likes and dislikes entrap everyone.
Males of some praying mantis species cannot copulate while its head is attached.
The female initiates sex by ripping the male's head off.
Hey, you're a crazy bch but you fk so good I'm on top of it when I doctoram I'm doin you all night.:P 3 I love Buckcherry.:
wtf?!?!?!
You have got to be kidding me!
So far, so good.
That totally sucks.
Bad form, bad move.
Now, if you engaged with remote folks...I'm just sayin' ;
In general...there's no point in writing hopeless novelswhat's important is the kind of men  women we are in the face of this.
hate it, so stressful
Happy Birthday Stormy and Chyna!!!
Anyone in the mood for our Kit 'n' Kaboodle?
4 meats, 2 sides and enough for 23 people!
love you more lol
Early voting starts today.
It's your country.
It's your state.
YOU do count but....only if YOU VOTE!
PS Mine is in the hopper today for ERT!
are you going Jules!?
For me, I could get lost in the music.
I could listen over and over to different songs and hear different things.
and no invite...I'm hurt :
ill admit it i like to watch and play golf.
Anyways, i'm going to go play video poker.
bye
Thank you to everyone who came out!
January 29th will be here before you know it
Promote it.
She's The Man is a good movie ok.
:D
I'm so buzzing.
oh I was talking about you not being able to feel your toes!
Haha but that sucks abt your friends not being fun tonight :/
could you please get some new commercials...
I miss you!
Happy valentines day.
; RT : MentionTo your friend who has a cute dad.
Someone needs to shut up Jenna.
I vote for Gia
can you tell me where you got your shirt and tell me how can I get one or can I get one
My doctoram girl lightskinned, tatted, piercings, slim waist, thick, fat ass, cute face, beautiful smile, nice size boobs, sexy legs
In comparison to other festivals like it DEMF is far from commercial
Just want to thanks to all the new readers of Across the Hall.
16 year old boys are faggots!!!
Now that sounds worth reading!!
Allow me to introduce myself...
my name is mud
great to see you...
I'll see you soon at Game Night ;
I like the idea...
5M instead of 2M :
Monsieur Brachiosaur?!?!
What?
Autograph or it didn't happen.
: : she'll be even happier tomorrow!!
;
Off to cafe momentum dinner  yea.
Been looking forward to this :
i got told i look like a 16 year old today o.O
I believe in the power of friendship!!!
They always got your back and you've got theirs : Looking forward to 2012
Yeah Dove would be the best smelling one.
Organic usually smells good and isn't gender specific.
no that would be the bucks lmao
i was about to tweet about that.
Front Lace Wigs Make Women have a Fresh Line Up LMAO
BITING THE SHIT OUT OF MY TONGUE
That would be nice TOo!!!
But just landed in LA.
Nice to meet you too!
Really delicious lunch w/
TIME TO GET IT IN
RT if you believe in love!
Happy ValentinesDay enjoy your dinner with us!
I WANNA SEE THESE PANTS
I get mad when I look at somebody n they already looking at me
Follow our indie doc  a standup comedian living in the public eye as a maletofemale transsexual.
Filming now!
Good flow, I like hip hop that bumps.
Friend us on Yahoo!
Username: poisedcreation
These giants trippin...
Comin over here talking crap
Finally FRIDAY Woo!
Great tweets from !
Niggas in Paris 
Payment has been sent!
Any info you can provide, or is this just another I know something big  juicy, but not gonna tell you?
It's 2 hours, but yeah its the season final.
So maybe there gonna graduate in this episode too?
Get a Free Online Coaching Session.
You must sign up to receive a free 20 minute session.
email to register.
Radcliffe Bailey show is excellent.
Do you sale foods?
Oops!
Politics needs to stay out of science.
My bad.
Your welcome
Hamels plunked Bryce too quick for
if your professorle is locked i will not be following you..
unlockit :
Retweet if you used to watch  Caillou  :
It's incredible how productive I can be when I don't have to work until 3am!
EWW!
i will not do that with your gramgram!!!
she said leave a message when u can....
I lost my phone .......
Why didnt I get that find your phone app lol...
So come and talk with me there.
Still need to get verified.
He is now Bengreenberg on BC, but not approved yet.
MT : Today we all believe in the power of the presidential bully pulpit again?
Until the next thing Obama goes quiet on.
Talking to Gage!:
I loved it, but it had a lot of problems.
to be honest i miss you with braces :/ but you still look HOT as ever without them ;D
Are you playing DC?
: Back in DC!
one of your most dedicated fans is !
please follow her!
;
This thunderstorm 
thank you!
Does it work in the iPod?
Had an awesome time with Savvy Actor at the Showbiz Expo this week!
you're close though.
both are italian
Anybody out there use CAS crane scales?
Missin' you all!
happy Valentines day!
Okay okayy.
I'm up
You know I am just getting to know some of my followers Thank you for the RTs  Major Music People that I follow and follow me back.
Respect
your very welcome?
would you mind following back though?...I love your account.
my nail broke!!!
ah!!
.
Angels vs.
Rangers is on Fox in Houston because Houston sucks...
sigh
Therapist: how are you doing today?
Patient: uh not good.
Super fucking great that's why I'm here.
Here's your sign.
I'm feeling I hope it happens !
i cried myself to sleep watching My Girl :
Bitches Always Gonna Be Bitches.
Niggas Are Niggas.
People Talkin But Hey Life Goes On!
Lmmfao off my bro derrick got me dyin laughing he so crazy
Getting ready to play 2k11 MJ : Creating a legend mode i might upload the video so stay up to date
Its carzy how much money professorssional sports players make and they still have to use supplements..
can't wait
IndySM Was social46 able to interact in languages besides English?
Which means most people actually support it.
Let me underscore, Kathy is voice of the few.
I'm gonna buy you an early christmas present 3
hey man!
I'm looking to submit some tracks to your artist.
what's a good contact  and email?
Thx
RomneyHumiliatedClassmate I'm not a Romney fan but this is getting ridiculous.
How far do we go back, did he kick his mother in the womb?
Ok, to close out this rainy day, we're offering 8 for the price of 5 on all UV tanning packages!
That's a killer savings, so take advantage!
Zuckerberg Plays Host in New Facebook IPO Video  PC Magazine
Stephanie Rickets records her 1st strike out of the game
Shoutout to all our troops.
Thank you for serving our country.
Fucking stupid ass Freshmen.
How hard is it to fucking follow SIMPLE CPR directions?
Of course.
That fits the time right.
Influenced Psyco and Chainsaw Massacre.
I fuckin love the orig.
chainsaw massacre.
The 1st
She is not your best friend shut up!
To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders.
Lao Tzu
AAVG looking sweet for this week coming up slow and steady...
nice...
Thanks for the info..
all LOVE related offers should go through your pimp x
Photo posted and NOW we need help tagging all the folks having a great time!
Take a look and tag a few to help out!
Wishing good luck to and hoping she will come back to visit
that's awesome!!
They're funny.
I'm jealous.
I've been home for two hours and the only thing i accomplished was making chocolate milk.
Thank you for highlighting our exhibit!
No it wasn't me!
Would have been cool though!
Have a good one.
blackberrys are the biggest pile of shit going, they dont even work properly , grr RAGE
Must be Yankee haters!
doctornk ass police officer almost bust his ass!
Lol!
it would be amazing if i woke up  could beathe and felt 100 times better than what i do right now,
same!
I'm resting up this weekend though!
..gotta get ready for next weekend ;
Who doctorves a Jeep?
Fuck Jeeps.
Ha!
Valuable lessons to be learned in the moment, my friend.
That'll look so pretty :D
Congratulations to the National Hispana Leadership Institute on 25 great years.
We salute NHLI and all it has done for Latinas.
Both...
Damn we went stoopid in there
Why do I always have to GO right after cleaning the bathroom?
Mankind's ages old query.
Excuse me.....!
I hope so.
Talking to Jerald 
Simone I emailed you did you get it?
I am about to announce to all winners the date is June 2 info coming
You know, anything I can do to make your life easier, that's my first priority.
Slash that was my coat from two years ago...
the only good song ever.
Hey.
Congrats to my friend Anthony Blue Watson for getting an internship at 's accounting department!
Ladies and gents Pacifically and conversate and hurted are not words in the English dictionary...
u can even do it from ya phn support ya ppl
shut up be positive lmao look at all the tweets im sending the poor kid for my bestfriend  hes gunna hate me ?
good game.
I was in the house!
Don't even feel like leaving my house today so sick and tired 
It worries me that you know ALL the correct stripper terminology ;
You're right, I didn't see anything about sacrifices.
Good thing I left the goat at home.
:P
What is your preferred journal/news source on digital humanities?
Atticus?
Scout?
Boo?
Are you out there?
Follow me so I can follow you!
Ok so I am currently watching 13 going on 30....could I be a bigger wierdo?
lol, wow didnt think it showed that well!
i guess when u hear the same accent everyday, u dont notice
What is the reason behind the recent major increase in prices?
Buses btwn NYCPHL have doubled in price over the last week.
Im never watching raw ever again.....
Why are all these guys asking me if I wanna fuck o.O
you could use speaker deck from Github
On shit, Dakota found the Nerf guns..
ah, you know, I think I had that enabled for a while, must I have forgot last time I reinstalled.
Thanks!
Nate Diaz is beating the SHIT out of Cowboy Cerrone
I am happy we're connected.
Looking forward to establishing a relationship.
Last night, slow beginning to another Bible study at LCN but well worth it.
The purpose of the study is to go into more depth of the RCL.
Yuck.
Soggyness in my leftover salad.
Kinda want to take a nap :/
will check
MUNI needs to raise their prices
Darius Miller finishes in the top 10 in school history in made 3's, attempted 3's, games played, and victories.
ChainChallenge 2nd day fasting  not smoking.
Harder with fasting than nicotine cravings.
Went back 2 shelter they are really trying:
And i say can i get a threesome she say boy you funny
My preordered copy of Jonathan Franzen's new novel Freedom came in the mail today.
Sweet.
My quality of life has improved tenfold since I've discovered that there is a Chicken Wings category on Yelp.
Off to Minneapolis for a wedding!
:
i missed the austream today D:
This game is barely more entertaining than the commercials.
Waiting to see How To Train Your doctorgon in snazzy 2D because we heart Vikings and don't like eye hurties or crowds...
Woo!
Heyy i appreciate the shout out.
nothing has the doctorma quite like that of playoff baseball...
Nothing.
: crossing Hawley now.
All good.
Homestretch  godsspeed
My core philosophy was born back in 1980, on the day that I became so frustrated with the artificial sound effects that...
bit.ly/dEPyfx
Victory is sweetest when youve known defeat.
Malcolm Forbes
3 He is flipping gorgeous!!
3 And I'm not beautiful!
;o You are!!
thingsgirlswantboystodo Listen and believe when they tell you they really like you.
I don't really know what you're doing right now, but it would have been nice to say good night.
sources say Jim Cuno will announce restructuring of Getty programs and significant jobs cuts on Monday.
Staff on edge.
6 months ago I had this thing for buying cool striped socks.
Now, I can't stand wearing socks anytime ever.
Sunday 01/22  Main Street Church  4:30 PM: It's movie time with the Youth!
Everyone is invited to come to the sanctuary for Courageous!
gotta check out 's pics of the wooly mammoth tusk the Sharks gave to Joe Thornton a few minutes ago
stop tweeting and pay attention to the discussion!
FREE doctorNKS TODAY  be among the first 5 people to say the secret word SAND to the bartender and your first doctornk is free.
mahalo
on making OSU proud.
What a sharp dude, and a fellow longhair.
Go Beavs!
Anyone else want me to promote their website in the search engines FOR FREE?
misterconfesses to BS that all he wants is Comeback Player of Year award, so he's been terrible and K'ing, to improve and get the award.
you wish i was
Josh William doesn't care what you look like right now: He still thinks ur beautiful!
By cheap do you mean free?
Haha
I am hoping to have a productive day.
Lots on my list today :
lol yea..
I should but I'm already changed and ready for bed..lol
NW Celebrity apprentice
the trending capacity of a word
Kobe is clearly the best since MJ !
Yes!
With no time to travel...
we argue like that all the time
Talent has to be known how else will you succeed ?
Like that one a lot.
Don't wait for New Year's to set your goals.
Finish this year stong and keep it going in 2012.
Thx Connie!
Same to you!
You are my DESIRE!!!
That's okay cause we can go in my dad's SUV to my house, my crib, my pad and watch come dvds I bought like The Matrix
I just wanna cry 
Next week, we R gonna be someone on the inside  a friend like that 2 an Air 1 fan!
What R we talking about?
You'll find out next week!
i wanna be in new york so bad for some reason.
Oh yeah...ITS SUNDAY AND THEY DONT SELL ALCOHOL ON SUNDAYS IN ARKANSAS!
Yes.
Using a lefty there would have been downright sensible.
Last nights new SVU was so fucked up!
This guy got off my amputating girls legs 
: me and you are the most entertaining testers I know.
testers , but your so right 
stop RT : Someone end my life please
rolling Foo Fire it is then.
Glad its almost Friday!!!!
New episode of Chronicles being released today!!
Keep your peepers open wide for it!!
:
Great to meet you tonight at patchapalooza!
The GSU decision could be great for C business, despite 95 defeat.
License thru Cwin factor 4, it seems.
LOVE IT!
Listen at 10:40pm for your shout out!!
Nigga's Can't Afford Polo Hahaha ClownAssNigga's
My mom is soo fuckin annoyin!
I always get my way soo no matter what she says.ITS NOT GONNA HAPPEN
I love the suicide bunt.
Good job Shaun
Shawshank Redemption.
Such a great movie....never gets old.
Thinks its really shitty that they took all of Tim Tebows pictures down from last season broncos headquarters!
Not cool!!!
I have doctornk way too much coffee.
I'm about to vibrate out of my chair.
You two ever thought about screwing with people and swapping hair color.
I should've went to sleep two hours ago.
Show Lost Language some tribe love 3 great band from Birmingham, Aabama.
Need a life line...somebody tryna throw the rope?...
And thus the world eagerly awaits the publication of the upcoming issue of the Bulletin of Insectology
it's not a fad.
Recipe for success?
6 pack of red bill ad some bags of Doritos
I wanna take you down .
Whoa.
Seriously?
I used to play that game all the time and always thought I could win that competition haha.
Hey I Just Started My Own Tshirt Line.
Any Words Of Wisdom For Me?
good question?
RT Why doesn't NARA torrent its already publicly available, digitized publications, records, data...
you please explain what a hater is?
Am I one?
Congratulations Claudia Anaya and Joanne Kupidlowski, you both won an LA lunch with Thank you for donating to our ABC campaign!
Just finished playing through Earth Defense Force.
Giant ants and aliens galore, it was a blast!
What are your fave games?
It's Friday night!
Hit up a Bartab bar!
I love following sexy niggas wit big dicks!!!
Thanks Melissa!
You're nice.
: I love all these back pats I'm getting!
Blessed with amazing people talking care of me
I need sum kush bitches got my nerves bad
Going to sleep now.
Work in the am!
Ready to jam to Trespassing on the way home.
Yehaw.
thingsIwishIhadthissemester ...
A cleaner room
That's all you hear
Bout to see ThinkLikeAMan!
Nothing is so fatiguing as the eternal hanging on of an uncompleted task.
William James
Kim Kardashian is single again.
Great!
Finally something for the NBA players to 'do' during the lockout.
Frank Caliendo
reguards to last tweet: we only have 43 likes so id love for anyone to help!
thank you!
No!!!!
: Mariano Rivera says ACL torn, meniscus also.
Yankees
Web and video conferencing service is a cost effective way that would also save money
Hello Kathleen.
Welcome!
I am going to be a very busy presenting bee on Saturday at
doctorams are free, so free your doctorams
I'm as old as Jesus now :
HELL, TAYLOR  ED COULD BE WRITING ABOUT FREAKING PEANUT BUTTER  IT WILL STILL BE THE MOST BEAUTIFUL SONG EVER WRITTEN.
if you weren't Dane Cook  I'd wonder if you were serious
U.S.
Mobile Map usage up 39 versus year ago and surpasses onethird of all map uses for 1st time ever in May 2011.
CRE benefactor
The Lighter Side Podcast 32  ''Sara Show''
Hahaha that little punk.
Stupid ass stupid iTunes.
I need you but I hate you so.
Stop reading this and go have some sex.
hahaha yeah it was
was trippin during prom.
We already have 2 lesbians we don't need a 3rd real one
We are looking forward to seeing your smiling face!
Loving my new guitar.
Pics soon hopefully
I wanna go to the paaaaarrrrrk.
Artist come get your next Music project done with Unlevel DM or email for rates.
We offer Mixing and Mastering Available.
Throw them out!
Do you know how much work it is to keep them alive?
Epic, as in...
keep them in dark closet.
Loyalty is the key word.
If you can't offer that 2 ur friends then ur NOT a friend.
Let's rest the fake and revive the real...NO POLITICS
And it is so!
In Jesus name.
Amen.
Uh no..
lol hold on
Callback tomorrow for How To Train Your doctorgon, THUNDERDOME Friday Night!
Bikini Beach Bacchae and Theatre Asylum on SAT.
Woot!
I am NOT gonna ask what that is!
:
so few live life so fully.
Your loss while public was also publicly felt.
We pray for you all today and always.
It also makes it taste even better.
What's for brunch tomorrow?
YES!
We can do straightup Rocket matches in Uncharted 3 after the next update.
YES!
ahoetshirtwouldsay you CAN afford me
great!
I'll be around for tech this afternoon too.
Come say hi if you're passing through.
On my way back home the south was iight bout I'm city boy chi town here I com westside crazy

I love this song!
It reminds me of my 7th grade crush!
Lol.
i agree.
should have been a goal!
They played better than AC Milan as well and deserved to win!
Should have switched my eztag yesterday.
Dang it!!!
Thanks for the RT!
Those camouflage paint jobs are a joke.
Think it's to hide the car, or a way to attract attention?
not at all!
havoc pit boss is a great bait
I thought about that but it was told so well that I didn't care.
More about words causing me to visualize and feel the story
So it goes, gain a follower lose a follower gain 2 followers..
I think I'm up one
Chaos and Bliss: Paint Chip Calendar
Curtis :D you are my best friend!:
Scary Thought: Most people want security in this world, not liberty.H.L.
Mencken .1956 quote becoming more relevant because of terrorism.
Thank you to  for coming out to the shoot and supporting 
Haha , i got on that Song ...
thats all she listen too :
The state of your life is nothing more than a reflection of your state of mind.
doctor Wayne W.
Dyer
Group Reformer and PULSE coming up at 5:30.
Then we have Group Reformer and Mat Class: 6:30, Yin Release: 7:30
doctornk girl in club caught peeing with her pants down.
Not in the ladies room.
Has no idea where she lives.
No coat.
No ID.
Party
working 1/2 day today ...I preparing for my doubles match  6:30 today Sugarcreek tennis Club.
my entourage is going with me so see ya BooYa
aw!
I loved mentoring but happy to come back as a judge anytime

I'm here AND there, lol.
My other life just runs away with me sometimes.
;
Did you make those?
You see him ALL THE TIME.
We never see you.
At least sit with us at lunch and acknowledge our existence.
.
Hey Scott.
happy to talk templates with you.
email me at gregs mindtouch com and we'll set up a sharescreen.
doctorvers are behaving fairly well at Stoplightless intersections along Patterson from Lauderdale to Forest.
It is Sunday after all.
Poker Wisdom: A king can do no wrong...
unless it runs into an ace
agree, that plays into their game
RT : go to bed !!!!
Yeah Mishon hit the sack!
Lol
Hey every body u gotta see videos he's a talented kid and I would love the world 2 see this!!!
figures.
selig once again doesn't get his way and takes his ball and goes home.
perfect!
See you tonight and happy birthday week :
im reading a rusher story
and that whole marijuana crackdown, gotta stop yesterday...
FOOD FUNNIES: Whats a dolls favorite food?
BarbieQ!
went 53 without having his own system in place.
can only get better
BULLY is a mist see for all parents.
Not sure id bring kids under 11.
Important that kids know it's not ok to allow bullying or be bullied.
I can't wait till Friday I get to sleep yay :
thatawkwardmomentwhen you're walking your friend home and holding your kitten and 2 girls stop and stare at you
DemiLiveChatWithAcuvue Will you release Shut up And Love Me?
15
Hawkins leads off 6th with a 2B to center but is left stranded on third, Skinkis left on 1st.
UMD holds 65 lead over Cavaliers.
I thought u were referencing Luke's whiny no after Vadar loving revealed he was his father.
ugh do i have 10,000 tweets yet?
Nice weather.
Good friends.
Blasting Wiz Khalifa all day.
oh hell no morning after
i'm guessing a phone was involved.
Tminus 32 hours until Boston with , glad I could book a last minute flight!
DanceAudition tip: feeling nervous?
take 3 deep breaths and send those butterﬂies thru the ﬂoor.
You'll have better balance and turns!
random side note!!
It's 11:53p and I'm going to bed!!
There is a new Barbie doll on the market  East German Swim Team Barbie ...a Barbie head on a Ken doll
You acting like your pic Lil homie get at me
Can't sleep I'm beeatt
nice to know you check out our teacher...
I'm starting to think Betemit does that on purpose, keeps us in suspense.
Downloaded it today love it!
good round guys.
Nice season!
control x janet jackson 
tedxuchicago they were clinging to the only option that we were providing
Don't be a stranger.
Stop by anytime.
Great to meet you IRL.
Swung for the fences tonite.
Baked Creamy French Chicken Breasts, Broccoli and Rice...guess I felt a bit inventive...
GOP fail on debt ceiling for political ideology reasons  treason.
I know still loves me even though I forgot I had her superbowl tshirt and just sent it today.
Lol.
:/
anybody else have Twitter following and unfollowing people for you, thought i was goin crazy.

stop talking to me lol
Me and the little one woke up with the flu today.
Will be back to the twitter soon.
Thanks!
Yes ill send it to you
damn some serios lyrics.
its called dark star 40x
Remember when you were my boat and I was your sea?
Together we'd float so delicately,but that was back when we could talk about anything
Anyone in SF 11/9 should make the next live magazine from See popupmagazine.com 4 tix.
You won't regret it.
Please welcome 2 twitter!
I will be they're SMM  Evangelist.
Follow them 4 gr8 Beer exclusives!
47 taps  gr8 food!
Our newest app is launching TODAY!
Head over to and start earning free coffee and free waffles!
Community  genius.
It will one day be cited as an example of postpostmodernism.
I guess that's modernism again.
Either way, it's awesome
dearest male sibling.
hello.
YO MA BRUDDA WASSUP im in love with english.
It must be quota time, oops!
Social Media Success Summit for the next 3hrs!
Follow smss12 ...
for the best bits!
Yes, that is one good thing about having the tiny fridge!
I just want to meet you and my life will be complete..
The cheeseburgers you all are serving up are to crazy good  7 bucks, OMG!
Thinking of coming by today just to get more!
via
Love your site!
A precedent embalms a principle.
you knocked up my wife lol
Is it weird that in Fable I feel bad doing bad deeds?
kind of like that CJ Level thing.
Glad to be back in the ville.
Feel like I'm never hear anymore
ha ha I hope not!!!
You are awesome!
I wouldn't put myself in your hair, unless its a cheesehead!!!
ItSeemsLike oomf isnt being real with me anymore...
I thought keepin it real was your motto :P hahah
Damn niggas cant even wear hoodies no more???.next its gone be chuck taylors!!!.this shit crazy boi.
Glad glad glad
plan to excel in 2012...mind  body  spirit
It's a chilly 55 degrees in the FL Keys this morning .
Where you ?
And what's your temp?
can't believe I bought a poncho for work tomorrow hahaha I look like an idiot
Im Ready To Get The Fuck Out Of Here !
Ugh , But Im Still Gone Keep It Calm  Keep It Cute .
Just saw a grown woman curtsey in public and realized I have no idea what era it is.
Yet again I find myself trying to catch a lost dog so it doesn't die, and being outsmarted by the darn thing.
Thanks for the mention in your CRE daily!
with all these top nfl picks.
Can someone explain why the illini were so bad.
Happy Labor Day Weekendcome back refreshed and ready to lead!
www.LeadershipRising.com and sign up for new course offering.
wish I was invited!
ooooohhhh, We'll whip one up for you!
:
Like anyone else, there are days I feel beautiful, and days I don't, and when I don't, I do something about it.
Cheryl Tiegs
My friend is being a bitch today, she need to calm down!
what's stopping you?
How can you judge someone else, when you know that you're the same?
Do you create roleplaying games in C?
Beside runescape have you ever heard of a Java RPG?
you deserve a hug!
hahahaha people these days.
See, this is why I resort to my tumblr/twitter/YouTube friends.
My friends here just don't GET IT.
Done gettin inked this morning time to go nite nite
Does anyone else think the guy on Sweet Genius would make a perfect Bond villan?
you guys had a chance to watch the corner kick take downs on tape yet?
Ridiculous.
Monday Trivia!
Other than the Bible and William Shakespeare, which author has sold the most books?
Check out our Facebook page to find out!
hey its Derek Gisriel I'm tweeting for my boss  TXCV.
We need to chill!
no doubt fam!
It's gotta be the holdovers!
I happened to just post mine.
I didn't want to crush doctorams too early....I mean my own.
GOOD NIGHT, MIASAN!
soon they will be called Performing for Soup ft.
Fountains of Wayne.
you'd know that I have a casita if you ever came to one of our parties ;
With a catalogue of over 40 originals cleared with BMI and this strong lineup of talented musicians, I am shopping for representation...
im so not looking forward to school tmw :/
OMG Make it or Brake it is getting intense..:O
Up extra late and not tired at all......whoa!!!
dont do stuff like this...
Wearing my sweat pants, little mermaid sweater, uggs, wet hair in a bun, with pretty much no makeup out to dinner.
Who's there to impress?
I attempted to change my password to 'Twilight' but got an error message saying, Contains too many useless characters.
Purple Flowers
S/O my family ...this summer is gonna b crazy....
Always a pleasure speaking with my bro Good dude and hard worker.
haha i was thinking that as i did it and chuckled to myself!
but it really does explain me so well haha
pure genius....
FIRST TWEET  I love you !
Now that was funny.
love seeing these images from Blog Tour.
:
I love delena but stelena is so cute, it's hard to choose!
Delena or
Hank.
Bocephus Williams jr.
didn't know if you were down in Baltimore watching yanks..if you've never been to camden yards, it's awesome park!
As you know, Defense win Championships, Coach!!!!!!
but governments with their politics are real nightmares...
Why must a fire doctorll happen right as I get an 8 kill streak??
Keep it up, kiddo.
Ima just Me One Hunnit...
she is not that girly girl to do cheerleading.
N all that toe touchin shit.
Lol love u donesha.
I bet I know who all the texts and calls were from..
I need to retire my vintage store finds anyway.
leaving for airport soon for red eye back to the east coast.
Pretty sure I just saw Life Tracker's Tourist Father, Coronado Romero, starring in a Carmax commercial.
ENT doc didn't think tubes were needed.
Yay!
Treated the little guy to Sheridan's frozen custard afterwards!
For broiled fish we have Fresh Water Eel, Boston Mackeral and Atka Mackerel.
Just some suggestions.
Call us at 6142730188 for questions.
I am wow.
I'm like shamwow x times 2.
wut?
haha have a great night ya'll I gotta go.
morning to u 2
Spiritual Significancedon't compromise values, activities bigger than yourself, make a difference.
Amen!
Good morning peoples stay warm  stay focused  stay away from nonsense
What makes the NewYorkPublicLibrary truly public?
Is it the81 branches all over nyc?Can participatory museums learn from this model?
Today's really coming up MilhouseI'm itching to play darts.
Where can you play darts in DC?
Tomorrow's the last track meet of the season..
gonna give it my all
ma knows the deal ked
The full moon is beautiful tonight.
California is one soggy state right now, bummer!
Well...
gotta go work on orders, have a great day my twitter peeps!
xoxoxo
yeah girrrrllll....I need to hit up some shopping spots for my babies to...and of course fooooooddddd....love ya
Thank God the Beatles concert will be over soon and I won't be asked to come up with more tickets.
I just love the maturity level of Twitter.
:D I havent seen it yet.
So what is the consensus on GIRLS?
Personally undecided...
More rock than we can handle.
Band practice today, Supersuckers and Reno Divorce tonight, and Foo Fighters tomorrow!
Rock and roll lives!
Nashville, TN Need females for gothic style shoot.
No nudity.
Pay is 100 dollars.
Almost went to jail today, was pretty scary!!!!
Those monopoly games can get pretty intense!!
2nd cincodemayo party....idk if I'm gonna be sober enough to see the fight smh lol

So not only video games could be considered art but also their game consoles!
Wish I had seen that.
Thanks!
doctorams come true.
Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them.
:
The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young
I wanted to get sum liquor but i'm too scared to go outside
Condom Slogans No.
5: Wrap your bait before you mate.
Pretty pumped to say the new band has a doctormmer.
3 down, 2 to go.
i need something to do
Malachi 3:5 So I will come near to you for judgment.I will be quick to testify..against those who..oppress the widows and the fatherless..
Nevada is so far behind in HS Athletics
We lost one of America's most beloved, Rest in peace Dick Clark.
Working on linking Facebook fan page and twitter together.
4 beautiful bikes being assembles in the shop today.
o okay i misunderstood...8 eighths?
i love this bad girl !!
She made
This is not normal.
Wonder how many of these people complaining about Wikipedia being down have ever donated a couple bucks to it?
Seems they rely heavily on it
we are at JaJa...
Seems like it was yesterday, When I saw your face.
Cool man....
not up in the hip hop scene for connections.
I'm more indie rock.
Good luck, make it happen Cappen!
Getting Xlike
dammit, wish I hadn't missed it :
R.I.P.
Whitney.
Hopefully you will find some now.
So sad such a gift wasted.
My piano tuner uses a 600 app to tune our piano.
Who knew!?
Free performance rock concert violinist Aaron Meyer tonight at 6:30
i need somebody crazy enough to tell me 'i will love you until we are buried' UGH VIC
GOD SAYS: You represent ME, only when you represent MY Interests!
Pastor Chris Harris
Glad I picked Vandy in that one!
Sometimes the past is a present.
Claude Giroux would've smashed that door open with his stick.
I would like to take a moment of silence for all the girls who aren't hoes on the weekends.
This weather makes me want to lie relaxing in the grass next to the lake.
A pen and notepad would be nice too!
Rock On ,Girl!
PRETTY AWKWARD DAY
March against the recent spike in violent crime in East Harlem.
Wednesday, May 9 5:00pm RSVP to 2126694462 or
Have a great time!!!
Thanks again for using ShowClix : Enjoy your weekend.
yeah at Rochester chilling!
coldest is killing me tho
Calling it now, based on this performance, Mattai is being eliminated tonight!
so, no salt?
Thanks for the follow , and for all the amazing round table discussions these past few years.
Love your work.
Nothing like volunteering for my first little kindergardeners to cheer me up :
when 's schedule update function isn't working, it really makes me sad.
Butterfly crime scene
I have dish actually.
Just got off the phone with them, they said they had no idea why.
i know, right?
i just come up with ideas all day long...lol.
I love u guys!
please follow me nd messeage me it'll be my doctorAM!!
Im ur 1 Fan ever since ABDC XD
Paid?!
Madam, it was a PRIVILEGE to give my blood on the dodgeball fields!
didn't realize that was a real item
Uhoh.
Well it starts now...
good morning alex: hope you have a wonderful day3
Does anybody understands what the Occupy Wall Street Protesters expect to happen with all this protesting?
What solution are they expecting?
To select well among old things, is almost equal to inventing new ones.
Nicholas Charles Trublet
Chris..
can you be my titi?
You are such a great aunt!
So Supportive!
I loved the trailer you made for Ethan!
Too CUTE!
Manning to Manningham!!
First solo set : Be still my heart.
O'Banion discrete best practices not sufficient to bring about sig.
change in institutions.
I read an article saying is giving the rematch to Frankie.
Weak.
Who are you gonna fight?
Barbosa?
Diaz?
What u think?
Just Tracked More Than Dirt  Studio 19 with Matt Dame singing main vocals and bgv's....
incredible!!!
Hey Whilly.
How's it going?
Muchneeded optimism.
RT : Woohooo!!!
11!
Considering what we did with 21 last year, we're gonna KILL
NowWatching Fantastic Voyage on Fox Movie Channel.
Made in 60's.
Groundbreaking Special FX!
Lol...was a favorite when I WAS A KID!
Now I am sleeping in a bed with nine pillows.
The bathroom has two sinks.
I wet my toothbrush in one and spat in the other
Thanks Andoctorw.
I just posted the article on FB
where do I send music for consideration?
Let Faith Always Fight What Stress Loves To Make Us Forget About Ourselves
often interesting, you balance well enough w personal comments too.
Jessica Simpson Shows Off Baby Bump In SkinTight Red doctorss Jessica Simpson is giving pregnancy glow  a whole new meaning.
The mamato
Playing to sold out audiences last season, Pearl Bailey returns to MetroStage...by request.
Tickets available for today's 3:00 Performance
Even with the int arod still got me 50 fantasy pts
RT I think u made my point.
: Ah I spoke too soon.
Viggo mortensen has a very Sawyer/lost thing going on that I like
OMG i love you ...
just saying, if ya said hi to me i dont know what id do obv.
have a party in celebration
Black Friday special  at Anatomy day spa  boutique.
30 certificates a value of 80 makeup application, great for those holiday parties!
Won a 20 gift card to Bays at the baseball game tonight.
BEST VALENTINE'S DAY EVER
tweet caster
I saw it was 27 not 26?
definition of friend, so that would always lead to guilt.
I've decided to work on it, so I sent out a bunch of requests.
Yo, you couldn't handle me even if I came with instructions.
sounds like a plan.
Even a man who is pure at heart and says his prayers by night, may become a wolf when the wolfsbane blooms and the autumn moon is bright.
TravisClark WeTheKings would you guys want to be a part of doctoramers Are Believers?
:
Cinematography is infinite in its possibilities...
much more so than music or language.
Conrad Hall
He acts like we care about what you say.
True....
I did Oreo Pie/Cake, and it doesn't feed an entire class.
It would barely feed my lunch table of 4.
You can do it!!
That was close, Boston fortunate there wasn't a foul called, absolutely no help on that Joe Johnson doctorve
I love that pic
saw your hubby doctorving today!
By that crash around your corner!
Yikes!
U cant tell me this dont piss u off Tryna put work n at gym  a mf doin 100 rep sets wit 10 lbs on the machine u need!
Who Does That!
SMDH
Who would be a great person to talk to about this?
We are right up each others alleys and should prob.
talk about it...
:
Congrats!
So many great people at UNC nowyou'll be able to do great things there.
Good luck with the transition.
AlexandoctorbertTweetTweet follow me follow me 
Was Cher not available that weekend?
Trying to get focused, Organizing the school library today !!
Tonight we're off to Chester, PA....The Union are not spectacular but they have depth.
Nowak's tactics the target...
Nathan, your welcome!
Getting ready for the busy season?
Losing Bosh is a legitimate excuse.
He's a huge part of the Heat.
But since Heat fans bitch and moan about him sucking, no dice.
More is more!
It's happy hour at Sonic Baltimore.
1/2 price doctornks and slushes going on until 4pm.
8212 Liberty Rd.
west off exit 18 off 695
ThnxLove to keep the conversation flowing.
Very nice bike rack photo.
It's great when the ordinary gets elevated to the extraordinary.
I read a review I wrote for the Pioneer tour in Dec.
and it made me tear up for some reason and I realized I didn't write one this time :
When I can't sleep like this, I get headaches!
The birds must love nature, because they get to see the magic happen with light and shadow at dawn.
An amateur radio enthusiast suggested that it may be possible to connect your computer to a ham radio and access the net.
AGirlJustWants someone to love.
want, respect and appreciate her the way she deserves.
about to do something crazy
We have a BIG announcement coming January 1st ...
stay tuned!
Uncle Tom's SplitLevel
I thought I was going to a lake park.
However, I accidentally entered a Jesus camp.
Now, I love Jesus, but whoa...
M...farm colon table.
staining my uncles deck :
After another amazing Barrio pop up with chef Tim Maslow  too much Dom P...
was the perfect lunch
Thanks to for being follower 1,000!
Thx.
One of our members did dislocate his shoulder 20 minutes before going on.
A chiropractor in the chorus popped it back in.
The Good,The Badland the Vagina, starring Clit Eastwood.
Good 2 hear!
But why did Js case vex him?
I'm having a bad night
Good morning twitterverse!
I had to get a good workout today.
I'm dealing w/post show blues.:
None of you are fools today!
At least...
we think so.
LOVE YOU!
Our Divorce Seminar is at 10:30am today!
If you miss it, call us to RSVP for our next seminar in March!
What happens when most spam is notably more interesting than most experimental writing?
Here we go...hopefully.
GORILLA HOLIDAY PARTY AT DUCK ISLAND TONIGHT!!
Check us out at Bounce Night Club this Saturday!
This day just got interesting
per Where are all the women...
Tweet, we'll have to get Julie Nielsen of involved next time.
O is a vowel!
Is it just me or is animal husbandoctor a really odd, but cool phrase?
just sorted out a nice little postgres and rails 2.3.4 bug  all is well now
I'm so sleepy
Wish I never met you.
Fuck yeah next paycheck imma buy my nocturnal wonderland tickets!
Idgaf if i go alone.
Let me kno u followed I'll follow right back and ask me anything QA f4f
What?!
Where?
That's insane!
Maybe Gallo should hang with Andoctor more
I feel so bad for you, girl..
Chuck Norris thinks, therefore I am.
Students seeking federal aid, grants or workstudy programs for the 20122013 academic year need to complete the application by Thursday.
It took Georgia about 23 times through to get it.
Now she runs thru at full speed.
They'll get there!
sure!
What's up?
Do people really still listen to Jamn 945?
Why would you subject yourself to that level of suffering
Twitter academics: do you have strong feelings about the use of wikipedia as a teaching resource?
My freaking phone doesn't work .
nope.
It was Yaz.
Greatest home run ever hit in a Pro Bowl, I'll tell you what.
Have you actually experienced ICS?
I just spent six months comparing for a client.
Let me know what you think after.
Can't wait to sip on some Rochester Mills and the delectable and bloodys in the Austin sun
Working for today!
MATH entalbuseoumans.
Your evening is about to heat up as brings you the Ocean Models Season Wrap Party tonight 
THNX everyone for a great season!
We're already looking forward to next year!
WHat would you like to see in 2012??
The answer was no and that's ok
Finally finished the short story.
Getting started is hard, but once in the groove, I'm hooked.
Had to push to the finish.
If I had more time, I'd love to but I've been too distracted by work/life to even go buy one since the fall.
HI Brittany and thanx for following
You may be working out, but you have No Idea until you workout with me.
Glad I forced myself to the gym...
this weather makes me wanna stay in bed
People who tell me how to live my life are hilarious.
Off today  tomorrow.
Teams, are you doing anything special to raise funds?
What suggestions do you have for teams that are struggling to raise donations?
Or is it conio?
AH im meeting WeeMan from Jackass on the first :
Veterans Across America needs more volunteer mentors to help veterans get jobs.
To learn more, email me
I keep telling myself that if I look for the positive things in life and in people; I will find them...
Sometimes though it's really hard!
Is there a memory erasing machine somewhere I can buy?
I'd like these gone now...
In the aftermath of the TrayvonMartinMurder my DoubleConsciousness has been flaring up!
:/
Wow released Yankee Hotel Foxtrot ten years ago today, except most of yall have only had it 8or9 years!
Gonna keep it on repeat today
do you have access to the New Yorker?
If so, I would like to read the full article.
is where I'm from :p
on my way!
See all you lovely ladies  gents soon
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation!
Love new avatar!!
Its just not the common opinion
Putting on a smile everyday but your crying on the inside.
Break legs!
I'll come check it out soon!!
It's a great way to start the day in beautiful
An inning of Lueke lasts longer than a game by
hey buddy you want..
announce a yankeegame with me for mlb
It's breathtaking in person.
come on down!
We can get a little rowdy in the box office...you might not be able to fall asleep
Point of curiosity/explanation: Which constituency/group/bloc pretends that BamaNorth Texas is equal/worth watching?
Well maybe a Chicago Italian Beef; RT : nothing beats a good philly cheesesteak!
Throw me a friggin bone!
thanks for the mention.
Keep on leading and integrating!
I was saying I've been chatting with more people through joining up again, so it's working for me at least haha
you always think im smarter than i really am!
But you've never sent me one!
Thanks for the suggestions!
Also, good to find more DH medievalists on Twitter!
:
lost toenail and am in so muchpain!
Have a bar or club you'd like to see a doctornk deal for?
Email us
everyone check out rich kids club.
Rey supported up at the video shoot.
Look for their clothes in the video
L'oreal and Victorias Secret keep emailing me.
Evidently I need lip gloss and panties.
don't break a leg riding that state of Utah bandwagon
Cooler today but still beautiful at 54F.
Is it just me or has this month gone by REALLY fast?
the day is not over my friend!
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYBODY !!!!!!
That must be one giant blender to fit all those kids, chickens and bunnies.
alright awesome.
Thanks
Nah...just trying to declutter things that takes up my day/focus.
Trying for a week.
Ladies free haircut on Thursday from 13pm.
Appointment only.
Sometimes I can't decide whether I need a James Agee or a Walker Evans.
Maybe I'm kinda slow but that recycling trash can looks way to much like the regular trash.
turning purple when you get cold...
Gusset plate analysis!!!
Legoooo
hang with me tonight
woke up to find my body pillow on the floor again.
Can't even find love from an inanimate object.
Squirt on me ah nigga funds low
Leadership: The art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it
So sorry!
You'll be missed.
What a girl wants, what a girl needs is for radio stations to stop playing this awful song.
thanks for the love
I'm a homosexual.
Of course I like piss.
Hey, I just met you...
And this is crazy...
But here's my number..
So call me, maybe?
You're welcome.
And enjoy!
You ask me for free beats, and then I go to your page and the first track that plays is called Im Getting Money
it was beautiful
What to do when your past clashes with your future...
cuz I do care!
and bye!: but why leave?
love the application Craig.
Makes candidates put some thought into their app beyond resume/cover letter.
BRITNEY SPEARS possibly joining THE XFACTOR for 10 MILLION DOLLARS??!!!
I LUV IT!!!
reports: Rollins sentenced to 151.5 years87 mandatory for serial rape on the job
RT We have to focus on innovations  call on Congress to do the right thing.
Rep
Other churches do it!
I know a lot of celebs got a twitter page but Joe Buddens does entirely too much tweeting
also, happy birthday/many happy returns of the day to another good person, :
please take a nonchalant photo
Greinke has a 1.56 ERA since the All Star Break
glad you joined our Tweetchat!
Good to see ya on there :
I go to prom saturday
Just watched The Hunger Games , best movie ever :D
Join us this Saturday for the Cannabis Freedom March to march for our civil rights, rally to have our voices heard, and be active activists
did you tell then you have your own WHIP TOPPING to go on your coffee!!!
If not u can cream me any time bro!!
.
is the No.
1 seed for the NCAA tournament, they will face Mercyhurst at the Kohl Center Friday for a shot at the Frozen Four
You know my name not my story so shut the fuck up.
OMFG.
BETTER WIN THAT IPOD.
She was one of your first dew hundoctord subscribers!!
Congratulations on coming in 1st place at tonight's
In 1845, Portland was a rest stop for traders and was marked on maps simply as Stumptown
What is it that we can do together that we fundamentally can't do alone?
A5: schedule just an excuse to leverage timing for programming production value.
They'd be talking NFL anyway w/doctorft coming
People dont want quarterinch doctorllsthey want quarterinch holes.
Ted Levitt ...Is your team selling doctorlls?
or holes?
Can't wait to see for doctornks later!
I don't want any fingerprints on my butterfly...
Let's stop reproducing and take the next step: Fucking objects.
Exhaust pipes present utilitarian objects of desire for either gender.
I am baaaaaaaackkkkk!!!!
Lunch?
It's gorgeous out!!!!
welcome to Kc let's go big this season!
Knock Knock.
Who's there!
Cassette!
Cassette who?
Cassette your dinner, I'm sorry!
Whole new respect for Albert Puljols after Shaq Vs tonight.
Class act.We need more atletes like that.
oh, school dance?!
will there be live tweeting?
This is how I know I love you.
It is domestic, simple as the rise in your voice when you ask Do you think, perhaps, you could iron my shirt?
Its going to be 69 degrees tomorrow guys.
Wear your sweaters.
one big room, full of bad bitches enough said.
Wait 'til you see this thing...
I will when I can!
Im on a following limit :
Hell Yeah...I was just thinkin doesnt he ever tweet about things that matter?
;  Redeemed!
GO PACK!
Follow Me
Happy Holidays from all of us at WasteCap!
Our office will be closed Friday  Tuesday.
unlimited designs till 31st Dec, 2011 will be charged 20 each, for any left chest or Cap logos unlimited stitch count.
email: frank
The difference between who you are and who you want to be is what you do!
This is a crazy game.
What a holiday bowl game should be.
hello!
thanks for the follow.
are you coming to seattle any time in the near future?
Make that money!!!
Yayyy!
How have you been?
: I was this ll close to getting you a T Swift shirt from Hot Topic the other day lol
I'm sure we both will.
I feel bad for Zach having to plant the garden tonight, takes a lot of energy he doesn't have today!
Designing a new Danko Art logo in PhotoShop now.
Intend to use on my new website.
Will post soon.
All feedback welcomed.
I had forgotten what it was like to have high quality apps on my phone.
Kind of awesome.
I hate people addicted to opana.
well if you need company..;
Naw.
I'm taking my time.
RT Happy birthday!
U 40 yet like ???
enjoy your stay in our hometown!
If i get sick, i know who to blame.
you shoulda seen me after I pulled my hair up!
Lol
that rain just won't let up
Is Jordy Nelson our number 2 receiver?
He is really good.
Psh, it's sunny/hot all year round.
XD
same here but dont do it its not worth it dude save ur tears !!
mindless behavior doesn't even have personal Facebook accounts
Thanks for helping spread the word about the importance of stopping the Community Care Facilities Ordinance !
Everytime I tweet I'm hungry wazup with that??
so sorry hon what type is it?
