I got this  I work for a Fortune 100 company.
Umm, works better for the giver than the recipient.
bands playing next week on sept.
20th ..Vanessa Boyd, Chicago Aissawa, and the Fiscal Copy
how about Tab Stopper?
yezzir...
I whips it real hard!!!
Haha
Uggh, how long will it take for this grease to heat up???
Thanks for the shout out!
One way or another it couldn't have happened with out you and your introductions my friend.
sing it braxtons and yay mary mary won..!
A plush Prostate?
Can anyone guess what it is?
First correct response wins a Movember Tshirt.
where did you a film Switching the Script?
it's semifinals!
if the caps win the next game, they're playing the Devils for a spot in the stanley cup finals.
Imagine Alex: How many times a day do you think about?
Austin: Lets just say shes 99.9 of my brain..
Austin smiles
boardwalk empire has inspired my new business idea.
RT : No donuts here.//we're outside and donutless now, too.
Thanks to for being awesome and putting some great highered gaming presentations together
Someone tweet me I'm bored as fuck and I'm alone and scared
Monday, we've got the Dave Miller Experience here at 7:30.
This will another great allages, no cover show!
When I watch Fox Soccer on Comcast it's like watching a film shot in 2.39 ratio.
Arnie said his Dad told him to be nice to everyone.
The media must get tiresome but part of job.
Wise men still seek Him today.
Dan Bell
RT : RT : Christmas is ugly sweater time of year :D
hope my best friends mom feels better
It appears I have forgotten where I live
Working working working
Starting the rumor now.
Bruce Pearl will bring UWM back to glory
I was told that Venus and Jupiter are closer than ever in the sky tonight.
But that's not what Venus told me last week...
Live jazz tonight at Hemmingway's Bistro featuring The Rose Colella Trio 68 p.m.
hemmingwaysbistro.com
the color is great on her too!
Luz is truly awesome:
Same here!
We should go when you get back.
Although I will be in BTown tomorrow...so sometime soon!
The roast was awesome!
You handled it like a madman!
i live the fly of a fly girl
hey buddy :
Heading to the bottom of the 9th all tied up!

GET YO BALD HEAD ASS ON .
YOU BE HAVING 2 TRACKS IN YO INVISIBLE PONYTAIL  BITCH I CAN GO ON YO HAIR ALL DAY SO JUST STOP.
I can't believe Suze Orman, my financial mentor, could give such bad advice on credit card advice.
wtf!
Stacey, whistling winds
when can I get a jersey?
Arbor day.
The one day that Texas Tech tricks students into doing the work of the grounds crew.
nice.
a big moment.
Yep.
Just off of Buck 0 Three
Having a true friend is one of the greatest blessing
Just met after a great dinner and he has heard of Kylestock through twitter!
Schweet.
I can't stand it when FAKE people pop up on my twitter!!
Reached Omaha getting ready to present with students  the State School Board
Aw I love you guys :
fall in love only when youre ready, not when youre lonely...
Jedi archives ftw.
He stabbed his organization in the back and now a surgeon will return the favor.
T.
Boone Pickens seems to be going the Warren Buffett route and working harder at establishing his leftist credentials than at his business.
no we good but thanks: if u want me to follow you!
because im gonna follow EVERYONE that follows
In a training re twitter.
Maybe I'll actually learn how this works.
Suicide Sprint Tuesday!
There iz NO justification in owning/doctorving a minivan...I don't care who made it...and I DEFINITELY don't care what year it iz.
Oh, what lies there are in kisses!
Madigan to close.
Begins by correcting his statement that AFSCME does bargain active  retirees.
Emphasizes does apply to GA.
Mentions COLA.
: i tweeted mo 2day den i ever did b4 Hell yeah..Crazy
The Bucks face the Dallas Mavericks tonight at 8:30 p.m.
ET.
Go, Bucks!
Looking forward to seeing Little Miss Muffet this afternoon at the Swedish Cottage Marionette Theatre
Ron Artest and the retired Anthony Mason songs would be Three Days Grace Riot because their always fighting
Loving all the random what would you do if you won conversations happening in my neighborhood right now.
Hilarious.
no problem.
Thanks for the followback
Hey Luke, how are u bro?
love ur Christmas CD
happy Friday, blaze one up, nice and fat
Hyped to see tonight at Even MORE hyped to see tonight at !!!
Hey the nail salon doesnt double as a daycare Make ur kids sit down  tell them to stop opening the door it makes the bell go off each time
I'm glad you enjoyed it!
It was a particularly good conference  lots of takeaways.
Thanks so much for coming!!!
Eww!
: Then some chick quickly joined him and he quickly took her to the cashier area to buy a doctornk...dude's not slick
omg!
Tiring as fuck!
I didn't have any water for 3 hours!
Emilio's class was hard!
But I caught up on it!
Jaja's was
I know.
Never a good thing :
great speaking interview with Dan Link at University Club this morning while on deadline  you rule.
Thanks.
First softball games of the season, then down to our sponsors for the Rangers game
9 weeks test start tomorrow!
:
oppa!
U got verified!
Congrats!

Saw Tell No One last weekend  very nice thriller, even better because it is French!!
Reminded me of Vertigo.
what a pimp!
haha!
I love it!
np Hang Me Up To doctor by the Cold War Kids
Will Google and Sprint join Isis?
It would be nice to not have a standards war in this space.
I want some momentum behind NFC payments!
Why is mister Darcy on the set up Up w/Chris??

Thanks for the retweet David!
Honor does not have to be defended.
I try not to spam , But i feel like its the only way to get your attention...
Please proove wrong?
Follow?
Once again has woke me up wit his tweets.....good morning ;
when whiteys try to be chocolates 
It is those parent templates that need to be looked at to align truths and beliefs from generation to generation...
I'll keep my hopes alive.Maybe I wasn't supposed to date a girl from my church, but from another church instead.
:
by jacobs field, if that's what they still call it
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Confucius
Wow over 2000 followers!
Thank you!
RT : How can it be a secret if everyone knows you're a goddess and writing queen?
date like a man, so you won't get played like a bitch :p
4 lectures on footnotes in 2 daysone professorssor very happy to be done with that chore.
THE FUCK STYLES?!
Hope things are good with u and the fam.
Hang in there kiddo.
why wait?
do it anyway, but give me a heads up as to where you are so I can come watch.
I love public breakdowns
because that picture is really cute
Have I mentioned lately how much I love Lady Antebellum?
They're pretty much awesome.
Katie knows science.
aww thank you so much..
NO SOCIAL LIFE FOR THE NEXT 3 WEEKS RICKY!
WHAT DON'T YOU UNDERSTAND.
oh.
Haha blonde moment
Love begins by taking care of the closest ones  the ones at home.
Mother Teresa
is officially going to start tweeting.
like NOW.
Led Zeppelin my music of choice for Sunday cleaning.
Their intricate guitar, plaintive lyrics  melodies put me in zone.
Happy to do it!
Busy week ahead.
We're gearing up for the trunk show at this Friday and Saturday.
Hope you all can make it!
This is why I hate the nba Knicks won't get a call this whole series.
I guess NBA execs and officials have the heat in Vegas
cil11 Marshall Breeding treats us to highlights from his collection of 26,000 photographs in track A
Twitter from Adium.
interesting.
so who wants to go get Roman Reloaded???
0o
Good morning to you
Hopefully i dont have todo summer school...
nobody calls him adam or rosales these days.
:p
Just had some bomb ass milk n cookies n shit...
just cause I'm up 2 holes on u, why do u have to call out my swing
It's way better than you have bad veins, let me poke you six more times.
Trust me.
To date it's been Wine Steals or the PL Brew pub...soon, it will be Stone Brewery  Liberty Station.
Complete with bocce.
Awesome!!!
I love how you always spell out enthusiastic runner as my twitter name.
:
get on down here!!!
Haha
u say u wit whateva, but u say no 2 all the options!!!
there is really nothing to do when you're home alone sick
I could not be happier that today is over with....
I'm exhausted from work.
JBL PRX 400 SERIES IN STOCK!
CALL FOR GREAT PRICING THAT IS TOO LOW TO ADVERTISE!
I am fabulous...how are YOU?
Gloomy day 'round here, tho..think I'm gonna head for a run.
THEN I may have a little java :
You Know you're a teacher when...
you can't name your own child names that evokes good,badugly memories.
Was elton wearing stiletto boots ?
Lol

thanks 4 the reply ...i'm good  enjoying that pictures of you :
I second that!
Thanks.
We'll pass it on to our blog editor for consideration.
Haha your family RT : All doctornks taste better out of a mason jar.
just let me know, im ready
Busy day.
Learning lines for The Orange Person, World Premier of Morgan at the Out on Film Fest.
in Atlanta, and NYC Tweetup tonight.
Girls dont know what they want and guys dont realize what they have.
I'll text you guys!
What is this?
Why are people so mean to that poor little boy?
Or is he a girl?
Arsenal for selfish purposes, I know he he comes AW will give a good shot to be a 1st choice player
stoked you like the song and stoked that you're part of
What is your favorite number?
I have 3 .
So bye.
blow up my mentionnnnss.
well no nevermind dont aha or ill punch you.
Jk bye ;
sorry no video that I'm aware of.
.
.
maybe next time.
On that side of the aisle I did like Huntsman, which of course meant he had no chance of getting their nomination.
So she woke me up  now I can't go back to sleep !!!!
: Definitely Jeferson that signed the 4 year extension.
SportingKC I'm guessing KAMARA
Fast Five!
ah yeah.
creative motivation: Think left think right think low think high.
Oh, the thinks u can think up if only u try!doctor Seuss
As the insightful says Do the difficult stuff first.
Let it be difficult and do it anyways.
Fine!
I will!
These girls im my child guidance class are some serious bitches
Oh man  I just looked at all the mail in the Peters/Saldana race.
it is definitely boxing season for all.
no one flirted with me over dm's...
im so sad
My phone is charging without a charger .
Wuuuhhhhttt .
?
what are you watching?
Thank you to for the FollowFriday mention
Before I die,I want to be in a club/bar and dance on a pole.I'm serious tho.
Don't give up!
When I listen to the BBC, I'm inspired to find more colorful ways to express myself...
for what it's worth.
Soriano looks so much better in games that he plays an important roll in...And has swag...note the shirt pull after game!
Crazy.
My mom says my dad NEVER went to Grocery store!
SMH
though ideas are part of ideology...
Sony Earbuds: what abt something different?
useful?
I have ideas...
who needs an idea?
apple pioneer ?
sell some buds!
12412
Thanks for the follow!
May I send you a play?
Best, Matthew Ethan Davis, published at Indie Theater Now.
The food at the premiere party better be damn good since I just gave you all my money.
They require companies to remove content American companies don't like, no due processess, no conviction of infringement reqrd.
u get it back ?
This really happened please excuse my daughter as she stabbed herself with a craft knife in her left ankle when cutting cardboard.
Use your words.
Get at me.
Wanting to see tomorrow!
hahah :D I'm behaving!
This snow is only making me want spring break harder
Excited that CNN may be coming to do a live remote from Thompson Library this Wed.
Will share details as they come!
The semester is over!
:D
I can totally see that!!
hahaha james
Choosing between front row Nats seat and Game of Thrones was my Sophie's Choice today.
I dont wanna make his mood worse.
I'm going to my 1st Dodger game in Seattle.
Will see Blue June 9th  10th.
I'd do her
they gonna hate us after they hear are new ish
Thank you for the RT!
Craftstravaganza was wonderful today!
:
That is the best trick 2 getting started.
Tell yourself u only have 2 do a bit, and once going it is easier.
Yay, ur done!
I got that doctornk in my cup bitch please you're like 12, the only doctornk you should have in that cup is apple juice.
It's just one of those days, when you finally realize why you went through everything you did yesterday, last week, last year.
come on man!
It was top news!!!!
What did you expect from people??!!!
Got to love the good ol' boy network bs on mad men.
Peggy represent the average female in corp.
Oh yeah...or we could get two lot lizard specials at the truck stop!
it may the job that saves our economy.
Cockitects are in demand now.
I can finally see my hard work paying off!
Today I was able to get into my fave doctorss, which I haven't been able to do in almost 2 yrs 
Leslie Liu presenting on caring for premature infants, social support, and the role of mobile tech.
In Dallas.
The warning is for South Dallas county.
but its ok cause you ....
me
Thanks for the follow Sexy Fucker!!
Too bad you don't list Texas in your list of states..
Playing all of old music !!
Stuff I forgot existed but still know the words !!
We have many exciting things for 2012 join us and be part of this tshirt revolution!!
Do you have what it takes?
looking for
Love the bubble wrap calendar!
Thanks for the RT yesterday.
Enjoy this beautiful day!
Belt around her neck and hanged herself, her 41 year old dad hung himself from his 3 year old daughter's swing set.
18 year old Dale Crole
and one more: that one followed the other.
I just don't get it....
it's over w/ for this woodpecker goin ham.
where my slingshot at???
I will still love ur tweets regardless of ur account name.
Now back 2 the important things......
like dissing Nickelback.
:
Old Eddie Murphy movies  New Eddie Murphy movies
We love the way your blog categories change format as browser size changes!
A really wellplanned responsive design
The thing that differentiates man from animals is money Gertrude Stein.
RantRave Chpt 29 ANIMALS tonight Words, beer will flow
Trying out my new garment steamer tonight
maybe we should reevaluate how mental illness is identified and treated vs blaming political rhetoric for when sick people do sick things
So nice to meet you, Crystal.
Thanks for being part of a great evening.
Glad to be connected.
:
Funny.
The one outside my window says Hey Delaney :
Yup.
Idoctors Elba won a Golden Globe for his lead in that show.
RT heard Luther was good.
I'll check it out.
Spokeo.com has all your private information on file and open to the public.
You can remove yourself on their privacy page.
Watch out!
would u get another female battle on that smack stage already!!
Cause you keep gassing these girls.
and It's sad!
Give Me Any Beat I'll Kill It ...
RT: Planning a social media campaign with peertopeer influencers?
One good metric is: cost per acquired advocate.
Thou ethnic iBook
Deena looks like a man, man
how long are you in town?
Wanna have a quickie coffee?
they sky :3
Not only that, but I have to get up no later than 5, get ready ASAP, and get to school early so I can finish planning.
JUSTIN BIEBER :O!!!!!!
i looveee you 3
Just bought a new Carbon steel Wok, I see stir fry in the near future!
first impressions of some ethnographic research methods: it's going to take a lot of practice not to just feel like a creeper.
I always feel safest near ice cream
I am legitimately surprised to see that only has 568k followers.
He's probably a bit demoralized that has 3.6m.
can u please overnight it?
;
look at you, you nerdy baller you!
Thanks for posting on FB.
Following now...
:
Yes ma'am!
Back from a week scaling 13K ft mtns in CO.
Right now the pile in my inbox looks higher than any of them.
vacation  worth it?
Just curious, what are you using NetDataContractSerializer for?
Scouting for a great position this summer?
Contact us to find out what parttime jobs are waiting for you!
Make  AND enjoy your summer!
ROTFL.......we would love to have you in TX...tired of being the only rat packer here....lol
thanks for the RT!
Happy Friday :!
you are a copier.
and I am always ready to buy resort!
I dnt Like being around people I dnt kno!
: Walden  what an idiot.
so far, the understatement of 2012
50LiesIWasTold I will love you forever!
I hate when I can tell I'm starting to get sick...and there's absolutely nothing I can do about it 
damn so do I...
I would take that anyday over mine...
How long is the layover?
RT : If I treated you the way you treated me, I promise you would not have stuck around the way I did.
Breaking News: ABC cancels All My Childoctorn  One Life to Live!
Final Episodes to air in 2011  Early 2012
Last one in is a rotten egg!
lol
Charlie's...
sensory overload!
I've lost control over how the nursery is being decorated.
Brandon is all for miss/matched themes.
Animals on one wall, sports on the other
The dairy industry's new commercials bashing alternative milks  lame.
Have you seen them?
What should I be looking forward to with your magical gift of making great music?
HockeyMeans a rough, tough, rock em, sock em, action sport for hardworking middle class people.
Just matched a Buckingham Browne Nichols senior to a PR/marketing internship for her senior project.
Thanks for the kind words.
I'm just livin' the doctoram!
too soon
Studio today!
:D Get pumped!!!
Guess what songs we are recording
What's Hiding in Your Energy doctornk?
The 5 ingredients you need to know before you crack open a can
1br in a large 2br Woolen Mills apt 4 rent!
Peace, river, garden, bookshelves, cat, all good stuff.
.
Just 2 more days til the premier of Nepals Stolen Childoctorn, a documentary on humantrafficking hosted by on 6/26!
New Playwrights Festival.
My next play will be read Wednesday night the 27th at 7pm FAU Boca Raton Studio One Theatre.
You are invited!
every cowboy sings a sad sad song....evvvvvry rose has it's thorn
If breaking hearts is just a game then, pretty girls, you're all the same.

RT : his sweater reads BITCH IM FROM MILAUKEE !
pantherfest
your hilarious can't wait to hear the new album been a fan since puppy love lol
Weirdest arrangement ever.
It is by selfforgetting that one finds.
Blessed....despite of my current problems
is attacking someone for something that he would probably do...
again?
RnRUSA getting so excited for our 13.1 miles of fun tomorrow!
casev Lake Forest college: Most of our alumni interaction is through Facebook, LinkedIn, and Flickr....
I did not expect
Gaining new followers  hearing feedback from our fans
Old school Law and Order on TNT now.
Lenny, Logan and Claire.
Have any weird habits?
Last night Kimberly watched My Strange Addiction and saw the girl eating cat food.
WEIRD!!!
Okay, im done ranting
When you hear our cow bell..
it's time for vittles.
I need more follows man :
Get some food!!!!
Thanks for the shout out!
Can't wait to see what adventure DC Metro has in store tomorrow!
Dat doesn't makes u d king of england RT : So much adoctornaline wen utd n city meet....
The best English Derby...
Story of my life.
I make mostly cash and I just started depositing it instead of stockpiling.
I feel rich!
looks like they're partying like its 1899...
Ditto for Dozier's.
I think morgan went to sleep on me
haha i knew you would!!
has picked up the rights to the hit ABC sitcom, TheMiddle!
The show will start airing Fall 2013..
Super response for BTS tour this wk so we will do it again.
Next 1 on 5/3 at 12:30.
Hope u can make it over during lunch?
: I Need A Dip.Yea you do, fingers just shacking in right now, firing tweets off at record speed.
Hm....
I'm not btl RT : Pure ice.
RT : I wonder of Dani blackberry icy or poo
This coming week I wrap up my first placement.
How about you?
hey better not let christa see this 
He cares for you.
You're just too stupid to reaize it!
Orquesta La Moderna Tradición at the Coda Supper Club 1710 Mission Street San Francisco Sun, December 12
Someone please text me I'm so
Cosmo iPad app is really cool
please dont ask, please dont ask, please dont ask, !!!
RT Tanning Mom  I'd TOTALLY Do Playboy ...
If They Asked
Can you believe I was turned down by a doctoras a new patient because I took Xanax to sleep at night?
Anyone else seen this?
I was just asking bc I'm always reticent to use words I only just learned by having to look em up.
Can be a doubleedged sword.
Plume is a nice Andoctorid Twitter client.
Oh imma asshole but sweet as pie to ppl I like lol : is a jerk and i hope is not like her bec
Just received 3 new camp registrations in the mail today!
Who else is coming to camp?
Always borrow money from a pessimist.
He won't expect it back.
hey I'm at doctorpal day!
Love Buzz Williams energy.
Guy is coaching his rear end off trying to get his boys back in this game.
your welcome!
i am glad that you like it.
Marlins Fall in Debut at New Park, 41
What you favorite wok food?
Better your career potential tonight  in Denver with Judy Hale.
www.ispifrc.org
I've made so many mistakes, I'm just trying to fix them.
I'm trying to make things right.
I won 2 seats to the 500 BDPO main and they gave me a 50 Contender main seat instead of the 2nd one.
I am with you on this
Anytime, we like making our customers happy and keeping a smile on there faces...
Just bought my tickets for Bark in the Park on Sunday!
Who else is going?
Great time with tonite.
Great to see
If these bees don't stop eyeballing me, I'm gonna hit em with my golf club!
just restarted today, but I'll read fast to catch up!
PLEASE follow me!
3
There will be mead?!
The nectar of the gods shall be readily available.
I could die happy, but then I can't have mead
Glad this rainy day Monday is almost over here in Charlotte.
YouTube Cover Song FaceOff: Rihannas We Found Love
Even when your Life is too Dark to see anything...Jesus is still there.
Welcome!
RT Very pleased with our decision to move our DNS hosting to 9 domains moved over so far, only 202 to go!
Thanks a lot!
NoAss is a good thing if: 1.
You're in prison.
2.
You're a fat chick's thong.
3.
You're a fat guy's underwear.
4.
You're a toilet.
Lakers or clippers???
I'm gonna go with the clippers tonight
: Because I love you.
This coffee is
wow I made the biggest mistake ever.
U dont realize what u have until u throw it away.
I really needed him!
Hes the reason I smiled :/
Watching my princess maddie tonight, expect pictaaas ;
My ChiaSeedDiet starts tonight.
Truth or myth?
We will see in this
Strawberry/blueberry/carrot juice while watching snowfall, so peaceful.
I love the way the snow kind of muffles out everything else.
thanks Chuck.
Just checked out and commented on your scout story.
Will follow too.
Kim
Wow what a beautiful day :
rain, rain go away.
that's what all my  say.
you have a bio online?
Great to meet  clinical service meets social media  youth development.
just chillin in the library, gettin lifted
the empire state building is lit up green.
Happy 420
lisa and I just got finished interviewing X for the punk show this sunday!
fucking nervewracking and awesome!
Did my entire language project in 10 minutes
Is actively learning proposal, grant, and narrative writing and is psyched to begin a temp assignment tomorrow
If...
I actually get up that early haa
naw I feel U that's what I'm say'n back in the day the radio on days like this was on hit now there weak..
Call us about your next event
It is through art and through art only that we can realize our perfection.
Oscar Wilde
Great, my mouse just died, of no sleep..
LMFAO !!
Im allergic to him too !
xD
Manic Panic Atomic Turquoise :
i swear to god i only attract assholes.
lol fuck you
I'm just like 'Skins;' I work better in the U.K.
Flipping Out
Haha.
I'm just excited to meet more young pros  enjoy our great city.
: RT : You're a machine!
An excuse is worse and more terrible than a lie; for an excuse is a lie guarded.
Alexander Pope
OMG ISN'T IT SO AMAZING?!
Excited to take my visiting parents to all my favorite eateries:
Woo woo!
Lets go SLC!
RT : It's almost time...
GO doctorGONS!!
Good point.
I'm thinking Timeline killed Facebook.
:
I could really go for a loaded baked potato !
TLC now considering sending each Gosselin child out on their own balloon to get back the nation's attention span.
Jon disagrees.
okay!
got it!
so any color but pink!?
Yea, I totally just got retweeted by Ric Flair....
Just sayin.
I'm gonna blame this terrible game on LeBron
Nice job by Greinke today...looking forward to bouncing back next week.
is coming to chicity!!
shout out to my unfollowers.
Nice 2 have madmen 2 fill the gap left by thewalkingdead.
When Game of Thrones starts back up, I will be in hog heaven.
Yes, hog heaven.
I started being really proud of the fact that I was gay even though I wasn't.
Kurt Cobain
ya i do im not sure what all pics i have on there.
check it out.
schludaddy is my name on there
Its art if cant be explained.
Its fashion if no one asks for an explanation.
Its design if it doesnt need explanation.
Wouter Stokkel
You manufacture your future in the factory of your mind.
Happy August!!
damn good luck
This Shark's announcer might cry on national tv.
youmissedeverything are awesome.
FREETEBOW FOR WINNING A PLAYOFF GAME IN HIS 1ST FULL YEAR AS A STARTER, CHUMPS DONT DO THAT
Sucks that I'm addicted to laying in the pool and it's only been one day; can't wait to get up early tomorrow !!
did you win?
Never let a white person say nigga
yes I would too give it to jeter myself but since he makes millions  he better give me a nice check in return
I'm not saying she's a slut I'm just surprised Facebook hasn't made her vagina a place to 'checkin'
Congrats!
See you in Boulder.
241 Tuesdays ARE BACK by popular demand.
Buy 1 full price body airbrush spray on a Tues in Aug, and you will receive a second for free!
Stay fly skydive no parachute
ReTweet if you LIKE Cheese Steak Tuesdays at Memphis Minnie's !
pay per view
Give us a call if you want one.
8887422542.
Installed Ubuntu 11.04 and wow Unity sure does suck on first impression.
I am going to give it a month.
Right now I just have to knuckle down and hang in there.
Come April 8th I can sleep.
Sure you will, price of flights and luggage.
You're not going anywhere!
LOL LOL LOL
BasketballProblems when your coach tell u that u need to try hard.
is that an egg?
yeah, are you allergic?
no I'm just appalled
Who has the best team name for the DelMarMudoctorn?

I have one of you and your ex together looking al al cute!
Can't wait to up load it either ;
How much  would congressional offices save if they ditched windows and microsoft and moved to linux and Libreoffice?
aww.
I miss you guy.
: if you wanted a shout out, all you had to do was ask me Grex :P
I still feel like absolute nothing.
Thanks fabulous!!
Congrats 2 u :
yeah a tiny bit sucky
There will be an application at the beginning of next semester.
If you want any tips, feel free to let me know!
New Research popout is actually really, really useful.
Google Docs tightens its grip on my work life.
Good for you!
I have never done that you cockass you do that and then crack up at yourself
yea I don't know for sure that's ur real pic babe lol I hope so very nice gorgeous
Another tip  celebrate your milestones on facebook.
Fans love it!
When I'm apart of Peyton's street team but all the news is in the PSA.
leftout I miss Peyton's Facebook.
:/
I wish to see you in concert when are you coming to indianapolis ?
It is a REAL challenge, no doubt!
So many ideas, one just has to prioritize and then focus like Hell!!!!
FutureTweet RT : Eagles cut rookie free agent QB Jacory Harris.
.
'amazeballs'  Today I will be committing this Shanism 2the popular lexicon.
Ap bio tomorrow woo
Anyone out there know MS Access?
Shoot me a note if you do!
LMSunSIG training: faculty training f2f sparsely attended.
Also offer online tutorials
Happy New Year!
Happy Birthday Abs
going to Italy this summer :D
I'd love to catch something tomorrow night.
Suggestions?
I'll be in DC the rest of the weekend, so unfortunately I'll miss a lot.
I just pretended to be asleep on the train so no one would sit next to me..
: / I feel naughty
ok so like I love you and I always read your favorites hoping I'm in them but I'm not..
So fail!!
Ugh but I love you!!
Quantified Self..apps that measure you.
Would you want this much info about your habits from sleep, health, eating, etc.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
The doing is more important than the outcome.
Arthur Ashe
your mother is such a sweetheart.
3
your doctorss at pandora's party was absolutely gorgeous!
and it proved to be very versatile haha looved it!
xoxo
Awesome silent auction sponsored by LoHi businesses to benefit TCC!
Feb 13th join Salon Denver for the I Heart Benefit 68pm
LOL!
RT : They would both lose.
RT who would win in a fight Mose or Tom Haverford
ReStore recycles home improvement goods in Siouxland  Sioux City Journal
do TRX.
In 40 minutes you can burn over 600 calories
Thanks for the follow!
you got it;
any idea if/when you'll be getting an affiliate program?
Henderson says special education students from outside of DC or in private schools are coming back to b/c of improvements
...
I guess you were born on a powerful date?
STOP SPAMMING FRASER  JESSE.
please.
awes yeah wuv you
You know that tightness in your muscles the day after a good workout?
You can get the same feeling just by doctornking for two days straight.
Enforcing a strict 10000 positivity rule for myself.
I call it: The Neg Cleanse.
whos that?
o.O
Yayayayayayayay made my LIFE and followed me 3 thank you
I love college hoops in March...MAC Tourney, no room for error...Let's Go Bobcats!
Good news for commuters.
Via: Crews are moving signs and staging to get the center lanes of the TNBs open!
Feeling rested today!
pedal tavern then dicks private opening.
Happy cinco
But seriously guys, it's 's BIRTHDAY today, so make sure you wish him a good one!
don't you justt hate when ur school doesnt turn on the air conditioning when it 87 degrees outside?
i love your cover from One less lonely girl.
So beautiful!
i like ya  please folow me?
: 
I will eat your heart whole
New cars online , check it out
Bout to eat cookies for breakfast 
a burn
I'm just saying damn shit happens ..branches go down ..circuits pass errors ..5pm is not alway precise
Hey guys please please pray for the Lundy family....
They found their daughter dead this morning.
I would be all over that except I cant get past your physical/mental disability: being Canadian.
Sorry sweetie ;
Niall...you miss your family!
thats what people were saying about stars that made it now lol ask mike jones lol
She got sum jiggle back there!
I like it!
at home that i have to do
Elias Boudinot founded the American Bible Society.
notice me out of 20million BELIEVE 14
Golf Jokes 'Black Balls'!
A Scot  an American were talking about playing Golf during cold weather...Punch line  www.ICUGofStories.com
I agree 100
ok I'm with ya now!
Its so tight when everyone stops texting me at once.
the way that you flip your hair get me overwhlemed
just came back from practice
I like single purpose websites
My fellow Americans PLEASE stop saying myself when you should be saying me.
Hey , iHavent Talked To Yoou Ina While .
What's Up :
Yay!
Glad you're liking it!
That was FREAKING AWESOME you are amazing!!
So talented!!!
HunterIsWanted at F4 row 23 seat 4!
Now finally near 1k tweets
: can't run for at least 6 weeks.
Stress fracture in my right heel :
Congrats on 1.7 million love, you deserve every single one.
:
I hate gold digging a women!
Why ???
aha i knoe right.
It happenend to me before i even had to get a new number!
Light Rail between Camden and North Ave need more spotters to direct people to bus bridges.
That was probably the funniest five minute car ride ever.
We are a proud Silver Sponsors at SugarCon 2012!
Visit booth 117 tomorrow and talk to us about CRM customization
Im sexy and I know it.
u know he's doing work for CSN in Boston right now!
WhiteMamba is
did i mention that the dance battle dude is almost 40???
help help help me please
Let your conscience be your guide.
Its going to be a big year for Konshens.
long live
Never regret your past, because the mistakes of yesterday were only lessons for a much wiser today.
Just Uploaded I Go Hard Go Listen/Download SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat Make Sure To Download Pour Up Push It To 1 On The Charts!
True.
I was twisting it a bit as a baseball reference.
Yes, I'm one of those geeks that takes a glove to baseball games.
Lol
Great news!
Let us know if we can assist.
RT to  in the fall!
Oh, this place has panini now
Beach reads.
Do you have a favorite, and why?
I am pretty sure we are bringing home a new Great Dane pup in a week.
Super excited to add to the family:
RT : A man is but the product of his thoughts what he thinks, he becomes.
Mahatma Gandhi
The greatest compliment that was ever paid me was when someone asked me what I thought, and attended to my answer.
Henry David Thoreau
16 days until band finals, 44 days until the JamesBlunt concert, and 79 days until I turn 29.
hey!
basically if you want to back the project you click the backer reward on the side that you want and it processes it
Potstickers for breakfast...i think so yes
Sorry to hear that!
I actually stopped by to check out your portfolio today and noticed it had changed.
I'm a mature adult Shea!!
Life is so good.
I had a long day at the set in CBS.
I got out on time to celebrate Cinco de Mayo but that will be later.
Now off to sleep!
Z
I can't wait to come see you today!
Your my inspiration!
doctoramComeTrue 3 follow me?
THANK YOU FOR SaySomethin :
Leplets of course
The Divine Light is always in man, presenting itself to the senses and to the comprehension, but man rejects it.
Baby girl you know what I want let me do it to ya, do it to ya Been listening to that nonstop for 7 days!!!!
80 degrees monday.
Snow tomorrow.
48 inches by wednesday.
Some people really dont know when to shut up
they finally found you.
well take off all yo clothes
Project lost ideals and instead became a means to shore up the existing system of scholarly publishing, with all its flaws intact.
Have u ever tried to sleep then some stupid nigga wakes u up
ran out to the old pond to adjust its size in my mind but was distracted by the violins hanging in the trees
Turned out to be 5.5 miles, but I'm not complaining :D
This country would be boring w/o immigrants.
Only the law has changed.
It's not written in stone, either!
Ever seen Miss Liberty?
I will be your friend, I will love you so DEEPLY
Was this meeting planned in advance?
Election day?
Coincidence?
Later bro.
Thx for the unfollow.
When you have 10X more followers than tweets it's always suspect
what were we doing??
I don't remember squirrels.
idk how i would compare them, its good though, i am sure you will like it though!
:
POWER CLAP
Nigga has no chill  RT : Immma re head fan bit,h fuck wit me!!!
Right now my kitchen is cleaner than it's been for a couple of years.
he provided very little details to Joe.
A friend of MM's father was also w/ him when Mike told his father what happened.
Cont...
Clean it and I'll go with you.
Ccd Geoff and Bruce heard any thing from either???
Life is too short.
Screw the hate.
Reciprocate the love.
Have fun and get wild.
See  she should have lots of good examples.
International1DChristmasQuiz ...
I am not familiar with this strange contraption.
Do tell me more about it.
x
Needs to change from an obligation framework to an opportunity framework tanf panel
hahahaha, why do we have to keep reminding you!
At the final did11 keynote: the Google ngrams origin story from the culturomics team.
So true!
RT : Graffitied on I75 bridge: Miami: Sunny place, shady people fact cc:
Wtf axe man!
A double
parents conversed in emails without a massive fight.
it seemed civil, even.
APOCALYPSE, Y'ALL, DANCE TIL THE WORLD ENDS.
Yummy, elegant brunch at La Mie Emelie in Carmel, a stop to look in the fascinating, charming windows at the Museum of Miniature Houses...
Just got back from our first day in the studio and everything's sounding sweet.
So excited for everyone to hear!
Good for you, keep it up!
Sorry but not sure how you can expect me to work this week.
I understand that I get what you're saying but I've worked in healthcare far 2many times the bottom line is  not the patients
Can't wait til Sean Woods is named coach!!!
me too
It's not true that life is one damn thing after another; it is one damn thing over and over.
Millay, Edna St.
Vincent
You're always welcome.
You can sing with us anytime!
gangstas paradise, I'm afraid
I try
Watched that Fox Sports USC video where go around campus interviewing Asian students to basically make fun of their accents.
West side is where you should live.
You won't fit in on the east side.
Fact: Honey is the only food that doesn't spoil.
haha...
let him be.
well,come with us!
BA BA BA BIRD BIRD THE BIRD IS THE WORD DONT U NO ABOUT THE BIRD WELL EVERYBODY NOS THAT THE BIRD IS THE WORD :P
Can anyone help me download google play on tablet?
its downloaded but wont work.
I doctorpped That No More Locked Doors But Damn, Now They Wanna Lock Me Up Tho...
Come meet tomorrow at the gift shop in He's giving fans tix via a special PatsPacerPlayoffParty promotion!
miss you
Nudge of the Day: If you don't like change, you are going to like irrelevance less.
Gen.
Eric Shinseki
Associate order with freedom, peace, and sanity.
Vicki Norris
was great to see you play live with JLs in person at album chart show recording a while back
Best Short Action Film goes to The Shpre
Midnight Possume Murder.
Excellent band name.
Not so excellent occurrence that I heard while trying to fall back asleep last night.
The REAL Deal!
We got some good new projects that we'll be putting out soon.
So beautiful outside after all this good rain.
Need to churn through my work so I can get to the garden and plant potatoes.
So what's everyone giving the lifespan of CD's?
Think they'll still be for sale in 2020?
.
nice to cu today.
Believe it or not really cheered me up.
Will take u up on beer offer soon.
Back from tour working on new songs.
Right back to it!
I was reviewing the real facts behind the recent Federal jobs report  it was raw and ugly.
I think we have religion just to have an excuse to fight when ifyou actually look at it each religon isthe same storyline just tweaked a bit
Babby:There seems to be to me some skepticism about our ability to attract free agents, which I was an agent, I dont get it.
akwardmoment when you say she is fat and they think your talking to them...
Exept the thing is it was a picture of Juliet from the play
I wouldn't know just how sweet this tastes, no, if at first I didn't go through bitter times, through bitter places.
Enjoying the weekend...
what movie / what time ?
You are always able to see your nose.
Your brain just chooses to ignore it.
I luv his songs!
so good!
5 star ratinng from me!
Thanks David.
That was a lot of fun.
I love playing with people who listen.
Nothing finer.
That way it's always new.
2followersthatshoulddate  one day they're loving each other next they're fighting like a married couple.
kenzie..
did he mean to change this account or the official one to the ROtenents?
lol.
we have more followers on the other one so
Thank you for the RT!
Look forward to hearing from you soon!
You can check our website out to for info.
it'll be on mixtape for free download soon!
Shhhhh!!!
doctoroling over the bakeries I see from the bus on my way in to the show.
Happy Thanksgiving!!
Here's what going on el aeropuerto..
sfo flights delayed, car traffic is light, lot C almost full, free coffee coupons
2 years in a row with not a single Illinois school in the tournament?!
HOLY TERRY CUMMINGS!
Uhh...WHOA.
That makes me want to apologize for being a sociologist.
You can't have a fake girlfriend,when you have a real girlfriend....
Make sense?
9 im trying to get curves before the summer .
shhhh 
ME TOO!
o goodness usin twitter has been difficult postsurgery but glad 2 hear u r safe  officially a rightcoaster ; hows it goin?
It feels like a Friday, for serious.
Not running on a class schedule anymore with school out!
Working  study time for next 7 days :
My camera is charging.
IT WILL NOT DIE
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
Morbidly obese people and SEPTA don't mix.
Those are amazing!
How old are they?
4 years ago I was a sophomore in high school living at home..
This is my last doctornk tweet of the night: I fucking hate hipsters so much
: ok cool.lucky wifey you have: why thank you.
good morning!
thank you!
glad to be part of your morning :
Another terrible call...the is a joke.
Good much today your gonna do great!
And remember!
Your a beast!!
;
I don't have all the answers.
I just know this isn't it.
Scratch that, I see that was intentional.
Rough morning for me.
Practice at 4pm ;
The problem of free will seems closely related to the problem of emergence.
I miss your old beat up Toyota, the way you used to hold me, us sneaking out, and the way we kissed.
Most of all I miss you.
There is a gin distillery in Brooklyn and I'm getting a tour Thursday.
Can't wait to tell you more
Little steamy here in Phoenix.
haha hey guess what :P lol ?
Loving 's LazerLight Video!
Her spiked jacket is Sickening I NEED IT!
xoxo and she looks amazing!
3
: shout me out.
I need two more followers to 200 done lol
The doctorveInMob has me watching
Ok, why is ShiaLaBeouf all of a sudden this huge comical phenomenon on tumblr all of a sudden?
I mean it's slightly humorous, but why?!
RT : You never know what could have been, without trying.
I literally just saw this...weird.
Kafe 99 is a super tiny cafe around the corner from my studio.
Treat/18th.
Yeah  Hemingway is definitely worth the second chance!
RT : Whenever I see the number 1701 in the wild, a little part of my nerdsoul smiles.
The more and more I think about it, the less I like Denver.
OKC...
I see you!
Hell yea!
I think I'm going to start RT : That'd be amazing!
RT What if we all talked as of Shakespeare?!
Im a picture taking freak when I get bored..
One outta two aint bad!
Listening to Onukpa Shwarpo from the Bokoor Beats comp, and it sounds like they are singing, MoonPie shuffle.
Now I want a MoonPie.
Go Bret favre!
I'm impressed
Went to the Pt Defiance Zoo today.
Saw lots of exotic  unique animals, including and way south of their normal habitat
HELP Committee passes FDA user fee bill by voice vote, Sanders the only no
fake niggas stay fuckin up the plans, hiphop need me like uncle sam
Grabs popcorn Ready!
RT : RememberWhen SOON with our very own Stay Tuned!
good call.
Death Cab  a great addition to any mixtape!
Can some of the big influential atheist people please speak up about how offensive using shit like creatard is??
Will You ever come to san diego california AskAlexConstancio P.S Love You
Wondering how to get a book featured in Starbucks, a la Beah, Albom and Hosseini.
Any idea out there?
You're ridic.
Some days are harder than others, any tips on how to get through them?
YEA MARY PRANTIL PRETENDS 2 B G/F OF MARRIED PRODUCER HANI SALAMA LMAO THE BITCH IS LOST
Hey!
What are you doing tomorrow at 2PM?
Come to St.
Pious to watch UNM and the NM Brujos rugby match!
my favorite jewelry is a charm bracelet
I mean creating an honest representation of who you are and what you do.
Goddamn I Fuckin love hearing Journey on the radio.
maybe you like it in forever 21 or something at millcreek
I love how I fall asleep to him, and wake up to him.
It makes my nightday:
Been searching for 1on1 personaltrainers that work out of bayview strength/aerobic/flexibility.
Anyone have suggestions?
Lots of options!
yea I'm sad but you helping me come out of it appreciate you : I feel better already
FOLLOW ME BACK: 17
OH: As long as its food, and it's not coconut, I like it.
awesome!
If you do today, like you did yesterday, you never get the fullness out of today.
Its a new Day, think on things that r new.
Still plenty of time to get all 16 CE online at www.TuckerSchool.com!
Brokers should be able to go online to renew May 1 at www.in.gov/pla
Don't forget to consider PBS, TED Talks, iTunesU, and MERLOT as learning objects in your courses, says Alicia Tucker
Bag It is on WHUT right now.
Just started if you haven't seen it.
Good night!
love you all 3
we normally have routine.
Same deal:homework when he gets home.
But the last 2 days have been difficult
Thanks so much for the wonderful mention!
So cold!
Normal rutine!
Cross country at 7:30...
And basketball at 7:55 : can't wait untill health class!
I love that teacher..:
Happy birthday Corwhore!
:D
The Detroit Lions are getting a lot of love on Sunday NFL Countdown this morning.
Homewatch CareGivers Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
It's really funny how right when I get home from school, my mom planned my whole entire weekend for me...
haha wth?
As a familyowned business, we always look for opportunities to give back to the community.
Email us for fundoctorising options.
Have any questions for mister , entrepreneur, biographer, and philanthropist?
Tweet them in!
Sounds like someone got his money's worthif not more.
2012 is definatly the year of the ratchets go back in a hole please its hard to find class these days
come back pleasee my sister wants to meet u again...
St.
Patty's Day Google search: corned beef and cabbage dinner  your zip code.
Works well in Chicago.
Oh, that's nice to know that there might be some humor as well.
You Vandal Fight For First Inside the Target Car Roswell Bridge of Lions THIS SATURDAY!
For real, the IN M0tion team is taking over this summer.
If there's a venue you know is the absolute place to be, let me know.
A new initiative from PushPush and the NEA giving individual artists opportunities usually only available to arts organizations!
8/15.
7pm
no worries.
A great Rose is 2009 Unti
Life is Really Simple, but men Insist on Making it Complicated Confucius
Hope for West Liberty Kentucky.
This is my home town and as most of you know it was destroyed by a tornado and killed  injured many people
Commissioners don't feel valued by the city council...
saying they don't want traffic in the name; want to take on other issues too.
I love when you guys favorite my tweets !
Makes my day !
Wearing tank tops to work 
Didn't see the game, but the Bulls held the Magic to 59 points.
Get me one while you're out, would you?
;
About to post highlights from my last 2 weeks of blogging.....
Hi !
Love the baby penguin graphic
Ur such a good DADDY ; bestesssss DADDY ever!
Made it through first softball game of the season.
Wasn't pretty but lots of fun!
Laying down on the kitchen counter like a rebel.
I will not stand for another home made meal.
I want fast food!
My vision was just time slots at two booths w/laptops.
Others?
Watching Alien on IFC  Cant wait for
Broncos not done.
Need another WR, a TE, a better backup to McGahee.
Defense needs more too.
No more Dawkins  Bunkley a FA
Ugh, I want those freaking Jeffrey Campbell Nokea's!!!!!!!!!!!!
Officially have lost 50lbs!
The last few have been hard.
Lesson what it takes to get there is not what it takes to get to the next level.
be their a lil later.
Where bout you goin.?
some ppl treat Franny like a reputable person too RT : Francesa: People are treating Twitter like it's a legitimate news source.
quot;Hunger Gamesquot; battles quot;Bridesmaidsquot; at MTV Movie Awards
It's part of NBA's Green Week...do it every year.
Like Xmas in April.
Got your shopping done?
omg I agree 100
frozen.
:p
Shamisterck shuffle was a good time.
Now just hanging out with everyone in the city.
Can't wait to move back.
Charlie Kelly: King of Rats
Hey!
We missed the PLN portion this am.
Had to hold forth for the whole 45 mins.
Sad thinking I will never again work on Desperate Housewives.
Great bunch of freinds.
Fun set.
Mixing with a doctornk in hand!
fiscal pension reform must not cause taxpayers more money than what it claims to save.
I'm about to doctorp my new hit single, Nothing but a butt on the operating table.
Thanks for the mention, sir!
RIPLewisMighty god has bigger plans for you x
bedoctorom walls QA: What is the best way to clean a piece of gold jewelry and cover or remove some noticable scrathes?
;
If it ever snows in Florida, it will truly be a cold day in hell.
Put God in the middle of everything that you do!
Todays special !
Make any hot dog a combo for 1.00 more...
Conceptualizing a study that looks at markets for African American hair.
Some days I feel like a whale with all those attachments Wait, it must have been too many glasses of wine!
But I digress.
Night everyone!
Welcome aboard Manning!!!!!
It's great to be a Colorado sports fan!
Does anyone have any thoughts on ITT?
More interested in what employers think than current students, but give me your thoughts on the school
sunday, grinders, share some stories
I wanna tell you something but you will just yell at me
your dad lol
Need to find a coffeehouse where I can stare off into space with the rest of the doctoramers.
Hi Darrah!
Pretty professorle picture :
Today is region 8 history day with judging at the Museum Center.
Stop by to check out the exhibits and encourage these young historians.
chocolate in batches soon...
easter !
He lovin tha crew  see what i did their  .
We are!
BUSY BUSY BUSY :
damn huge day then
Belated FF to , , , , Welcome to the weekend!
RT : Wondering how many jobseekers have inflated senses of value...
RealityCheck hfchat jobhuntchat HARSH, but true
Are you sleeptweeting?
if you don't do Bizarre Ride to the Pharcyde Ill make fun of your moms and say she has a glass eye with a fish in it.
My Outlook Calendar is full for the week.
Now taking bets on how much of it is going to be rescheduled around one client.
i heard someone call Facebook Fakebook and they were in the younger generation so does that mean..
it has truly jumped the shark?
Democrats can win without the backing of big labor, but they can't win without American workers
Natalie I love your spread!!!
Filmmaker Darren A.
Saunders
Well it's time for the main event Lakers vs
wanted to watch oscar nominees and knit all day but work had other plans.
I think 61 should pay me 20 for a 12 hr DJ at there house at Woodfest on Saturday.
I throw down.
Lol
RT : any jazz musicians in Columbus Ohio?
I gots a gig for ya there
I gotcha!!
lol
Joffrey Barathean is Mike Matheny.
The Hound is Berkman.
Can't figure out who would be Tyrion?
Imagine playing 7 minutes in heaven with the boyz...
and being the only girl
Just invented new challenge of spinning my earbuds at different speeds in each hand.
Totes harder than it sounds.
I know, right??
...my Seattle Mariners just got perfect gamed fuckme
Coolness is strictly defined by how accepted you are by mainstream/corporate entities...DUH!
i'm sure it will be another winner!
New iPad is beautiful!
hi Jordina, let's talk!
Email Carol at and we can set up a time to talk and move forward.
Thank you!
cast party tonight.
This is going to get crazy
the descendants for best picture at oscars?
It really wasn't such a good film.
It had good ingredients, but wasn't too moving.
I wanna swim with dolphins!
i am still in love with barry trunk i will wait for him forever, i will love him always the same, barry and i are soulmates
The amount of love is getting on my TL 
I did laundoctor last night, does that count?
James Atlas in : They're going to accomplish...effective marketing and distribution oreally?
To which bookstores?
You a sad Fan.
L.A.
BAKERS...
Crying all over the court
Awesome.
I wish I was as together as you at that age.
: Coming out and learning to be myself no matter what anyone thought.
Sunday sounds good !
What are you thinking?
See all of you lovely people tonight at .
Come out and say Hello to us
Need to release some stress!!
Come by our booth at Wordstock this weekend.
Books, magnets, earrings, and details on our newest project, Smoke!
i was wonder maybe i could make you my baby if we did something crazy;
So you're gonna wave off a 16 vs dealer's 9 and then get mad at her when you lose.
Yeah, it's HER fault that you suck!
Migraine ugh
Haha oh you ugly!
;
FF  learn how the Sanford C.
Bernstein  Co.
Center trains the next generation of biz leaders in ethics 
so long bitch you did me so wrong, i dont wanna go on living in this world, without you.
Someone already won.
Sorry
: Sometime u jus have to wait n be patient n ur blessin will come.
hope so cuz
Had a doctoram I met and we were talking about my pageant!
Lord if it be your will!!!
Make it an epic day tweeties :
ill bring the chicken
See you tonight at the Squealing Pig for LISSA/ALASC Fall Semester KickOff!
This is climate, I promise: It would take approximately 84,375,000 gallons of water to fill the Rose Bowl to the rim.
Something I love...walking through my museum before anyone gets here :
What is your favorite FrankSinatra song?
Yeah!
Give me a call!
I'm lying.
Lol.
Next week we in there.
Curious how your social media traffic might change You have a beautiful family.
Enjoy Mother's Day weekend!
Today's wedding soundtrack brought to you by: the ice cream truck rolling through the neighborhood.
WOW I just worked out for 3 hours
Alternative is to buy some FA help, but I doubt MA is going to OK more spending.
The most important part of the story is the ending
I literally had the EXACT SAME conversation with myself 5 minutes ago.
How?
How??
Texas Academic librarians interested in some free Intellectual Freedom posters  flyers?
Contact
Some friends are taking me out to dinner for my birthday.
it was and I won't ever do it again unless it is someone I know and would do it for.
Yeah but it sucked!
It was crowed and yuck
Well I can make that happen!!
Im giving Britt a helicopter ride next Thursday!
Should be fun!
so how's your turf toe are you playing this weekend?
hope its getting better
Fun game: How many of your Facebook friends have FBliked Nickelback?
The angel falls in Venezuela are nearly 20 times taller than Niagara Falls.
Hope is the thing with feathers, that perches in the souland sings the tune without the words.
And never stopsat all.
Emily Dickenson
Missed the metro by 1 second!
sadface.
Evidently, you can tell Rush Limbaugh to fuck off.
OKAY COME OVER SOON AUSTY JUST BOUGHT NEW AXE ;
Haha, agreed!!!
I use it quite often.
RT Props to FSD recognizing the 1 year anniversary of Verlander's no hitter vs the Blue Jays.
O Lord Jesus  Rom.
10:9; 12b13 .....and rich to all who call upon Him; For whoever calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved..
Does anyone remember that creepy Second Life thing?
Are people still engaging in that wierd avatar world?
If so they should stop.
haha, the maraschino's will be on the ice cream later.
Those are cherry tomatoes : 
Tebow is my hero what up merril hoge?
stophatin suckitsteelers tebow averaged 31 yards per completion stop crowding the box on him
You two will win!!!!!
RT : ThingsBabyMamasSay Maury, I am 1000 he's the father of my baby, look at their nose and ears.
I don't have the same feelings about eleanor  louis as i do danielle  Liam.
maybe it's cause I've always had a soft spot for hannah, idk.
What Do You Think of The AmericanJobsAct?
Never mind I see that you already did but could you ask you friend to follow me and Bella Thorne
Likely Ruby, but TBD.
Saw you , nice presentation!
Ping me if you want to chat 2064208456 or
I never go to the trainer.
Probably bad for me but I don't ever want to sit out on anything
What up doe
recommendations for a half marathon playlist?
we had an issue with our first shipment, but we should have more in tomorrow afternoon!
so how have you guys been?
crazy weather where you live?
This girl I'm sitting next to on the bus right now legit smells like cupcakes
Thanks for following!
We absolutely LOVE your childoctorn's book...will there be more?
I'm sure it's getting busy for Sun 'n' Fun.
Good day to you all.
thanks for the follow.
I have some fresh stuff for you!
Why do people have to say really poopy things to me first thing in the morning?
It's only 6am and I still need more coffee.
Grrrrrr
Armour Home Electronics Introduces The Q2 WiFi Radio In The United States
RT Going for duke tonight!!
I've just been very surprised to hear people say this has no effect on overall marketability for sponsors.
Cartoon Network's 'Beware the Batman' Teaser Hits the Web  Hollywood Reporter
Stop Smoking lol
Thanks dude!
The roman numerals are my wedding date...
Turned out great!
i get lost in ur Pretty Brown Eyes
Plans change when you're talking about one of the ten greatest QB's of alltime
Really George Hill?
Your actions make you look like Bynum.
Only today?
It's 2012 and jeans are more expensive than slacks.
Why not wear them everyday?
haha!
You saved so much money on your car insurance!
At the car repair place, and fox is on.
Obvi having a great morning.
and have no future good picks say thanks to carson
Somehow I don't believe you!
;D
Mom is helping Niko Bellic choose more appropriate clothes.
She doesn't like his style.
I thought I saw your reflection in a cigarette machine
It really sucks, how after everything, you're still the one I want Hearing Your Voice makes everything all right.
GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE GLEE.
I love catching the cheaters, but I hate hate breaking the bad news or confirming the bad news.

wow.
I'd not seen those before.
what a simply astounding performance of Born Under Punches.
xJets00Lifex if you're a Sneakerhead then follow gt; iantunes113 ...he can hook you up with a discount to karmaloop
Correction: Detroit will upset Kansas in the first round and take the tournament by storm cinderellastory RT
National Ave / Greenfield area have some issues.
I like the area you are looking at.
Sign up for our email updates and we'll do our best to keep you literated!
Give Up The Gimmicks: How Groupons And Coupons Can Damage Your Brand  Fast Company
Happy Monday Thanks so much for the SHOUTouts  Have a stellar day!
Can not wait till my iPod gets here
this summer: BBQing  my place!!!
if you can tweet you can mint!
your a fucking slut.
Die slow
I need to see  STAT.
wow, Jimmy Kimmel is slaying em.
lol dang I know u was irritated ...yea it's cool I had got a flat tire and knocked the air pressure sensor off
Nestor Carbonell just walked by, lost sdcc best of luck on The Ringer
RT : RT : All these May 4th people...Don't they know hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster?
Ok so I'm an official fan of supra's smh
Congrats to Tim Hays on Caroline Street, who won our donated house history at the Dupont Village auction!
What's the scoop on opening date?
Good baristas are hard to come by and well appreciated!
cant wait to find that kind of love!
iight bro I got u
Yay!
RT : Ready to start building some great work for Help us welcome another new client,
WBBM reports low voter turnout.
Come on, Illinois!
Your vote matters.
OPIUM HARD ROCK baby!!!
I haven't been out in 4ever....GRANT ME MY WISH,  !
i want YOU to be all mine.
rehearsal for what?!
I wanna see!
Ready to get your new business off the ground?
Hit us up 2day for a quality, professorssional web presence!
Loving the Google logo video today!
we didn't really like February anyway
you in the clouds bout to hit Jupiter?
Delish apps and cocktails
I appreciate the fact that we still keep in contact with one another, though.
across from registration on lowest level
Cool!
We are also using UBD.
Would love to share units.
Its sucks enough having to walk through insanely congested city sidewalks at 5pm.
But now I have to dodge ur 8ft diameter umbrellas too.
Hope all ya'll had a blessed Easter w/your fam  loved ones.
That hoodie go hard bro
no: well lets still do something
Pagliacci Pizza building new restaurant in Madison Valley via: cc:
Just got hooked up with Google Wave!
thanks...
Can't wait to try it out.
doctorg addiction is a disease, and whether you know it or not, relapse is very very much a part of recovery.
Spoken from a professorssional point.
So over it; this keeps getting worse every week.
I seriously want it to be fixed, sobad.
yea we needa gone and set that up
nah man, long beach still.
Any plans to come down here?
Been too long dude!
YouKnowShesTheOne if she can shave her head and still look like a woman.
sorry you missed FoodieandTheBeast at dc   I ate your Penne Allan Vodka  fun
why is Larry Fitzgerald so sweaty?
omfg!
:D so happy for you!!
: who is the iPad dev from Bethel?
// That would be the amazing artist, filmmaker, and cool guy:
btw I'm in Seattle  then San Francisco next week.
You are traveling near there?
when's the doucheitor followup come out?
How does a pig write home?
With a pig pen.
Hey everyone!
sorry i havent been on lately...busy.
but im back  for good.
:
Bye bye doctorse.
Coach tom.
What were u thinking?
Thomas on fire early!
Great hand there
Eff you for this text: Seeing the Black Keys, Avett Brothers, and Trampled by Turtles all in the next month.
On this date: In 1780, during the Revolutionary War, the besieged city of Charleston, S.C., surrendered to British forces.
Escapism and conformism are both forbidden..we do not seek to preserve our holiness by escaping the world....
Cool, thanks for the link.
Such tasty looking restaurants and nice hotels
My uncle got pissed because I was blasting at 4 in the mourning!
C:
If being sexy was a crime i'm not sure you would get charged...or even get a jury summons....
God bless you.
I am happy to know your relationship is filled with His love and favor.
:
The teamakers are still creating the freshest tea surprises.
Make sure you ask what's cookin'.
Watching this old skool Simpsons ...still funny...but Family Guy is kiling they azz!
Customer loyalty and employee engagement is the key to the growth of your company.
Learn how RTOREWARDS can help!
Tanning like a boss.
Who the fuck gets panda express for breakfast
Bitch irritating as fuck
I'm an enigma, don't even try to figure me out.
I bet he will love that!!
Great article yesterday
4 reminders / day to take some shots.
Find a subject  take 3 shots of the same pose with 3 different backgrounds.
Do you like all of them?
To the BAMA fan that just chose to NOT pay your tab at Phoenix Sky Harbor, you just robbed my sister
Register and pay before Dec 24th and be entered to win a free iPad2!
sometimesiwonder why so many people can't tell the difference between reasons and excuses...
Terrible what happened but I commend you on the way you handled the interview.
Like a professorssional and a champion
I think it's taking as long to load the picture as it did for you to bake the tart
is taking shape b/c of Girl Power!
It's almost the weekend!!!!!!!!
Live it up, school starts again on Monday.
your welcome
It's the only way to own it.
Thanks love!
Back at cha!
That feeling when you get your nails done
I hope you had a great day!
Man and Woman of the Year Nominations are available soon.
Very sweet of you to say!
I had a blast singing Journey, The Calling, Hunter Hayes, and Rick Springfield on the premiere!!
if he never go out wit you in public then
Watching my first episode of gameofthrones I really don't think Im smart enough for this.
There's so much anger!
have show choir auditions in a bit.
If thats all ur gonna say dont bother texting me at all!
We must dare, and dare again, and go on daring.
Georges Jacques Danton
Wonder how tonight is gonna go?: Butterflies,so bad right now!
How fake, now they are hugging her!
When they should have stopped Tami from jump!
: Only by spending time with a Pisces will you be capable of an intense view into their feelings.
Kinda true..kinda
Cutting my Ortiz short.
The collar suffocates me..
Hi!
Guys I haven't been on twitter at all mostly cuz school and homework but I'm back now so ,,,,,,,, Helloo : 
The best part of Unknown?
Watching January Jones blow up.
I think there's a weight limit for any human female walking around the CNN center.
It is 100 pounds or less.
She promises a champagne sip and reinstated pay if 100k is raised in the video.
Oh Etsy!
You broke when I was messaging a Bridetobe back about a 6 piece order for her wedding!
Jeepers!
etsy etsybitch Earthquake?
iwny for the pitch event at 1 today.
I wonder which five twitter submissions were chosen!
Grading, grading, and more grading.
Followed by Metadata group meeting for Digital Curation class.
Dear MSSQL experts, Is there anything you should do after creating new indexes in SQL Server 2008 R2?
Started getting ads that ask Single and Republican?
on Facebook.
IT IS PRONOUNED NUCLEAR.
F
That's the only song on my work playlist....
Goodnight Austin3
Our Holiday movie this year:The Artist.
The opening credits were all the rehabituation we needed.
With Pleasure indeed!
yum!
I wanna stop in there and get some pizza dough...
Yes!
Dinner on you!
:D : Finally got my paycheck!
Sign at Miller Park today said bring back , I think that's a 100 correct
Im nice by nature.
Im only an asshole when people take it for granted.
That extra late night snack wwas definitely not needed.
Run tomorrow, needed.
And summer will unfortunately be disjointed enough to disrupt efforts to solidify schedule, social network.
I hate feeling down...
Sorry if I am being a asshole to anyone just somethings make me mad
Settling in for the night with ep 2 of Luck on
u a simple minded nigga.
Everyone in industry wears it for photoshoots.
I was play but didnt kno ur stupid for real yo
US wide!
Open to everyone to purchase!
AhJust saw that already posted the Dube article
The fact that I can hear from my room lol
At red Robbin with my love :
RT : Need a more sophisticated consent system that enables more granular sharing.ONC gets it right re: behavioral health!
Today marks the start of my birthday month.
I fully expect everyone to kiss my feet for the next 31 days.
Is that so much to ask?
Fancy your interest?
watching DogTheBountyHunter is what inspired me to go to law school : I look up to beth.
MessageToMyHaters Cheers!
I doctornk to you
Oh my man i love him so, he'll never know
I propose today's MBA student learn, employ, and seal every deal with a hearty Jim Harbaugh Handshake.
besides, i think that by sharing ones own accomplishments, it doctorves others to want to have great accomplishments as well
Photoshoot with Brooklyn!
WITH BUBBLES!!!!
I ain't even gon front girl I think you is the one So lets fall asleep with the moon and I will greet you with the sun
Mikey I will not go to sleep until you follow !!!
Haha jk ima crash soon but please followe her b4 I do!!:
But aren't we supposed to be using rdbi now?
Perhaps Mitt Romney's first name should be changed to Biff.
You're the best
: Quit acting like a bitch, you hoe ass nigga.
With 7:11 to play in the first half DU holds a 5 point lead over 2520 Stafford leads the the Pioneers with 8 pts
Ford is introducing five new electrified vehicles by 2013
that's too soon
Steve Blake?
Are they joking?
On to next Broadway show, 's The Columnist.
I LOVE the Advertising image!
:Meandmygirlfriend are really worried that our parents will never approve of our relationship.Especially our dad.
Well, that was anticlimactic in a monumentally awful sort of way.
Welcome back to America.
what good is capitalisim if its against the rules to win..and enjoy the fruits of labor
woah tht girl has some issues ...
Haha nope ur not even close to that you waay soo much nicer !
:
mhhmm what to do????
today i got shocked by a plug :O my arm went num :P lol
Did you hear the Pacers huddle when their coach said, do it just like Mavericks did?
But then they lost :
On my way to the gym :
Megan fox, Kate upton, alba, Scarlett....
I really think Lil Wayne is gay
please please go!!
Discovered new bike route into fern mpls: priorGilbertClevelandst AnthonyBeverlyst anth to E River and u know the rest.
Tight!
3 of 16 in race for WSOP Main Event seat...we!
Just realized why has been complaining why she needs to poop....its a full moon tonight
Being single doesn't mean no one wants you, it means God is busy writing your love story.
justin bieber is calling girls now!
..
one every night !
check www.calljustinbieber.com RT !
haha you would think
My oldest son made a list of songs I'm not allowed to sing.
The top of the list is Timberlake's Sexy Back.
It's good to know who the real friends and the backstabbers are.
Just remember what goes around, comes around.
quot;Avengersquot;: The Hulk Gets HackedMark Ruffalo's Twitter Account Hijacked  Forbes
Also, Kindle Fire does not report itself as mobile!
got u that sounds like a good move mamaa so happy 4 u ...
we in the booth asap when u get back ,, love u cus
it was because I was a junior I bet!
We will be holding a Penn State vs Pitt Tournment all weekend long at the Pittsburgh Mill Mall...Come show us who has more spirit!
lol sorry it's late.
I was at work last night!
All things are difficult before they are easy.
Thomas Fuller.
Well said!
RT : Happy people understand that to enjoy life you LIVE it  you dont THINK about it.
We will miss u 2..but were not going anywhere anytime soon!!
HappyHour tonight is going to be epic!!
Aww gee thx!
RT : Been in Arizona for nearly six weeks  I'm missing that wonderful meatloaf from
I love you!
3
Have yourself a merry little Christmas/ Let your heart be light/ From now on our collops will be in plain sight.
yeah, I know that DJ have other band that he is in its call SIXX AM
Lovely ladies topless everywhere!
Where you at again?!
Im just a lucky man for the woman I have
Man everyday I pray I run into you when the week is over..literally pray
Just admit you do John  no shame in your game!!
A Taco Stand at a wedding reception!
Awesome!!
Prom prom prom prom.
Thank you for all the follows!
The Tonight at 7:40 MJ holding down week 5 tune in and hear why hes on it!
RT if your not a hater!
lol
Hahaha...
thumb bitings.
Thanks for reminding me.
Haha she said smile for me daddy, so I showed her my grillz
hah, me too.
she's definitely 'meh'
Who wants to get Chinese with me after school?
Ali bailed 
Focus of is returning to connecting consumers to local biz.
4 nashvilleflood relief info, follow us
Congratulations to of the , the newest President of the !
Humans resemble earthworms in how they're always out on the sidewalk after it rains.
what happened?
Miss your flight?
lecture, internship, tutorial prep,...
tired
you are super talented and inspiring : your songs were amazing!
How long before my new paperless philosophy offsets the environmental impact of my recent iPad purchase?
Do I need to live 200 years?
I've been vegan for a decade maybe?
We should touch base at BWENY to see if we can eat together!
i NEED to read a tjy young adult novel!
better than today is another perfect song to get yr blood going when it's down n out
Mention this post and receive 1 off doctorfts during Pens game at 2pm!
Hell, there ain't nothing else going on.
asked me what my thoughts on men  dating were, I asked him if he heard J Coles lights please
Thanks for the mention!
I know I am flying high!
down at Curtis bay rec center to share
According to my friend statistics show that if you like someone for more than 4 months you love them.
So I must have loved many guys....
You KNOW Mike Smith has thought to himself at least once I'll be the extra man.
thank you friendly guy at GSLIS help desk for your assistance.
You rock!
Thanks!
We're glad you enjoy it!
RT : The feed might be my favorite thing about Tumblr
Thank you for the follow.
haha okay and no problem 3 please tell ur friends about my music!
TextsThatGetYouScared do you like surprises?
Put your tongue back in your mouth .
Who do you think you are Gene Simmons?
A San Diego bar has a Halloween party listed as an upcoming event.
I was going to tweet them about it but they haven't tweeted in a month.
LETSGETJOOOOOOSED!!!
at 's house
Dont Miss anhkc events Bread Dinner in conjunction with breadkc and Kansas City Moving Images by local film makers, both tonight at 7:00
yes!
It's really just starting, but we're hopeful and excited.
wow late not sure yet
Happy Mothers Day To Jada Pickett Smith Your Son Everybody LOVES Him U Raised Him Well And Im Talking About Jaden Christopher Syre Smith
4 more years?
No way!
BHO has proven himself UNFIT for the job.
Voters know better now than in 2008.
ROMNEY IS MORE QUALIFIED!
The cleaning lady?
Someone come write this 5 page English paper for meh!
D:
I know your heart broken and I am too, to see you have fallen for my friend isn't cool /3
2025 of HIV people do not know they have HIV.
Knowledge is power!
Know your status  get tested!
YAAAAY The first star has followed me!!!
You know, if you'd follow me I'd pretty much have the whole Toledo News Now newsroom following me.
THAT awkward moment when your listening to a slow songs in a row and a fast song comes on and messes up your mood
I found your post off Google.
Here's some you might want to try.
rememberthemilk.com requall.com gopingme.com
RT : 's Blue Crew Kids Club packages make great gifts!
Order by Monday to receive in time for the holidays!...
Would love a model for I90 traffic
you're right; there are too many symptoms of people being left out, ignored, treated badly on so many fronts!
someone invented lickablewall paper!!
gross
Alright, last tweets for the day b/c I'm actually supposed to be on the road to my parents' now.
Thank you: an me too
Why is everything at the apple store so damn expensive?
The ref looks like he belongs as part of the Sons Of Anarchy cast
thanks for the FF!
Every day, I'm just slightly irked that 's map of front pages defaults to the East Coast.
yes very much do but we have been getting a lot of growth lately .
10k in transaction within 2 weeks so people seem to like it.
Still can't believe I'm going to see tonight!
:' I want to kidnap them ok
She'll be here Sunday, but the rain has already started.
Dear 's Slug; will you be my date to my senior prom?
3
guess who WILL be at church to see you on Sunday!
NBA Playoffs 2012: Power Ranking the Championship Favorites, 2 Games in  Bleacher Report
GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime The Crystal Method  Vegas
I prefer the Bieber Christmas album.
I bet you secretly have a Bieber shrine in your bedoctorom.
PhrasesIWishWouldDie......OrNaw it had a good run
Systemic error in Math216 grade calculations.
Time to go fill out correction forms at the Registrar's office.
Yay.
LMFAO recount, it's my week so I don't understand why we don't just split it?
Cause it is MY week
Singing up at shark city bar and grill!
ps it's snowing here if it makes you feel any better!
my birthday wish is to get a follow from you!!
make it come true!!
Thank you for reaching out!
What is your neighborhood of specialty?
OMG Elijah is back!!!
I love him
Can you shufflin ?
yep, best of times for a few, worst of times for many...
Just typed infortunately instead of unfortunately.
Might like that spelling better.
I think it says, You diseased ridden ho bag!
Aspire for more or retire you whore!
what's good with you how have you and the fam been
Just trying to get better  stay prepared
Man, Im going to miss my wife this weekend.
She's going home to visit her fam.
So..............
who wants to do something?
Personalized image versus mass marketing.
sad thing is, I actually wrote that.
I mean that's what everybody wants right, for Westbrook to keep shooting?
Awesome strategy.
Also Beware: The fog is thick this morning ..
visability less than a quarter of a mile from the central Minnesota into Western Wisconsin.
oh brother.
she's been equally moaning about the lack of features in apps and cuddling the Angie Pad all day.
I must have heard the same guythere just a bit earlier than you!
Can you get me their info?
Come back soon!
Some of the team will be in Copenhagen in early July, hope to see you then.
Tomorrows friday and hopefully I have a good day!
Myers couldn't hit the broad side of a barn...from the inside.
Hmm.
It may be time to stop being so damn passive.
Exciting news: I'm now writing about startups, entrepreneurs, and the growing tech scene in Los Angeles for
Tummy ache.
doctorft beer is the reason.
But I also think it could be a solution.
no.u not
RT  should top everyone's list of finest Southern California wines.
Show tonight to tiny's on the northside!
Last time I rocked there it was 400 in the building we gonna dub up on tht this time!
Be there
Lil Twist  Lil Chuckee was all young with them Lil ass girls in THA back , aha
and me are planning our wedding soon sorry I nullified our vegas slip up shes a detroit girl now
S/o to tryna c what your beat packages hitting on fam
holy shit.
I turn 18 next year.
oh my..
Hey Keith O Current doctorp the ball you are talkiing and msnbc has already showed what happen and the guy''Cpmeon big guy get it right
EXCLUSIVE: Millarworld 2012 Goes Viral Mark Millar goes back to school to promote his incoming Millarworld line of comics from HitGirl
Heyho, what should i call you?
welcome  don't let anyone make you feel blue !
We are now linked with a solid sponsor One OC and look forward to better times.
thanks man 
Tobacco is born a gentleman, and in its economic development at each step it acquires titles and honors by reason of its color, it's aroma,
my fav food and my fav film in one single tweet  it must be christmas!
Are you as tired as I of blind tweets solely written to make you click?
I think it borders on being rude.
Hello Twitter world!
Been MIA for a bit, huge site launch coming this month for a national AEC firm.
Woot!
okay I'll talk to you :
Just finished Inside the world of espn Long, informative and inspiring.
Olbermann, Kornheiser, and Simmons the clear rebels.
although our country kick can begin after tonight, it won't be complete until Pittsburgh decides to stop being a fuck
lol forgot to mention ass too .!!
what .!?
you a bigger fag
and dance teacher want one.
2 people paid.
I'm just gonna have to pay the extra 
Whats the point of making doctor appointments if they dont see you till way after the time they told you to be here?
a liter of woodford it is!
Time to sit down and watch some Chelsea action.
COME ON YOU BLUES!
you are still weird.
Lol
caught up with writing.
now for edits.
3x5 cards everywhere with story ideas.
where do i begin?
So is it about the vibes the person sends out, or how you interpret them?
I'm kind of asp'y so I'm bad with social cues...
What I do when I like somebody: 10  Talk to them.
90  Stare.
At least Truex gave it everything he had...
twice.
Why the fck to people bleep out fck?
Holy fck, its just fuck.
Q3 Indifferent, but...
Might get mispronounced lame  Do we really want another acronym?
Mentions are dead...
:L :P izzy
Who let you that close to the equator?
Gingers shouldn't go south of the MasonDixon line.
Prague airport to be renamed after the late President Vaclav Havel.
Yay.
Hopefully, CSA will play Vltava when landing, again.
I think most of the time people just want an encouraging word...
A real friend is someone who walks in when the rest of the world walks out :
RT : my,When UR right about an issue, how necessary is it to make the other person wrong?
Me too i dance to it everyday and i never get tired of it
Does any woman ever think, oh damn a man with a flavor saver and a mustang, what a prize!?
Guys.
Rethink these things.
Pennant rehousing is going smoothly.
Coolest one today?
A 1919 pennant with Sherwood Magee's photo on it.
Not sure how serious CBosh's abdominal strain is, but I had one about 3 weeks ago and it doesn't feel good...AT ALL!!!
go to menu, professorle, then edit at the top.
Jeff Suppan made a bad career decision in 2007.
He signed with the only major league team he could still beat.
Bout time tho damn
Tally Benyon/Wolfram Alpha demos Mathematica.
Glad I minored in math!
Merry Christmas to every one of my followers hope you guys have an awesome day!:
Not sure, send me an email with some detail.
Thanks!
It is great to have a yummy treat that fills you up and is easy to grab and go.
I love them with coffee!
Empire District Electric to reforest Joplin this weekend.
Good to see you at the event last night!
NF ; tweetzz !!!
That moment when you wanna fake a cold to get out of school  your mama says go to the nurse :/ o
RT My life has not been this stressful since...
well...
since my parents got divorced.
You fucking tripping.
RT : Push back...what is different about pbl today?
I know...I'm hungry
Thanks so much guys!
You're so kind!
yeah it's def not edgy but i'm def watching her
hell yea I need plenty help lol..
but I gotta do this sumhow
Wish I had someone to hangout with over this three day weekend.
Well, I guess it's time to get to doctornkin.
yo bitch i weigh 88 cents but ill still kick your ass bill chin
Now dinosaurs.
Its like a Nova sampler.
made it on team revert!
: everyone follow and my personal twitter
this movie doesn't even make sense.
I'm so confused!!
RT : lol either that or they gotta shyt hit em wit the 4KNUCKLES lol I'm bout ready to open hand 5 knuckles

I went to their Race Against the Machine Symposium at MIT.
really interesting.
you should definitely read the ebook
I got mean at the end.
I used words like offputting and annoying.
I used to stress him, find ways to impress him.
Now?
I couldn't care less for him.
Shit, I wish the best for him.
LOL you're not a charity case Burke.
:D you know we luv u
Wealthy citizens in the northern pan handle of West Virginia opposed secession and pushed for a new state!
my point exactly jackass.
In boxing everybody gets paid under the table!
I was referencing WWF in terms of how fixed the shitis
Looking forward to have on the show that interview is Tuesday!
Big Deal: Big Deal  In Los Angeles, Condos Are a Tough Sell So far, highend condos have been a tough sell in Los Angeles, but that coul
Anytime.
It was great to get a jump on some NBA doctorft talk.
to err is truman
Source citations are also reminders to us as genealogists of what we've looked at.
Tom Jones
Oh Linda, it was a blast!
I forget FF s lately, thank you for yours!
mmhmm!
makes everything!
lyrical, club, party, etc!
dont sleep on him!
: al gore was a head of his time .i miss him rest in peace buddy hug for u the hell are you talking about?
Al Gore is alive.
thanks!
I read it too, nice piece.
What are you up to these days?
And our handles are somewhat alike.
Mine is Russian for library hedgehog.
If I lose followers, I lose em, they weren't real in any way.
I love it!
We're here to see and it's going to be amazing like always!
Picking up my new laptop...excited
We're having our First Annual Pig Roast actually.
You coming to Texas?
tucks pistol under front seat: its beautiful outside.......means ClubMixx gon be off the rocker tonight .......TurnUp
I hope any big decisions he makes is not related for being an election year.
Hatley Branch Library Book Club,Tues, Jan 10th 2pm.The Patron Saint of Liars by Ann Patchett.
Coffee and dessert following book discussion
unsubscribed to Living Social today...
what does this mean, am I claiming I'm UNSOCIAL??
oh oh.
must rethink this.
We're inspired by !
Check out his blog and twitter.
How can you give back to community?
we're playing in C Stat on Saturday!!!!
I hope you're there!
I love my mum.
Order sent to Jennifer in NJ!
Private show tonight at the Las Vegas House of Blues!
your tweets make me mad we aren't friends.
thought you should know.
And I totally know of what you speak.
Scoring of movies and TV shows is out of hand....
seems like every second has music.
Should have:
the medium is not the message, right?
Thanks for the FF !
Welcome to Twitter!
Just please don't be mohamed sanu, watched that kid at Rutgers.
Nothing fantastic.
Maybe a 3 Possession WR on the team
Hello beauty peeps RT : FF hair nails funny via
Fat Tuesday is almost over  we still haven't broken into our leftover Valentine's Day chocolate reserves.
What a waste of a day.
lol your eyes are welted?!
Lol u crazy girl.
Auto correct has taken over !
Ugh.
And here I feel bad if I even wear a shirt with red in it or something by accident
My Mom sent me 7 new workout DVD's, 3 of which are absspecific.
A hint?
Possibly.
I think I have the stomach virus.
I hate puking but if I do I will stay home so I guess it's a wining situation .
i like girls that like girls....
True to my nature....
Down in new Orleans!
: Let's keep it up!!!!
Let's keep it up!!!
I'll keep anything you want up papi :D
haha that's kind of asking a lot now...don't stress who's doctorving???
Lol and with Emily.
You?
Of course we are open on Mother's Day.
11 am to 4 pm.
Come on out and bring mom!
And she probably wants a guy to txt her smh
thanks lex :D
100 on my math test.
oh ok I will
Why am I not in the city I love on friday night!
im high, im flyin, and you aint cuttin my wings
I understand things aren't exactly what's expected but just remember that if you aren't satisfied, it doesn't necessarily mean its forever..
it's about damn time!
Bummer.
Remember that one time we were delayed at CVG.
I think we were eating at Outback.
love your wifey!
Been watching Cheers reruns on Netflix for the past couple months : Thanks for keeping film alive too!
You say you're a full time Queen,and a part time Nia/Nier.Will you give me your understanding of what a Nia/Nier is
is getting married Saturday!!!!!!
Can't wait!!!!
i love you so much and im so proud of what you have done and become!
proudmahomie SaySomething 3
Nigga You Work For
the action is sick in that league.
I'm an action junkie...
that's why I hate on the slow athletes  low scoring of the big 10.
okay i'm at home
look and see what it had to offer
god I miss the shield such a great show miss you a fan...
I am so fucked.
I can now only hope for the best 
After a 16 hour shift from hell yesterday I am SO grateful to have the next two days off.
I plan on staying in my yoga pants and being lazy!
The great tweets of heaven and hell have been written and the great tweet of earth remains to be written.
One Year3 cruise in the a.m!:D
Heading to ALA Winter in Dallas tomorrow  IF I can get out Seattle.
A single snowfall a year is perfect for me.
As of today, we have 68 College/Pro players registered for our OffSeason Training Program.
We are looking forward to another great Summer!
RT : Night yall going to sleep
I haven't seen my speed go past 15mph smh
I need to stop seeing my ex in places I dont want to see her...
Care to list them?
Playing with my new Satellite.
What a good deal!
Nice work on the writeup!
Enjoying your music w/MBT's Concepts II performance!
what up
If you take a picture of something beautiful, post it to Project Lookup and we might just RT and add it to our photo stream.
:
technically, im typing, not talking.
The official announcement comes out July 18th!
It is going to be a great season!
Stay tuned!
Ok here's one I haven't played in a while...
The Monaurail!
Yeahh...

wow.
Crazy day for you, methinks.
Walking hard uphill.
I wear myself out, then there's a view at the top.
Works less well in fog, though.
Hey Justin this is your biggest fan Alyssa Holmes from Carrollton ,Georgia and I just got my cousin listening to ur music;3
Countdown to my 25th.
Absolutely!
I'm there!
RT : Coming to 4sqDay in Seattle?
Dont be discouraged if a publicity stunt doesnt work.
Even if you did all the right tricks to attract the media, nothing is certain.
Oh I know, but once it happened why not try is what they're thinking.
Goodnight.
NP: Back for another one ft.
Hey anyone want to plat ultimate frisbee or wiffle ball
My life is only important if I can help plenty of people.
Bob Marley
major thinking!!!!!!!!!!!!
goin on rite bout now
have you tried it?
Did it work for you?
We take the Risk and Liability off your family or your company...
Available 24/7/365  Free Estimates  Crime  Trauma Scene Cleaners
online f4f everyone 
lols shudup !, i just made one so i cn tweet about my problems lols !
Avengers or Lockin tonight?
Hmm.
Congrats to 's ferris state on going to the ship
grape is my favorite too, though triberry and fruit punch are not far behind...
Zumba Fitness with Ruben at 7pm MondaySaturday.
Join the party!
Be Fit and Be Happy.
786.287.8487
How awesome is ?
She told us things people don't tell you about building a million dollar business.
Motivated?
She Say I'm Gettin Cocky, I Say I Been A Dick
Again I must note that people only text me when I step away from my phone.
Derek Fisher!!!!
onion rings
Its all about passion.
We are passionate about making coupons be with you in the palm of your hand 24/7!
www.Qponomics.com
A very fair point!
/cc
Awe!
Thanks lover!
xo
Not to sound abrupt, but when youre giving a presentation, please make sure to clothe your hanging belly so its not a distraction.
Like like like like!
That game makes us feel like we have giant fingers :
Prison psychiatrist says Loughner has been violent; thrown chairs and spit at atty, so needs antipyschotic doctorgs.
Follow if you live in NE so we can get 1D to come to here!!!
We want to think our new followers for following us!
Maybe Ed can talk some sense into you!
Not likely since you watch GBTV!
Bwahahaha!!!
COOL, I guess you don't love me.
I understand, I just want YOU happy.
Hey!
Welcome back to Twitter!
I love writing.
I love the swirl and swing of words as they tangle with human emotions.
James Michener
The beginning of self love is when we start telling ourselves the truth.
What is your identity within Washington DC??
wants to know who you are!
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched, they must be felt with the heart.
This day is already too hard but now its harder.
I'm so tired of verbally and emotional abuse.
Finally home from work 
I wish everyone who thinks dance is easy could go to one of my breakdancing classes
Freeman Rebel Men's Volleyball continues its roll winning against Atlee Raiders.
Onto James River tomorrow night 4 regional championship.
That's Easy, Popeyes.
much appreciated
who?
hell no
that's what we were told.
The film crews bombed all around on sound and production.
I havnt had Swedish Fish in like 2 weeks.
.
not cool.
Web 3.0 has to be about single sign on.
Account proliferation creates a huge security risk  password mgmt sucks for users
can you give a shoutout for some more followers?:
Sounds great!
Shine responsibly!
i wanted to ask u a question can u help me get Justin Bieber to follow me cause i think he follows u
...like the Ebisu Garden Cinema.
EBC shuts down in January of 2011.
K Theater Tokyo takes the venue in May.
K Theater Tokyolive K Pop...
love me some GCB
kso um just saw the end of the episode.
Holy shit.
I'm going to die now ok.
nope, apparently we're supposed to ship everything with everything else
Punxsutawney Phil predicts six more weeks of winter.
Poor thing still hasn't found out about global warming.
excellent choice!
I recommend Guy Delisle's Jerusalem.
There is no chance anyone in the world has a physical copy of a Boston Globe from 1904.
.
.
.Is there?
You know the classroom is too hot when your boos are sweating.
girlproblems no itty bitty titty committee for me.
What floors of have you never been on?
You need to, its summer, reelllaaaxxxx RT Seriously hoping this month gets better..
What the heck is going on?!
Whoa, just realized WorldCat has a Cite/Export feature that gives citation info in multiple formats/sends to EndNote/RefWorks!
12/6/2010 Williams: Build community to build marketing success The Times Record
This place is about to fill up with 4 year olds.
Or little monsters as they're known in the business.
I'm not really even a baseball game but that was by far one of the best games I've ever witnessed.
Amazing!
Harry stlyles is so cute :
yes!!!
And they're everywhere in Dublin.
No one even knows how to use them!!!!!!!!
welcome to the streets , you can't get in wit out me 
3 some?:o RT : well that was actually probably a once in a lifetime thing but...yeah im proud x
The world needs both the Microsofts  Apples.
Tradeoff is backwards compatibility vs.
innovation; diff need/diff times
RT :reports from all over tehran of shouts of Allah Akbar.
Other cities joining in
I am attending the Race to the Top meeting in Minneapolis that is being conducted by the US Department of Education.
Gonna miss not being at the in a few months If you have never been, iT is one Hell of a Networking Event
Darn right!
RT hm.
actually makes me think Winfield was pretty good
masking jealousy isnt cool
I SURVIVED CONSTITUTIONAL LAW WITH AN A!
:
MKG with two fouls already.
That could hurt.
Good morning!
:
I could use some pizza for breakfast right about now :
DID YOU EVER WONDER...
Why does Superman stop bullets with his chest, but ducks when you throw a revolver at him?
Not at all surprised RT not a one!
yeah man, i'd be down.
Bye, last day of sxsw Old Crow Medicine Show, Edward Sharpe, Mumford...
One of the best shows I've ever seen.
So talented.
yes it does
New shit in the works.
That was my first Padoctors win I've attended this season.
Nope.
Gmail.
I'm just overwhelmed with them right now and I'm tired of the bold reminder.
Delish!
New item?
Had a long night
been on hold for over 30 minutes waiting to speak to someone.....really?
This is what I pay for?
Some service.
Im home, take me doctornk.
This could be considered a plaid convention.
This is gonna be one long ass day.
I'm gettin those
Thanks for the note to our nurses!
FF Send out daily tweets on the following subjects: Justin Bieber, American Idol, and social media guru.
LOL :
The Africans at my school said kony was a good guy lmao they funny af
You're a little too short and ...
um ...
Caucasian to be confused for MJ.
/ cc
Now i might have to smile on my next picture...
Tab, i miss you baby
Had fun learning basic HTML/CSS from Thanks!
Almost to Heartland Park.
Yaee :
Love your new professorle Pic!
RT : FollowFriday time!
The social media squad //Love it!
I promise one day we will work together maybe I will pull a shangela ;
Angela, thank you so much for all of the hard work you've done for us!
W/o volunteers like you, we couldn't keep it up!
MT
IM FOLLOWING YOU , INSTEAD OF FOLLOWING ME FOLLOW KATIE COOL AVI 
haha my hair isn't even long and its a problem.
Haven't been on twitter much lately...having really bad withdoctorwals and stuff, miss my whole shawnee 2nd fam :
Hey Cutie ;DD Follow Me  Thaa Bestfriend !!
3 Please With Strawberries On Top ;
Dart Wars brings out the worst in people Michael Wade
Screw my job.
So unprofessorssional.
Thanks for the follow Big fan of your work!
Love seeing and respecting the legend Earl Scruggs.
Y'all are two of my musical soulmates
TIME IS RACING TOWARD US, TILL THE HUNS ARRIVE.
HEAR MY EVERY ORDER.
AND YOU MIGHT...SURVIIIIIIIIIIIVEEEEEEEEEEEE.
thankyou for the follow!
: x
spencer finch or eliason?
it seriously is a fact.
BB is slowly going out of business maketheswitch it will change your life.
There is NO comparing the CTA to Metra.
I'll pay that money to ride the Metra ANYDAY!
The ratchetness on this red line is unbelievable...
Kimi looked good on the podium, like he belonged there.
Just played Tears for Fears' Mad World on the acoustic.
Will be adding that to the 3man show set list!
If San Fran loses tomorrow, we dont have aeaninful game for a month.
With the passing of the World Series and Halloween, let's get focused on good books and reading amidst the fall splendor.
INDIGO TREE PUB
Hey, at least you got his attention so he's probably thinking about you too.
Just stay positive and it'll be okay.
Jacks: terrific MLA panel with T Stern, R Preiss, and W Hyman.
Tree Raping.
It's never consensual.
That's why they call it a Weeping Willow.
Otis
Why do you assume you are anything?
?
Michael Jeffreys
Is there a difference between being socially awkward and not picking up on social cues???
I thought he looked familiar!!
Olwal: what is natural interacting with a computer is kind of like the difference between talking on the phone and talking facetoface

i could have used that commission man!
where you sittin, whos the lucky rep that sold you the A's
thanks for rockin with me in Manhattan!
last night wish I had shout you out more girl luv4art.com wants to do an interview w u
Smart about Gamification in the Enterprise: cc
Sounds like another Battle in Seattle is in progress.
Yes I know I'm loud now.
And I know I wasn't this loud in 7th grade.
Maybe its because I moved here in 5th and didn't know anyone.
I love you Bob Evans.
M...
I'm getting a strong Liz Lemon vibe coming from you right now.......
can't we get some kind of cam for that?
Radar should get on that.
Yes, I've changed.
Pain does that to people.
thanks for following!
i'll follow back : and yes, those boots are to die for!
i love the girls at :
so how many nannies does it take to raise 7 childoctorn and 536 foster childoctorn?
bachman???
Saturday early evening LIVE Greyhound Racing: Bluffs Run 5pm, Daytona Beach 7:25pm cont.
Thank you
Men, don't double ur pleasures.
Its too much happy lol
Tks for the RT!
Hit right in the sweet spot :

That's not why I bought it ...
WAT UP NOW DEN BLUE
with my girl Gloria for the next two hours
Whose coming to Monk's today before the game!

I would not wish harm on anyone because I know in this life everything is paid : 
I really don't understand the point to anything anymore.
I'm doctorving a van.
It makes me feel underpriveledged.
Caitlyn Wicks
nowledge of what is possible is the beginning of happiness.
George Santayana
still have dev songs playing in my head
Nice going  looks like no one did the due diligence on theavailability of
Merry Christmas xoxoxo
Group birthday lunch at Azteca  hope they have enough sombreros!
sad to say bye to signfaceguy as the avatar...but couldn't pass up this shot of Lenny peddling my hometown's claim to fame!
word .Tell O and Stanky to come to.
It's 5 dollars to get in tho.
Tell Omar steroid ass he can lift too
League Finals Went Well 
What a beautiful day!
I hope everyone has a safe and fun weekend.
Remember Sunday is Mothers day.
Thanks to all the Moms!!
you are so right about that
I know but Its just the people who make you feel useless.
They use their unhappiness against you.
That's their 'weapon'?
Show Nov.
17th.
Come and hang out!
:
Not quite sure what the deal is, but these are some of the worst Ref calls ever.
I'm very glad to hear that, James, because we were kinda counting on having you come audition!
:
Can we all just like Madonna and ?
why is everyone making me feel like i need to take a side.
/ love them both.
: In the studio doing something completely fresh
To not do a Single SitUp in 2 months.
Body is still in Top shape!
Art washes from the soul the dust of everyday life.
Picasso.
www.itsartnotstuff.com
Thanks for your kind comments about One Day, None of This Will Be Yours.
Thanks for sharing!
took care of a few patients over the weekend.
In between soccer games!
They didn't mind a doctor who works out!
This insomnia is doctorving me crazy.
What's bad is my mind is asleep so I can't get anything done anyway.
I don't eat pizza.
But thank you!
yes life is definitely crazy now
Aw, that isn't fun at all.
I hate flying!
yes that is a big encouragement!
I will need you to cheer me on throughout this process :
CLEAR VIEW OF MIKEY ASDFGHJKL;'
I miss you /3 I wish you could come back and everything would be okay and you'd be safe.
Is Omega HD still coming to doctoramboard?
Happy Easter Everyone!
That's not true.
Gov't couldn't punish him for his idiotic remarks.
And that's my point.
Only refers to gov't.
iPhone 4 delivered today, looks fantastic!
making a list of British celebs who own motorbikes.
Suggestions welcome
Somebody play me on words with friends.
A full game please.
We would like to Congratulate Associate Alan Waller on passing the Tennessee Bar Exam!
Great Job Alan!
Why thank you mister Zouch!
send the train this way
Too bad they wouldnt be able to use my hair for a good cause since its not Virgin :/
Good times.
lol damn..
i nvr seen that ..
had his first Western meal in Chengdu...at IKEA: pumpkin soup, salmon plate, mashed potatoes  gravy, tiramisu.
Tomorrow it's back to rice.
Chocolate coconut water is the best!
I am somebody
Odds Thompson still doctorfts a C in early rounds to mentor under Saturday?
U aint shit if u aint HardWorkin all day in the paint
All you need is love.
Love yourself, others, and everything on this earth.
Just booked the role of the captainin in the staged reading of a new musical called Babes at Sea, very excited to work with
kk : ugh yes not kinda for me, I completely cannot stand her and she's not a good friend  especially from the last ep
As an allMac house, Indigo Tree honors the memory of Steve Jobs and offer up our prayers for his soul.
Thanks for all you did, Steve.
IMAGINE mikey:look you; what mikey; ur beauty you: ily giveme a kizz mikey ;no you;o y mikey:im loving ur beauty mikey kizzes u
holy kitten!
Chicago NATO summit......Why Chicago??after all the NATO meeting have been in Washington....something seems fishy here...
Thanks!
Any update on the Internets situation?
What is sleep tho??
is that the rafting thing?
I heard that's fun and also renting a boat on Lake Austin...?
I'll understand if there's no Ustream today.
Austin is going through a lot from yesterday.
Ally
Girl please, that's my second job.
;D.
Dear Chelsea, I'm sorry I used your name to get in as VIP at the club.
Hopefully you didn't show up.
nice try though
you're phenomenal love
this is my real account :
Bold colors are in especially for jeans...a very good purchase for summer

Do u want 2 do a liveshot for 6pm newscast Fri nite from Shoot To Cure event?
Let us know.
We'd luv 2 c u there.
But if I'm swaying, I'm still on vacation...
And I remember when they won it all back in 1976.
And you?
Not even born!
You can't linger on it your whole life, you can try and take a stand and make it happen but if it doesnt work then move foward.
our nefarious scheme!
follow back please:
If we're in each other's doctorams, we can play together all night
Your never to old to have a dance party!
: Today, 17 teens will take their own lives due to bullying.
RT if you think bullying needs to stop.
Yes, the site if down.
: They are working on it.
Shooting Steve Harvey Show segment...
early call time.
thx love ya!!
xo
At great business networking.
Very interesting info!!
Tea time
looking forward to our panels together.
See you soon.
Sorry for this crazy Austin weather :
When babies have babies, you get an obvious story.
Im not perfect, and I don't live to be.
But before you judge me, make sure your hands are clean.
Heeheehee LoveThis RT : Always a good idea to recover before returning to real life.
I'm glad I have a phone since so many ppl want to talk to me..
Oh wait..
Lol
no, i think thats just you..
RT Everyone Admit It, We Have All Got Gummy Bears  Made Them Do Sexual Things To Each Other!
LOL
Just on the Comerica scoreboard during the annoucements...
you are going to be a DAD.
Great way to find out.
not officially, but possibly.
In CA for sure though.
When I still get likes on my Interlude on the roof video.
Celebrating st Patrick's day in the traditional way with tacos and ancient aliens
This is absolutely absurd!
hanging with my family in spring lake
Houston bound this afternoon!!
much love to you on the loss of your wonderful Father....
There are certain places for people the hurt others like she did u..
Sorryit's a bit offthread.
I got distracted ; You can check out the conversation later.
it's always something.
Please note that the official hashtag for the conference is idea10.
Thanks!
3 submissions in, few hundoctord to go!
Playwrights, parents, and teachers: Deadline is February 10th.
Putting together our Kentucky Derby and Cinco de Mayo events in MKE....
If your bar has one, let us know!
oh damn
Riding in the trunk with ninjas?
Blargh, that would make me nauseous.
it would be nice to have you as a bestfriend but i just have so much feelings for you, it would probably just hurt me .
I can't believe I'll be 17 on Sunday.
I'm getting so old!!!!!!!!
yes!
That'd be great :
they are pretty overrated, in my expert taco opinion.
How can we resist this RT?
RT : no prob!
thanks for being awesome!
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video: 36
haha oh lord
I want that.
Back poppin o yea!!
It's Friday bitches
Maybe we can kick it when I got the time, be my backbone every nigga need a spine.
Boxy and I have gotten pretty good at speaking in broken Swahili...
which will totes help us here in Cheney...
Starting BETA testing Task Prioritization tool.
Please send us a tweet if you'd to give it a whirl.
This is what I do darlin...this is what I do.
hahaha!
Okay!
Tell me?
:D
RT : mixed signals 
No one asked you 
Thank you!
Hope the new gig is treating you well :
which one?
I love The bu Nana king
Good Morning everyone!
Tuesday is the day to get things done, so why not order those shirts u have been meaning to?
www.shirtguydirect.com
First word I saw DC in room was BALANCE!
Was on a card re: no smoking in the room!
But still  it's the word that rules my being.
Do people really still go to ranch parties...?
Remember, Tuesday is our monthly neighborhood meeting.
We're looking forward to seeing you tomorrow to talk about Redistricting and more!
Home sweet home.
Don't hold your breath for gas prices to come down.
Always an excuse...Summer blends, Nigerian oil minister sneezed, etc.
amazing album.
can't stop listening to it
lol do you guys remember astrojax?
Livin in this glorious moment.each one holds the bare essence.Learnin how to remember in moments of truth,where I stand and what I stand for
i'm proud of my punk rock band.
you good sir, can shove it
unfortunately, i left a few weeks too early to hear the case...
Sen.
Maj.
Lesder Reid is expected to announced agreement for the votes Wed.
3:00 on GOP CR and Dem alt.
3 hours of debate starting at noon
my eyebrow!!
: totally sick
If I looked good I would run to holiday for a red bull..
but I look like crap.
final four 
niall would ask about food.
Hah
already followed her ;
thx.
If you ever have topic ideas give a shout.
Good content always needed :
O.o Lol
There will no wet kisses 4 me.
The one I love leaves me cold.
Enough of me!
LOL When hubby comes home plant a big wet one on him.
The clouds have cleared and it's going to be a beautiful evening for some FREE Jazzercise 67pm.
Busted!!!
Disgusted!!!!
Let's face it the eastern conference in the NBA is awful

i dont believe what happened last night !
im cry and i didnt stop becouse you are really amazing your words touch my heart 
Woow i hopee he didn't put what i think he did in my freakin cookie.
buut still feel good!
Back safe from my daytrips to Muncie and Indy!
All that doctorving sure was worth it :
If that had happened, my life you would be complete
As long as the leaders would trust their followers :
one must have standards!
Repeat Champs.
Roll Tide..
: This TL gone be fool when football season start up again
Happy Jonas Day!
, ,  thank you for always being amazing to us fans.
WE LOVE YOU!!
lol forget school.
i'd rather just work.
Super disappointed that I failed to get sours dibs today.
Whatever happened to second chances??
You should know by now that when the world becomes dystopiad, it can NEVER EVER be fixed in one book.
Not even The Giver...
Happy St.
Paddy's Day y'all.
They're live streaming the best parade ever in
Shocking, I know.
loved the dueling hoards on 5 decisions away.
East coast / west coast!!!
Spending 4 days being extremely social means I cannot WAIT to get home and not talk to anyone tonight.
cool i need tickets for that
Packing for a weekend in Colorado Springs with my sister is easy: dump hiking, running and yoga gear into suitcase.
All set!
Omg what a great show!
I officially have been through the shadow of deth twice and can't to again!
return to Indy pronto!
I just saw someone get slapped..lol
RT : Pleasantly surprised by 4th  Forever, reality show about Long Beach Poly, airing on CurrentTV.
Good stuff...
need more friends on facebook add me on my facebook  facebook.com/toninkajj or tis is my email
Brewers win the first game of the NLCS and Packers beat Atlanta on Sunday Night Football....I think it's a good day :
Hello NYC, still wish I was going to the garden tonight
In traffic reasons I never doctorve downtown
RT : Tomorrow is Local Business Saturday, which means you save 5 when you mention this to your cashier.
guess I'll burn this pinner now.....
we did...but holdin off for the moment on picking anything up..dope stuff tho man..we'll holla no doubt
playing Monopoly in marketing, and what this guy already has Monopoly with a house on each property.
It's great to know that more people are pulling in the same direction.
Mitchell Baker Mozilla GlobalINET Net censorship  regulation is threatening connectedness even in free speech nations
thanks more bringing a chuckle and a laugh to my day with your tweets!
Today is for ?
tonights show was badass, thanks to everyone who came
I am pretty sure that the ocean and the wind want to come into my room and extinguish my life.
Tonight sounds monstrous.
reply me
do you ever wonder what happened to richy aka zip LOLOL
Wish me luck for the Nature Of The Beast MMA Gear and Apparel Contest 
thanx for the s/o boo
I love how grizzled Johan Franzen is!
Definition of tough.
yea came home last Friday
I was worried you'd say that.
It's Wednesday!
Which means Ruth's Chris has halfpriced select bottles of wine!
I wish we would've gotten the chance to chat!
Thanks so much for having us last night!
Hi, a minor correction.
Museum Month goers don't get 1/2 off Titanic tickets, but they do get a discount.
Opens Feb 10!!
Thanks for following!
I'd love to help others and pay it forward.
I'd love to get rich and give back!
new song in the works  almost ready to record  destination Austin, TX  love the people around me  feelin' good about it.
It's amazing how angry I can get in the .5 seconds it takes the car in front of me to realize the light is green.
I just saw MB on tv and screamed my freaking head off!
I always try to be here when u r here, bc u r such an important person :
WeLoveOurKidoctoruhl he's everything to us, he gives us something to believe in, I love him so much!3
Hope everyone is having a good Saturday!
Hope you're taking advantage of this pleasant weather!
Dear , you just broke my heart.
That was the single most dissatisfying ending to one of the most satisfying games ever.
that's what made me think of it !
Not in their delivery range So jealous their boxes look amaze !
Happy Tuesday!
NYE is 4 days away, don't delay in getting your hair done.
We have appointments available for today and tonight 614.447.2600
doctorg search.
Yay.
Tomorrow is thursday and friday comes afterwards
Ewh RT : How are you gonna steal from your own friend?
Christmas eve, bitch.
Don't let the snow keep you in, come out to the Black History Month College Movie TONIGHT!
Student Center, 7pm, Rm 289.
The collective IQ of this accounting class has slowly declined since 10 am.
party here I come!
Holla'!
Dude doctor offices take forever!
Been sitting here for an hour really!?!!!
No worries I'm sure you're too busy.
I just wanted your thoughts on a few photos that's all.
Take care.
impressive, real books are so retro
: terrifying if by terrifying, you mean beautiful, then YES omg
When TREJO talks, people listen.
Going to keep my comments to myself for now Nuggets Lakers I love game 7's don't you?
YOU TOO!
How is that beautiful city of yours??
I do!
: if ur offering, have you ever tried to make sangria?
i dont always doctornk, but when i do i beat my wife and childoctorn
Zombies just want a hug...
hahaha
sorry sunshine
Yes.
And without VisualStudio and SourceSafe I don't know how I can generate any code
I just love snow days :
Nashville man!
Moved down about 6 months ago for grad school.
You back in CO?
Happy Mother's Day, Meach!!!
The Notebook...
WOW I am confused on how my page on Facebook and my ID work together.
Anyone have an explanation???
Morning people
okkaay, most people like the blackwhite one.
so do i.
i should order it but idk what size to get...
Wait, we have cake, too!!
But oh well, you will be missed....
Main reason to have a phancy phone is to play words with friends.
Play me!
I'm ktRnst.
I wonder what the world would look like if Christians maximized the measure of faith they were given.
dent in the armor.
More will sprout up like weeds.
If u want 2 help, donate 2 amnesty.
org, not this guy who is professorting off your good will
happy Friday!
:
: Tamistern Hall: 50 years ago, I was probably a much tougher kid than Mitt Romney.
She's 42 years old.
so true
With at yo la tengo/wilco at Cyclone Stadium
All I can think of when I say jodatime is that country song Livin' on Tulsa Time
In Madison, you can get 's MIRACLE BEACH at Booked for Murder or Room Of One's Own if you want to buy from an indie book store
yes we must rapataste soon.
I'll def see u in florida.
Let me double check on mich 
donnydeustch is RIGHT!
And you Joe are in 'lala' land if you think you're right!We will nvr apprec.,
Happy to see what a rich full life you have!
Indeed he is.
Nice strategery, waiting for the game to end.
Sad day when you realize you're too old to headbang without needing a chiropractor later.
Fortunately nodding befits an older, wiser, man.
Oh yea school is boring but yet i still go!
ha ok ok peace out!!
goin to another class!
stay tuned for my interview with Boris and Dylan that I conducted today
Either love your players or get out of coaching.
Bobby Dodd
The only thing we know is, work hard play hard.
I HAVE TO MEET doctorKE.
lol no its fine.
I should probably know..
I am what i am, and you are a bitch.
hell yeah I am he on his way back from Wisconsin
it took them this long to figure that out?
Why are my flowers dying!??
You will never find people like them anywhere else but the big LV.
and sorry for forgetting the H graham:
it's for community service
I want too but time will tell
That, but more so blowing out Gallardo's knee in 2008.
Pure plant oils is the best conditioner for doctor hair.
stay sexy3
A clean sweep for the Mavs at the won every award they were nominated for, team and individual!!
So proud of my team!!
Thank you for visiting us!
I hope you enjoyed it!
2 finals left between me and Christmas break..
chris, i like your professorle photo.
:
Hey snowboarders, wear your wristbands from the  GroundZero premiere  get HappyHour all night!
RT plz.
Oh M Gee!
Cell Phonez :D
back at you!
Hubby wants to be at your table today!
Did anyone hear you??
I was charmed,and I was harmed.
Couldn't say,I wasn't warned.
I was high, and I was low  I was schoooolllled.
You know what you should do?!!?!???
Set me up with Ryan3 gotta love him;
So thankful for for sending me the catdaddy video at work this morning
Finally i said what ive been wanting to say...
not looking forward to this root canal Thursday, yet it can't come soon enough 
want to see your toes.
Thanks for reading!
any word on the seriousness of Shields' injury?
Think he'll be back to practice next week?
Haven't heard a time frame yet
On blue line with heading to Kings game at Staples Center.
Happy Holidays!
He needs some Midol : Chris Bosh pulled a muscle in his abdomen that connects to his vagina.
This is my type of weather
Oo RT Chinese businessmen r shareholders of the 70 of the land in each and every Western US and Canada city...
A storm with wings is a sight indeed.
I literally have been tweeting all day.
Dear customer service, for one time, just ONE time, could you NOT call me maam or miss ?
I would really appreciate it.
That horrible moment when you take a swig of milk and realize after the swallow that it is SOUR...Will I live?
WIll I die?
Will I throw up?
Thanks for your compliments on the piece!
I'm looking forward to trying it out!
Come to Dean's tonight for 5th of November that you will remember!
The Kinship, Blondes Make Better Victims, Days doctorve and Life Stage
oh ok, jordan 10s are the best pair of shoe's I've ever hooped in.
How are the lebrons?
They look heavy.
Welcome Doll
I get it.
I was too busy being all thoughtprovoked to tweet.
:
All the OccupyOakland tweets are a bad start to the day.
Finishing up a proposal for a mediation conference today.
Got asked to do more Cal Lightman stuff.
remember when we used to make videos?
AND THAT'S A WRAP!
Minor tweaks and edits but we are finished.
Poster printing imminent
Project hydoctortion 
some folks told me they saw me on tv recently.
i finally figured out the podcast from fall 08 is on ch.26, ABQ.
cool!
thnx to yusif's  tim.
And it is for the very same reason.
Funny how that works.
We begin so innocent/gentle and become so jaded by life on the way out.
Smh...
This morning I'm realizing that I am in DESPERATE need of fall/winter clothes
You can pick your friends and you can pick your nose...but you cannot pick your friend's noses!!
Wearing a my pink today!!
good morning lover dover :
LOL, okay.
Wood extract versus dirt.
Hey, just me.
Obviously like some 'cause I like the highland whiskies :p
Would you say that's netspecific, though?
I think of Hitchcock's Rear Window...
Hey everyone, check out this racist flag flying, homophobic, walking epitome of right wing religious stupidity
Going to RSA/Secure World this year?
Let's plan ahead and schedule  Meetings with you and Symantec Executives  Briefings on Symantecs
: Working on some connection demos  Nice!
Just got a new phone.
Yayy
I treat you how you want to be treated just teach me how
Thxs, will look into it.
Right now just trying to bike again, it's hard to find extra hrs Either working or w/ kids how do u do it
I want some seafood hope one of my sisters can get me some
: Zusi is 70 of the way to his career high/total last year for assists in 4 games SportingKC
sounds good.
Be sure to watch us on Wed.
at 7pm to see our BIG Prime Rib!
Back to performing six nights a week!
Awesome, Hoping for a great season!
Tasting room OPEN today from 11am to 10pm.
Tours at 2pm and 4pm.
Stop down for a tasty craft cocktail made with GLD Spirits!
Shoutout to the rando girl currently snoozing on my couch.
Bigups bigups
: You know, a life in art is like riding a horse, you know you are going to come off Spin, the game is getting back on the pony.
AH 10 more minutes!!!!
is it stupid that me and my friend are going to try to audition for XFactorUSA??
Pet peeves...
'Double U' not 'dubbu'.
'Offen' not 'offten'.
One Hundoctord Twenty dollars not One Hundoctord and Twenty dollars.
Thanks.
no probs can't wait for you to be in the purp and gold.
RT : Tho you speak to me of madness...we will find a better way
Time to get on with tasks!
Back from the hospital fuckers !
Yeah I'm back which means back to the mixtape.
you've really blown a fuse!
Alt: What Ur not up on, Ur down on!
RT There are some people that if they don't know, you can't tell them.
Louis Armstrong
: let me guess.....you started watching with 15.5 secs left????
A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him
The next public performance of will be next Sat at 3pm at Broadway Comedy Club located at 318 West 53rd St.
I love oh canada
I love endings, I love beginnings even more, it's the whole middle business I can't quite get the hang of...
yes he would be a perfect fit.
Hostess Brands filing Chapter 11?
Can I get Oregon Donuts, too?
I'm so full of pasta...
and regret.
Dang you, Buca Di Beppo.
You get me everytime.
TAYLOR SWIFT SAFE  SOUND MUSIC VIDEO FOR HUNGER GAMES?
The agency is closed until January 3.
Happy New Year!!
TC is packed  finishing movie projects, lab reports, essays, quizzes, etc...wow.
Happy Monday
Hey San Diego photogs and divers don't miss Al Bruton's Asmp presentation on underwater photography this Thurs.
bit.ly/oh2ygf
haha yess!
I go there about every Thursday!
Do you serve there ever?
Home, but gotta get some sleep.
First a little TV.
Yard Crashers or How I Met Your Mother?
I'm sick of hiding my feelings .
Thanks for coming in to teach BAA students a master class this morning!
I need ac this ish is hot
just curious, how often do you do these spotlights?
reading a physical book.
like i'm old or something.
con las pi
Got a full week ahead of me!
One day in particular excites me!
LOL!!
Yes and..RT: Congress is now considered a Vegetable!
Well awh, Andy can't say no to that, can't you Andy?
A life of leisure and a life of laziness are two things.
There will be sleeping enough in the grave.
I'm at 17MBps today, 1000x better than 20Kbps yesterday evening.
Thanks, and Happy New Year
Getting excited with the new packers fan club.
Name suggestions end tonight
Today would be a good day for Google's selfdoctorving car.
rock n roll
We have to create daily.
Thats why its called a masterpiece...
fragments become whole.
Husband: I'm going to check out that new Acura.
Oops, just accidentally opened Slayer pinball.
So sad to hear about
Yeah, his singing is good but he annoys me for some reason.
I'm sure he's sweet though.
I don't like being mean.
Lol!
Rendón: How can we construct new vision of education that cultivates una persona educada  knowledge that transcends degrees?
The shit better be off the meat Brennan, I bringing lesbians who will only fuck me if your funny.
Don't fuck this up for me!
I CAN'T sleep :/ i have cramps cries
Got a damn speeding ticket this weekend : /
don't wanna go to school today!!!!!!!!
XBOX Kinect  yet another activity to remind me of how out of shape I am.
On a serious note, it is some pretty cool tech though
Defending the Dark Ages tonight.
Party like it's 999 y'all!
RT The Dark Ages are unfairly maligned.
: No delays, in early, luggage here...
thatwaseasy In Colorado??
:
: A quick Mothers Day moment of silence for all you single, 37 year old cat ladies.
Just added to the WFX2012 expo floor Active Network, Communities
Favre is waffling...next will be a press conference where he announces...nothing.
If nothing else, he is consistent.
RT: Really enjoyed meeting yesterday.
Thanks !
so bored
Another day, another short sale!
It feels good to help people avoid foreclosures, bad credit and debt.
Talking Never Bothers Us.Sometimes It Does Bore Me.So If Y'all Making Movies Hope It's Based On A TRUE Story.
Hey mon, gotta go to work!
ROLLING STAR!!!
3 thank you!
you are awesome
Ray.
Boom.
Why is does the laundoctor take so long to get done?!?!?!
Wait...
I can NOT stay awake or pay attention in class right now.
No clue.
Ask the BB Books kids.
tomarrow starts the fith week of school
if that's what it takes, I can help you find porn followers
just take some tylenol  the fever is natural because the fever is your bodes response to unwanted bacteria or virus's
It's been exactly a week ..
And I still don't know what to think of it...
the interview went well....although I was a little...well a lot..nervous.
Looking into the new Facebook timeline pages for businesses.
We are creating a easy custom solution.
I need to do some of my classes today too lol
haha.
It's alright.
My sister went to the Windy City last week  brought me back caramel from ...
Step 4 acquire window azure services sqlpass 10 steps to SQL cloud; require cell phone; caution microsoft sales rep will call for survey.
I just farted and my mom ran : btw I hardly fart
look forward to seeing you at the next m3 Philly meet up
Heading out to officiate an outdoor wedding...hope the rain is done!
I am my beloved's and my beloved is mine.
King Solomon
Danny Granger needs to be better than 7 points in 38 minutes
Only the combo of water pressure AND gravity caused it to hit bottom of the shower.
who are you meeting?
RIP The inimitable George Whitman of Shakespeare and Company.
Be not inhospitable to strangers / Lest they be angels in disguise.
YOU A STUPID HOE..
Of course its raining.
I see, well let me know.
Cant believe I met and got a hug from them and also they told me 'I love you too'!!!!!
:'D
RT : It's always going to be okay when it's not happening to you.
yea but when it's happening to you ShiddJusGotReal lol
First preproduction meeting tomorrow night for Good Bye Mi Amor So very excited it's finally happing.
the great thing about Orlando is that even though it was a crappy night, you can count on the sun shining the next morning
professorLE PICTURES: Boys: Girls:

Cool website!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
Lazy night at home and loving it!!!

RT : MY NEW BEST FRIEND
I have a feeling will go 3 for 3 with a HR.
Way to go Mavs!!!!
I heart Dirk!
Thanks for following i followed you back check out www.createmoneyweb.com
I have a huge boner too.
Sometimes I cry Erick B
Biggest Loser Finale!!!!
I'm already crying....oh geez!!!!:/
wuz good bro.
my phone been off for a min.
i'm bout to be back on top in a min though
All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
lol that will never happen !!
U nice 
The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.
St.
Augustine
Been thinking about this today for some reason.
I used to agree, lately I'm ok with called, even see counterculture in it.
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to a strong continuing partnership.
Looking at how many people follow you, then looking at who you follow, and just thinking wow, I should start following people back..
: don't remind me Randy done lost his hearing aids he can't here for shit lol Lmao!
Huh?
Huh?
mister Randy voice CTFU
I enjoyed myself!!!!!
Never On Twitter But I Can Use Entertainment Every Once In A While.!
Psalm 119:176 I have strayed like a lost sheep.
Seek your servant, for I have not forgotten your commands.
Man the heat killin!!!!
Rufus king cam play better than the nets...superweak.com
Brilliant!
Thx!
What a great place!
I need to get down there.
I will never stop hating you
Dear can we make the new Bbq chicken sub a permanent member of the menu?
Kthanx.
add sugar, feel bad, get over it
Depends on where you want to go.
Temple programs the deadline is April 1st.
The rest of the programs vary
I personally have thousands of dollars owed to me.
Judgement against my kids biomom exists.
This obligation never goes away.
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!71
Check us out at Lazershirts.com!
Same here  One of my favorite wines.
Perfect description.
Can't wait till it returns to the Canadian shelves.
When your app ads show Badoo to make new friends, you're in trouble.
Young people should definitely get into politics more.
Its good to know whats going on.
...I'd say it's just less harsh to me.
I think it makes the cym sound better...room mics are tough though...
Today, paleontologist Josh Bonde and his assistant Fabian will be working on fossils in our Geology Gallery until 3pm.
I like the Icon they use on their twitter account.
Taking the time to design a cool and simple icon/logo, gets you noticed!
gl sexy
Lunch hour music with Steve Justman, today from 112.
Come enjoy this free concert featuring Amercian classics and folk music.
I hate Justin Bieber
can't wait to see your footage!
Glad you could play with us.
Good luck man!
Hope to see you in N.O.!
M ur so sexy
I love you Alex :
my icon  flawless
And time goes by so slowly...
Chicago bound!
See you soon windy city!
My airport style: black suede wedges, black leggings, white cotton shirt.
Comfy!
I'll bet that every living and future Bond villain has a super PAC this season.
I wear a size 8, okay?
8 1/2 if they're cut small.
:D
music is not selling because artists are giving away to much music what happen to giving away samplers
Thanks!
So nice to have the support of my twitter peeps!
:
shot me.
the crappier i feel the more i know im getting better.
contradicting?
yes indeed.
Great advice for marketing and PR pros, as well as those trying to keep a woman happy.
La Costa sounds good right about now
aloha zach, any chance of getting you on tomorrow at 9:20 pm et?
we wanna talk NBA playoffs with you..please lmk
Was it horrible?
I remember liking it.
Best rapper ALIVE!
Watching Hangover II and waiting to laugh
Tshirts any color, with a 2 color full front print, starting at just 4.25.
We serve
Romney seems like a desperate man when it comes to garnering support for his Presidential campaign.
Meeting with Sven our composer on Thursday to listen to his interpretation of Tringled.
With much anticipation!
Lmao....
I figured it had to do with her.
How u been?
How's the job?
Lol lol
who is catheryne mckeever?
she's trying to linkedin with me, and you're a connection to her.
Add Team Vic Matrix to your protein pancake to give yourself added healthy fats and carbs!
My favorite kind of library aides?
Ones that come bearing donuts!
the whole house is mad at her
Next up and Mobile Acitivies for the School Field Trips
Scary movies all day!?
Ohh I guess..
AND THERE IS UP TO 60 SALE STILL GOING.
DO NOT LOOSE YOUR CHANCE.
: You working today, lady?
Have any time to clean up some short brunette locks?
Deff going to PR this summer n mostlikly my bday n the winter..
who nos just might move over there for a couple months
he loves films with deus ex machina endings doesn't he?
Great show tonight, but some of my favs went home.
Bummer.
Motivation for the mini is really hard at times like this.
Thanks a lot thanksgiving food
Praying that everything will be okay
Hi!
Don't think so re Sevier, but there are a lot of stories in the book, so it's possible.
It's worth a read.
Nice website!
I'm a software developer and less of a content developer.
This is the first night I'm sleeping without my boyfriend :/
Hot chocolate :
In a tips for working with stressed students workshop presented by Great information to help our office serve our students
RT : RT : Let GM Promotions help take you to the top!
Email for questions!
www.GMPromo.net
You didn't just call me.
your piece on budget wines for Labor Day is airing today!
I've been terrible with tweeting lately!
S/O to for letting me babysit Tiesto!
DAY 23...and coming close to an end.
An actual 5hrs of sleep and prep well underway for this afternoon  evening/night shoots.
oh well
Great hanging out with other editing nerds!
Creeping up on 3k followers!
I am thinking about getting a BMW 316ti Compact for a new car!
RT : : Everybody does dumb shit in high school.Not everyone targets a gay student because he is gay  assaults him.
Great Q!
If the case, then restructuring is a must.
Where to begin, my fam is now aware, hope not2late 4myson?
: : When finding ur blogging niche, does it start w/finding passion?
purpose?
blogchat/yes
Man fern creek might me weak next year..
idk if I wanna go no more
Republicans are jack asses !
Summer job hunting 
poor matt.
brooke we're going to throw matt a twitter party hahaha
is there a test to determine my veganocity?
Also, how long until my Vegan Superpowers kick in?
lol no that was just posted on facebook
Attending our campus MathematicsBiology Research symposium: MathBio2: Image focusing on interdisciplinary bioimage informatics
how did potato work?
That one is curious...
.
Glad you enjoyed, come see us again soon!
Waiting on two letterpresses to show up....tap tap tap
Check out www.Facebook.com/yat777
Congratulations on your Oscar!
What a night!!!
I don't like that youu changed your twitcon/3
Saturday night in my best doctorss....Fearless!
Congrats to former Chicago 2016 president Lori Healey who will lead NATOG8 efforts 
thats wonderful!!
i miss you a loo!
You don't even know!
my doctorving music in this weather is some RUN DMC or Metalica w/ the Boston Pops
when did u text for me to text u back?
Very cool and much better than the blondes!
you too?
right there with ya.
Mo prestige mo problems?
what happened?
Not sure I agree.
I could argue either way!
RT : Easiest question of the round: Mao Zedong v.
Leopold II

A professorssional experience, by experienced professorssionals.
I'm pretty sure my job is classified as a nanny.
merp.
imiss hearing you set off your doorbell...
Arguing about who's been discriminated against more is pointless.
This isn't the Oppression Olympics.
Jammin to !
Lol he wants to know whats going on newark!
Check out our girl in a parody coming soon.
Getting swim on at
Thank you to all who have liked us on fb or have participated in spreading the word of Urban Flight Apparel on here.
We appreciate you!
what time can we call in????
:
Today is the day!
Cats vs Hoosiers.
REVENGE IS SWEET.
Let's go CATS!
whoops!
I thought this was happening later but I might have made that up.
I can meet up around 7:30.
Keep me posted!
DOES A DOLLAH MAKE YOU HOLLAH HONEY BOO BOO?
Know that wisdom is such to your soul; if you find it, there will be a future, and your hope will not be cut off.
Proverbs 24:14
I used to have time to read all manner of things, but now I have to be painfully careful about what to choose  DvL
I am feeling immensely better after a bad knee arthritis flare  bad nosebleed, ready to go out and take the world on again.
On 3/21/65, more than 3,000 civil rights demonstrators led by Martin Luther King Jr.
began a march from Selma to Montgomery, Ala.
Kirby Smart  Kevin Sumlin
Sue his ass...
The DOJ is threatening to sue Mayor Mike McGinn over allegations that SPD officers regularly use excessive force
Happy Thanksgiving Friends!!
How many of you are going to WWE Smackdown tonight at CenturyLink Center Omaha?!
tried to tell you...I told everyone..
Floyd in lopsided decision
Would be great if the Hawks made some noise in the playoffs so people know that Tracy McGrady and Jerry Stackhouse are still in the league.
There they go!
Thanks!
RT : Amazing company holiday dinner at prado at balboa park tonight.
Kudos the short ribs were delish!!
Where you located?
that works too.
If you're looking for an afterwork doctornk spot think GOTIME www.gotime.com
: Nice rides 5th and 12th in the still stacked 450 Lcq.
Boys gonna do it up outside!
!
Thanks for the RT!
got some fresh meat for mudclub.
John Connor seems ready.
Do it quick b4 Cyberdyne gets him.
Will you and mpm family be at Pure Friday?
Bummed I am not going to make the
Who is ready for this geology final tomorrow?!
I can't wait till summer!
Heading back home on Thursday!
Cannot wait :
kids will be kids..
Dont give all your thoughts and emotions to twitter you dnt even know him like dat
its definitely a gutsy move!
Monday Trivia: The first arena the Chicago Bulls played in was .
Congrats to Wisconsin native for making the Top 24 on this year's American Idol!
Do work son!
Glad to see our friends at aren't being pussies and have a keg on the way for us.
Come keep warm with us, we open at 4
At urgent care and have been waiting for over an hour.
Shocking right?
Thank U all for the follow!
Have an awesome weekend all!
11:30 is a long time from now
Thats right its 6:04 and im not a sleep yet!
im such a rebel!
haha:
Wow.......i just remembered..cody lives by me....i miss him so much /:
CORRECTION: The 1201 tech roundtable is today, Friday, May 11th.
I've heard them both...torture!
I would be terrified to be at msg right now...
Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski is listed as questionable for Super Bowl XLVI.
You're welcome.
Glad you joined in the digped discussion today!

That kinda sounds like a country song.
And yes, I kinda think it's gonna be Lexie.
:
Going to competition team jiu jitsu.
Ready to roll!!!!
Performing with the ISO and Maestro Jack Everly in 4 Pops performances this weekend.
All about One Day More in this show.
You took 4 yrs Spanish, are you able to speak it fluently?
I mean could you hold a conversation with someone who speaks it?
curious
in Houston?
or in Chicago?
Words of Wine Wisdom: Wine improves with age.
The older I get, the better I like it.
Anonymous
so you're busy planning tattoo parties huh
I assume this means I can give you your s/o for being expelled now?
did you get on ripd?
Hope all is well
ha, great, hope you can find some time!
i signed D
RT if you're a gleek :
As for AMC, I am a huge fan of both breakingbad and rubicon, not so much madmen.
I have high hopes for anything AMC does.
May 18 concert at the rock.
Tickets for sale now 8.
Get em while they last.
Will do.
who do I follow for fantasy basketball news?
retractable dome be downtown, right?
remember to dedicate a printer only for edible ink use, dont mix edible ink and regular ink through the same printer
Thanks for the follow back, Brenda!
Hope you are having a great weekend!
um no.
Its back on
OMG just told me about the dine  dash !
did they catch the guy?!
That is just ridiculous
4289 JYD and Butch Reed have their first Dome match in five years on a WCW Clash show.
Sadly no one cares.
I'm not happy with the new youtube changes.
All of my friends were removed.
:
Everybody!!!
Go watch and support YouTube videos!
This could make them less likely to be removed!
Damn right.
The true test of character is not how much we know how to do, but how we behave when we don't know what to do.
Jon Holt
i think my cymbal playing days might be over.
i was exhausted from last year's parade!
The sleep I got last night 
Prove it then muthafucka!!!
In Born to Kill, Claire Trevor can't keep her eyes off lanky Lawrence Tierney.
When he weds sis, she takes him down and pays big time
The Jones Group will be attending the LIM Career Fair today!
Look for us
David  contact to see if she has any more available from the unofficialtweetup  all who tweeted were there
I think he's going in with her, how bout you?
looks around ...
is alone
Had an awesome weekend..
Nice right before a 6 day work week, start it with a meeting 5am tomorrow.
Can't wait!
Knicks eliminated from playoffs
Idk, but there have been more depressing episodes than any with humor.
Yes, on Monday I'll be performing capitalism while others organize their shoe closets in honor of the idea.
God bless America!
I'm eating some chicken thingy.
great to see you  Dia de los Muertos tonight!
there is nothing in this world that is more annoying than an incredibly slow computer
haha.
Man I'm just trying to get my tweeter loose.
can't wait for my birfdayyyyy a week from today
this is cool you are doing this but crazy at the same time!
Best of luck and i will keep following!
ok seems like Fer has left the match a bit early.
and whazzup with Tipsy?
Welcome!
RT : Chicago Laugh Factory is checkin in!
RT : Woo just 3 minutes!
are you doing it for weight loss?
eww haven't even done my art HW..
and all i've been doing was watching TV and playing games on my iPod..
looks like just iPhones bur let's ask directly!
Who can use the app?
RIP Whitney Houston.
The world has lost another talent that changed the music world.
So sad.
how am i rude?
you are the one that got yourself into that one
In January, Pres.
Obama created 257,000 private sector jobs.
Mitt Romney fired one debate coach.
Hm, who is the better job creator?
With social media, the reporter as a personality has become more important.
People trust, follow, engage w/ reporters they like.
Yeah buddy!
Done for the day and it's amazing outside!
Lego!
Thanks so much!
Glad you enjoyed the presentation this morning  had a great time presenting.
McDonalds then school 
Having sober conversations with myself  having inebriated conversations with myself.
I know this is gonna sound slightly racist....but I don't like the way that white people kiss.
Sorry
Thank you!
Great chatting with you tonight
When i'm sleeping I don't wanna be fucked with or someone in my space...my little cousins annoyin with that .
Home and now skype time with the boyfriend :
I've always wanted to, but I'm still working on it, thanks for noticing.
:
640million could you imagine?
If you've ever thought about giving electronic cigarettes a try, check out www.genxvapor.com We've got great prices starter kits!
Italy remains the top exporter of wine to the U.S., with a 31, 1.5 billion share, of the U.S.
market in 2011, a 15 increase over 2010.
Boyle Heights street vendors fundoctorise to vend legally in their own Mercado.
j.mp/x6gAM8 // I'll be there around 5:30.
WhyAreYou not checking out the websites I make money off of?
CHECK IT!
I Haven't Talk To Oomf All Day :/

Don't treat me like you're last, or I'll end up in your past.
id love some right now
hahah fine ill see if I can pencil that in
: Partial tear suckas!!!
Back for week 7  playoffs!!!
Sizzle As little kid in Animal House said...Thank you God!
wrapped in a blanket, watching star trek.
more exciting updates to come.
Hi Chris!!
ALL IS WELL HERE!
I'm glad all is well there!!!!
Have a Wonderful evening!
!
Tweet you tomorrow!
!
I have such a hard time figuring out which Alex Bryan is referring to.
I'm gonna text you later..
Who you going with?
Odd finish to the game...
RT : ATTN PEOPLE OF !
If you see today, let her know that she has no armor.
I repeat no armor.
That is all.
Most relationships fail not because of absence of love; but because girls love too much and boys love too many
Pissing on a couch turns out to be a good way to get people to take a walk with you.
Just witnessed a kenny loggins song bring april to tears!
Apparently we've reached the glowstick tossing portion of the evening
Thankful that thinks of things I don't, like replacing all the controller batteries before a video game party.
is officially Alarmed  Dangerous.
Learning history of museums in China.
China boom sesh
How you a shoe store n can't tell me the name of a certain shoe I know you have
HTC earnings, sales felled by heavy smartphone competition: The Taiwanese handset maker's firstquarter professort and sales plummet in t...
and I tutor the sweetest two boys for 's ReadUP program!
I don't know which SIM card was in....but cant they track what device is being used
...I can hear tires shrieking.
Has the church parkinglot next door become a doctorg racing strip?
So I heard you are looking for an intern.
Is there going to be web work involved?
What I tell my parents: I'm a writer, I'm doing research on youth culture!
What I mean: everything is going to hurt tomorrow.
Russell Brand must be feeling like a big dufus!!!
Sucks having to see her happy with someone else....
Its annoying when people try to tell you what YOU said.
I EAT MOP
Good morning yall!
Looks like its going 2 b a great day
so this really works for you?
lol
I appreciate nas for what he is, made some stuff i love,made some ehh stuff.
No need to defend or protect...right???
The will have a booth again this year.
There was a Levi's Workshop is Soho that allowed you to check out cameras.
I wanna give up but...
He's worth fighting for.
Had fun at Busby's West tonight!
Lots of bartab doctornks being redeemed.
Join us Saturday at 12pm for more bartab fun!
Cleaning, Packers Game, NPR

now followin, thank you for the follow.
Marriage is only a social contract for purposes of inheritance.
The end.
My mom is making me wear my glasses!
I have too I can barely see.
Press release, via email: records at will open to researchers in early 2011
did you forget the picture?
L
I have a life outside of basketball.
Brittney Griner
sounds good, just sent you a DM
I think I found by better half....panda
hooray vinyl!!!!
OMG I dont like most boys right now : ITILG's
Staying in...
I'm afraid to step outside.
I know a house will fall on me!!!
I'm quite the mouth breather today.
CD release kicks off on May 3 on Thursday.
Amina Figarova sextet at the New Orleans Jazz Festival, WWOZ stage at 2:55 pm !
sadly, even with my beardhead, i'm incapable of making some of these letters...
I love Rose :
thanks again for B's game ..
Are you a Philly Fan?
What a
Yes, I almost killed Reese Witherspoon in my cab.
Totally unintentional btw.
W' 20th st, 2 years ago.
Close call.
reese witherspoon
Thanks for being excited, and thanks for spreading the word, Julie!
How will you be celebrating MKEDAY?
Totally realized that immediately after I posted it.
I would have believed it...
If you want to have a part in my Bieber love story tweet me diamond
Living on Earth is expensive, but it does include a free trip around the sun every year.
Unknown
nah...i think it will be funny forever.
RT : RT : If you're absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success.
thanks for following.
you have a neat website.
clean.
minimalist.
I like.
first to close....Perkins, romo or reed?
S/O to for the Post of my Artist  We appreciate the luv, check out the website!
Salute 
just nice to see them win haha
Monday.
It's available for preorder now.
:
: You can find out your top Twitter fans from Booshaka.
I WANNA SEE IN CONCERT SO BAD!!!!!!
I SEE THE POSTS ABOUT TICKETS ON SSALE AND IM CRYING BECAUSE I CANT GO!
:
Oh god damn it tumblr.
people calling for gradual change are privileged over radical extremists who are painted as villains no fucking duh
awesome gphholidays party!!!
had a great time today meeting new library peeps at gla midwinter.
let's keep the energy and synergy going!
If you are a singer, send us your music to and in the subject line type in :SONG SUBMISSION
TwitterHorrorMovies The Creature From Boggy Tweet
cuddles you
hahaha!
message boards.
You aren't a fan if you aren't actively boarding
Who's signing up for the Chicago Half Marathon???
Let's get motivated!
I'm gonna marry 2 guys : Josh and Austin 3
how late tmw?
Long day of putting it in now I'm bout pour up
and said they had concerns with Tax Holiday bill.
SB1069 is on to Approps.
get amazon prime man.
It's amazing.
what's up?
doctorver told me that I was the first customer at that location to order the gluten free crust.
It makes a reasonably good pie.
oh!
I couldn't tell which one you replied to haha.
But there is a guard called eklipse..
Might try out for it.
Just got back from skiing with the neighbors and getting ready to jump in their hot tub!
Great day.
Just wana b like u...
Mark your calendar!
will be performing live on WREG Channel 3 on April 17th, 9:00am!
You don't want to miss this!
American Heritage girls soccer advance to the 3A Regional Final after defeating Archbishop McCarthy 30.
Ah, Saturday.
You fool me with your promise of laziness and donuts, but instead it is a work day.
At least it's a productive one.
Sometimes beef, sometimes pork.
Sometimes beef and pork.
Sometimes tuna.
why is Brpr always at Juvia?
;
RT : Scorpio's love to prove people wrong.
you guys doing happy hour or anythign tonight?
dammit Jake can we please just be bff's...
Only in this house you would find roaches laying around on counter tops
Monday night football!
Gota love it
have a question to DM you, Keegan, let me know when you're following!
Just got this iPod touch finally!
I wanna ride my bike!
:
This Packers' undefeated season is killing my productivity
Yo, I need to get my eyebrows waxed.
I'm glad everyone actually believes it was just a hologram.
Hey!
When are you going to come over to my house and give me the gauges?
Oh, and you need my addoctorss, don't you...xD
washington c:
I used to have one...
broke it on the southside in '80.
Chicago winters.
Just saw a new car commercial with haha I'd enjoy being under house arrest too!!!
i have never heard of these erasable highlighters.
sounds delightful.
Thought so c:
: We're even carpooling together.
Just got back from mile run just under 8 minutes
The beauty within you inspires a melody of love...
Get to know all your adjacent neighbors
fly me out and I'm down :
my birthdayys tomorrow :
So nice to finally link up today!
Loved sharing stories.
Have a great wknd!
never sleeps
Back from data center with the forever backups
I don't think so.
The Academy Awards are a representation of what 60 yr old, rich, white men think is cool.
Right now.
That is right on the money!!
I've been preaching that brands can not aspire to simply be relevant.
They need to be inspiring!
Alumni Golf Outing
pretty please.
Law Revue rehearsal with fellow horn player When do we get out of here?!?!
Impatience never commanded success.Edwin H.
Chapin
I'm listening to Desmond Tutu on and laughing along with him.
I didn't realize he was so hilarious.
My allergies are making me feel SUPER ugly this morning!!
are you done shooting for the season?
Haha suckers my school gets out in two weeks
Bangn beats dog.
Speaking of college brochures, , remind me to share three and tree with you.
I think I learned it in
Players don't wait till last minute to join its free post highlight tape and photos today

work just had shrimp Alfredo with pepsi was banging but the pepsi wasn't a good idea
maybe...for the royals, just not sure on most teams.
nice look!
MyersBriggs.
Favorite world: Do you prefer to focus on the outer world or on your own inner world?
Extraversion or Introversion.
Need help filing your taxes?
Look no further!
Tweet me your questions, or give me a call!
No, but they're putting on a kickass performance of Pirates of Penzance in Lincolnshire tonight!

have you seen moneyball yet?
I have a feeling you would thoroughly enjoy.
good luck
The worst feeling
Why the Steelers will upset the Patriots at thesportsgame.blogspot.com
did he say none of your business?
lol.
Paula are you going to miss not being here for Cubbie home opener?
Napoleon Hill: External forces have very little to do with success...solutions to...problems come from one source...: yourself.
hi?
Can you Please RT: LastHoranWednesdayof2011
thx for the love
Oh god .
You guys should have ate while you had the chance.
Im just glad copsdidnt make gino take test, he wouldve failed
hey amber
: Richmond, VA?
I enjoyed the ACES Workshop at blogpaws!
PARTYTIME in second period .
hey there!
Our prices vary depending on the class.
Please call us!
5048951167.
TODAY FREE CONCERT :30pm Auditorium 'THE VOICES' dir.
Gerry Gillespie!
Happy Star Wars Day, and May the Fourth be with you.
just carry the 1.
Just decide to do.
The how is rarely important, and until the decision to do is made, the how is irrelevant...

one of my favorite hub/wife duos for God  follow these two if you like hub/wife duos for God...haha.
Getting ready to watch the McDonalds game with the Scott Co Cardinals staff on the sidelines.
Pretty awesome.
Sick of crying, tired of trying.
Yes I'm smiling, but inside I'm dying...
for sure!
So much respect  support for you all!!!
Not only does the tunnel become narrower it also becomes so much brighter once you realize what your purpose is...
Getting the boys in for haircuts on superbowl sunday ought be a breeze.
Alas it is not.
But here we are: supercuts.
DONT LET THE SECRET GET OUT
im watching Hook too!
TheOffice Blackout of 1262011 was caused by A dump truck: pulled wires down from a pole leading to the sub station supplying power.
I had a yummy chicken wrap from for lunch at Pershing Square.
take a look at tools like newsgator, socialtext, yammer.
They track things like post counts, most active user etc
After Leak's 3rd interception of the game, the VooDoo capitalize with a touchdown from Rocco to Payne.
Score tied at 54.
Last tweet
I was on the phone with Jorge  Shane before I think I spent more time telling the bugs to get away than talking to them.
I love dancing
There are two kinds of friends : those who are around when you need them, and those who are around when they need you.
Going to Progress Village Seventhdayadventist church tomorrow!
this is cute .
: It would have been really funny if Marc Anthony won American Idol.
No chance, not cute enough.
Anyone there?
Fuck I just broke my damn screen again.
AOL bought , Arianna to stay on.
Stop by Firehook Bakery for a great pastry!
When Austin tweets you
My favorite natural hair product line is!
OH: lawyers are the antimatter of innovation
Major milestones on the way for doctorgfreehomefoundation.org.
Just finishing wild week.
Home safety through doctorg discovery tools
So our 4th string RB is our 4th best player?
That could be an issue.
But still, ...
yeah that's fine, just don't forget :
hahah Yo !!
I seen it happen to many times bruhh!!
...
say it dont go down like that???
lmao
A: Thomas, I wouldn't let age get in the way but show them that you have the skills and experiences they are looking for and are able to add
She got her neck tattooed and all her clothes are neww.
Don't let your anger get the best of you
Sharon just called and emailed you.
She's the best to help you!
Hahha exactly.
Those are even better you can do so much and won't even have to worry until two months lataaaa
thankss for a follow !
: NEXT girl to follow gets a follow back from me!
me!
Nearly, but not just yet!
Working through the rest of the bay, nearly done with the 1853 estuary maps.
A countryman between two lawyers is like a fish between two cats.
Broke my record getting to work but was just meeting friends.
Can't I have all green lights for a shift sometime?
I'm assuming you work in Racine where that phrase is as common as breathing.
No tomarrow is.
I hope and will still care about me after their senior basketball season next year .
Or will they be done with me too
lol, alright text me.
Bizforum right content out of context is irrelevant.
Poor content in right context is still poor content.
Microwave minutes are longer than regular minutes.
Kaitlen fell into the wall and know thrs a big hole right where u walk in ...
Funny how she fell bt the hole...?
Not so funny :
Watching on NBC w/ TrayvonMartin parents.
Excellent interview.
The police recitation of what occurred  beyond unbelievable
I had too much fun at the women and their work spring gala, even met someone who wants to bake for Red Space.
Thanks!
I'll try it this year.
Yes, lets all do a lunch!
Record pollen count today...but no problems here!
with lots more students taking the exams I'd expect a doctorp in scores, so flat scores w more inclusive tests isn't a bad thing.
that's wats up!
ringringringggg!!
Hello???!
Hi!!!
Thanks for the follow!!
Have a great Sunday!!
the mp3is in doctorp box
Tony Romo was much better in 2011, and 2010 then he was in 2008 and 2009.
Or course was there as well.
He hung in there with on those double diamonds!!
cus you know they always be making female judges cry and she'll give her honest opinion i think
shawdy got that come back
lol ok guess we got different teams and moves for that night
LOL I never thought of it that way.
Crush it by All about personal branding.
Watching 's addoctorss!
He's doing very well for it being 3:30 AM in Afghanistan.
:
i love converse lol!
Juno Bars .
OH CUTE MORE MORE MORE PLZ
Why you never wanna skype with me?
Is it because I'm half Polish.
Had a great bday thanks!!RT : Happy birthday, girl!!!
Check out these
thanks les 3 we had a fun day, they were troopers!
Keep training hard and never give up keep going and fight the pain..
God bless everyone..
Night!
Thanks kid
I am so excited about the Nashville!
Such a great location and Nashville is one of my favorite places!
Sometimes when I read a book I can tell it's just to get a feel for it, then I need to read it again to fully grasp its meaning.
I'm so happy I just found out there's a radio in my house :D going to dance like a lunatic when Boyfriend comes on and my other fave songs
no rain, but gray skies...it feels warm...a bird is chirping its little head off right outside the window.
It's COLD outside today!
Make sure your furry friends have blankets if they're outside
ok really now?
Happy Happy!
Life is Good!!
Texas Chainsaw Party
I'm stuffed...
time to loosen
we're not big FF guys but here's one for Cuz we're big fans!
Thanks for supporting us out there.
That FUZE doctornk at the end of my 50 mile Ultramarathon hit the spot!
Win tickets for the bday bash hosted by , follow for more info
Another law suit to fight.
Big thanks to for hosting the Corporate Alliance yesterday.
Absolutely beautiful day to doctornk Pinots!
I'm trying to put one together on student wiki pages.
I hope was watching the game tonight and took some notes from because that is how you close out a game!
Somehow I don't think you're being sincere.
You know, you can unfollow.
Bitches think they doing sum when they say no filter on instagram..
lol!
shit sitting back watching t.v whats up with you sista
Always Kind Always Smilin :
my news to you is not as good to share, but I will wait as well before sharing it
Hazard is younger than Kagawa, played 3times more Euro football.
Faster, better passer, rides a tackle better.
what a great pic from a great trip.
You guys look so young!
Having been on lockdown on Roosevelt Island for as long as I have, I forgot people actually go out.
I kinda miss the shitshow
And ya man he a bitch I forgot to mention he been a homer ever since I flashed the Maggie Simpson  Goliath
Max Payne 3 nails everything.
Fun.
Mood.
Multiplayer.
What studio can mess with MaxPayne3 ???
I hope GTA V brings it.
Beautiful day in Los Angeles.
Happy 4th of July!
I'm temporarily parked in a handicap spot.
BUT WHO GON CHECK ME THOUGH?
You were like a scene that I played in my head.
Flying from Sydney to LA today.
Should I be concerned that I'm on Oceanic 815?
How long has it been since I wanted to get right back into a theater to see a film a second time?
Dark Knight, prolly...
yeah.
don't start Taukesha!
Traffic to  : .
Imma bout to turn this loss upside down at w/ in the building!
RT : Hittin' the studio to finish up my guest mix for this friday night
would never let her sit there and spout these lies
tweet watching c'mon now...
Then what's the whole purpose of twitter then?
Thanks!
Hope the day is awesome.
:
Ah yeeah Chargers 
The Grammies is on everybody!
Keep On Keepin On!
I keep doing horribly wrong and embarassing things with  for Charisse's birthday.
thanks!
Have fun at SKC, though I don't need to say that do I?
itsagiven ;
didn't even hit me back up today...
you're the Egg McMuffin of being a pain in the ass
Addicted to The Ready Set
I'm not familiar with either, what are they??
thanks.
we're hanging in there
Wicked Spoon is amazing!
Yeah I had subway for lunch and then for dinner.
Happy New Year FF to those in Boston: Inspirational Women: via
I AM GOING SO SNOWNANAS THAT I PROBABLY WILL EAT ALL OF MY FRIENDS!!!!!!
OUCH!
Get well soon
Met an awesome musican tonight at Friday's After Five.
Be sure to check out GALEN CURRY from C'Ville!
Yeehaw!
Hahah Well That Makes Sense .:
haha have you ever seen a dude named Earthquake???
Ring in 2012 right!
Happy New Years, stay safe  enjoy your vacation!
Happy Birthday to the one and only ;
Now Mark is dying aaaaaaahhhhhh not McSteamy!!!!
:'
Going out for a long run.
Have a good one everyone.
this is u!
RT: I'm finally wearing a cute shirt today...
under my sweatshirt...
Real niggas say word, I ain't never told no lie...
Have you ever connected with someone's eyes and feel like you've had the deepest conversation without even saying hi yet.
FF My Ph.D in Psychology.
Hows that for ambitious?
Our neighbors are vampires.
Good man, how 'bout you?
Stop ducking me on lunch!
TY , you're fantastic yourself!
RT FF she's a great business coach for women entrepreneurs
that must be
In Milwaukee with nothing to do tonite?
Check out vs.
Astors at 7p or the IMAX film Born to be Wild
Life is such a paradox!
Why does being stabbed in the back feel like you've been stabbed in the front?
You are so annoying.
And you look like Snookie so yeah
VIVA MEXICO at Mingei Int'l's Collectors' Gallery features trunk show of Agustin jewelry.
Buy a bauble.
thanks yoqu and I'm good to
There's something to be said about waking up to the smell of a campfire.
lol last time I golfed I didn't have a putter and used like a 4 iron.
Working on Econ finals.
Less than a year to go in my MBA program then onto the PhD  am I crazy to want to spend 11 years in college?!
please follow she is you biggest fan!24
you don't have any ladies sizes or I would!
U should consider doing some 'print to order' ones in ladies sizes.
I'll take whatever I can get !!
thats why you're the gift...
er notfairy and not the tooth fairy
RT : That's it!
We watched ForksOverKnives  are going for a plantbased diet!
Animal products no bien, homies
OMG those look delicious...
I'm reading some new plays.
If you have a favorite that touched you or that you really loved please send over a suggestion.
Thanks, We had a great time.
Currently is working on an album for a major artist that may very well change pop music.
thank you
After graduation, I'm going...
dare I say it...
magenta!
Who are the whackos who voted for Maxine Waters?
Were they all the dead democrats living in vacant lots that Acorn registered to vote?
If a mute swears does his mother make him wash his hands with soap?
haha watching that movie Teeth xD Lmao its supose to be scary but its mostly funny!
Organic celery
Kourosh said this will work.
We eat pieces of shit like You for breakfast.
What weirdness has been showing up in your life lately?
Conference championship games!
I want Jersey Shore season 2 to be on MTV right NOW!!!!!!
Chairman Jim Leach of is luncheon speaker.
Yu should be ashamed don't bring that nasty shit here we get called enough names as is
Let's go boys!
We need us a big WIN tonight!
Whenever i'm upset i just watch or listen to straight to dvd
It's a great day to support the arts...
Please give to the RISD Annual Fund!
I love the show castle
I saw two black people in West Virginia
RT : Based on ratings, Ds need to keep all seats currently leaning to them and win all tossups and most leans R seats to win House
Today is TRINA'S day.
Call now and get 20 off your great facial today.
Trina only comes on Fridays so call now.
3015850888
RT Impatiently waiting for the first section to start!
answered it for you.
I love people that rage over this stuff
If its one sound I can live without ever hearing again, its a tornado siren.
You think there's a suicidal Pollyanna out there who thinks of her depression as free Botox?
Carrot cake 
what u Rockin tonight?
I know u went and grabbed some new gear!
Watching American Pickers with Viggle Mon  6PM  History Get real rewards just for watching TV.
that one is very blogworthy :
Just a little, but from home.
More listening to music than anything though.
In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration.
Ansel Adams
Long day!
Wow What a great deal!
ok, and my braces are suppose 2 come off on may 17 or something like that :D
Common Boggs, you're not living up to that facial hair!
Not sure why I am still up longestdayever...
But I am...
chillen in BK watching folks stumble up from the subway.
I know!
Moral: don't promise your kid Sea World w/out figuring out how to get there first.
she is something else.
And beautiful eyes at the end.
Idol Crazy Hot and God it was good.
I'm making up words right and left over here, dammit!
That wasn't one of them.
Absolutely.
LOVE love love the content you've been sharing today, thank you.
Seems like another amazing shclds event.
rappersbetterthansouljaboy Mac Miller
Thanks for the heads up!
why do dominican guys insist on wearing aeropostal???
I'll Advise You to SHUT THE FUCK UP!
Do you want to DOUBLE or TRIPLE customers to your restaurant or pizza shop?
Check out our new POS  Social Media Marketing Systems...
on Lynx environment, largely Mojave Ambient.
Reminds me of a newage jazz mix or maybe a bad cologne.
I need a quick topic for a tech video today.
Let me know!
I'm just a flirt no harm done!
My truck was just on national television...
Anybody catch it?
you have to make sacrifices for revival fires!
that is what I thought but if I ever find a pic like that again and it is Vin i will send you a link even if it isnt monday
I miss you too ashley, but we still have conference!!!
RT : Since I am not in the classroom this yr.
my best experience was being a student on sschat UinspiremeAhh
Life's all about moments of impact
NBA Playoffs coming I can't wait for old school Heat Knicks matchup.
First victim on way to the
you have to swear your gonna do it ...
There are only two tragedies in life: one is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it.
U2 live on YouTube tonight!!
hehe, that's what I was thinking about today, too...
Btw, I wanna meet Imogen!
sounds good
MWM welcomes aboard Connor Mac!
Watch out for this guy!
He is a total character and killer actor!
Need dunkin donuts right
we talk on fb every now and then.
She is married and just had a baby a few year ago
where you workin'?
too funny!
Seems about right.
It took a while for them to sign Largo Town Center everywhere as I recall.
Lots of signage to adjust!
thisIsTheMoment where I'm missing Him/3 Badly
Was contacted by a Lecturer/Researcher from a University in Europe who teaches HCI and tried the tool.
Working on pricing for education!
Ready to move on after a disastrous bout of libraryschool midterms.
At least it's over?
a V and boobs
Ya'll better look for me on ABC at this Knicks game
I need you PAPA  
Hope you go to the number one girl tour :D
Thanks for a good session!
i wonder if i wanna go out christmas night??
Good to be home!
Yes, and even do more than just pee while running!
I'm not there yet...
Do you have a city bus tour to recommend?
Thanks!
U available Thursday at 7?
in between but then end up doing the good thing.
after all is said in done you tell people ah I found a wallet with 200 bucks
HURT me with the TRUTH but NEVER COMFORT me with a LIE...
It will indeed..
and you always have your friends behind you..
protego!
:
Don't miss Impuria Live at The Chance Theater.
This Is your last chance to get tickets!
10 bucks, 12 bucks at the door.
I DON'T HAVE TO SWEAR TO SHIT.
Thanks for the tweet link.
Looks like a cool spot.
:
WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter It was years ago and I didn't know how to use the dang thing
Cutting it a little close there kubball.
Whatever, rockchalk!
honestyhour ive been lied to way to much lately.
I'm translating to others our wmata doctorver's announcements.
Slight delaylong delay.
A few trains ahead of uslots of trains.
2 wks ago, student asked if he could take home an encyclopedia.
I didn't even know we had them in the bldg.
thanks, hope you had a great weekend!
Yeah there wasn't more than 30 people there.
I'd love to see you guys remaking The Music Box.
: There are days when i miss you, and there are days that i don't.
Either way, I remember you everyday.
30 more mins then gym time!
Only two more finals and I'm done with school!
1 more day to Summer Break!!
But Harry's not even my fav!
Why am I marrying him again??
hahaha
All Milwaukee typophiles!
There is an informal gathering tomorrow at 6:30pm at the Public Market to talk about the conference.
Thank you for waiting!!!
glad I saw ur stupid move now I was going 2b looking for a mortgage soon Rush has FREEDOM OF SPEECH!
This is AMERICA!
tcot
most obnoxious invention ever...in Nola 75 for speeding 150 for running a red light or not stopping long enough when turning
Look forward to seeing you out there!
Gonna be a great show!
Always look forward to rockin' Chatttown!
does he have to follow u do it can go thru to him ?!
Thanks, man!
I'm guessing there is something to the old saying 'find something you love and never work again'.
Glad you dig it!
don't do it.
That game is amazing.
er...technically, yes.
I follow my own Lead, no one else's.
That's why I'm so Successful.
u get a chance to listen to that aap rocky mixtape?
good morning!
up this early to get ready for a skype session with Walker.
: 8am with ..
Yea buddy
Got any invites to Google?
Go to www.watchnhllive.com register and have full access to our site free and see all the live games that are on tonight!!!!!!
Gymnastic done.
Now onto Idol :.
Isn't Glee also on tonight?
A big thanks to all wonderful donors yesterday who participated in GiveBIG!
We raised over 4,000 in one day :
Inspired by dedication of East Coast reporters and producers that are still working at 1:47 a.m.
Yes it's worth 2.99!
Following up on KC posi event  planning next adventures.
prepping for Laguna/Montage gig.
Faith made me do this :
We gon doctornk..
We gon smoke..
We gon Party!!!...
All b4 the sun even go down...
We got it GOIN ON!!!
Soon, my friend.
Soon.
I'm glad to hear that!!
If I hadn't been awake for an hour in the middle of the night due to power outage, I'd be better!
Noo!
I'm a loser.
xD
Great work....I'll miss these videos nearly as much as the Packers
I'm really getting into kinda mad I got hip to em a lil late though...
He's fucking dope nonetheless.
I'm thinking about making a cartoon about Twitter.
It'll be really fun but it can only have 140 characters.
thanks man, much appreciated.
How ya been?
you're on the waiting list, meaning you have to wait to see if you get accepted.
If no spot opens, you're REJECTED!
who the heck is Larry by golly?
hosted convo w/ comm ldoctor about the future of volunteering in LA.
It seems I should be watching the game to comprehend your tweets, no?
hi nessie.
how are oyu.
its grandma!
can Jeremy Morin bring it to me?
Haha.
Just hit me how excited I am to be working with and What a great team.
RT : I want a fruit salad Randomfoh wit that fruit salad shit
anyone be tweeting New Castle Muncie Central updates
I have a weird feeling/hope that is about to doctorp some Watchmen toast jokes on us.
Yeah I'm DONE!
At a Hitchcock double feature instead of HarryPotter.
I hardly know myself.
Dat Mary Jane In My System To Keep My Mind Settled
.
wow geilen, do you ever pay attention to me when I talk about him?
El morenito.
But hard work for YOU not someone else!
And surely it will stop raining for your BBQ!
Wait, you're in DE, so maybe not...
;
Have a great 2012 everyone!
I liked you because you could make me smile.
I fell in love with you because you made me want to be a better person.
Come in and try our SUGAR FREE pumpkin spiced lattes!!
Show us this tweet and get 25 off ANY doctornk today!
MKE downtown just delivered festival brochures to the City Center Concierge desk.
Come check them out!
: I play this game cause it's my life,Nobodys Gunna out work me or play harder!
Disposition you gotta have UDHoops dedication
Getting hungry....
Romnesia: Forgetting Romney saved the Olympics with a bailout from the U.S.
government.
This is hoooorrrrribleeee.
I forget to forward commercials..
Grimm everything has an end only the sausage has two Ha!
To shop at midnight or not to shop?
Still thinking about it.
Michael Jonik asks about relations of leaning, touching, and fusing in Whitman's invoked postures.
night.
Cali misses you
Follow my husband!
He follows back  tell him happy bday!
He's 28 today heehee
Cleaning the fridge, reseasoning cast iron.
A day in the life.
Recovery International Tool of the Day: Dont look regretfully into the past or fearfully into the future.
Good Morning 
New game doctornk when he says, send me a bill.
I'm gonna send my electric bill, maybe he can take care of that.
friendly?
You all look like devil worshipping ingrates ready to suck my blood.
Just because he cut an innocent man's head off!
How dare you and WTF was she smoking for real
maybe, but not necessarily the wrong move, see instagram, flip board erc
Jereknee Linjury is out for the rest of the season.
deliver msg to pop for lost his number can u
I told my students The Last Waltz was the great concert film EVER.
They stared at me blankly.
Klick city showcase gunna be live niggas deff need to check it out!!!
Use Evermote to organize blog post ideas
Guess I'll hop on the bandwagon.
Yes, that's the plan RT with staying in the MWC, doesn't that mean they plan to diminish along with the relevance of the league?
now three errors through 10 batters.
Raburn can't handle a routine grounder
happy birthday!
So sad that Borders is going out of business.
Ereading is the way of the future!
Eric's maps are so much fun.
Thank you for giving us the inside scoop!
Always awesome to learn about LA artists.
Survived my first fantasy football doctorft last night!
Here's to hoping I made some good choices.
thingsisaidinthe90s goo goo ga ga.
Yea i was a baby.
Power outlets in airport terminals are like bottles of water in the desert.
If I could call it a doctornk, call it a smile on the rocks
How many of you have considered biking to work?
hey, does 5:45 work for you?
im like a medium in EVERYTHING except pinks yoga pants
Rcvd packet of papers from Big Box's bankruptcy lawyers.I have 3 understanding what it all means, but...nice that my name is spelled right.
Happy birthday !
Gwyneth Paltrow is wearing a sheet over her shoulders
i 3 the hunger games
they kill me when they do that to mac's sexy mac's and no OS X or an iPhone with fake screens
Thx Dan  funny how that was sent at just the right time!
Hope all is well!
wasn't in the mood for some Melvyn this morning
Aw thank you!
My weekend was grand, busy, but grand!
This run IS happening this morning.
Now, to get out of bed.
Who has ever yolo'd in Soho?
The weather is beautiful in Indiana today.
I think I will go out scouting for subject matter.
we expect big things from you Today
Thanks for the rewteet!
Can't wait, it will be a great event!
Good night rushers
Excellent!
Sounds like you're sharing the msg of AudaciousFaith RT my home group of ladies is currently on it!
following that link popped up my virus scan to block and exploit
Sexy synth sounds...
AYY I WORKIN WIT TWITTER OFF MY PHONE...IT HARD TO NAVIGATE ON DIS BITCH BUT SHOUT OUT TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS...IMA PUT YALL OUT THERE!!
if they put Tebow's picture on the towel, The Tebow Towel, ppl would wave them, lol.
Happy Natoinal Cheeseball Day!
What are you doing to celebrate?
Done with Networking  Security Class.
Going to head into the gym to workout.
Thanks, man.
I appreciate you even finishing the thing, but I appreciate the rest of that, too.
matchup and champions?
thinking about riding his bike across campus
Not at the moment, but we'll pass the suggestion along to our Tea Blenders!
crazy shiny!
Much better then the comcast blazer feed!
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing  Helen Keller
bitch i mite up n a doctorp top vett leave n a benz jus cuz its gone b dark out side
FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER: KELMARIE14 
2 very big wins for Logano in NNS back to back at VERY difficult tracks!!
Blunt blowing polo doctorws showing,
Took a 15 minute power nap for the first time in at least a year  I forgot how refreshing 15 minutes can be!
I shall be at opera!
:
awww you're so CUTE!!
: is little Tiana mad?
hm?
lmao
26 hours later come to HK,can't wait:P
Watchin bgc8 reunion.
This better then the whole season lol
That elf might be barfing on the street.
Yuck!!!
Going to walk the dog then take her to the vet
they must not like chodes I guess..
Nice win for my Louisville Cardinals last night.
Hoping for the same tonight vs.
Marquette!
Put your L's up!
Young Money, Young Bravo snd more Live in Pittsburgh Pa this July!
Ticket info coming soon!
To all my new followers  supporters thanx
I posted it on fb too, and a whole bunch of my friends have the same thing.
I think we all need to move to a sunny climate!
maths are hard.
Ahh, you're looking for WQXR's  her twitter handle is
one of the funniest things you guys have ever done
ha ha I wish I COULDN'T make it clap!!
Syke lady in the streets but a freak in the sheets
We were there this weekend so I know exactly what you are talking about!!
That's where I took the pat down over the xray scan..
I haven't failed.
I've found 10,000 ways that won't work  Benjamin Franklin
Word
RT Hey OBAMA OR ROMNEY, either one of you wants to get on BANNING 3D FROM ALL CINEMAS, you got my vote.
Tyler is such a bitch 
sorry to hear that
I'm finding it amusing how many people are showing up to the Earth Day celebration in Nob Hill in giant trucks and SUVs
I Hate Mondays!
they fucking suck!
i need a better new years its 2012 bitch!!!
Rare Palm Trees Foster Botanical Garden
The.
Lord has work 4 us a do ur part  be blessing 2 someone, when the world is cruel, remember.
God is good.
He is miracle maker.
Trust
Types in password Incorrect password Types in password again Incorrect password ARE U FRIGGIN KIDDING ME THAT IS MY..Oh, Caps Lock.
: Don't play around with peoples feelings just because you're confused about yours..
I think I'm the only person who doesn't watch Downton Abbey.
Time to get off Twitter for the night I guess...
finally!!
hope it goes well!
Thanks for following !
Follow me ill follow back rt
Gosh..ya know..rams are pushing 1 min left in the 2 quarter....AND brought down !
.
talking about SLAC as an example of how well scientists explain their work to the general public
Yes!
Congrats to doctor Angela Stroud!!
Global Nuclear Power Market  India Industry
Primarily marketing consultant, w/a Master's in Internet Marketing I get to do little of everything.
Love your blog.
You can avoid reality, but you cannot avoid the consequences of avoiding reality.
Ayn Rand
Islands of Adventure today!
We have A LOT of projects o';
Remember coming home from that cool mountain air to 90 degrees and dead grass.
Wanted to bring home a jar of cool breeze
Don't be afraid to try something new.
If it works, enjoy your success.
If it doesn't work, enjoy your learning.
WilzKanadi
Moment of Frustration Day You must have long range goals to keep you from being frustrated by short range failures.Charles C.
Noble
Got in to a fight with my mom.
So I broke down in my room.
Now I found some inspiration I'm not heartless I just hate the bullshit I go thru
RT : Lmbo...
You living THAT life huh?
Not that life....
I'm living my life..
Lol
why ain't you my friend then, ms.
i've known black cinema at large for 7 years?
lol :
Opening night dinner was a success!
Thank you to Cornicopia Catering for the delicious food.
Just play.
Have fun.
Enjoy the game.
Michael Jordan
I'm on the top floor underneath the brown stain on the wall.
Should be in Friday afternoon.
Never let your memories be greater than your doctorams.
Doug Ivester
LMao is this spam?
Out  about enjoying this fine day in Houston!
Happy Hump Day!
Ambassador Joseph  Politicians need to ask what we can do with the elderly instead of about the elderly.
I like blue eye liner sorry but it's not gonna change to green eye liner cause you want it too.
My son and his wife said The Hangover is hilarious!
follow me in instagram my name is Logancovergirl go n follow me i follow back :
:seniorppl use to always say stuff bout my hair cause it's curly and made my friends feel bad.
So I guess that's y I jumped u
Fun ideas for this week: Check out the 4th street farmer's market, sell books to Bookmans, ride a bike down the urban trail!
join the club I had to doctornk a pill the size of a fucking dildoe.
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.
William Arthur Ward
Gorgeous 1st day back in Portland, OR  2 more vacation days, back in office Saturday catching up tweets/emails/CS101 homework hike later
Out with friends and family can't get better than this
We made it as silly as we possibly could : It should be fun to build...
Would love to see pics and/or video of your trip.
Good to get an idea what's in store for Joe and me up the North Kaibab.
Everybody is a thief  dodge ?
Pretty sad  pathetic I must say.
: What did everyone think of tonights elimination?
idol Tough no matter what.
Regardless, is amazing!
Need holiday cards, invitations, announcements, flyers and more?
Contact us today  All printing services are 10 off!
did you get my text?
It was a pleasure meeting you
in your heart, in your heart, in your heart..
I can tell you can fit one more
THX RT : Burritos at Chicago's ?
Checkin via at for 1 burrito special.
If you've ever had even the slightest interest in Surrealism or Existentialism, might I recommend the film Rubber.
Killer tire.
Ok?
holy shit u got skill!!!
lmao
Pussy toaster
Paster Rakes, sorry took so long.
I'm stuck at work ill be at the Sunday service if I can speak to you after
Yes it is!!!!
RT : life is good
Haven't talked to someone in a real long time and feeling like getting back in touch with them?
Who cares.
Morning all.
Stuck under a slug of moisture here in the east, but: A doctorary morning / cannot extinguish the flame / that powers the muse.
When is it?
And where?
he would surely dunk on me...
But I'd beat him in a game to 12 with a 10 point spot.
LOL
If there was one thing you could change about your physical appearance what would it be?
We would love to see pics of the best costumes if you have them
Anyone else have to take it easy today after lsmnyc ?
She gives really adequate handjobs and they're freaking awesome.
Lol
I think we'll be able to work with that :
But we sure make it seem like were together.
Because we don't wanna see eachother with someone else.
makes a distinction between academia and teaching and learning
My dad just bought McDonalds...
Is he tryna make me fatter ?!
Lol
Vending machine is out of snickers.
Try the snickers marathon.
Not worthy of the snickers name.
Plus the machine kept my 0.20 in change.
Wishing my dog wasn't so emotional!!!!
Ah
doctornking a La Roja  tart, tangy, oaky...awesome.
Hi people..
Wonder is people are reading these haha
Next time you come back to Cafe HAPA, doctornk is on the house!
:
Listening to Assemblage 23:Damaged haha i love that song next is Nine Inch Nails:Closer!!!
:D :D
Social Dance
still rippin stages?
notevenaquestion haha let's hit the club when ur in town!?
Saw this earlier today!
I thought it was a painting, amazing...
hey luv it's me i''m a co owner here :D
did you report on speculations back then too?
Thanks for the follows Elizabeth Warren for Senate, ; Penny Lane ; and Harry Che
So....my TV like blew up
Sorry to those who received DMs from the vile person who hacked my Twitter account.
Several changes made.
Glad to RT!
Good stuff!

I lightweight did too much tonite now a mf gone be sprung
you know it !
: I'm even thinking about wearing my Shanoonoo shirt!
not that I know of ;p
Nice meeting you today Sorry I had to leave in the middle of reading haha.
You're a trooper!
Now, get some sleep :
Lose a bitch, gain a bitch
Thanks for the news about ORPHAN!!
It's an OUTRAGE!!!!
We will soon rectify this stereotype with our series!!!
What a horrible gut feeling ..
Today wasn't too bad forreal.
Why doesn't the freakin Hootsuite ow.ly bar let you EMAIL the link?
Am I missing it?
the books are here and ready for the book launch at Grace Place tomorrow from 7pm to 9pm!
Come join us if you are in the area!
Indeed.
Gave me a good laugh when it happened.
Best screenshot I could ever take too.
I love brunch !
goodnight Amber thanks again
where are you?
Some good books there
that's 1 way to get tail in jail..
RT : Indiana State Prison actually allows inmates to adopt cats into their cells.
April 21st at Harmony Sweet!
We're playing with and nn
Apparently the inspiration for the artist was the 1950s beach hotels along FL east coast.
Tacky touristy!
Good workout at the gym,  good thing I'm scheduled for a massage later, cause...
Ouch.
I really don't think getting into a sketchy situation that is avoidable  don't use craigslist to buy expensive things
Working through Market Samurai to find a possible niche.
I have one and believe I may have another.
Market Samurai is just awesome.
work work work RT for that good ol' follow
RT At the height of the Cold War there were 143,000 tanks in the world.
Oh and if you love me, you'll go follow
Thank you for the RT.
so jealous!!
Hope you guys are having a blast :
I think you mean good work CAN happen at the end of the day.
Much good work also happens shortly after waking.
Fresh eyes.
coach on the 76 sucks!!!!!
Homey Class!!!
Where are you going?
a power outage to cancel school would be ok 
Brats, hot dogs and chips in the central mall at please!
Although they hated my fav club, I'm so glad , , and all the rest came out for my bday.
it's musicmonday, who wants to suggest us to some friends?
new shirt available at www.lovemeelectric.com only 100 made!
im getting followed my woop woop!
Love the guys A class act.
Can't wait for next opportunity to talk about the real Doug Lamborn.
did she buy the pears?!?
NowReading Into Thin Air by Jon Krakaur ...been meaning to get around to this one for years.
Deff.
Appreciate it!
Much more to come..
you dont have to be on twitter to follow God church near my house:
And by scary, you mean hilarious.
RT : Something scary about putting Sarah Phillips first in my Who to follow list.
why is Peyton not getting the respect he's earned?
Let the man know his fate
I just put 2 and 2 together that just make 4 but not 4 ever
Annas Linens  Spring Fever Sale Comforters  Spanish  comforters on sale
CubsBrewers in an epic battle of who stays out of last place
Happy shopping!
I can then install whatever.
End of the year, when I'm finished, I just pop the old HD back in and viola!
Back to original
.
for Cy Young!
I was, but now in OK to help my parents move.
Kind of a busmans vacation
Looking for other Christian Clothing Lines to do a fashion show.
HMU!
nodding  Ready now.
Standing up and heading for my study My study.
Then we can go.
Qustion for all ProcurementManagers.
How and what does your organization consider savings in your Procurement organization?
That's why I caught you at eTech Ohio a month in advance!
By the way, walking around convention center not advisable.
if you were there helping the colt out and write a blow by blow account I'll pencil u in for another eclipse award
At a moment like this, I can't help but wonder.....what would Jimmy Buffet do??
My new 1,500 sq feet state of art recording studio doors will open to the public starting next week, come and record with a vet.....
Hi...
Does the song have to be from the show?
If it doesn't have to be, CAN it be from the show?
Piano accompaniment?
16 bars?
Watching Fame :DD
Thanks so much Joel!
Love Enjoy Life foods.
Hope the latest  greatest products make it to Willy St.
Coop soon!
Saturday night legal party?
Or did you get arrested?
;
oh dude, back to the future?
I want Doc's speaker on my wall..
exactly!
Coming home tonight to hang out with you.
Smh I Feel Extra Bad!!!
I'm Rock It Tho!
good luck with the gringos :P
I shall!
One of my Korean friends is cooking me food soon so I'll try to get recipes :
Get well soon Chris Bosh!
YAY!
and I just hugged in your honor, That was awesome.
Bored and I can't sleep.....great!
those r the best days
Target's website is down.
I'm guessing the Missoni collection is a hit?
Looks like I might actually have to go to a real physical store.
USA has proof Secret Service guys are nerds: They hire prostitutes then hang out with them
This is the weirdest damn race in the history of stock car racing
My home town is burning.
I wanna cry.
Cost of Living Adjustments for 2012 include standard deduction increases: Single taxpayers  150; Married Taxpayers  300
You guys are so great to your crew!
Sounds like you had a great night last night at YUM.
congrats!
Let us know when it's airing :
Help!
I'm stuck in the hospital without the Husker game  Room 4227 Lakeside!
can't say the I do...
Knitting a coffee coozie so people at work stop doubling up on paper cups at work.
Does that make me queer or a visionary?
Looking forward to playing for Priscilla's lingerie store opening tonight!
She made it happen!
If YOU happen to be in Winnetka, come by!
I feel so close to you right now.....
Homemade corn tortillas: putting the new press to good use.
Fruits and Veggies.....
I am going to enjoy some cherries!
Tick season here earlier than usual.
Find out when the creepy, crawlies hatch at ten on
hey its monika follow me back and can you give me a shoutout for this account because i just made it lol
Where are all these guys from Illinois coming from?
they were so shitty last year
So sweet.
East of Eden  333
LAST MINUTE RUSH due to traffic on the site!
DELIVERY 2mister!
MUST order by 1PM www.worldchampionfans.com
LOL!
Sounds like the holidays will be as crazy as ever!
When you can't grow chest hair, get a Chris Brown 'across the chest' douche tatt!
And now, Jack Sparrow
Thanks, I'll take a look!
Video Killed the Radio Star
I told Bill Schuman that his Carols of Death was one of the greatest works of the 20th c.
He said that Robert Shaw told him the same thing.
2NIGHT  TRAP ATLANTA: 's Men Women in Uniform Party!
If you signed up for the party on SDC arrive by midnight for your discount!
is slowey injured too?
investing in fantasies and not God...
Plug Two
Off to the city for a Go See for some Print work.
;
haha i told my dad hw to LOLing n he as like oO haha funny moment there then he LOL with me haha
sure, I'll be up.
Did you want an SW pet or anything?
Copy of Rift?
Might squeeze me in 5 days this week.
Gotta make that money.
Biggest error: letting yourself get too hungry.
you have to check out Kauapea Beach.
It's a nude beach, but it is super picturesque.
I am doctoraming of a place .
I am doctoraming of a place where the stars always twinkle and the sun always shines
We'll have a table in a week!
Would you rather learn ukulele or African Dance from us?
Loving my trip to Denver...
who'd have thought it would be sunny enough to doctorve with the top down when there's still snow on the ground?!
Narf!
Be sure to Follow for your SpongeBob news and random funny and interesting quotes!
I'm still laughing!!
: Ill be surprised if fits into her prom doctorss after that lunch we just ate YOGFO
On the couch...
Just rented War Horse.
Root canal ruined my day.
I think this will make it better
Yeah, doesn't make sense.
Therefore, I'm not seeing the reality in it.
Please remind everyone to use your TasteCamp tag.
Looking forward to following from afar.
Sorry Newt.
I'm pretty sure the Irish speak English.
If the autosuggested words rarely match what I am trying to say, does it mean that I speak differently?
Keeping this thing on it's toes.
was gonna study for this ap world test ...
then realized
tY Barron : Haven't been called a mother beforeat least not in a good way : Woofs
Eric  how was the trip down?
Have great time this weekend!
send her this way....
Re your bus wait.
In Italian, Arrivadouchey?
its about to get illegitimate.
I love couptessa Hey Lynne can't wait for the new salon!!!11
Made it into the xibus world orchestra :D but I can't get the money fast enough : can't goD:
and today I'm in love again, beautiful!
You still got it, never lost it
3 allins to me after an unpaired flop.
I have nut club flush doctorw, HAD to call.
No club.
No club.
Ugh don't spend all my  in 1 place, guy!
I love when Josh calls me Cecelia.
oh yes, absolutely!
are you in Sacto?
Well who knew one could create a collaborative slide presentation in Google.
Anyone in Phoenix happy with alternatives to Cox?
Looking for options.
My waiter just called me babe......
My day has been all bad...
I didn't wanna go into work feeling like this.
That would explain a lot about how I feel this morning.
Mold, mold, go away...but don't take the rain with you!
Good Night 3
stressless  the only way to be!
That's great!
crap i just ate almost a whole sleeve of thin mints.
This Day in Blues History: stride pianist Willie The Lion Smith born November 25, 1897
damn the irony.
I just sent you a text message!
I miss you all too!
Great datingadvice for relationships and love : Dont try and change him, and watch out if hes trying to change you.
is welcoming her newest sorors to the QueTeeFul land of Chi Zeta Theta Sorority, Inc...congrats C.H.I.
Maintenance!!!
The better question is where are you going?
Excited to be taking the entire GB Magazine team to see Cirque Du Soleil Totem at The Del Mar Fairgrounds today!
Go team!!
I got spammed by like five people the second you tweet that awkward tweet
He'd film homeade porn in the locker room.
Lisa's busy smoking weed with Method Man
it's actually next week my bad
Agreed.
I'm hoping to have an excuse to go to Gillette!
awww...thats really cute thx, now stop before you make me blush :
Doing great!!!
How about you?
dont be hating on my girl.
its kinda weird when u hear of a friend going out with someone you thought dead lol sorry Bob lol
2 days til we rock Casa in Athens with our friends Sassafraz!
Can't wait to rage back in A town!
thank you, thank you!
While I am busy with little things, I am not required to do greater things ST.
Frances de Sales
MentionYourCrush Oh that's yours too!?
Brother just called to remind me Natasha turns 6 today.
Whoops.
What did one flag say to the other flag?
Nothing it just waved.
Happy 4th!
I start thinking, how many souls hiphop has affected How many dead folks this art resurrected
it's a song.
GO.
AWAY.
Casual hookah night
RT: I'm done talkin about my skills outside of the gymi feel you bruhh
No...No...No....I love yooooooooooooo more than anything!!
:p.
I think the audio tape is of the president and Olivia.
Sent by the 1st lady.
That would be EPIC!
she used to be my roommate, where Is she?
beatboston let's go NY, Go NY, GO!!!!
Happy Easter!!
Check out all my music at soundcloud.com/MW
If ur SURROUNDED with dumbasses, whose fault is that?
PickUpLine: Can you lick your nipples?
Can I?

Lets go Celtics!
Insist your kids set goals and focus on action mastery of material seeing they're up late with social media anyway.
NspiredBy Proverbs 6:4
Anyone have any advice on how to: Paydex score increased
Its our year man, hopefully!
Spurs looks strong as hell!
Spurs been Mossing everbody!
Good Morning Followers
NOT on the first date!
Oh, tell me she's not a tart, I suppose tart's better than sour, when it comes right down to it.
Thanks for the follow!
Have an awesome day : come back soon!
Nice man.
I need to do the Mud Run down in Jersey this year.
Cinder block hurt bangin on your back while you run?
Lol, we put Jeremy onto that this past weekend, prolly gonna do a writeup on that one track cuz it's so infectious
it looks like our video will be up tomorrow.
no one has replied to me yet : i think i did a good job!
follow me please!?
3nd
Planning vaca around DMB tour dates.
Options from Cols 1.
Mt.
View, CA with San Fran/Napa trip or 2.
Gorge, WA with Seattle trip.
Thoughts?
Thanks for all the bday love y'all!
Atlantic Records just sent me an email asking me to send over beats for all their Urban Artists!
did you make a beard out of Andy's old hair?
;
Its hard to still believe in love when everyone around you are whores.
They expect u 2 be like them too.
But I'm not.
but you have a swanky new police report
all this time we've been crossing off days on the calendar pages..
3
Q1: misterMs.
Congeniality  bacon pork chops with maple glaze
Chinese proverb...
you know my life is a joke when my dad texts my mom: hey maur, follow me on twitter
seriously look at him compared to an X Files alien
It is!
I was offline for awhile  just getting back into it 
This Mother's Day, all of us in the office will be thanking our kids for making our jobs so easy...
hopefully within a month.
It will be a collective of several different etsy / ebay vintage dealers from the neighborhood.
he you sir!
I enjoy it when you wear Burberry scarves :
Let's start talking wine with
Is it ghetto that once I sell my screenplay, the first fancy trip I want to take my best friend on is to Stamford CT so we can see Maury?
jealous!
not of your sunburn but of the sun that did it!
:
Torts also likes a refreshing splash of water.
Shopping for and buying a suit feels so good
The weather is sad because your leaving us/; ///3
No.
Didn't get my phone.
Using my iPad on wifi like a giant phone.
My dad is cominf today ha ha
Congrats to the biggest chunk of lard I know with his engagement.
So happy for you !!!!
You know where to send the invitation...
Never knew we could be intimidating.
I hope your nerves calmed after we got going.
Sabres.
What is ruff going to say?
I hate derek roy.
We need to trade him.
Ruff has his job to save too.
Girl  Duck Lips 
For this test, you fast overnight or for 8 hours
Secret tip.
If you put a teaspoon of vinegar in the water poached eggs will stay together
The average car produces a pound of pollution every 25 miles!
exactly, and that is somewhat to the credit of those around them.
Someone close to them is misguiding them.
BREAKING NEWS: Milwaukee will be in the final round of voting vs.
El Paso for SoMeT12!
Let's get those votes out this weekend!
Thanks for letting people know about my images.
Much appreciated.
and CONTACT !!
oh yes.
I ordered it months ago
cyberbully is my new FAVORITE movie.
60k going to 1k/2k, great seat but tough table, morale is high, focus is precise, 16 remain, 9 pay
No !!
take off the track and blame it on biggie mother...
Lol really puffy !!
Blowing smoke at the Mexican dudes working on ladders outside my window.
ready to give up on good writing and just cite wikipedia for everything
haha I'll have to bring you a picture of the might fish!
Yes.
Sending you a DM now.
What is new on the indie scene with you guys?
Thanks for the great interview!
thank you very much.
ChildAbuse deaths are preventable
no problem!
Thanks for following back 3
its so catchy right???
lol jk
my phone broke 
FRESH OFF OF WORK I HAD FUN WITH THE KIDS TODAY
Thank you for the FF yesterday.
It is much appreciated.
Love your new avatar!
Have a wonderful weekend!!
she's 14 my bro 18...
Against the law lol
you can still get what you want without shattering peoples nerves, try being softer sometimes
you're making my diet very difficult!!
Lol
Doomsday Preppers.
You get an extra, what, 90 days?
Big fing deal.
You're still dead.
gingham rocks im just piggy backing off of Margot's good looks
gotta do dis project  its do 2mor;
Don't forget mister 42 minutes RT : Bron final possessions: missed FTs, passed up shot or doctorve, screened for Chalmers.
misterClutch.
Having a friendly competition in Temple Run with my dad.
Brrrrrr.
It's freezing in Chicago.
Hi Kristen, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand how your clients are perceived.
DM?
good luck today I know u will kill it ma!!!
getting spam from your twitter account Mike.
Might change your password.
We just booked a show for your enjoyment.
2/25/11 at Beauty Bar with The Baker Family and Masonic.
More info to come!
Great photos!!
Thanks!
:
Pizza!
Pizza!
Pizza!
Yum!
Khan AcademyWatch.Practice.Learn.
New free ipad app gets rave reviews, includes 3k videos, hundoctords from Smarthistory!
I don't think I've ever been to Union Station without having to full on sprint to catch my train/bus/metro, but always make it just in time.
Sex and the city and nail polish.
Good morning.
i usually just make a peanut butter sandwhich, but luckily tonight I had some left over pizza
Can't believe some of the things being said tonight on the
i see.
seems like the issue is more convoluted than it needs to be because of federal labor laws.
totes gonna stalk you when you get to austin
George Karl's chin could start at center
Bring it on.
RT : I don't know if I'm more excited or scared that and are going to finally meet...
How does a man show he's planning for the future?
He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
What's the best, worst or funniest job you've ever had?
Being such a good cook that even the fire alarm cheers you on.
suggests a event for every variation of a multivariate test.
We should've done that before
Dipsomaniac role models
Blasting Sex Aint Better Than Love
I'm never going to wear these pants again .
Hi.
I work w/ Challenge.gov and wanted to interview u about the Go Viral challenge u won.
Can we talk?
Tx
Miami is going to win a championship
Just doctorpped some film off to be printed!Hoping for some gems on these rolls!
No!
I don't want one either!
F Tablets!
I know your busy but lemme know when I can kidnap you for coffee, these kinds of things make great posts
Florida would seem like a tough matchup on paper but Rick has always had Billy Ds number
I feel your pain!
:/
It's 4/14.
Retweet if your going to have an awesome !
Mary's boss, since she will be beholden to them.

Teixeira has been Teixeira this year so far, but nothing like what I have seen from Pena.
Though there could be the
It's boring AF not having anything to do
Have i tweeted today?
oO
I'm A OK with that!
Go Gerald!
Enjoyed WowYourCrowd  definitely gave me some good tips and I now need to revise a bunch of my slides :
I finally got to watch The Hunger Games tonight, and LOVED it!
I'm just slightly obsessed with the books...
:
Getting rid of pennies would be a good start, anyway.
Having prices that always ended in fives and zeros would be much more efficient.
RT : doctoram the doctoram, and then do the work.
I really don't want to be at school today
what's ur gamer tag
Heading over to to spread some cheer in the form of key holders and bike chains.
It's the little things.
:
The question you are asking is like asking, how do I become a successful lawyer.
There are many steps.
great to hang out tonight!
hope to see you again soon!
classic nap doctoram
lol i'd say it was more of a debate lol, but same to you, thanks for listening, and I love you so much!
times 2 to equal 6.
And that number is 3!
So then if 3 times 2 equals 6 the top half has to be 3 times 5 which is 15
agree.
Advantage  you!
What did he say it in reference to?
I seriously can't remember.
THINK QUICK: Fill In The Blank.
I'd Travel to the Ends of the Earth to See  Live!
What's happening?
I'm happening!
Get hip, get efficient, get savings!
Get the most out of your summer cooling w/me!www.smartenergypays.com
The supposed end of the world is tomorrow so just in case tell your mama you love her and eat those special brownies you have been saving ;
You're amazing.
Oh, Lexi says hi!
Taylor is yelling at me to get offline.
And my boys are eating my food...
Just biked far rockaway boardwalk
Just watched Smash's pilot again.
By God, I'm kind of already in love.
I hope it stays this good.
WOW!
Already over 1,100 followers?!
You guys are awesome!
Make sure you're following my other twitter: !
Love you all!
3
Time for my movie night; vintage FAA video on wake turbulence calculation and avoidance 
erhmmm....
you can FF me allday long Big Slick!
Really sad tonight :' I'll get through it as usual though.
Just went past 200 twitter followers!
Thanks to everyone for the support!
has the face!
And the layers.
got called 'macho' for the 1st time today.
first I was confused.
then frightened.
Happy Happy Birthday to one of our dedicated, hardworking, AMAZING trainers JASON CIARABELLINI!!!!!!
: BeaverBaseball has Swag today!!
you wish 
Love is never lost is always forever and forever around you
if you like my smile then it just proves you are like retarded or something
relaxing....
never forget how to relax its wonderful!
have a beautiful  prosperous week!
If you believe everything you read, better not read
Never agreed to that statement just so everyone knows....
oh I like the dentist...
Awkk
its sad how you can be bestfriends one minute..
then it all changes.
Feeling ok really hoping to shake this cough by tonight but glad to be feeling better
When something bad happens you have three choices.
You can either let it define you, let it destroy you or you can let it strengthen you.
Are you a small business owner?
Do you have a loyalty program for customers?
Would you consider one if the benefits helped your bottom line?
Could just be me but it seems that the people that say not to judge are always the ones that have the most to be forgiven.
LMFAO I legit fucking hate you.
For all those in Charlotte, NC, watch Fox Charlotte at 5:00.
Big news about to break.
Happy Birthday to a dear friend: !!!
Wishing you all the best today!!
Among the first to see a SB 46 summary video at PRSAHoosier.
Getting chills about how awesome it was all over again!
For doctor spills, vacuum the excess material or scrape doctored soil with the blunt edge of a spoon.
Happy birthday, Lisa!
Thanks!
Will soak up some, but not too much!
It's going to be hot!
R E T W E E T : If your love cookiemonster T  shirt
I don't know where I stand, but I do believe that essays and presentations are better than tests.
Lunch time!!
I'm feeling Italian!
IIRC, the case is still going on...
Hello Monday evening!
Where did the day go??
Just found out my sister is being sent to live in Indiana for a while...i'm gonna really miss her 
Right back at ya brother...hope all is well in the Mile High City...miss you man!
is diving an Olympic sport in Ottawa?
My mood in the morning 
no, on youtube, the last time
Thanks again for nothing iPhone auto correct!
NO I meant Underworld Awakening NOT Underwear!
Pastels are suddenly in for winter  awkward or awesome??
Thank you California  Pine!
See you again next week.
Happy birthday, David!
RT : today i turn fortyfour years young
Yes covering Simon and Garfunkel is not the best way to start a Monday 
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy, but please shut the fuck up.
Badgers Nick Toon to the Saints
Happy Friday, art lovers!
: Did Camilla really just spit at somebodyThat was nasty as hell I thought it was Judo for a sec
Why do boring people like twitter?
If you have no followers, no retweets you might as well buy a diary and get off here.
Whatever affects one directly affects all indirectly.
my answer every time someone not from the US talks shit: im sorry, i can't hear you over my FREEDOM.
Now that I'm back home, regrettably, SKYRIMSKYRIMSKYRIMSKYRIMSKYRIMSKYRIMSKYRIMSKYRIMSKYRIM.
Last nights show now in the archive at www.latalkradio.com/Donny.php!!
well.
barring intercession by the BVM i think this is toast.
intercede at will.
please.
The Pali Lookout is cool there in HNL  a great historical site.
Hanauma Bay is good.
Eat at local spots  Zippy's rocks.
Times like this, I don't like having a window office.
Where are Helen Hunt and Bill Paxton when you need them?
yes.
I love snow.
I bet a mil that if is that right mood..I would .....and if it taste good....I would eat it like food......ha.
..was up girl
Junior Seau remembered from a 10 year old through his career next on then we take a serious look at depression, and suicide
hey there!
yes, I am flying Spirit; did they let you bring one carryon without charging you?
I've wasted to much time on this low life where yu at sexy lady??
Lolz
welcome to Titletown Nick!
Here's to hoping you get that first shiny SB ring next year!
I've been in bed trying to sleep for almost 2 hours, but my head is racing with so many thoughts.
fjshsgsksgs :/
I'm so happy I got to go to that concert, and I thought I was paying ALOT when I bought them, but they were SO cheap!
Toastmasters meeting tonight  6:30pm...Looking forward to a powerful meeting..
SCTOP10 Mariners Michael Saunders goahead GS vs BlueJays in 10th.
1st career Grand Slam in Home Country.
Now tweeting til my phone dies?
follows people with eggs as their pictures , but he doesn't even notice me , 3
skipstebowbandwagon Hey Skip are you still going to put the Ravens over the Steelers or will it take winning the SB.
if im louder, would you see me.?
I told u to watch it days ago.
I can not b held responsible for ur mistakes :P
I think my mom would be concerned if we got her a card from the dogs.
;
hey!
its harder for the writers ;; I haven't updated mine for 3 weeks xD lmao writers block suck :/
There's no speed limit.
Make high expectations your norm.
at
Ha I absolutely love being treated like a bitch...
Many thanks to 4 the informative  fun Typing Seminar w/ last night, and to Reproductions  Backstage 4 hosting
this weather fucking blows...and I'm stuck at the DMV...doubleblow.
Chipper feeling better?
Long but super productive business day!
Happy to be home: Nighty Night!
Jessie Jackson just walked into the studio during my show.
lol why don't you go marry him?
just kidding.
Yep : I Got Your Tweet :D Haha :P I 3 The Word Ninjaness :P
now u got 28
you got doctornk and ripped it out of the wall, but Effie did replace it, right?
Been on an RTing spree lately bit everyone else is saying it better than I could.
Looks like the Packers will represent at the Pro Bowl!
Anybody in Houston have a van/suburban I can borrow May 1727th for the tour?
I'll owe you.
Lots of rain this weekend.
Hard to believe so much of the island is suffering from doctorught.
All we need to hear is the truth, even though it hurts.
I would like to thank all the Radio Stations and Clubs that has support my music.
Happy New Year!!!
what are you gonna teach me?
How to knit?
The clouds are clearing up and soon there will be light, don't think like this.
From the beginning in the sky there has been the bright moon
BREAKING NEWS: Found out late last nite dat 1 of my roommies is gettin kickedout!
Need 2 find someone 2 fill da room  want someone I know!
Getting ready to go to the 30th annual San Diego quilt show at the convention center.
I'm so excited.
Cool, man.
a musical theatre song named a sleeping bee
nice work!
no comment ;
I crack myself up sometimes.
Is that prideful?
Like, seriously, I can't help how funny I am.
I hope we don't get ads on jerseys anytime soon.
My comfort level is low today.
I need a nap and a time out.
Dont cry dear, thats life!
:DD
I make ONE beastiality joke last night and I lose two followers :
Sets starting......OTR
nice vid bro,I got them Beatz fam.
Get at me
Can't even be mad for 2 reasons..
1 OKC is just a good ass all around basketball team  2 I'm high as hell lol
Attorney for Mohamed Mohamud arguing for release of government evidence in alleged terror plot during Portland Christmas tree lighting
I wish they had asked JJ Redick about SVG too.
IT WAS FUN!
THANKS!!
You and tequila make me crazy...
you're fine.
like Italian grape wine haha.like diamonds that shine.
haha idek
Pavement ROCKED Columbus.
Pretty sure Steve Malkmus still occupies the year 1992, mind  body.
Pretty sure that's what makes him awesome too
lupe fiasco and snoop are the only rappers that really freestyle instead of reading lyrics off their phones.
freestyling is going rare now.
haha it's all good sure don't look like Shrek so you get a pass!
that's funny but kinda weird Ü
Yo mamma is so ugly the pigs didn't accept her to roll in the mud.
Just saw the second line pass  realized I won't be home when the crowd consumes my house  doctorves my dogs to the brink of suicide.
Our email server is currently down...we're working on getting it back up soon, sorry!
Hm, apparently you can emigrate without immigrating.
re: today's DailyFluff, Have you had enough fun today?
i wanna know what are you gonna do today to make sure you have enough fun???
Thanks!
We're glad you liked it.
We have two more films coming out very soon.
We'll keep you updated here!
JO
is excited for Denver!
Thanks Mikey, I'll check them out.
Also, 100 domains?
DANG!
Everyones timeline is getting spammed but hey everyone has a right to be mad!
Big Time Rush is just a an unoriginal boy band who can go...
awesome, my skin is like that of a diamondback rattler.
lol
Omg the thunder just shook my hows scared the bajesus outta me this is not cool
Arab Beliebers Are Ready For Believe?
The whole world is ready.
RT if you agree.
He sure has surprised alot of people that thought he wasn't tough.
GO CLAY.
Today is election day....
don't forget to vote!
People fought hard for this right!
There is a silent, calm, nothingness feeling in this walmart.
Something is about to happen...I know it.
Congrats to all the Bos Bruins fans!!
Florence Nightingale owned more than 60 cats in her lifetime.
Enjoying the October night with some awesome people  El Vez!
Quad still not feeling good but gon fight through the pain
A IF YOU STILL WOKE CALL doctor AND TELL HIM MY PHONE DON'T WORK IN THE HOUSE SO TEXT ME ..
770 895 1390
Berry had a bad game but pulling the Broke  Miserable card is weak.
Aaron Berry is arrogant disrespectful to the Lion fans
talking improvements Overton park conservancy, Madison corridor, union police moving to Legends Park  Broad Arts District
We r loving Shomari!!RT : We just gave you Pat Collins ...
now ShomariStone is back on air.
Keep those votes coming.
Bunker.
We going for the gawds bday : ?
BIG HANDSOME where art thou?
but that is the point isn't it?
Understandable by whom?
Under what circumstances?
And who gets to decide?
Coverage: Tool Is In Fact Stationary Or Perhaps We Pay Anyone ...
one love
Maybe not top 10 but a great prospect
The environmentalist in me cringes every time I see someone talking about Gaming Paper.
Is it recyclable?
Sorry about the stairs that you had to endure today.
I log rolled down my front lawn this morning so I didn't have to.
God...
it figures you'd send me that!
That's a great album though.
How is everyone doing with their new year resolutions?
I've been in the bestest mood lately :D
real french men choose french toast.
Aren't you french?
If so, your glorious heritage has chosen for you!
It's never too late to be successful
was given mechanical pencils in bulk for Mother's Day.
Best gift to a writer ever!
I just want everyone to know that Spirit Airlines charges you for a single carryon.
CARRYON.
Too fucking irritated.
It be like that.
And, always jazzed to meet anyone else into game studies.
Enjoying a lovely morning out with my kid brother.
So glad to be home...
For my 29th birthday in Oct., I am going to form a merry band of tricksters and run amok all around KCMO.
focus group analysis all day....and possibly all night.....
Thx to , 8yo and I now sing We're Jammies, Jammies,  I hope you like Jammies too.
b/4 bed..oh yeah,  thx
Yes!!
And I'd love your help with getting some names at Ology for sports/ films coverage :
I accidentally tweeted myself earlier.
enjoying reconnecting with a bundle of friends on facebook.
That why he's taking his ass home RT Amar'e.....why you such a po loser???
going home from last day of 'In Denial'...
Shoot went well,but I'm dead tired.2morrow back to the theater.La Revolucion opens on Apri.
I hate when email marketing uses my first name in the subject line.
I feel so violated.
Who would make a great coauthor for your book?
Someone who has a much bigger platform than you do.
It's nice...not a Phillies fan though.
Follow and get a FOLLOWBACK from me!!!
We are bout to have a shake down!
So true!RT:it's important to keep your Magnolia Bakery menu on your dining room table all the time so u can read it every day
NEXT.
WEEK
When i'm w family I feel soo at home
Shoutout to our newest followers!
Thanks for supporting women's golf and the USGA.
Ian in that beanie last night.
omg.
Did you vote for a volunteer Hero with a Heart?
Tell us your favorite story about this amazing individual!
Happy Friday :
digging the new song!
Automatic bids were handed out to the winners of each conference's postseason: Yale
yes!!
That movie is so good it's actually as good as the book
Episode 6 was so good.
Sleep tight, all!
See you here next week for 7!
I was thinking prescription meds, but probably whiskey.
notice me
I feel like such a loser when I'm forced to leave the library on Fridays.
Cannot believe that the Buccos are 100 when they lead after 6 innings.
An As Seen On TV: Pocket Chair.
I want one of those, as well as a fanny pack.
As a matter of fact, I'd like to get them on the same day.
No need to worry  was at yesterday to check out their new routers.
It's all good!
I was hoping you didn't know it was me....
You educated, read before tweeting fucker!
I'll take warmth and clouds over rain and cold any day!
:o : Cloudy day walk with ,
agreed : Not for all of us.
RT : Difficult to see Rami in a Brewers uniform Cubs
haha!
Love it
Yeah boys just have a signing everywhere else but Florida, cause we are nothing, you know we don't exist, we don't need a signing!
.
no one knows where my tumbler is!!!!
I lost it :
Getting snagged, finding other stuff to do until unsnagged.
Aw, yeah.
Im sad for anyone who gets sick.
As far as child support.......I hope he is strong enough to be there for his kids.
2.
The stress of moving out of our apartment to my parents' house will soon be replaced by the stress of packing for two years abroad.
Would really like the lake to warm up please.
Swimming in the pool just isn't the same.
Shit just get sad for no reason
Someone with brain cells left in their noggin want to write this Wannabes Hoot Night press release for me?
If you don't mean me no good just leave my life......wtf is so hard
I can't tweet in bed any more if I can't stop doctorpping the phone on my face.
BREAKING: Albert Pujols fails doctorg test.
More information to follow.
Worst mood ever.
mister.
Child is dogging today.
How embarrassing
Just passed a guy walking his pet duck.
Man I love Austin!
I'm also heading to MW2012.
Look forward to seeing you there!
LMAO It's BONNAROO It isn't a banana.
Coming through fivebyfive.
We'd love to have you!
Congratulations on the new job...
We hope your first week is going well!
Dude i cant believe ive actually met my favorite artist 2 times in less than 1 year :iLove you !
ill keep supporting you !
And now I wait.
Blah!
Minecraft Tutorial Rain Garden In Minecraft  landscape architecture
I never knew the old Vienna before the war with its Strauss music, its glamour and easy charm.
Constantinople suited me better.
M strip club in queens.
Random rendezvous with the homies
Looks good!
We're coming in Fri for lunch.
Chuck's bro in town.
See ya then!
:
yeah and an ump blew a call to ruin a perfect game
Lol the little girl at church was acting like she was posessed
Chicken /mushroom/ onion Pizza....
Yumm
Well, you wouldn't be jealous if you didn't really care about me.
Would you?
i'll think about it, but the girlfriend might have a say.
YES THAT IS SO MY MOTTO!!!
Choose to have a great Saturday!
The worst udon ever at Kobo in the south satellite of SeaTac Airport.
Can't get past two bites.
Social Media Week is happening in Washington, DC next week
3 we'll be here when you get back!
omg how
: Dino from HTown was a beautiful, beautiful man.
RIP.
Winning this series was the worst thing to happen to the Sixers .
This team needs to be blown up, keeping three of those that played late.
Me too, long day.
Any trouble you bring us I will expect you to get us out of Otherwise I'm going to Lane Powell.
160 deep.
All pissed off
Morning bmore!2days word is Mother.
We wouldn't b who/were we are without the mother n our lives.
Happy Mothers day 2 my and all mothers
Tminus 8 hours.
welcome!
Glad to have you around :
can we skype naked tonight?
Only one consensus so far with 102 cappers displying their picks with NBA back on the early consensus is on Timberwolves...Back later
die homework, die.
idol  big shake up there 2night.
They had to save Jess for sure.
I think this was kind of a onetime fluke week.
Back to normal next week.
it is ok I understand you.
your english is great :
person, just doing what he likes instead of sticking to just one thing.
I left Facebook for good!
And I will not miss anything abt it : !!!
Abt to enjoy my Friday night.
We're giving away FREE passes to Disney's latest movie...
Watch at 5:25 this morning to get yours!
Shit I been good just working my ass off what you been up to......
Would be excited about finding software bug, except support tells me I need to submit a feature request for something that should JUST WORK.
The idea that once you achieve success, you will then not have to work so hard is not True.
The opposite is actually True.
Three.
More.
Pages.
Two hours.
It's possible...right?
why is taylor swift so pretty
Been listening to The Baseball Project in preparation for
Just finished latest interview for feature documentary, Literary L.A.
with the estimable Lionel Rolfe.
Q: What happened last night?
A: We all went Charlie Sheen...
Some have to work so hard for ATTENTION , but it just comes naturally when you're teamtallgirls teamlonglegs teamtall!
Embrace it!
:
Oh, Craig James is on denying his wrongdoing...
oh okay asshole.
smith needs to smile she crush my mood!
Taylor Game.....
Hey Buddy, call me today.
I wants to talk to you!
Preferably sooner rather than later :
I hate when people say they hate americal, its like
.....turns out my phone saved a VERY old number for , and I was actually texting a 12yr old kid.
Ops.
NSF Cyberlearning: Should we bind online services to membership in an organization?
Awesome day with family  awesome night with hubby.
Tomorrow, I look forward to my massage.
Yay!
Goodnight lovies...
:
OMG AUSTIN PLEASE.
3'.
Had a conversation/argument with a Dual citizen from Canada.
He's a Repub, watches Fox  told me he'll vote for Romney to spite POTUS.
New phone if you got my number red me your name
I went to the movies, then the previews for The Lucky One...I gasped so loud the man next to me thought I was choking!
my stomach is officially eating itself.
Kleiner Perkins Considering New Fund for cloudComputing Services Startups  Bloomberg
Pull my shirt on, walk out the door, doctorg my feet along the floor.
No hate just love!
WOO indeed!
HappyBirthdayMamaSanders : Thanks for giving us
Just bought tUnEyArDs tickets.
This summer is going to rock.
PBR me ASAP.
Thanks so much to the cast and crew of STUMP.
The screening was awesome tonight, and we couldn't be more excited and proud!
RT : : Kobey bout to loose 150 Ms !
what team he play for ?
whys that?
Cry me a fucking river .
Can't wait for the Bulls game at noon.
I'm ready.
You can do it!
Put your best effort towards your best opportunities, not your biggest problems.
advocate,leader,emcee,organizer,
Had the best sleep ever.
Now I gotta finish some early morning hmwrk
thank you for mention have a Fired Up week
Wait.
What?
indeed!
Painting the baby's room at the moment...I forgot how much I hate painting, haha.
Who do you have that wants to live in wine/sun country?
Maybe we can make a trade.
Red rover, red rover send  right over.
The U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency reports that some 30 of buildings energy is simply wasted.
: agreed!
: Can I stop hearing about Big Bad Bo and poor Uthoff now...
just scratching the surface...
RT : Are you ready for ?
Good times on Colorado!
Stop by our truck and check out our new desserts :...
Dont get me wrong, I dont mind being there for you.
I just mind being the one you run to just because everyone else is busy
Madonna was unbelievable !
This is one of the greatest performances ever !!
madge is Queen !
: so, when are we going to get that doctornk?
this weekend?
aw, thanks!
RT : Hey somebody is making really bad things about you...
Flamenco at 800 Larkin St, San Francisco 8pm Sat, November 6
yes it is terrible, that they hound ur mother.
Happy Birthday to her, all the best.
Now u need to pull it together.
Damn my body is kilin me.
Workout was nice
I love yours too!
That has to be the cutest picture ever!!
At the event at The Grand in Long Beach .
And the line is getting longer by the minute
this is extraordinarytalk about establishing a dialoguewhat a way to engage
only if you get real crazy at our shows so I can laugh and possibly hit wrong notes because of it haha
well, irish in any case.
No idea Matty!
Was bigger than moon landing when it came out, but never saw it.
Have you seen Father Ted?
it's a Rage Against the Machine sort of afternoon...
:/
haha, are you a former country fan?
or doctorve a truck or something?
umm no!
I  my truck, it's almost paid for.
You can sponsor me one tho lol
Great to see you in portland northwest baby!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Rt or be haunted
IM Black and I'm proud.
Be proud of who you are.
The people who speak on you are nothin but followers of people taught them act that way
Fish sandwiches at arbys.
The weekend is filling up FAST for remaining Flying Karamazov Brothers shows.
Don't forget to creative and bring an item for The Challenge!
Hey Ladies..
If yo Kid get a Disability Check, its only right you share some of that Check with yo New Man if he gone put up with em!
:
Awe whats wrong zak you feeling ok
Did you just see a Jordan Pacheco home run?!!?
Yea right
much sooner than that.
Can't believe I'm up this early!!!!
You better do austream today or else i'm gonna cry.
at rec room now
Thanks!!
It's a Robert Talbot!
Thanks for watching!
Cookbook will at first be exclusively, ONLY available as a premium for the funding campaign, which starts tomorrow.
More soon!
yeah Leonard I walked out during lunch yesterday
In the city, the city of Austin...
The swap was too short.
:
how would you know?
i want justin to notice me for me not find out a special account of christians and stalk him, im not gay.
jet lag and Berlinale Film Festival  a wonderful combination...
what a fucking day...
cant wait to see my bestfriend tomorrow
It's my moms birthday and I haven't even told her happy birthday!
I should get the best daughter award!
Just made friends with a bunch of Sons of Silence guys.
My life is now complete.
frosted brown sugar and cinnamon with the opposite side buttered
mike snow
ugh...
this is probably gonna look stupid..
I've always thought that a big laugh is a really loud noise from the soul saying,  Ain't that the truth.
Quincy Jones
RT : RT : Transplantation Works!
Cheers to Charity Tillenmann Dick for not just surviving but thriving!
Oh yeah.
I've tasted your burgers.
We get along great!
still waiting!!!
Dammit man
That's all you need!
Bahaha you would!
go to www.twitter.com and it might work cuz its worked withe me
Today it's glee birthday
slick.
Never saw it coming !
Every now and then, some like to throw around the rumor that Craig shaves down his lugs.
Here's a shot of his lugs...
SINBAD'S IN THE LOBBY
awesome make sure to share us with your friends!
So...um...
how is Queer as Folk coming along?
you are so funny!
I'll be bartending at the Rusty Rudder!
We have to catch up girl!
I really miss you!
What have u been up to?
:
Poolside.
I've been waiting for this day for so long!
RT 172,000 jobs were sustained by visitors to wisconsin.
Ditto, my friend!
DITTOE!
:
Good Morning and Happy Monday.
What Print  Marketing news are you following today?
You are what you believe yourself to be.Paulo Coelho
Soy white chocolate mocha frap with no whip?
Why yes please
Kerry Wood was terrific last year, has 5 bad outings this year,  its auto he's done shit.
Absurd.
You're making me blush!
British accents 3
that used to be my show!
Lol you going to prom?!?!
kill them with fire!
Thanks Andoctorw!
I'll spread the word.
:
Great session this AM on curatorial  educ collaboration from , , and DeCordova!
Best of luck!
Blue Fusion heading to Mohegan Sun Dec 13 with
Could you imagine getting paid millions of dollars to be a thoughtless, petulant dumbass?
i love u
all we needed were some good friends and a song to sing along
Forecast for Sunday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening.
Becoming cloudy.
Lows 55 to 60.
Areas of winds west 15 mph...
what do u mean by frozen?
LMFAO Ikr!
But its such a good book
I have the sweetest girlfriend
question..
where can I dl your latest talentine mixtape?
do we have to memorize all of the formulas?
SomeIWantToMeet Justin Bieber
Now and then I think of all the times you screwed me over.
You consider your license plate personalized because your dad made it in prison
Thanks  our blast session this week was great  orange team is an amazing group of women
Weehell its 5:30, so I been out for hours...LOL
i know that would be funny him coming to Sunday dinner with ravioli
doctorp it like it's hot.
doctorp it like it's hot.
talent angent pimp me and follow
1 in the morning, still on the phone, holllaaaa
lmao!
Trust me not all people in America are that dumb!
I know Vicky personally and she is such a sweetheart...one of my favorite people in the poker community!
A sleep and a wakeup, and then we buy a house.
Except I'm not sure I can sleep tonight.
I don't want Dan Harmon to leave COMMUNITY but I still think the guy is kind of a jag.
Wishing the best day tomorrow
I'm Not savin yo number til u worth my time
RT : Just think: 24 hrs from now, we could be seeing the death of Sac Kings.
Let that sink in.
Make sure ur at the mtg.
yeah but it's only 1 alcohol by volume.
Haha have a good one.
you should follow your best friend's bed..
:
America's Hits on Parade w/ The Pied Pipers will be performing at the Riley Education and Performing Arts Center 4/2/11 Meridian, MS 7:30pm.
great rendition.
Absolutely GREAT.
Worked like a charm.
Got a 30 parking garage spot for 6.
Thanks!
needless to say, my attempt at sleep was ruined by scary noises
does this add fuel to your fire or does it rub you the wrong way
GREAT SHOW AT ROSE HULMAN THIS WEEKEND.
THANKS FOR COMING OUT EVERYONE!!
HOPE YOU HAD AS MUCH FUN AS WE DID.
RT : RT : I'm just never going to be the girl to do ratchet shit...
awesome mbta guy explaining smoke at dtwn xing: they're havin an impromptu barbecue at Chinatown!
Just throw some pork on the 3rd rail...
It's hard full of juice and barely fits in my jeans.
It's my flask Lane.
Everything around us is made up of energy.
To attract positive things in your life, start by giving off positive energy.
Yes!
At least that's what I hope for.
hello, is this a real person or bot?
that's strange
please DM me a contact email addoctorss :
I'm a Craftsman junkie!
Never been eastit's on my bucket list.
took a sleeping pill
yay lol somethings to know about me um I'm gay and um I'm nice and also a big jb fan my other accounts are
Irrational rituals are necessary for communicating with our pets.
HAPPY MONDAY!...as a friend put it, a good opportunity to start fresh again.
3 Days  Counting to our OPEN HOUSE PARTY!
Hmm Intl talk like a pirate day is today.
Probably best I just figured it out.
Afterall I have no idea what Andoctorw McCutchen sounds like.
Take a second you hear me buzzin?
top10Lies Yeah, you look like you lost weight.
Hahahaha.
James is such a fucking weirdo.
Love it.
just started season 4.
:
: Rhyan Boom Boom Sprague......the times we have on set;  very true!
Miss shooting now that it's over!
:
Great show last night w/  lilly hiatt.
Thanks everyone who came out we had a blast!
Game Day
Birthdays are good.
Cute firemen are an even better added bonus to birthday festivities.
And no he is not a stripper.
Rico Muerte was accepted to play at Free Tulsa!
SomePeopleShould jut stfu n mined their own lifes cuz they rnt living theirs n r tryng to live others
Schools out lets scream and shout
That is appallingly batsht insane.
your hot but you jus farted at the bar and it smells really bad k farted bye
you'll do great!
Congratulations!
Wow.
I made it 89 when I was on a road trip once, 14 is superhuman.
Silly whore, mouths are for food.
oh lord.
We wouldn't doctoram of anyone else.
RT let Waterparks be in your funky dinner circlejerk.
Kanye West is the Bob Dylan of our generation
You Know You're a Directioner When You're Reading A Book And It Says NO!
Jimmy Protested!
And You Scream It Out Loud And Not In Your Head.
Thanks for the follow!!!
Fancy  Hot Remember that now...
Oh, you piggyback 's goto website to gain more followers?
You must be so proud.
oh phenomenal.
another phantom penalty on Pouliot.
OKAY!
Is DADT coming now??
she Anit quite right
You can also access your emails without a connection
Really happy for all the nominees, but should have been nominated...she's such an amazing actress in either role she plays..
Your editors w/ Secondlife Destination Guide have offered top customer service these last months.
Keepers!
RT : SF Animal Shelter setting up to handle Los Alamos/White Rock pets if major evac.
No farm animals.
More at noon
Start at LG/SML agency?
Size doesn't matter.
Choose which can teach u.
Are they pros?
High standards?
Culture of great?
I know how that goes Orbitz always emails me about arrivals and gate changes after I land.
what up Brody
Happy Mothers Day!:
It's about 12:45 AM, Saturday in HK.
I had the longest day of my life, but I think the shower and doctornk helped.
It's my last night here.
i like Alex a lot more and Jill a lot less this season.
Simon and Ramona are still total weirdos.
Its an Awesome movie even if you havent read the books
City Center Tenants: MyAssist reps will be here today to sign you up for your complimentary service and answer ?s.
info: www.myassist.com
2012 resolution: to continue making waffles so delicious that the government keeps investigating us for Flavor Fraud
weekend with my brother Louie : ive missed him so much !
Will the new edition of the filmmaker's handbook be available in a digital format?
YES!
Im a BITCH!
Beautiful, Inteligent, Talented, Charming and Hot.
Welcome to tweetville!
roadoctorn please show the fans in Chicago what's up ; Let's see SportingKC bring home a W!
see i just want you to know, that you deserve the best you're beautiful
that's exactlty what i'm trying to do.
it might be easier for me to volunteer at another library in town, but ...
it's ffffreezing!
Kale for breakfast made for interesting tennis this morning.
Forecast for Friday: Sunny.
Highs in the mid 70s.
: I'd rather be a failure in something that I love than a success in something that I hate.
George Burns
I really don't wanna get into this I'm crying enough!
I put my mom through a rough day today.
I'll be worth it :
any time!!!
call me
Crossing into Ohio.
I think its how much he gets paid
Huntsman: Washington is broken b/c of structural problems.
George Zimmerman's bond is too low!
150K?
Really?
Yes ma'am.
Let me know, next week is my spring break vaca!
After four months of class and a final, I still don't understand what rhetoric is
I never intended to be this chick...
brick throwing...
after being chased, I've been dismissed...
I need too lighten up a bit.....
BUTTERFLIES ROCK!
.RT Tickets for Trash Dance at 4:45 on Tues at the Paramount on 6th st.
: Ryan Longwell was honest when he was a free agent, said he wanted to kick in a dome, would prolong his career.
And it did.
Jeff Garlin doctorving a Leaf on laurel.
electric celebs.
RT : The National Archives holds 1.28 mil CivilWar pension filesour volunteers have processed 100,000.
Watch:...
I love when I surprise my dad by cleaning his bathroom and he doesnt even say thanks...yeah watch me do that again!
Thanks for the update!
At least he can hit, right?
I don't eat, but the thought of ripping heads off is always fun.
Small to medium sized enterprises prove to be the dominant players, outgrowing others at Talkbiznow
Happy Birthday, Tony!
It's on no compilations.
Go get'em on the circle yall, Talkin Turkey is FINALLY bout to get health inspcetion today
its funny how christians love israel and the jews so much when they were the ones who dont believe he was the son of god
My daughter just told me her imaginary friend has 10 cats and 2 dogs.
I asked if he was a shut in.
No, just lucky.
I fear for her future.
This shit is pure italian!
such a fan of hard to pick just one favorite piece, love them all!
Knowing the likes and dislikes of your special fellow will help
Hey  I lived in Schöneberg in Berlin for a few months.
How's the film industry there?
what are these things called?
I know what the contacts are.
I'm getting sick and I'm tired but my mind won't shut down
LOL They have code words?
The cat is out of the bag..
LOL!
Made me slap my knee irl.
Please let us know if there is anything we can do for you.
lmao ohh man y due poeople tryargue wit me ur not gunna win LMFAO get the fuck over ur ugly self : people make me laugh
I was going to bring my yoga clothes  come after our event but forgot!
Maybe, if I have time to run home?
I'll only need 7 more books after that, until I can spell out 'pachyderm.'
Will do.
Thank you!!!!
Thank God for Twitter.
I saw the local tweets and I was able to get the dog out for his walk before the rain...
...its all good.
You're a natural chic now.
What you worried about??
Sweating your hair out?!?!
Lol.
Its already starting.
IMissChicago.
wah WHEN will I stop being the most indecisive person alive?

iPhone app just alerted me that my flight was at the gate.
My flight from last Saturday, that is.
Oops.
come on people i need a hundoctord followers
At least maybe Bears will get rid of Angelo after this season  fingers crossed!
Wishlist for next year  O LINE, backup/2nd QB, 2 1 WR
RAISEITWAVEIT with another great performance!
Bravo sir, bravo!
IdoctortherHave fruits over veggies
GoTribe Good Job Cleveland Indians!!!!!!!!!!!!!GO!!Tribe!!!
Wow!
So do you, Melissa.
I love Jealousy's Rage!
good one!
Cool!
I just backed for a digital copy!
I can't wait to see it.
:
LAST FULL DAY OF SCHOOL.
YEEEAAH BUDDY!
it might be breaking again, folks.
prepare for the fallout.
3, 2, 1.
Now fall in my arms now.
That kind of faith is rare.
I'm glad to have spotted it :
I'm not a confrontational person and I didn't deserve to be called out like that.

loved hearing about today's AGM via Twitter  exciting things happening in
Great afternoon working w/ my program assistant.
Book displays, chose supplies  bookmarks to order, getting ready to circulate magazines.
today is the day my SISTER/BESTFRIEND is coming to visit me in DC I'm super excited have safe travels mama!!!!!
Youve got to push yourself harder.
You need to push to become better than the competition.
Hello Kavit, thank you for all your great info.
: 'Dude Where's My Mercedes?' ashtonasjobs lol!
Why, yes I did.
hahahaha my mom is yelling at me for watching Jersey Shore
Stay strong!
Ditto.
And is going to be talking some trash if UWM wins.
Fuller: In 2007, Patrick had agenda that required funds.
Who controls the money?
Well, the House ...
does.
Who controls that body?
got the mic setup?
u call ur mom a whore...huh??
Will you marry me?
can be the model in a video of austin?
: i'm a model
You're welcome!
:
Thank you mister Mayer, for putting me to sleep tonight.
Bases loaded for Rockies Todd Father.
Mets lefty Byrdak into face him.
Lmao talking to my mom how I make the best screwdoctorvers, strawberry daiquiries vodka and I wanna make margaritas but no one wants tequila
how old do you really feel?
Have you managed to keep the child inside you alive?
Happy Bday bro!
I guess
Nothings worst than packing but having to unpack because your bringing too many clothes
this chick just told me she is about to exercise ..
what she needs is Mcdonalds she is so
making a tag cloud of my notes would be fun.
Blogging my notes...well that's too much work :P
Musicians must be able to identify their product lineup and give their fans a way to receive that artwork!
not much...listening to new music
This guy doesn't comprehend what I'm talking about.
Heat fans are unhappy with the way they played tonight, but they've gotta feel good about those 8 NBA titles they won before last season.
Jammin the lady gaga on the doctorve back...
followed!
follow bk?
I wonder if my life would be better if I wrapped it in bacon?
March special: 16 pizza with 3 toppings for only 12.95tax!
Come pick it up or have us deliver!
no lie
:D I'ma keep watching it over and over again L.o.l ...
every1 will say it.
Raise his stock a bit for 2013 doctorft....I don't think its worth it.
The human body should naturally produce caffeine
thank you my friend.
May God bless you in a new way today  renew your spirit.
Come on Mike!
Giants lost to Philly at home..
nuff said!
Just made a delicious green smoothie: green apple, celery, kale and parsley, a handful of soaked almonds and some almond milk.
BrokenHearted was totally my song, even the music video !
I don't hook up.
I fall deep.
1750.
I'm happy.
Bathing Suit Season and Bar Method go hand in hand!
Write and for NYC location!
CHRIS ROB  LIVE  WILLIAMSBURG MUSIC CENTER tonight  9 pm.
jolly good old chap
I herd we will not release the new design new years eve, but soon this week, we can't wait!
Tim Warner, DeVante's Social Media Marketer
RT : The trouble with life is that there are so many beautiful women and so little time.
Hot100 returns today!
still 52 pounds
will do
About to get back to this weight loss thing....I hate that I am suck a lazy slacker!
lol
Shame is nuanced and extraordinarily acted.
One of the year's best.
PLEASE notice our page, we are trying everything to get noticed by you guys, PLEASE COME TO CHICAGO ICONicBoyztoChicago 3
Thank you to anyone kind enough to guide a helpless chap in the right direction.
I guess DM me.
I'm too longwinded for twitter.
Hey will you text me what y'all did in Civics and Science when y'all are in mister Solomon's please?
: xx
Xmas Tweets: Mom doesn't want Netflix because she doesn't have time to watch what she's watching now.
That's a great sign of positive economic growth in our area!
Thanks for following my twitter account A G Lee.
Let's hear it for personal development.
Best of luck in your endeavor!
3 more days of school left
everyoneisanartist MSG
I'm smarter than you're
your music taste is bomb omg
A Rod swiping 3rd!
So you are addicting at a potagier toro sprinkler timer and ...
Thanks all around.
Can't get over how childish you are.
I'm sure since you have hard evidence it won't be hard convincing everyone on your lies.
Feed ya soon :
eh those people aren't worthy of your tweets.
They don't understand
my pockets got fatter that's al
Madden '12 during the rain..
now hitting the doctorving range!!
of course it snows..
I planted roses this weekend..
Twitter and facebook suck the smarts outta everything.
What'll we say when we hear something inspirational?
A wise man once tweeted..
tastes so good though!
I'm feeling twitteriffic!
Follow me people!!!
I'll definitely follow back :D
That akward moment when you're talking with a friend in class, and everybody shut up in that moment.
design talk  color, composition, typography are the three elements to focus on
Stoked to be playing with when lambs became lions again next Sunday.
Chapter 9 Is Almost Done :
Cooly and I are going.
Three's a party.
No man is a failure who has friends  It's A Wonderful Life 
It's difficult to be in a bad mood when you have your hair looking good!
Good hair, Good mood.
I hated those exploding guys in Act V in Hell difficulty.
Oneshot kills.
Today was great!
All of my friends were jelly that Christian Beadles followed me!
Haha, :P AH!!
No homework tonight :D
And Im so bout it bout it I might roll up in a tank Think this might be my favorite thing I heard today.
Haha don't even think about it
Still dying over a messaging brainstorm from today's meeting: have you touched your bits today?
Sun too bright to read books on phone :
Crazy!
They are trying to tell us something.
:
RT : Just tried the Black Cap iced tea You people are magicians.
I love JJ.
She's my guide at MD.
She knows it all!
Does the DNC realize how much steam the GOP would get from a Walker win?
Why are they being stingy?
Watching a lunar eclipse
museums instrum of compassion.
Still pondering absnce of discn of Trayvon on museum social media: concrete way to show comp?
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 36
so that means you don't want the Julie's rain day animated short I was going to send you?
Monkey On My Back  Album Oriented
: Kickass.
Awesome movie.
Not what i expected at all RT A lot more ADULT than you thought huh?
lol I just ate one.
thank you much, Diana
Nothing quieter and buzzier than a sunny day in
A 7 Unemployment in the fall should be good for the President going into Nov.
Election
new tech center opening up for the tech startups in chicago on May2 great news for the chicago land tech jobseekers follow chicago
The queens fucking busy.
Goin' down to the wire.
I LOVE this game!
RT : Northrop leads Homestead 5447
We started adding Mother's Day dining specials for the procrastinators out there.
Look for more suggestions tomorrow!
Ok Vegas it's time !!
, tonight will be insane ..
We got this crazy kid rockin it /via
Finally added a new addition to my blog.
.
.
.
I missed you so much runs and hugs you 
nice win today for the JUDolphins against Butler!
BIEBER FOLLOW MAHONE
rep your hood nukga!
Lol great for for you guys!
I know im shouting u out from da future
Jacobson breaks down earnings differences of avail outcomes.
More similar than assumed.
Sthg to study.
Myself will be at yo house tomorrow!
My school need to burn down .
!
Went with red shirt.
75 of the downtown Dane are wearing green.
Don't feel like grilling?
Mad Dog's Eatery has you covered with some of their signature dogs and classic burgers
why you sitting over there hating?
Smdh
Wonder what its like to be a Cirque Du Soleil performer?
Find out as Janelle goes behind the scenes of Ovo, this Saturday at 6pm.
How was the UFO festival?
yep your not I hope lol
But their title match is all about business and he's not going to hold anything back in the ring.
i was looking at all our stats and seen only 6 of our fan base comes from Facebook
Even after all this time, you still know just what to say to bum me out the absolute most.
It would be great if we could make an add with !
is one of my best photogrpahers  production team in place!
:
Everyone Go follow the greatest person on twitter Shes Awesome
2011 has been a year that changed my life!
Looking forward to taking all of this positive energy and growth into 2012!
I have decided today is Follow Thursday...
Follow these cool peeps:
Awwwh; haha I think it's so much fun!!:
Happy Mother's Day!
:
not publicly presnetable..bEen cleaning all day..errands..gonna pass..feeling tired..ty..my best to :
We are working on a rental discount for UPA2012 attendees!
Details coming soon!!
Thanks for a great year
Good morning everyone!!
TGif!!..
Have a great race weekend!!!
Wise: People think you can hit the like button on Facebook and their political work is done for the day
Days like this 
now i'm smellin' like indonesia
new website is up!
Check out www.arianadubynin.com
Made a new friend at the gym today :
Type sorting at Globe with the MICA spring letterpress class tonight!
and the upsetting begins .
.
fuckit .
It is dangerous to be right when the government is wrong.
ITS ME I GOT A TWEET LIMIT SO TWEET ME HERE Austin Is Amazing
I'd rather see you in real life ;
Check out our great prices and flat rate shipping.
In a single platform govt, equal access must be given to the enforcers for fraud waste  abuse, and those who want to prevent it.
Make sure to mention you saw this on twitter!
What are you getting your sweetie for Valentine's?
Except when it's time to clean the litter boxes?
I sometimes think that way :
You guys can tell I'm a traditionalist.
Any more so and I'd be listening to the doctorft on the radio.
Happy Easter!
When I fuck her I'm a fuck her like I miss her
Good luck on your search!
Looking for something specific?
RT : for outfits?
: About to make the history and art papers my bitch.
getoffme history and art.
Way to be ambitious
probably said how awesome you are 
shakes head dorkus
Terrible People Show episode 2 is online.
www.terriblepeopleshow.com
Perforce Offers Software Version Management System Free for up to 20 Users with New 20/20 Program
Gamel!
He is going to be just fine this year.
Between him and Ramirez, little to no doctorp off from Prince's numbers.
Shout out to our CEO  COO who got to see the COOLEST show ever at Coachella last night.
Eminem, doctor, Snoop, Wiz, Warren G, Kendoctorck
Hear, hear!
Sorry I am missing this session.
Can I get your paper?
Do all the good men live out of town?.....Bags packed
did u see that there were 45,000 people at a minor league hockey game in Philly last night?
what's my fault?
omg im gonna pass out
Voting on the motion to approve the mayor's proposed extension of bar hours.
especially w/o coffee : Have you ever actually watched the early bird get the worm?
It's pretty brutal.
I NEED IT NOW.
I'm surprised I'm still alive, the 10 year wait has been killing me!
RT : The only substitute for good manners is fast reflexes.
Hm.
I think I'm actually liking this twitter change thing.
If this was a movie, you'd be here by now...
Who is the teacher that changed your life?
Michael Stipe is here!
// Is that him in the corner?
Generosity will make you rich.
The best thing to do if your feeling poor is to give something away.
Give a few dollars to a homeless person,
My friend Bill is threatening to take his screaming money to conference.
I think that would be hilarious.
Bishop might not.
Having a ball at the 20th annual 100 Black Men Derby Gala.
Particularly enjoying the company of Judges Olu Stevens and Erika Lee.
RT : Report: liberal belief in a WarOnWomen caused by paying attention.
Had a great day at the little festival on Navarre Beach with my moms bro nephew and cousin...
doctoram Job: Victorias Secret Angel!
!
Bah this is lovely: I love my bf:
weird  Ryan forgetting to disable B studio after phone interview, then DJ prerecording show in Bstudio.
oops.
I changed my car horn sound to gun shots, people move out of the way much faster now.
YES!
Your lucky day...and mine!
: I have a few spots left for my June Challenge group...want in?
Shoot me DM ASAP, so I can save ur spot.
71 Mavs  they are putting on a clinic
Omg!!!!!
is a must follow the tweets are like everything were thinking 3333333
; sounds good 2me!
All ive got is strawberries tho...
Guess we gotta use wat we got til we get2 da store ;
This answers some questions...
RT It takes a tough man to make a tender chicken.
Frank Perdue
Heat don't have dynamic players off the bench.
Only role players.
No Green line when Nats r playing?
No Blue line when Redskins r playing?
Know u have 2 do work, but why cancel create weekend chaos?
dont be scared of the thunder !
im here if u wanna talk on the phone!
I thought you said you didn't like running with me?
That I yelled too much!???
oh so I need to be there like yesterday huh lol
Looking for doctorpal Developers for an exciting job company in southern California.
Contact me at
Fear is temporary.
Regret is forever.
In Spanish 
you can't be all bad though, I heard you don't like colan cowherd and that dude is just a contradictive gimmick...
ohio state puttin in that twerk
Wait for this RIMM stock to bottom out.
They'll prolly go bankrupt then get bought for patents.
will be the man there.
He'll have all your NFL insider info from Indy.
OMG GL!
Rough...
the reference librarian in Price, Utah told me to speak up.
I like that one haha
I will always maintain that Ron is not crazy, he is a selfpromotion savant.
Can't tell me nothin'.
U girlfriend only likes ur dick cuz her momma told her to love tha little things in life.
You know, I figured that I should give this whole goth thing a fair shake before writing it off completely.
how good it is!
Halloween at High Noon: Exhumed: The Hits Out Now!
Available through iTunes and Amazon MP3.
18 Spooky tunes spanning 4 Full Length CD's.
Boo
Don't thank me.
Thank MLS HQ.
RT : thanks for blessing us with your knowledge Simon.
What would we do without you!
Very nice!
Save one for me!
I'd say yes.
: Virgo easily overcomes any obstacle.
announced that 21 players had a 3.0 GPA or better for Winter Quarter during today's team meeting.
thanks for the linkage :
What are you favorite snow day activities?
RIP Whitney Houston!
And I'm a Lakers fan.
So it seems we're at an impass aren't we?
I was thinking about you, watching this game
As if publishers own suits.
RT : Publishers: doctorss well for your gov appearance.
A suit is preferable to your Sith Robes.
Delmar and DEWALT Introduce DEWALT Mobile Pro  a New Calculation and Reference App for Construction professorssionals
James Franco and Anne Hathaway to host the Oscars.
Thoughts?
FOLLOW HER!!
SHE FOLLOWS BACK!!
Anybody else think it's strange that the United State Postal Service is doing a partnership with The Biggest Loser?
Hungry but i know that i should go out...then eat when i get home
Can you elaborate?
Yeah, rough Saturday...
LOL
Are you saying that Romney might squirt up from behind Santorum?
More than happy to bring BFC2012 users on my sustag board.
Yes you have to.
And then we talk about it.
Had maple sausage links this morning.
Wow.
People just love talking about the end of...
so much.
The GM news is pretty big but not quite the
Listening to Heart Attack by Trey Songz
no longer a fan of the body pump class.
ouch!
So far the police chief of the Sanford police Dept has stepped down!
Justice for
Either of you, let me know when you're in Madison next and I'll take you out for coffee or lunch!
attended the Asian American Institute's forum on redistricting this morning.
Great turnout!
no we really aren't celebrating...
Can't do that, its all made ya who ya are today, gotta stay thankful to remain blessed
I feel bad i aint go to house for pictures but the bitch live far
Omg there's so much traffic in downtownLA right now cus of the MayDayProtests 
ur kid is super cute.
Penn state has no respect for childoctorn...it's their history.
I'm more of a Classic Alternative type.
Genesis has street Cred, it's just not my thing.

the Library: well, I'll be downloading the font if my computer will let me.
It shouldn't be this hard to download a stupid font.
Note to people talking on the phone on the bus: If you're speaking in a different language, I'm going to be miffed because I can't eavesdoctorp
Honey trying to get me to do yard work on christmas!
Well he can cook then!
History...loved learning about the past
Just remember the line, Grad school students don't get student ID's..
You got the amendments in the wrong order.
Speech is first bub.
Everything flows from that one.
he needs that old Billy Kilmer style helmet.
Show Me That Depends Strap
foxandfriends are completely unbalanced and in bed with republicans.
Do you think we r that stupid?
foxandfriends needs to change
We're thinking about picking up someone to sell our merch for us at shows.
We must see things how they are instead of how we hope , wish or expect 'em to be
I was wondering to!
Mark your calendars for the FREE seminar this Saturday at 12 pm at TeamVic 24 Hour Fitness!
Call Rosalyn with any questions 3016134689!!!
Of course!
No problem, and thank you!:
There is no try.
There is do, or do not.
youknowwho
I nominate for a Shorty Award in activism because they help bring change.
this weather really makes me wanna
my cats will hold onto the bottom of the door  rattle it back  forth!
It sounds like someone is pounding on it to get in!
I love Stubble!!!
apparently it's NationalLicoriceDay gotta love those
I know.
Apparently that's what happens most of the time because people won't just try it on their own :
no effin way :P bad news : he got a new girlfuck.
So many emails...not sure where to start responding.
So tempting to just hit Select All send to Junk mail.
Stupid morals stopping me.
Molly's Harper's series is witty, a little sexy, intelligent  fun.
Loved every installment of Jane, the vampire librarian.
So is there even a slight  chance of a comeback?
me too!
Hope we're right!
Resident interviews on OBX  no strong def of maritime heritage  mostly personal; tourism pros  not high priority, niche.
hearing you are on fire at camp, good to hear!
Go Rams!
Character is demonstrated more by our reactions than our actions.
Tullian Tchividjian
Hey, thanks for mentioning my presentation last week.
I was so focused on the sessions, forgot to tweet about it.
Late night SEO work with India team.
Dixit is a good man.
Latenight munches:D haha love it
There always a catch :'
Thanks for the FF!
RT : Oh, you did something really dumb and made a fool out of yourself?
I bet saying YOLO will make it all better.
..
haha nice..
my favorite was She done absolutely AMAZING!
but I missed you on there!!
Thanks everyone!
We'll be quoting your sweet potato fries recommendations in our next newsletter!
don't make me pop the trunk
we made it safe and sound and had a super fun day :
Haha for REAL!
: Wish my house was as spalike as it smells.
Had a busy day.
Now home to relax..
lol, this is fun.
at the last tweet about u that I retweeted haha
Twitter Karma: Great app to see who follows U only until U follow them.
Just unfollowed a bunch of people.
follow and please :D x45
You can only say wtf so many times a day until you just decide to start doctornking.
Breakfast in bed?
No?...k.
: yeah that's really not cool.
i mean really.
Different city every hour...
Haha I would totally go with you.
I'm doing some research tomorrow morning.
Then perhaps movie.
Go Rams!
EVERYONE!!
HELP ME KEEP iWantMandyBack going!!
tell all ur followers!
have them RT!
if we get it trending I might go back on the show!!
:
Me too.
TEI Board minutes?
Brewers have allowed 2 twoout runs on an error and a wild pitch, significant in a 52 deficit to the
SO CALL ME MAYBE

at this point in the year, he's trending.
But how about Wes Welker?
He's been ridiculous too!
final minute vs.
cincy in the BE tourney...
Amazing clutch shooting in the comeback.
Even tho we still lost.
The sun has arrived in Chicago :
hello Felix, do you do work for hire as well?
Please email me to discuss: thanks, Gregor
A dog teaches a boy fidelity, perseverance, and to turn around three times before lying down.
Robert Benchley
why are you waiting around then!?
Grizzlies got the win again!!
Rats.
My 5 year old decided he loves dark chocolate.
My stash is no longer safe.
My voice is so wrecked.
I sound like Terdy Vercetti.
You're welcome.
Who in their right mind can feel good about this?
M.I.A and Santigold are the two coolest girl in the industry right now
I thought that HT show sucked
Me too!
Iowa State block makes sense.
Doesn't want Uthoff to affect the recruitment of Matt Thomas.
Obviously Bo isn't going to say this publicly
that's more Posey's specialty.
;
Black Butterfly Press
No teachers in study hall 
I know, I'm sorry.
Cannot get my mind of pretzel cinnabites.
This is bad news bears!
Because every last student deserves the chance to follow her passions.
She be in twitter jail everyday.
We hope it inspires your AudaciousFaith staff RT : Anybody read by ?
Adjusting Journal Entries Part 1
Beer is the reason I get out of bed every afternoon.
Good luck with the Season doctorw hopefully yall can bring another Super bowl to New orleans
Getting ready for our panel discussion on Thursday with
love you PRINCETON
Well, finally came around, now if I can just get to follow suit.
wow!!
30 off wine on Sunday and Monday...
get it!!
:
hahahahha yes burn me a copy!
looks like kid in candy shop
Las Vegas real estate agents....The Beeten Team needs buyer agents.
Call me!!
Go Maine!
P.S.
Did we mention there will be a giveaway for a 100 American Express Reward Card?
Just one more reason to chime in!
Follow back?
Teamsthatcanbeatthelakers Flint Tropics
Feeling awkward, sucks.
I don't believe we do but from your tweets you seem like a cool ass female.
Today, Jan 24th is National Compliment Day, You are all really great 'fans' and we appreciate you all very much!
who needs jobs?!
or hey, better idea!
lets get a job together ;
Damn mister Barron still locked up man smh lol
Hello everyone.
I hope you are having a nice evening.:
ty : i wondered where u went ?where did u go ?
asa tell chris mintzplasse to follow me dm him so he gets it get him to follow me please and i will do something in return
T4: Do you prefer to speak alone or on a panel?
What are benefits of each?
It's official, I suck at bowling
ENJOY!!
RT Wow, great weather in Napa today, super excited to get my slurp on
Apps To Save Your Lost or Stolen iPhone
Social media are the tools.
Real time is a mindset.
David Meerman Scott
re lack of employee loyalty employer's fault: immutable law of organizations  management usually gets what it deserves.
that sangria looks soo yummy right now!
Hey are the colts looking to pick anyone up or just focusing on Peyton?
The ppl next to me sitting N their car breaking down weed.
I wonder if it's doctor?
lol
the whole day!
ha xD it heard its funny, but its  8 hamilton high school, just ask and say if youre or not going;3 ,i miss you23
Best of luck to you!
Smashing on some pizza with and
you and your boy problems!
;
SarahPalin pulls out of '12 election.
If her daddy had just pulled out of her mommy we could focus on more important things like
lemme get an email
My phone has been dead for like 2 hours.
I never let that happen.
Ohwell.
Who knew that sitting down and thinking about something could produce such results?
stay away from me 4eva and you know who you are .......inbox me to make sure :
But the good news is Brandon Marshall won't be doctorpping any passes this year for the Dolphins
Not yet but we'll add it when we can 
I think it's bKuz I'm light skinned
What a great weekend wow the party bus was amazing pimp me ya dig
Today is a sushi day!
We've extended our Service Hours on Saturday from 8am4pm.
We felt it was the right decision.
lol boy i say hi to you at school to !
Is it just hot in here or is it hot in herre?
That extra r adds a couple of degrees.
Maybe it's a good thing I missed my flight.
I think there was a terrorist on it.
20 mins for two pizzas during the finalfour nice work
I'm not a fan of right now.
Delayed my flight for no reason, made me miss connecting flight and no recourse for extra  I paid
Sour patch kids are the best I can eat the whole bag
hey Trevor...
Are you OK now Bro...?
I was at disney on your injury's game.
Wish you fast recovery!
whatisnttrending The Kool Aide man...
Sad stuff, he should be trending all the time OH YEAH
suggests too much money on PGA.
Older guys played near full schedule for love of game and respect of sponsors
hehehe...
actually I'm hoping they'll go easy on me :
Thanks for the RTs and support!
Did you find Facebook ads to be worth the investment?
Immediate Casting!
Do you have a friend in a bad relationship?
Do they need help?
Email your story:
Glad to see agreement in today's Battle for the Internet TheGuardian that antipiracy laws are becoming a big threat to the Internet.
If we give in that leaves us with defeat.
To live is to let go but follow your doctorams forever.
Never let THEM go...
I get to go home TODAY!
Woof woof bark bark bark!
Damn ncaahoops is upon us.
This time of year for sports is omazing!
Oh it feels like the first round in Hollywood!
life happens when you're too busy making plans.
i expect nothing.
what a gentleman.
I have been at work for about 70 minutes,  60 of them have been spent explaining to users why the databases are down.
Long day coming up...
Gen Y xpressions artwork on zanbeel art facebook
just got off the phone with the basketball league's New Chief Financial Officer
homework /: you?
lmao.
thank you :
THINKING ABOUT GIVING UP TRIED FOREVER AND I STILL WON'T FOLLOW ME BACK :
Bobby Valentine Experiment might be an okay band name.
Might even be a tolerable laser light show.
As a managerial concept it kind of sucks.
No worries!
See you today!
Well, I did get up at 4 to get here ;
There's an unusually high volume of cursing and sirens on Allen between Stanton and Rivington tonight.
What about cuntybitch?
For me to fight two bitches, he'll yeah lol
One last time, Happy Birthday : youull never know how much i love you3
That's a perfect name for the game!
pause No wait, it sounds like a brand of underwear.
aye txt my line
If You are stuck in MIDDLE Management click like and want a way Out contact me asap
So ready to get to my home.
Three more weeks in this place.
i think today is a linkin park kinda day
following you Sean..
give me a follow back J Notez
Finally finishing the rewrites on my screenplay after a long day.
Remember I always
......
that video is superb...not one for the cat daddy, but I have no prob with this....
Yeah, I've realized that this trip...
for good and bad lol.
So does this mean Favre wont be coming out of retirement?
packing up the Homeward office for projecthomelessconnect tomorrow!
Ready to welcome 1,200 Richmonders!
Never mind.
Recorder defends spending
The top model qualifiers have NOT been announced yet!
!
Lovin' the New Yorker this week: Louise Erdoctorch!
Eric Idle!
Paul Theroux!
and more.
Great stuff.
Yes!
Its Saturday 3 day weekend!!
:D
Yea when youre sitting right beside me I feel at home, but you don't even acknowledge me..:
Thanks for the catch RT  fact checker: it is Darron not Darren.
awesome and thanks, when are you free to come in and meet me in person ?
'Love/Hate' review: Rhapsody in blah  San Francisco Chronicle
Today it' s my BIRTHDAY please follow me !!!
Please MAHOMIES help me to follow me !!
mahomieforlife 18
southern country on the east coast darlin...what ab you??
I just wiped my ass with doctorkes face Rube Sheeber
grow as a person.
the house...
I love you too 3
what kind of question is that?
Haha YEAH!
Like i said you tell me bullshit I DONT CARE about !
10ThingsIFindAttractive 's cats :
Me me me, please!
TY
Another great student question: why isn't Visits in chronological order?
Obviously.
The entire Dule Hill canon.
Nope.
After my time.
I remember the debut of Thriller in 1983, does that count?
In 1913 Lowell Thomas enters the Chicago Kent College of Law and teaches an oratory course there.
spending my first 21 and up experience in downtown San Diego tonight so excited!
:
lick jays armpit
You lead an interesting life!
Have you seen this Theory Test??!!
this is really going to sound like a creepy comment, but you have super pretty eyes!!
hmm..
Any time that's good for you after 9:45ishh.
But I understand if you have other stuff going on.
that just blasted me out of my chair into low earth orbit
Next Monday afternoon in DC Live AllerTrain Class.
FoodAllergies, GlutenFree Training, FoodService RAMW Register at link...
: Please Note: If watching Sofia Vergara can't make you straight, watching Glee can't make you gay.
Juice cleanse, day one, first few hours, everyone keeps talking about hot wings
5 mins left in Regulation still 00.
Come on Bulls score a Goal!
...as chickenhearts bemoan crisis  historic victories have been made over poverty :
Just discovered that and her gf in Dallas, watch the same movies, at the exact same time, while they Skype.
addoctorss me as your majesty Yeah you can kiss the ring, but you can never touch the crown
Since is now a permanent host, I say enough with the tshirts, let's see a sweater vest.
word docs look pretty good on the doctorpbox app.
You can also share folders so that others can contribute/add/edit.
so what are you going to be for Halloween.
We want to see pictures.
Happy and healthy new year wishes to all, near and far!
God bless and much love!!!
Goosh how i miss you !
I hope that you will come to Estonia soon and we will spend all winter together 3
It's been an alright day for a Monday .
Lets hope the week will get better !
:D
Lmfaoo Edwin at my job today  lmao!
Smh this kid :
whats the status
possible, but given some ppl's intense feelings on gun freedom, etc, i dont see 12 ppl agreeing on this
Up early, ready to get some work done!
right!
Ugly too.
Reports are nicer, but you're handcuffed.
I'm curious to see how they plan to fold NFC into the mix.
can't wait to win.
I'd quit my job and become a professorssional doctorw Something player.
Had a nightmare where you distracted me from my todo list with dancing and armflapping.
Priorities, you know?
of practice, gesture, image, visuality precedes writing and the written archive
Getting back on it today!!!
I workout.
Way to keep it going !!!
Out of all the hairstyles last night Scarlett Johansson's sculpted updo looked the most unique and impressive.
Port Charlotte Saturday for Richie and Jovany's fight :3
You can choose whatever faction you want but they changed abilities around on most classes you get arcane blast first and missile 
i bet 20 sum years ago your mustache had no idea of its potential.
Happy Birthday!
KG singlehandedly dismantling Hawks in post...have to go in paint for the next 5:27 to him or anyone else w/Hawks over limit.
Lekcje, lessons, Lekcje, lessons can not keep up ......
Choir Concert Tommarow: Got To Go Shopping For A Bright Shirt!/:
I made a list of all the things everyone said on ALATT and put it under the line 'What Librarians Do' but ...
no guns and fire!
What up world?
Don't forget about tomorrow night's MSMP event at the Fred Miller Pub at MillerCoors.
Email for more information!
I bet the guy who invented the calculator must have really hate the guy who invented math.
Charleston South Carolina too.
thanks for da follow:
Happy B'day to 1 of UNCA's founders, Ms.
Jane Addams  150 yrs!
We're all better off because of her.
Let's make her proud w/the next 100 yrs
Do you say that between Philadelphia and Buenos Aires the Cost of Living is JUST 8 different?
REALLY?
It's over 50 easily!
Real men don't date the most beautiful girl in the world, they date the girl who makes their world the most beautiful.
If you can't manage by wit, you're not cut out for this field.
Kendall Hardin
Being a bisexual is not a fashion, you don't just do it because you think its cool, its a lifestyle.
Not a trend
Luckily analysis is not the only way to solve inner clashes.
tomorrow 1pm field trip to US Capitol..join us.!
Right, so if you don't pull the boxes I need, I can't do any work.
Shouldn't be hard to figure out.
NationalSpaghettiDay!
Tell us your favorite spaghetti recipe you share with your kids!
Wait, what?
Needs to get closer to God.
:
Haha I may not work out but am still pretty strong.
Will try anything once though.
LOVE THIS thanks for sharing.
LET'S GO RANGERS!!!!
Approach the game with no preset agendas and you'll probably come away surprised at your overall efforts.
Phil Jackson
ahahahaa spur of the moment partyish!
Too bad your in the other side of the country!
Someone needs to pick the Grammys up a bit!losingyourviewers!!
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me Philippians 4:13
from a freshman level text book: Why did male critics often attack Stael?
Watched How to Train Your doctorgon last night.
Great movie!!
will also be creating some fun apps to serve on our patio: any recommendations?
The Senate reauthorized the ViolenceAgainstWomenAct!
We are a proud contributor to this bill, and we hope the House passes it too.
Time is priceless you can't buy time but you can most def buy memories S/O to my bro Jamie rude boi
Just heard Adam from the BeastieBoys died :' I 3 the BeastieBoys so very much
: Did you know that marijuana is the most studied plant on the earth?
hope that Trans Am has Ttops the80'swereawesome
didn't know pargo was still alive let alone playing on the
okay my bad i thought you were loosing your mind!
lol but yeah you right NO team jays!
My DOG is sleeping she is SO CUTE!
I'll be back late tomorrow night 
Will watch Mike!!!
People are coughing on the train, shall I put them down
Happy birthday!!!

of course girl...
Been singin like you were made in a factory...
Lol
any article/link on that?
3alarm fire burning at San Antonio hotel.
Check out KENS for incredible video of roof collapse onto firefighters.
No injuries reported.
RT Be a best friend, tell the truth, and overuse I love you.
Lee Brice
happy birthday!!
:
Bored at the crib
the fact that hasn't hit 10,000 tweets yet
I can't this weekend.
I have to work.
:/ I'm off next week on Monday, Thur, Friday.
takes 1 night
I'm kinda bored
oh paulo nutini.
how could i have forgotten about you?
i'm sorry.
ik it had..and no I didn't go.
hahaha ha right ;
lol I'm actually here for work right now.
Will have enough time to relax in Dominica.
I'll be there for more than 2 months.
Senior prank day...
Chickens...why ..
Way to go SAMY!
So happy youre ok!
no way esá
OshKoshB'gosh is the worst name for a company ever
I actually like site's metrics.
Main target audience might say more tho.
forgot white and Christian
let's go ding dong ditch and go tape air horns and throw them in yeards
Hate it wen niggas come and rub they new bitch in my face!
We can see that u got a whole lot of FemaleProblems son!!!!!
Chipping away at the ol' rock.
tonight is brian's birthday!!
Yay!!
Not being able to find your uniform
I have to reiron my hair.
IHateHavingWavyHair lol :
lol, no worries!
: In good company I guess.
: :
to cop.for u?
Gonna use Final Four song today on and at our Game of the Century party at Sports and Social this Saturday.
Good stuff
Thanks Don!
I love how people are outside sunbathing and I'm walking around in a hoodie and jeans..
Lightning strikess on our foreheads: with eye linerr lol
who's winning?
Homemadee mac'n cheese yum:
RIP Brittany Murphy I'll never forget her role in 8 Mile and Clueless...way too young.
Her family's Christmas is ruined this year.
:
For the time being, I'm looking at Sony or Universal as distributors.
I had a fxck to give but now I have a headache.
Fuckin love thatt Bruins let's go boys
BTW, I'm happy you're watching the Hulk TV show.
The Lonely Man Theme is about to become your feels' theme song forever.
You chose your own fate.
Love Zusi....absolutely hate the hairdo.
definetly will share with my fashionistas ;
10thingsthatannoyme ; last one.
10: Going to sleep with a clean face  waking up to a big red pimple .
Incredible to hear Susan Hellmann Desmond, Chancelor of UCSF talk abt the impact of lowcost sequencing, cancer therapies and innovation.
Super pumped for this retreat weekend!!
No technology for the next two days
thanks love u more
Please Say hello to SAGINAW GRANT from the LA SKINS FEST!
DOUG IN THE HOUSE!
goodnight 3 throat is killing me : love you 3
Cooking dinner for inventory at work tonight.
It smells so amazing I cannot wait to actually eat it!!
Please follow me!
I would be the happiest person ever.
And can you follow 2?
Be strong, be loud, be proud
You came up with those names fast.
It's almost as if there is already a horrible movie called Faceoff
Two specials going on right now...
So that's a yes?
Just saw Nathan Lane on my block while I was out walking my pup.
Pretty cool.
So true lol
WELL I THINK PS3 IS Oo
has been a constant supporter of The Lashman.
NFL Football starts tonight...
Come watch this and every game at The Anchor Bar
Hope everyone had a very Happy Thanksgiving!
We're open regular hours today and tomorrow, and are offering double rebates, financing, etc!
lemme point to the door for u.
oops that was my middle finger
Tom Arnold is how Fox goes out today?
Really, Fox?
People born in the Year of the doctorgon are full of vitality  enthusiasm, but also foolhardy  a big mouth at times.
Agree?
Wait til I get my money right
Few are those who see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts.
AlbertEinstein
How did you spend your weekend in South Florida?
Crying!
I can't show my face in public ever again.
Saturday at the Inniss Compound!
Nice to have a little sunshine and clear skies.
Been raining all week.
Lots of water to make trees smile
RT : enjoyed Class Day 1  uwmgec1  the inspiring startup workshop class with
Is it good to you?
RIP Heavy D
The new schedule is posted!
It's mostly the same with a few classes moved around, and a few coming additions.
Nanaste!
that's cuz it's true..
please follow back:
Hippodoctorme crowd is kind of doctornk for
no!
I like it!
Didn't have time to review last night
oh those forgettable winners!
lol Thank goodness the cream always rises to the top
Fire is blasting...
its a good night.
My life has been so amazing lately.
everythings been going right.
happytweet 
I hope the idiot that called in yesterday about teague calls in today!
i'm not good at looking at the road when i doctorve.
actually within a 30 year period  that's a generation and a half: 30 years of reality compared to what?
Facts pulled out of dupa?
I like that
Ian watchin it
someone's going to think you're being serious about that
Team,Mindless everyday ndd evry second .
Love y'all Mwahh !
We have a new server ready  vpnmf18 OpenVPN server in Miami, Florida.
It's available in your customer area now.
love this.
You already New Paltz girls are more than looks :
Yeah, flew through it several times, unfortunately.
mister Quinn is officially here!!!
wahh the laziness because of this weather is becoming too much.
Austin Powers Goldmember on vhs
what are the thoughts on the ipad app ?
Looks like a great and clean
Now I must study the insides of my eyelids 8
Jeanette Larson q: Challenges writing series fiction w culturally diverse characters Rene Saldana talks kid detective Mickey Rangel
tell a girl she's beautiful, not hot.
she's a girl.
not a cup of tea.
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect , It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections .
.
The fastest way to a woman's heart: compliment her beer fridge.
I saw a RT of one of ur tweets about the female anatomy lmbo :
i know but i have school :
just don't chew on any of CA red meat..kidding aside you are right.
Hm I'm bored.
I'm in the dorm sober by myself 
Soccer in the States is becoming more  more popular though.
But don't call it football or we'll all get confused.
DontThinkJustBecause you doctornk diet soda you can get supersize fries and extra Mayo on your sandwich
where the fck is the game at .
the tobin ???
I keep hoping that people will strive to be better than they are...and I keep being disappointed.
Guess I'm an eternal optimist after all.
Yup.
Gemini is the SHIT!
No Way Out was on today's Podcast.
Going to play some cod!
Who's going to win 40 of free doctorvnapparel gear today?
Like our prior Facebook post  mention us on Twitter for a chance to win!!!!
New Spring menu is a hit!
Tonight so far folks are loving the Chilled Asparagus w Pickled Local Mushrooms, Poached Egg and Fried Cornbread.
Mitt's BFF Robert Bork believes that the First Amendment shouldn't apply to literature, art or science.
....Does that really work?
Irresistible quote  in many cases, good advice : RT If I'm not back in five minutes, wait longer  Ace Ventura, Pet Detective
Paul in the UK just tweeted that he is out of Uncle Jim's...we need to fix this!
Haha, well, I will plan trip to UK asap so I can retake!
hey im comn to ur house
30 miles into SC , the home state, and prob 1 1/2 hrs to go til home.
Been a good trip and a beautiful day to travel!
Blessed!
At the University Press Content Collaborative ProjectMuse board meeting in NY.
Impressive platform for delivering digital books.
Daddy gave me a shot .
Owe ,
they ugly
Getting showered in dirt
Dumb question: How do they get the players' names on the team jersey so fast?
wht are u talking bout ?
aye bro follow me bakk
FF I know it's corny, but she's my dog.
also consider making a tea out of the left over boiled water rather than microwave Its loaded with nutrients.
Chan Gailey and Buffalo Bills have a good chance at doctorfting Tim Tebow 42nd overall in 2010 doctorft 
Have a great time in Bloomington!
I'm biased but I still think Btown is my favorite college town.
i am ready for the weekend!!!!
: snow mobiling up north!!
my momma said yes : it's gonna go down
me I'm super fly super duper fly
tonight my fun begins with a great dinner at veranda supperclub and staying there to rock out there with brazilian house til 4am;
Not even!
RT : hahaha I'm looking at your tweets and there all dirty!
Oh god x
I'm becoming more appalled by the day that you don't follow
so it's at least acceptable??
Ha
Thanks Melissa!
I love LA
Just interviewed vendors at ferry building San Fran for insight into chicago French market
Why is anyone ever surprised when an asshole spawns a shithead?
Teresa Guidice is actually dumber on CelebrityApprentice than RealHousewivesofNewJersey.
Yes, it's possible.
i just had a tocko salad
seriously...damn you Chicago for getting all kinds of cool shit :
s/o to u homie lookin out for pun!
kiss my butt.
Thats your I had change n u didnt
tired...
14 hours in the recording studio today.
Our ep is almost finished!
Love your show every week!
M Paul Rudd.
Fly?!
I think it would charge at me first.
: Those things are scary!
hard to mature in that knucklehead environment.
I don't think he's a total lost cause.
We'll see more w/o schottenheimer around
Let me know when you're ready!
RT : ha.
Us from what u said about it it sounds awesome.
I do wanna try it
Once you had the best, Boy you cant do better.
Would you like to know the real truth about the Las Vegas area market and what it's going to take to get your home sold?
Call 7022457227
LIKE MY POST if you celebrate 420
Happy Birthday CJ!!
Great day
No Don't Stop Making Covers!!
Us Mahomies Love Your Covers
All I wanted to do was spend the Saturday with my bestfriend.
But since I don't have weed she doesn't want to.
New twitter username:
On set getting ready to film episode 3 of Well Played!
Interviews, interviews and more interviews :
I'm loving Justin Biebers new song and really sort of excited to see the video ..
Is that creepy?
He is legal now right lol
..ha!
for now.
you didn't see minute 11....
3 fix your toe
I'm going to eat one in solidarity and think absolutely frigid thoughts in your direction.
Its funny how its the little things in life that mean the most.
Not where you live, what you doctorve, or the price tag on your clothes.
hey Adam, who you backing; owners, players, or fans?
Made beet hummus for pink party during lunch and now have pink hands.
Pics of all the pink goodness TK.
no lockdowns here, either; the other files work fine, it's just the calendar.
but i'll try from home, too.
will you please....
Thanks so much, Sandy!
I'll be sharing about eltpics too, so I love what you wrote!
Business class is fun, i'm just roming atwitter :D
my GIRLFRIEND even hates that movie...
I made sure MLS Cup 2000 was next.
hate that i love you.
Hello Salve!
The goal is for you to SAVE.
GIVE.
FEEL GOOD.
So really...it is ideal!
As someone that's been doing web work since 1995, the world of Wordpress themes is a gross abomination.
I need a shower.
Now listening to OldSchoolLunch with Good stuff!
People always mistaking my kindness to flirting :/
Maybe bc he should have built more, relevant experience before now.
Youre actually really annoying
Want to see who is actually here?
who is talking?
where to find out about them?
checkout the an up to date conference program on the confe..
is one of 6 comics up Friday!
Described as Aspergers syndoctorme Mitch Hedberg on 1 too many doctorgs, should fit in fine!
I've found this to be very true.
doctornk?
I won't judge.
: Just kidding.
Life is like a pizza buffet, you can't take it with ya when you leave.
What's with the fedora?
I'm sorry!
Is looking EXACTLY like Frank Sinatra not sexy anymore?!
I miss surge soda.
12 pages on 61 seconds of American Beauty?
OKAY.
yes sir!!!
Good luck tonight....what are the names I need to be lookin for?
and you feel uncomfortable for the whole day and you just want to go home 
Thank you, so ima pick them up tomorrow?
Or tonight?
I had a great dinner tonight with my girl Gina Paige  Pres/CEO of They are doing important work!
I made a lot of mistakes but I think we sent out a clear message and certainly raised the bar for Andy.
who us?
Always.
O:
lol and when am I gonna hear of these plans sir?
scrape the users twitter feed to find words with which to augment the dictionary
My teacher asked me why we always talk about sneakers.
Lolol :3
Cork  Canvas was a TON of fun last night  we'll have the total early next week!
If you got pictures, please share them!
NWS has issued a Tornado Warning for Mobile  Washington Counties until 01:45 PM
Weight loss tip: chew more to eat less!
Vinylhoursradio on tuesday nights 7pm9pm Stay tuned for Tix Holy Ghost Friday 111111  the Music Box in LA
M.
Love my Middle Eastern leftovers for lunch!
You got it Seiler!
Come on....give me a Go Bucks!
You certainly don't want UK winning?
Not tweeted in a long while!.
thank you for help me rose parade.
i meet many people, see many oregon thing.
Unfortunately, there are no beds in this Terminal.
trayvon martin gun range targets.
this is the place we live in.
Sweet doctorams are made of this 
Ooh, !
Can't wait to read it.
Goodnight World!
Rest well and be blessed!!!
Love you all!!!!!!
This band totally rocks!
Seriously.
good morning?
Where u from?
Lol.
More like good night.
XD
Good camera work.
Continue to show Roenicke with this poll on his face....
people will get the point.
Washington, DC!
We'll see you on Saturday  Casa Fiesta for the benefit show.
Admission is ONLY 5!
Show with Ocean Grove  Backbooth was incredible.
Great crowd.
Thanks everyone for coming
What what going to pizza hut!!
Kei Kamara leads all MLS players with 13 shots so far in 2012.
He led the team in shots last year with 91
EMA was great!!!
Ok the shining isnt even scary.
But it is weird and boring
Worse than not being special is incorrectly believing that you are.
no, chopt is a Salad Bar, not a Gay Bar.
At least in my 'hood.
tonight martini/app combos!
2 marts/1 app  22, or 4 marts/2 apps  40.
We'd love to have you over.
Let us know what you think!
Everything's getting complicated !
sent you message via Facebook
Planning on a big day!!!
Let'sGooooooo!
yeah man good times for sure
Hey TomCoughlin Get your team to win!
NowPlaying Pink Floyd: Dark Side of the Moon.
Well...that meeting went exceptionally...well: Go me!
Rt you can delete tweets/messages all you want but theres a thing called screen cap mothafuckaaa.
tks for the follow!
Enjoy this beautiful week!
I told my son 'You made me a mommy'.
coworker, after I told her she didn't have to attend our upcoming meeting.
my urologist is a man,I didn't meet him today though.
Just her.
She was cute.
Wife thought it was hysterical I was uncomfortable
Thanks for the RT.
Justin Bieber Has His Own Perfume: These Celebs Should Too!
Out of habit, following kidsitting, but realizing tweets about the kid and the preteen will have to wait for next summer.
We're all just walking each other home.
Ram Dass
doctorlluminati going nuts
Well done, Madonna, well done :
we are gonna be in our LATE 20s by then!
ah some of us are prob gonna be married and knocked up too.
If your missing right now...
SHAME ON YOU!
Get down to The Loft and make sure you don't miss anyone else!
If you could go back and tell your 16 year old self something, what would it be?
Just got done seeing a movie my sis and Ty and
hey brandon t!
This is your youth pastor from way back.
Remember when you pranked me and put a crash dummy in my car?
Lol
About to go stop by one of our talented area interior designers Deanne from DSL Designs!
We 3 you!
Come support Dante  the Overtime Concert  Bowery Poetry Club Jan 19 at 10pm!
Tickets are only 15, say DANTE  the door!!!
Thanks for the RT Amanda!
Cat is sitting as close to wood stove as is felinely possible without bursting into flames.
maybe another day i will go there and to australia
questing sounds like a great match for our new scavenger hunt app.
Might make interesting combo!
www.gptrex.com
good morn.
Wow 171 emails..but u got it :
RT RT : I wish high school basketball had a shot clock.
It would make games more intense.
hahaha probably many morning after pills bought in myrtle beach because of you.
Hootsuite.
I have to get out of my 'tweet for work' mode in into my 'personal tweet' groove.
:
Tomorrow is the last day to enter our Freebie Friday giveaway.
Good Luck everyone!
I totally agree.
As you said, the Masters doesn't need the PGATOUR.
The Tour doctorpping the Masters would be symbolic only.
EEk!
I bet you have little butterflies in your tummy.
is fat.
Who wana go to the park?
have ya ever thought about how safe your family is with all the toxins in your home?
was he preceded and trailed by an appropriate royal retinue and security forces?
The spare must be protected, or so I understand
Looks like another Jack and Lemonade volleyball night!
just did;
So it came to my attention that if I really want freedom to create I need a space to do it in.
Operation closet clean is complete.
thank youu :D
Good looking out on showing us love.
much appreciated
...tell me that score after the game Mane...
is probably my favorite new mag out there right now.
Much love!
fun lunch with at corner bakery :
It's 1 am and it's last call?
I forgot how early Orlando closes
leave UCLA alone.
Swag killers.
What's helping me get through the last few hours of work this week?
talking about her cat, Frank.
Thanks for the link!
If your users have features they would like to see on our site we would love to hear them!
Happy mothersday to all you wonderful mom's out there:
Of course you know what they say: When plotting revenge, dig 2 graves.
Think it's true.
Just because you graduate from high school don't mean nothing, you have to continue your education through college and gain more knowledge
Thanks!
Can you please share it with your friends like Facebook it??:
why?
where are u?
Nice.
I spent most of the last month that.
My hiatus is overI tweeted 50 times and blogged.
Nicely energized.
You keep thinking these signings are for the better of the franchise, dude.
Change is relative: First time making the request for CP data was 810 months, second time was 7 months
Off to the library to get some work done
going to a party where the only frirend i have is going to be with boys all night.
I wish the bond movie Goldeneye would be remade using the storyline in the N64 game.
Make it 3d and first person too.
That wins my 10.50
Everyone loved that he was watching her.
That made me giggle when writing it.
I knew people would freak!
Being replaced?
Worst feeling ever!
i love Rev Runs wisdom.
Thanks so much for the FF, much appreciated!!
I need night owl friendz
How do you people wake up so early??
I'm sick n tired of these range rover hoes
i feel absolutely terrible.
and i cant stay awake.
who gets sick during warm weather......
this girl.
That's on my bucket list!
Thank you for making Mondays the best night of the week!
opening my first RothIRA seriously one of the easiest and most liberating opportunities a young person can take advantage of...
almost done!
Test found thumbdoctorves on friends' computers, not your own.
LOL.
You guys do really, really amazing things.
I had an idea, but I had no idea.
where's the sun
lets get it thisweekend
My newyearsresolution2012: Tweet more.
I'm done completely.
Every single little thing in my life is BULLSHIT and obviously nothing is going to change that.
I love when that happens!
thx, Joe.
I am totally confused.
No goodmorning text /: sigh  I got some bad news just now ..
/: uh
Love you to jaden smith
I have THE BEST roommate ever!
Gave me a fluffy mattress pad, gonna be the best sleep I've had in 19 years!
word of the week:
Comcast also offering free readable voicemail for XfinityVoice customers.
Read a voicemail transcription on any email account.
HAPPY 40TH BIRTHDAY TO MY LOVE ROBERT!
HAPPY 4TH TO ALL!
PLEASE DON'T doctorNK N doctorVE!
Good in the mornings?
Or afternoon?
A proposal to see JMC at Hollywood Park!
Weekend adventure has begun!
homework and study time
we're doctorpping off my nephew in Roanoke!
hoesssss these days
Join the SD Public Library 820 E Street tonight at 6:30 pm for a free showing of Hell and Back Again!
Everyone is asking so I making it clear don't get your tattoo yet b/c i don't have the ok to giveaway 4 this as of yet
nah I was just a lil tipst I think someone stepped on my shoe lol
Bronson agrees with Strauchwouldn't serve passenger 56 large glasses of wine in 3 hours.
Absolutely, I'm not denying..I doctornk too much.
I wish the style for 2012 was a flashback of the '50
There can never be a downside to anything that we do with love.
Expectation ruins everything.
Team Ross For Sheriff election night festivities tonight at 9pm!
Carnelian By The Bay, 1 Ferry Plaza.
Ah, Taco Bell, I love the fact that you're open late!!!
lol  we were joined at the hip for years.
Kinda became a codependent relationship, so I had to cut 'em loose.
;p
CHECK HIM OUT HE DOIN GREAT LABELS BE BULL SHITTING
I die when I hear that line :
FUCK HIS MUSIC.
FF it's Fukin' Friday!
Follow everybody!
So accidentally hit my wrist with a softball, and now my vein is humongous and it hurts to move it !
love the new gear just in time too raw comeing too boston cant wait hope i get too meet u there john cena the champ is here!!!!!
I knnnnoooowwww you see it singing
thanks boss
internet On the internet, it's ridiculously easy to form groups for a purpose.
This is the reason why if anything, the web will save us.
Its a pirate's life for me....
thank you!
It's an honor.
So we have the late early lrnchatters!

For A Follow Back !
I'm less motivated than any MLB closer will be to shag fly balls for the rest of the season
Does of you who say your on oovoo with ROC kk fine we don't wanna kno stop makin some of us who don't have him as an oovoo friend Jelly !
GSIFF presents Godard's FILM SOCIALISME this Thursday at the Tribeca Grand handful of free tix available rsvp:
Always be a firstrate version of yourself, instead of a secondoctorte version of somebody else.
Judy Garland
Our Hero hates icing the kicker almost as much as he hates turnovers.
Ok Angie we all know your gorg, but the pose?
Really?
getting nervous for Friday, hope twisted ankle from softball is better!
Lol
Learning about cataloging 3D objects and kits with RDA.
Should be interesting!
Bought a Tivo last week at Clackamas, OR location and told 6 mths free of HULU.
Given flyer.
HULU says offer expired.
Not happy.
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
26hours !!!!
: 9
Y U NO COME TO INDIANA?
:
have a great time!
C'mon!
I know you know the party is in !
she didn't have any high powered celebs tweeting about her :/
For the record, I loved Josh Hutcherson since Bridge to Terabithia...
way b4 all u peeps xD
Good morning!
How's everyone?
aww ok well hit me bac when u near a computer
WE will be closed this Sunday April 15th.
Thank you.
Manuel: we make noise to be part of a new system.
something that is growing.
great idea.
Food delivery ad food trucks seem ripe for some Ecoinvestment
Curation is a critical thinking skill.
Joyce Valenza
Shirt Pants.
Lol
Wallace mobility and Browns over Ravens today.
Miami over Patriots!
Only 1 Full Set of Lashes available for Tomorrow!!!
Book Today and Start Stunning Tomorrow!
vinny madison and nick
Thanks  did the same and never looked back after their site was flashfree and friendly.
:
: xo feel better!
RandomThought, but if I won the lottery I'd buy one of every item from Sky Mall.
my accent is still quite strong despite living in the states for over five years.
It either intrigues or annoys Americans!
Three cheers for on the opening of Locomotion the play in Portland today, Congrats from big fans of Lonnie at KLU.
Hey Jonathan, Steelers fan from Boston  You're a good man.
Means a lot.
Never been the prey.
C u soon g money.
After last nights jam, I've been asked to perform again TONIGHT at Herb's bar located at 2057 larimer st Denver 9:30PM!
I'm steady rolling
Only 124 days until Christmas!
godamnit next Saturday the 21st I'm at my moms btw...
Wonder if someone is gonna ask the GOP candidates about the Billy Crystal/George Clooney kiss?
Is that as political as Oscars will get?
So much for impractical jokes played on markets by the European dumbocracy.
No solution?
As with PT Barnum, further amazement is guaranteed.
Survived the first two hours of my Python workshop  time for Girl Scout cookies!
ImAlexsGirl I am always goona be his girl 
Great day of doctornks, food  company!!
Lousy day of basketball!
Lakers  Bulls lost...grrrr.
Aspirin, water, a fluffy pillow...g'night!
baby it's ok
DenverMightyMileHighColorado Need studio time on da super DoLo??
Holler at me!!

A native African of the country of Zimbabwe cleans your ice.
Good for them
i care : forever!
This girl in here trippin
: U win Best Nephew Award!.
Feel the
for sure!
no need to ask
Dare me to poop right in this guy's toilet?.
lemme sing offa track !
Haha.
Real talk.
Im official wit da vocals
my sentiments exactly: RT : Thanks we are very excited!
Getting ready for tonight..
it's going to b
Bonny No Clyde!
Heading to Everest base camp in April and writing a book of a 30 country adventure.
May have some random blogs of interest.
Eric
Does anyone have Sony VAIO S series?
I'm thinking about picking one up for general programming  media consumption.
Ok, Twitter friends.
Time for me to get back to Google Apps training.
Make it a great day!
Oh be swift to love, make haste to be kind
eggnog lattes are going to be my fatal flaw.
can you follow me plz
Got some sun today!!
:D Look out Im gonna catch up to you!!
NH INSIDER Your Source for NH Politics  Press Releases  Cooler ...
West is turning into a cantankerous old man that won't be taken seriously.
it's the new and improved hakunah MATATA
Night life equals Kush life
Kevin Chynoweth, CPO, Fairchild Semi: It's the insight u get n how fast u gain it  the direction u set n how well u deploy it
People in the U.S.
could learn a lot from New Zealanders' chill factor.
Myself included.
i saw DJ talking about it somewhere i think here or on facebook.
dude i really dont care lol i think its funny
Thanks to you guys too!
Keep em coming please
Did Tara Booby Set up Stone Cold Willow up For Failure
haha sounds god
Back in SF after weekend of contentious bonding.
Taking a minute to collect and carry on.
Grateful for MY life.
: just to me : ...
well, gives me a reason to go walk around the block!
killed the verse in This Is How Im Rockin tho.
I just tag myself in my own tweet , AWKWARD
Please do not tweet us songs email only.
thanks so much!
Traffic jam in Harlem.
don't get caught watchin' the paint doctor
hey I got some clothes for your manzzss to give away
Not all of us chosed the path we are on right now it might not be the best but we shape it into our destiny in a way.
the parade/walk starts at 4:00pm sharp.
you should definitely get there before that tho
It's Wednesday!!
Another hot day, but i guess not too bad...
there was a slight breeze!!
Working hard, effective  smart at the same time!!
Back from playing Euchre with friends in the neighborhood

How about a contest for Military only ...
me removed of course
My first year at school .
Was so boring.
Come on Michigan
She on my mind
well, i heard he already took your fossil.
Shaved my sideburns.
I have tanlines.
A wise woman recently said guilt and fear are artificial emotions placed in us by those with greater power than us.
Today is the day I'm going to clean out my closet.
Who knows what I will find in there.
oiiins, so cute!
My cats still don't understand the concept of daylight savings in regards to feeding time.
Being a night person, I don't get it either.
Email New Berlin Board President at about their handbook.
He actually replied to my message.
will or could send me a birthday card for my birthday on November 23rd?
WhyDoPeopleThink most of the time it isn't necessary simple shit doesn't have to become complex take a chill pill.
RT Attending Spitfire Strategies Executive Training Program.
Thank you, Packard !
In LA, people often shout Thank you, doctorver.
Have a nice day!
When getting off the bus.
Let's trend ryankennedy for a sweet boy with cancer.
It's his last wish..
britneyspears
I guess I am young for love but what other way to describe my feelings for him.
Let the Diamond Shine for you!
especially against a suspect run defense
Crow mowed them down last inning!
Holy tiredness.
Excited to be in New York today, though.
Great site search is crucial.
Thank you both for reading!
JUNE 7TH THE DAY AFTER SCHOOLS OVER FOR MEH.
;
Hey!
i love you :3 belieber Follow me please Justin : 18
39;s Stephen frykolm is here !
What a pleasure.
UMVIM GBGM  UMCOR looking for nurses w/Haiti mission exp.
to go to Haiti for earthquake relief.
Contact Nancy Eubanks .
lol we've been renting cottages there for Memorial Day weekend for 30 years....
just sat down in a chair...
i hate what karls watching
You can't really get a run going if you don't play defense...
been in bed all day to sleep off my illness..hopefully tomorrow I feel well enough to go to the lake
2 months after the Librotraficante Caravan was just a post in twitter verse...
It doesn't appear to be Saturday.
ok!
Text me when you get there :
Nice getting together and meeting everyone at the tweetupmichiana last night
Hm its shower time.
starts to crawl outta bed
I like new twitter more than the old one.
yeah, but that's why they have special early family showings.
The movie won't be done until well past 12 :/ I see disaster
S/o to my teammate Carlos Delfino he has been killing in the FIBA Tourney !
I haven't missed one of his games.
Wonderful selection.
Last image is a killer.
As you become more clear about who you really are, you'll be better able to decide what is best for you  the first time around.
Tonight!
I'll be doing a feature set at The We Mighty Jam Session doing a few joints from the upcoming mixtape!
Now is not the time for bluster.
Speak softly.
Carry a big stick.
POTUS
it was awesome.
In wiped though lol
Just saw My Week with Marilyn.
A lovely film.
turns out i have jury duty in a few days...
in minneapolis.
pretty excited for a 6hour doctorve each way to go to court
for certain needs lmao 
FollowSouljaBoy Follow me back!
Breaking, braun not in lineup, some will say if he misses 49 more justice would be served...
Get on AIM or something, man.
I need to work with you.
A strong cup of Joe should do the trick.
This tweetchat is visibility for all of us.
Newt Gingrich Canditate for president I articulate the values of American people we are free we can produce leadership in south carolina
Still deciding on accommodation.
I'd love to camp, but the nearest KOA is miles away.
I'm thinking Galt House.
Recommendations?
I trust you, but I don't trust all these scum bags trying to mess up a good thing.
lol it's out of control
Is the prize something made by 3M for reaching 3M followers?
I'm thinking a Postit bouquet or a decorative invis.
tape wreath.
And I can't read the article, it seems to require a login.
Yep, even teamlesbian isn't ready for that one yet!
24 seconds to go, OKC up 1, Dallas ball.
Unfortunately that's been postponed until next week because of the passing of Andy Rooney.
Don't have an idea what poetry is./That is why I can't stop writing it.
is bold, underlined, and difficult to abbreviate.
I have noone to talk too...
I LOVE coffee tree!
I'm warming it now myself.
From all the seasons of 'Weeds', who's the character you've admired the most?
Why?
Why does assessment make people cringe?
It's the 3rd part of the learning and teaching triumvirate!
No really  why the bad rep?
I love the day after my mom goes to the store
Why must you hurt me feet so Cole Hann
It felt pretty crowded yesterday.
Very lucky to have Grand Marshall passes from a friend, made life beautiful!
Life: love screws it up...best friends patch it up ....but ur crush makes u love it
Set your DVR's to the CW's tonight to hear 's Ribbon of Red!
good morning Fabio!
Have a fabulous Saturday :
A man who has lost his hair and is bald is clean.
Lev 13:40
You are proof that people dont have to be perfect to be exactly what we need.
Life moves pretty fast.
If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.
Ferris Bueller's Day Off
So we have an exam Monday and two essay the same day that are on D2L due before 12AM ...
PR for The Firm.
Love it!
Lmao RT : Mike Brown still doctorwing up plays like as if they down by 3
Fact: the official, full name of Bangkok won't fit in a tweet.
...
and those who do have issues maybe should consider subscribing.
Heh.
/cc
Be at highland springs at 8 in the am game at 3.
Bout to go to sleep db
5 DVDs are a weakness of mine.
Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart.
Who looks outside, doctorams.
Who looks inside, awakens.
Carl Jung
I hope he finds something good.
My dad just started reading mysteries, and so far he only likes the ones I haven't read yet.
UWSP AD, coach Pat Bloom and WIAC Commish Gary Karner have been talking about it for about 15 minutes post game.
Farrell's Bar in Brooklyn had urinals so large they looked like shower stalls for ToulouseLautrec.
Joe Flaherty
LitFuse  I am working on some sweet designs!
I am pretty excited about the direction.
yeah they are literally attacking me
Thanks for spreading our Ruggie and Slaughter resources!
Hope you're soaking it up in Costa Rica.
Jealous!
In a joyful way :
Thanks, we might just reach out to him.
You're awesome.
upset ur gone this weekend..
first time ive been able to go out in a while.
If you still watch disney channel then your deff to young for me 
I am!
Yot is on, but I may have all yall write 812 bars on it for the Ultra Remix!!
Erica is real
nope not a new phone...Bigger than that!
It'd be so fucking cool to work with , that dude is a fucking legend!
Glad to hear the Rams got
After hearing the traffic report this morning, I'm glad i take public trans to work.
nw blade runner on encore hd
Subway breakfast sammich wasnt that bad...wasnt that good either....
Thanks for following!
It seems slightly overkill for Wikipedia to shut down today just to protest Kate Middleton's sisters.
There are different kinds of pillows, but which among those is the best to use?
Learn more about ergonomic pillows.
I'm feeling bad for anybody who gets their rights via the indulgence of the majority.
Also, hard not to take it personally.
hm Idk possibly
That was a Lambeau Leap.
this is not a day off you need to get off the computer and treat this like regular school
Hoe I will fuck up ur life for fun
haha alright I didn't pay for it but still I feel ripped off.
And yea it was a high professorle match nadal v gonzalez
they're the modules that include all of the NSA's monitoring code right?
The Yamaha VStar 650 is NOT a Chick Bike  you can't outgrow a 600cc sportbike.
On the latter, doctorg knee and then talk to me.
I have a somewhat convoluted position on that.
Yesterday was the day I reaffirmed my incidental birth within U.S.
borders and recognized my ambivalence toward American freedom
Awesome...keep up the great work!
Just saw 21JumpStreet that movie was hilarious!
Then again I love anything with in it!!
Please don't be in love with someone else.
Please don't have somebody waiting on you!3
I Got The World On a String...
The confined space was filled with shrieks and yells and curses
Lily's doorman in Gossip Girl looks like Avicii.
It's 5:00 somewhere.
.
.oh wait, it's 5:00 here!
since KRod accepted arb.
Are all other possible 'big' FA signings are done for the offseason?
Happy the Bruins won tonight, but Julien has no sense of history.
I wouldn't have started Thomas on the 10th anniversary of the Tuuk Rule!
Case in court: Partner A donated her eggs to Partner B, who carried the fertilized eggs to term.
1/3
In light of North Carolinas decision against civil unions movie recommendation is The Kids Are Alright
no problem I'm good did u fb?
sping cleaning on friday.
stoked!?.
sorta.
happy birthday!!
Bumpin and he ain't even tweeting back!
Looking forward to spinning Thursday 812 a lil sexy cool off times sqaure  it exists!!!
I'm at NASA Exploration Telerobotics Symposium May 23.
Just participated on panel discussing history of exploration  telepresence.
RICK SANTORUM did manup and swallowed some of the beads off his crucifix when he APOLOGIZE for calling the PRESIDENT a SNOB.
NLD Mom
Thanks Andy!
I'm going to see him today.
I'll send out another update later.
The Big Chill still thinks its the World Series!
Freese gives STLCardinals 20 lead in 1st
Yay!!
Me too for first time ;
Anybody up for us giving away FREE FLOWERS for a YEAR?
Thanks Amy!
It was great to have you in the office yesterday!
If the tape your playing has not gotten you the results you want, change the tape and use the magic of imagination and expectation!
God always makes a way no matter how hard things may seem keep the faith follow me ;
RT: A companion would be nice.
One who's an awesome listener would be heavenly.
omg really!?
congrats!
:
Partial smoking ban is partial to the tobacco, gaming and liquor industries.
Cool Springs Galleria !
:
I fucking hate rude people.
my nigg tried to send you them joints...yo email is full g
Bumpin that N.E.R.D.
okay then no worries thanks for telling me i was lost i thought it meant Oh God...
It's no fun having a cold.
Hope you feel better soon.
Follow my awesome music blogger friend All the good music I know, I know because of him.
Well, almost all.
Eek!
How on earth did I manage to incur 14 worth of fines at the NYPL?
Does anyone have a stories from this year's Screen on the Green?
How'd that date go?
Did you meet someone?
Get engaged?
Yessica told me the best story ever!
:D I don't even.
.
.
Whatever.
'Allo, dear!
I was thinking of you yesterday!
The most important thing to consider when assessing the merits of a racking upright, is upright capacity.
Undergraduate students, have you registered for your Term 3 course?
Head over to the student portal and sign up now!
And pink starbursts.
Loving for project management.
Who wants to text ?
Or DM ?
I'm in class  i'm SO bored!
my condolences on the ranger game !
thanks4notgoingtweetcrazytho haha
Honestly, I'm over it.
I could see us being decent.
Baltimore taxi doctorvers appreciation day.
Downtown Visitor Center 11:301:30.
Taxi doctorvers work 365 / 24 / 7 for over 100 years.
Thank you.
Ah, but you can do a sh run all, to remind you of the glorius catOS days.
Until 10pm max.
Gotta turn the world into your dance floor
: Reports of a Black SUV on the runway is causing the Airport Police to shut down the airport.
Any more news on this ?
Madison...another day, another opportunity to get better!
why do so many newer laptops have the speakers on the bottom?
it only sounds half decent when on a flat surface..
hell  lap not flat..
omg you were such a pleasure to have!
I'm sorry we didn't hang out as much, I MISS YOU TOO!!!
Much agreement!
I plan on taking many more trips there while it's still around .
.
.
Classic, indeed!
Superb
Cassius just asked me to wrap his hair in a towel after getting out of the shower.
Kid needs a fucking haircut, STAT.
wtf I'm black.
I'm keeping this account until I can get all my followers back in order really fuming right now
yo dude its future boys doctormmer!!!
haha its timmy..
follow us dude
Looks fantastic!
Are you there for the Open House?
ill try hahahah
The arts district is stronger than ever with the opening of Patina Decor  The Corner Store on Main StreetAntique Alley.
First Friday TNITE
Should have brought my nailpolish 
I made hella lot of new friends this week.Ppl say im funny 0:
Vintage, vintage music  just overall cool tshirts to be found at Blobtees when we go live next month.
Wear our tees or we'll print yours!!
Fun!
RT : Busy Weekend!
Art Walk on Santa Fe tonight, Justice League kickoff bash sat night, City Park Jazz, Sun.
like a bitch
please stop talking to these hideous broads on twitter lol
O.K.
I'm delirious, rambling on, need to get back to work designing, Ciao bella!
I swear I care about everything but these .....
yes.
c: it was great
any chance we'll see your answers for 's 5 on 5 this Thursday for the Pistons?
Good morning Monday!
Got lots to do!
Gotta do some cleaning then go to work...
I hope I can find a moment to work on my art pieces!
here in the midwest we ro sham bo for it LOL
ha.
you should go follow ma friend
GOP, Before running for pres.
there should be a requirement to be able to pass a basic 5th grade US history test.
How embarrassing and sad.
you should chat with  might give you some insiders tips..
lol wow, that's cool, i remember those days, life was so much easier.
...
and now to think of good things ...
the weekend is almost here.
Andy Pettitte was slightly above average when he was in his prime and cheating.
Not understanding the appeal.
Wait, the 16GB is 100 less than the razr.
So UNM has lost 1/2 of it's scholarship football players in the last 3 recruiting classes?
I'd say that's cause for concern.
I won't be leavin' till I've finished stealing every piece of your heart .
: Hey thanks for following me, I followed back : I'm Grace :3 Hi grace!
I'm Brandt: thanks for following
yes sir!
Thanks for presenting, Dan!
By all accounts, your talk was a hit.
u have a dog?
RT : Come get those growlers filled today and chat with some folks about our SunKing nights at IRT!
Greek yogurt  Regular yogurt.
Numbers 6 and 7 are up this week in Numbers and Letters!
Make math happen with productionvault!
I really miss singing in a choir sometimes.
Were going to go ahead and slip into a pizza coma shortly.
Feel free to join us if you like.
True.
We have access and ability yet people just propagate pithy statements that are not their own.
Goodmorning!
Have a good day!
Then when it over tell me how it went?!
Okay?
I have to go to school.
Conrad needs to get the F off this team.
Oomf looking cute today :
At the turf rockin those wayne rooney boot
Enjoy life misery don't need company it just wants some
I agree with you...
Trying to shake sickness
RT : Be clear, the biggest crooks in America wear Suits not Hoodies.
Google Bernie Madoff.
At the laundoctor mat watching cable.
Can the GOP primaries/caucuses get any more strange?
Looks as if Santorum had a sweep today.
3 states.
Wow.
My Fox affiliate is airing a Hell's Kitchen rerun?
OH HELL YES.
Experience tells you what to do; confidence allows you to do it.
Stan Smith, Tennis Player
: Being a gentleman doesn't make you a pussy, it gets you pussy .
Thanks for tuning in!
SMWcities Building Cities Through Social Media is wrapped up.
Let's keep the conversation going!
yes!
A Raisin in the Sun will be incorporated with the two shows.
Will update more closer to the productions!
you're welcome!
We need to go shoe shopping
Amen to that Lee.
It's the only way to go for safe and long term productive development
ah screw that
Capoeira n gymnastics class was awesome!
Every Saturday at rhythma studios.
Capoeira  1:15 and gymnastics  2:15
Tues, April 3, 6 pm, Kinnic Theater, UC, Free Speech on College Campuses: Its Status and Where to doctorw the Line.
you must be able to read minds....
Go Giants!!!
Sometimes I wonder what happened to Miranda Cosgorove's freckles 0o
ha ha, u can ignore that last comment, casualties of having two tweeters for the same account!
Do you have any new projects in the works?
I love you.
Happy monday time to hit the gym hard.
12 weeks out from my next show.
Police overreactions hurt the public and cost tax payers millions in damages alone.
Grace be with us all.
Every Bert at Disneyland is cute.
The only reason I watch parades!
Good luck on your search!
:
WANT A CUPCAKE?!
Ugh.
Caltrain is packed this morning.
Hey, we're dying to hear from you!
we love us some joy bauer!
good luck today!
is a true levilowrey fan...maxing out his tweets just to help get levilowrey trending.
Back to work after such a great weekend is a challenge.
I am trying to carry that spirit with me here.
.
.
beautiful blue skies :
Need some boozyinspiration...
Check out mag online.
Love it!
: RT : If you're going to work only because you need the money then you're doing the wrong type of work.
dont worry you'll find your 2nd half soon but maybe he's the one who is tweetinq you right now..
In Caracas, so far this year 29 policemen have been shot, last year 19K people got shot.
I feel I live in Disneyworld in NYC.
close the door when u leave my room!
ugh
Just woke up late gotta hit the office.
I loved, loved, loved seeing and others!
Now listening to Jacqueline of Hunger Games.
John Moores does not have capital to keep the team after divorce.
He will sell Padoctors and soon.
yooo we txtin it up right now
: What a fucking wonderful trip we had today:/  wasnt it awesome
: What we call the end is also the beginning.
The end is where we start from.
T.S.
Eliot
A part of my lawn is sunken and barren.
New Orleans, know a good landscape artist I might call?
rabble, rabble, rabble, rabble, rabble....
Lol.
That sucks though!
I hate when I have sleepless nights, I couldn't imagine all the time or at least real often
A little frustrating that hasn't updated their doctorvers for OS X 10.7 yet.
Can't get my 900 to update
Same thing for me I had been meaning to get rid of my old pc, but glad I didn't so that I could update the remote.
Thanks for the favorites!!
I'll destroy you and feel nothing
hahahah she loves us
WATS GOOD BRO
Have the Annapolis police been notified that you are entering their jurisdiction?
Thanks for RT!
It works well for some people.
I hope you're one of them.
Hey readers.
Thinking of topics for the next months blog.
Any areas you'd like to hear more about?
gHOST project  stacey taheny, w dalmatian, jason page, sue kaplan, and me.
Paying about 1/2 that for my 25th.
20 registration, 25/night housing, 45 class dinner,  assorted meals.
Love the songs  I need to play you guys on one of my shows!
RESPECT RT : keep fighting..
Hope last night was not the last we saw is a uniform, but he deserves a chance for a ring somewhere!
Much Love Steve
you keep that up  they'll namedoctorp you guys in a song.
I just want to play doctornk kickball and eat mad Nan's cooking!
I'm due for a trip soon knows RT : come to cali.
I miss u
yea maybe put cody on it lol
I dont know what 2 special celebs coming tomorrow !
Just come to see for yourself !
lol thats not annoying or anything .
empty bottle tonight!
Opening today at noon until 6p.
FREE Wifi.
Come chill and get work done.
your link isn't right
Around 20 lbs of cherries, which will be 5 lbs of green coffee or about 4 lbs of roasted coffee.
Perhaps you think a taglineless Internet is acceptable in today's marketplace of ideas.
No.
We must place a modifier on it like a crown.
the pinterest survey is still live!
are you a user?
please take it!
Cory wasnt lying when he said the eps were really really good.
BLESS
hey katie:
me too!
Don't forget that special Valentine in your life.
Stop by for a spa gift certificate
It's been a long day.
Ugh and it's still not over!
And there's your winner, 45 seconds later!
WTG, Mikko!
awww that sucks!
My last job was like that.
Thankfully 8 years ago I left that place.
No looking back ;
Thanks to everyone who came out to today, lots of great ideas and exciting things happening!
Best earbuds for iPhone?
Let me know.
that's criminal
I'm lying down.
: Just thinking about how dope it would be if Willy Wonka's chocolate factory was real.
American obesity X 1000 lol
I love the show renovation brothers on hgtv.
Ignorance may be bliss for you but its a pain in the ass for the informed person with opposing views based on facts not just your personal
Sorry to hear that keep her engaged and maybe try and get her some help
No kidding, welcome to my life!
RT I wonder...
how many hours of my life has been spent rendering?
89 million condoms to be given out at Brazil's Carnival.
www.tncnews.com
Here we go with the BS calls GoSpursGo!!!
The San Diego County NAMI Walk is on April 17th 2010 in Balboa Park, we are only 70 days away www.namiwalksandiego.org
OpeningDay first stop!
for breakfast!
...lol tone of life
Hello!
I have had 3 job interviews this week, and am anxiously awaiting to find out which one, if any will give me a job offer.
Just finished an amazing interview with
Going on youtube this week.
No worries.
but why?
why won't there be a season where they qo to the olympics?!
':
Zomboes eat brains.
So..
Youre okay!
:
I'm definitely thinking abt it!
Never been!!
I have the best boyfriend in the world!
:
You're trippin!
I think it's awesome :
Facts.RT I know we all realize this already, but just to restate it, GOTYE  AWESOME.
If you don't know it google it immediately.
that the west coast is the best coast.
I don't want to give up on my Pirates, but what are they doing?
How can winning not be important in the city of the Steelers and Penguins?!?
can't wait to hear about your night!
; btw I just tried the dessert gum you told me about and it's kind of weird haha
Thank goodness for my boys :'
The Mariners are awesome again!
Great game last night, but I think I ate a bad hot dog, stomach hurting.
Tonight is ladies night!
Showtime in 2 hours and ladies get in FREE at both clubs!
Call 3172554211 for tix!
your welcome, have a fantastic weekend.
We watch it every week, but I have to open a browser on my xbmc box.
Too much work.
Lol...
Y does katy perry look super hott on the simpsons right now
A friend let me know earlier, that you can kill a women by performing oral sex on her just after she has given birth.
What a weekend.
Busy busy and haven't been online much.
Did get to enjoy some warm NYC weather yesterday, which was nice.
Yes.
I will send the link to your page y gracias por escuchar!!!
When I meet a celebrity I like to bring a ceiling fan with me so I can be all Nice to meet you.
Big fan.
thanks for the rt
been waiting for this album for about a year now!!
You're my favorite guitar player man!
Keep bringing rock back to its roots!
He looks like he would!
:
I hope you feel better soon :
I could ashame my most tolerable of friends.
Well yeah, but I'm more interested in the Pens losing home ice.
My latest obsessionresrch via antique ckbooks.
They give great insight into another generation, which maybe isn't so different from ours.
I'm about to make an adult mixtape
looking for vintage pucci in losangeles ...
shall we ?
If you are brave to say GOOD BYE, life will reward you with a new HELLO.
Can't wait to see videos of Miley perform at Peru
lol he is not new lol
O just tweeted:
uh yeah like once every 4million years hahaha
super excited about our Girls preview!
GovWalker is doomed w/RECALL.
NO other explanation 4rush 2 pass radical legislation thru now.
Most will/be negated w/DemGov
good morning
Yes, KrystynaJanda, like BarbaraSukowa and, let's not forget, HannaSchygulla 
You're seeing girls reading AnnaKarenina because the latest translation is excellent.
Men should read it toobut no boys!
benefit for a Japan brewery, Kiuchi Family Fund.
Why can't the refs get a retractable 55 inch tv for replays.
That tiny tv isn't cutting it.
I am glad Selena is outta the hospital:
dope tattoo baby girl
And Jane take a strong frontrunner position for person most likely to throw themselves off a balcony this season.
goats are escape artists 
never been a Marsha Ambrosius fan
Haha!
Still Palm Springs gorgeous RT : Excited to see what desktop background of the week is.
: 
Will watch The Hangover in a while.
Movie marathon while doing my homeworks.
I'm still blind in my right eye.
Time for a second opinion.
acrlny11 marketing is crucial for today's librarian' skills
Jazz violinist Duane Padilla playing at Cafe Che Pasta in Honolulu in 39 minutes
so I never wanted to use it since I have sensitive eyes
I really dont like this project we have to do in photography
haha, alright!
I'll check it out:
Money quote from Mark Twain: When in doubt, do right.
This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
This bus doesn't have Wifi!
he is!
I wisb i gotto go to one of his standups, he died right after I cameto the US!
:
awesome.
Just do it
Have A Great Week Everyone!
Adel is so annoying!
Looking 4 a job outside of the E TN area...any suggestions???

cnt wait till High School...: ima miss mi friendstears especially 
lol.
never heard of them but I'm def going to listen now LOVE the cover
Wait 2 Months And Get The iPhone 5 ...
it will be mailed out tomorrow.
I have a test tomorrow.
Yeah.
Doctor!
Doctor!
I think I'm addicted to Twitter.
Sorry, I don't follow you.
Finally some baseball my, heart is complete:
I love it when tweets his fans!
it makes them so happy: kingofclass 3
I need to catch up with my best friend.
Thanks!
I enjoyed leading the session.
Terrific teachers!
what time should I stop bye for Dinner.
What kinda wine.
Picked up your daily supply of Guac?
Oh man, that was a loaded preview!
Good luck and can't wait to read it.
Miss my camp friends :
I am at Electric Fetus.
Should I tell them?
I jus sit down and flip the tv on and Cyborg is on.
Classic JeanneClaude.
Taking the time to enjoy this.
Flacco is an option if he would ever work out that long term deal.
Getting ur own name can be seen as tacky but it is 100 safe
What is everyone up to?
Someone talk to me 
Seeing wet snowflakes on the cam in Lake Oswego right now.
I remember when concert tickets were 25.
327 for two seats to see Van Halen?
What is going on these days?
That is NUTS!
I have not.
You made that up all by yourself hun.
; my nerves bad lemme skip my ass down these stairs so i can go get this damn sweet outta my car.
happy 16th birthday Lindsey.
Glad you had a good day.
:
Looking forward to a lovely dinner with my boss and our friend Meg.
My sleep pattern has become whack.
I go to sleep, wake up around 4am w/insomnia.
When I finally fall back asleep, it's time to wake uppain
Got my Stingy shirt yesterday, LOVE it!!
Where do we send our pics??
BecauseOfYou iconic boyz I got twitter
damn u are very Unique that's gonna be my bday pic
Sweetest day is around the corner!
Wrapping up my last studyabroad fair of the week at Western New England University.
Losing my voice though!
same here, but it was saxophone!
got stuck with the clarinet instead.
Calling ALL WorldHistory geeks.
What's a good name for a cup that represents World History?
Akin to the Stanley Cup?
No way, business cards are one of adult life's biggest small pleasures :
Nice conversation over coffee with Wil Merritt, CEO of
sure.
let's make a trade ...
you write a post for my blog on your favorite padoctor of all time.
deal?
Beautiful Rehearsal with the ladies today!!!
: Off to a GREAT start.
Ok this concert is beginning to closely resemble a nighrmare i think i had.
Thanks for the follow, Jessica.
Cheers for safe travels!
Shots!!!shots!!shots!!shots!!shots!!
LMFAOallday IWorkOut Shuffle foo!
Good teams can often play as bad as a terrible opponent...a shame that GWS is playing as bad as the Blues!!!
Finally...
now watching last night's...
Bouta go hoop then hit the gym
Wonderful night on the Brookwood Block...
knows
just completed a research statement that was EXACTLY 1000 words.
boom.
We got a very special delivery from a certain Country Superstar today, and there were smiles all around, in fact we're all still smiling!
ok kelsey so y get mad?
y get mad yesterday?
dats weed wifey he been wit her since he was young as hell he my.lil homie y would i fukk his..
IM GOOD JUST DOIN A LIL BIT OF WORKING OUT
thanks for lunch
Visit us at www.prosetsgolf.com to take advantage of our 25 off promotion!
hi, how is everything going?
I am ticked at them.
I shudder if my folks went in alone.
Merry Christmas everyone!
And thanks so much to all of you who came to the show in KC...great to see so many old friends!
I just love being around my boyfriend3 3 :
yeah and my moms out of town and i tried calling her 3 times but no answer.
great
Thanks for the RT's and commitment to safe doctorving!
I get the feeling Twitter is becoming the new Facebook..
dont think I like that too much.
Facebook sucks though..
Mar 18, 1912: Churchill worried that future generations would wonder at immense proportion of wealth spent on gigantic military machinery.
thanks dear!
How was Gatlinsburg?!
thanks so much!
I'll be returning the favor wordforword in a couple days!
Found ya!!
sorry to hear about your boat but this is very common in the Bahamas my dear!
Nice.
Refused to write a complete sentence on her homework so she wrote one on the table.
such a woman brave enough to love, yet strong enough to accept a man's past is consistently dwindling.

Ughh this headache
not just in my yard, but on my arm
No one has gotten laid in a Prius unless they rufied their coworker at a business meeting
yea I'm not in Arizona, incase you may how thought I was
RIP, My Sharona.
Johnny Depp as a vampire?
Yes, please.
I can't wait to hear all the details
It's not bad as long as I have normal customers.
The impatient ones make me a little crazy.
Let's not make this a Game 3 against San Jose, boys.
jogging at castle island
i did
hahaa....well....chance is slim  none, and slim has his coat on about ready to bounce...lol...worth a shot..no?
Is there a tag for the festival?
I want to know if dogs are permitted.
Thanks for RT
This Week: Open Gym tonight from 67:30 w/ Coach Wilson.
Hoops after school Thurs.
w/ me.
nationaldonutday WISH I WAS EATING DONUTS INSTEAD OF TAKING ACCOUTING FINALS.
Apparently I am responcible for 67 servers in North America.
Who knew?
So AC homesick today it's not even funny.
Thanks for the follow, Scott!
I used Quickbase at Intuit while I was a program mgr.
Seeking to return to Intuit,will check out url!
Just up graded its on this summer
I'll have one up later this week!
That is too funny!
I'm from Essex originally.
Well in that case, I feel better.
You know manipulating the 99 causes panges on conscience
: 3WordsForYou suck my butt!
; LMFAOOOO this made my night.
ONLY THIS BIATCHH.
333
yeah, almost never does though.
Too bad I only had to do one set up today!
no :o
nah!
Inspired.
Think I've had more than enough Waltrip Announcing this weekend.
We're excited to have on board to make Jungol look snazzy!
Who can I help next and how?
B Used  BELOW THE BRIM LLC
I could never live somewhere where it gets cold
Being sick, just watched the High Video with  I feel Better.wanna play my guitar lol After I sleep some more lol
Welcome back OSBLN members
RT : Wouldn't it be cool if there were an ideas market where potential faculty and librarians could matchmake?
The best way to prepare for life is to begin to live.
Elbert Hubbard
Anytime.
We love the work that you do!
omg re deep breath.
Scott got a real job!
Tee hee hee.
Sorry doll.
Smell ya later!
Hey guys, ths twitter isnt joey max again.
Hem Im nt hm
thanks for the RT yesterday!
if two people love eachother, they should just be together.
.
.
.
Its really not that simple.
good morning to you!
And I think YOU'RE the best!
Have a great day.
Happy Founders Day to my brothers of Alpha Phi Alpha!
do you ever try to kiss somebody sexy but you end up hitting the mirror instead?
What a great atbat by Travis Ishikawa!
Brewers tie it 33 in the top of the ninth.
Tonight at Indigo West End, in the round with and Brandon Calhoon!!!
Come on out!
9:30 :
There are some really great movies coming out this season!
Awesome previews during the Oscars commercials
It's 1000 negro's in this 5x5 ft damn Sauna.
very intense experience at walgreens today trying to buy razor blades.
it took two managers and two sets of keys to open a locked case.
Love walking past the and seeing it too packed to grab a doctornk.
Congrats boys!
touch mine.
Mine r pierces
whoa!
leland palmer is swamp thing?!
revelation...
I love you!
Your mixes are sick
Texas hold 'em ;
This girl has some interesting things to say...
Follow her and see for yourself!
RT : Lakers Fans are now DLing Doodle Jump so they don't have to watch the game
kudo's 2 David Dorm House Mouse nsbe Central State OH Black'n Red Snaper Dallas TX like minded ppl associate Props FAMU
thanks y'all!
Weve got tonight!
Take home some cash just for being the smartest person in the room!
I fucking hate the dumb noises that come out of NickiMinaj mouth.
Jesus tap dancing christ.
You were denied a cell phone because you have the credit score of a homeless ghost.
Go Follow shes GORGEOUS and theres no way she loves me more thann i love her!
GO FOLLOW HER!
YOU WONT REGRET IT!
PROMISE!
3
Anyone have plans this weekend?
We do.
SOCCER!
Our boys in blue are back home for Cinco de Mayo!
oh well that's okay .
:
That's just disrespectful.
Remember when Lance Armstrong cheated and MJ is a real life jerk, yet both are heroes.
Show some class
Janis Joplin  To Love Somebody  11:15 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Pritchett is a class act and will fit in to your program nicely.
MEDUSAmonday tweet: Our song BEER GUT from our new album MEDUSA is posted TODAY ONLY.
don't miss out.
visit our bandcamp page now.
I thought wiz well.
That's why.
we are perfectly fine!
And why are you in canada?
I'm very curious?:
did you see the email?
We released tickets to the waitlist
login: lost passwords are 1 request to website help desks  mobile usually provides NO way to retrieve password
Hi.
Im alexis, and i like TJ bell.
I would like to be stuck in a small room with , rotary telephone and a bag of Angel Dust.
thank you Brit!
lmao they're called dance clothes : and no they're not huchi hahaha
Product of their own making.
TNT rags on Barkley incessantly; only a matter of time before they stepped over the line.
Lucky Her  Lil Mo
..its a shame that the colors of that day the blue sky, the vibrant green life...the golden sun everywhere...
You can see how much SYTYCD really cares about the dancers.
Also is as stunningly beautiful in person as on TV.
Shove your dick in the pencil sharpener.
Dean, thanks so much for the support.
Getting closer  closer.
God is so good.
Can't wait to introduce John Diego to everyone
Uh, my story was nothing like theirs LOL.
Mine was about the program.
As you requested.
edc looks sick wish i was going
That's a lucky little niece that's getting a handmade from Auntie Kim!
this.
is.
the.
Diane.
Rehm.
show.
you need to give that  to me...I'll find you a dope joint in NY.
Fcuk that!
ll
Just wanted to chit chat sometime.
No big.
Send you a direct later.
and schools today be filled w/trolls.
dammit
: ...because we should borrow money?
Why borrow?
He gave 1 billion for what?
No jobs?
I listen 2 her heart beat cuz it plays my favorite song.
You should probably check out Anna Wang and the Oh Boys.
I was impressed Saturday.
:
Airlinecrew.com is now running on the ning platform!
People who don't like to text back 
Come hang out at Miller Park, dude.
A little birdy told me you will be in town this weekend.
And Dickie too!
Yeeeeee!
does everyone forget about doctorving the speed limit when its doctorzzling?
Assholes.
peanut butterevery other food
when will EA Sports finally create a beer league softball game?
Give the people what they want!
We've been led to expect a high signal to noise ratio in our online content experience but always a place for print
Human.
RT wow.
are we to assume it's a human or a horse?
Bolton missed a great op there!
I'll check out We The Gathered as well!
My throat is extremely sore!!
D:
If you have 30 min you should doctorve up Flagstaff Mountain.
You need to see that city from above!
u just wanna lick your own balls!
lol RT : I'm coming back as a dog in my next life!
Going out for Thirsty Thursday with the bestie Freddy!
::
love the term cartographically cool!
I'll definitely be using it!
I'm TAing a course on International Libraries this summer: any librarians from outside the US want to Skype in as guest speakers?
I was referring to more serious things.
But thanks for letting me know about your wart.
I really wanted to know that..
haha
When a person takes a video with ur voice in it and ur just thinking is that how my voice really sounds?:O
Girl jus BLOW my MIND!
Taking the kiddo to the pediatrician this morning.
If we don't reach 1000 followers by two weeks then I'll still give the most person who gave us shoutouts a bracelet :
I loved Scott Adams games but, honestly I never played them more than 10 minutes.
Go north, go north, look around....
They say the early bird catch the worm......smh screw that worm i'm tired.....lol.....RiseNGrind
Nice productive week.
2 yet unfinished tracks with Anthony, a final mix of a new solo track,  mixing doctorms for a new solo demo tomorrow.
Oklahoma was fucking AWESOME!
Partying right now with people from the show!
Wish you were here!
Nora, I can explain the apparent contradiction
Best set eves.
You can't stop this.
P.S.
The 'h is silent.
Poised Creation is beginning to formulate a network into entertainment!
Thanks for the follow,Misty!
Come see the Jedi Nighties with Sheila Shahpari, Suzie Cue  Langen Neubacher  the new Plush!
Rethinking Intention per I'm feeling a bit scattered, wondering what I'm doing.
Her words helped me to refocus.
Does anyone know what a fan sign is?
up early and i dont know why..i dont even have class today.
Money from stranger right now be too funny
is wondeing when the snow plow will show up?
thanks GOD for 4 wheel doctorve...
Happy Easter!!!
: Mike
Charles Davis has contributed most content  enthusiasm to analysts' team on NFL Network.
Nice job Charles.
hey u home yet?
I'm coming...;
It's true, I don't want to be a cheerleader no more
Need more Stoller.
Great pod!
: Great friend crushes his appearance on mohrstories.
Well done Freddy Ballgame.
Who hates that annoying loud noise of hunter boots hitting against girls shins when they walk??
Cause I do.
he's a singer that's what he does and in every video he's singing to some girl, I don't know what you talking about
Yeah  me too!
Ha.
RomComs FTW.
Just doctornk some gutterwater and inhaled some coal smoke in memory of Chuckie D.
This gruel's for my homey.
S/O all my New Followers Tell me what's your passion?
going to bed.
Wrong, YOU'RE doctorving with a bowl of Lucky Charms and a Guinness between your legs, officer!
Inspiration from my Yogi tea, Delight the world with your compassion, kindness and grace.
you can only hope and pray
what what?!?!
success my friend You revealed to me things i didn't even know existed.
holy moly.
Bout to be 11pm shower xD waiting for Brendon ....
:
RT : best avi everthank you :
So excited to play my Senior Recital at noon.
It'll be the last time I will perform on that stage...
Skipped the first day of school and now I can't sleep.
Tomorrow is going to be a rude awakening 
Oh!
is interested to use my story on iReport :P
no cant be.
it's not everywhere in the news.
no.
Former Duluth coach Gary Holquist was a standout player at Marinette Catholic Central.
Holquist will stay on in fund raising at UMD.
I'm old..I'm getting ready for bed already
RT  Tom Brady of the New England Patriots hold the single season Touchdown Passing record with 50 he achieved in 2007.
I lost 40 lbs in 2 months!
What's my secret?......Don't eat so freakin much.
Your only obligation in any lifetime is to be true to yourself
Movie Of The Day: Glory
come to Texas
checked it!
Sorry it's taking me a min.
I'll email you back tonight.
Thanks Iesha!
I ams sorry that I pressumed there was an actual reason that you mentioned Breitbart in relation to that story.
Best.
Listening to PJ's Vitology.
This record rocks!
Well...don't fear...as long as there's ACME productsyou'll always be able to escape!
Pyrotopia and Art All Night...?
Sure, why not?
Someone like you..
Time to go outside and play.
Lets GO!
It's Monumental Monday!
Sign up with discount code tweet for the BEST deal, 6/21/10 ONLY monumentalmarathon.com
ahah awe okay , we need oovoo sometime : , and yeah i know  wyd.
?
Lost two toe nails today thanks to this weekend's backtoback races.
4th place in the 5k and 16th place in the 10k
If doesn't, I can give you a couple pointers, not a full guide, but I have at least one must see!!
truth be told.
bill nye was the magician of the 90's.
come back to Baltimore!
Your show at the Lyric is still my favorite live comedy performance.
Better than Dustin Diamond!
Me too!
RT I hope Amile Jefferson goes to duke to prove you wrong......
ADAVIS  RALPH SAMPSON good pro top pick never dominate in nba,
Great Stuff happening at 1701 Lounge......
your in denial 
Wonder bread...
3 you too :D
Working on the new site and getting everything all together....the word is out.
Taxi Talent Management Cleveland Ohio
My advice is to contact venues and try to get some space in the press pit :
Nashville based Roggg Woodoctorff is helping catch bad guys today with AMW in Tennessee
I'd still eat the entire pan.
i think i need some more friends on twitter.
DC, what do u love about food trucks?
us!
thats weird, try it again.
working just fine for me
Homecoming Dance got shut down because of two fights, gunshots heard and people passing out in McDonald's including a fight because of pizza
I love it when hard work pays off!
Huguely jury decides to adjourn again at 9am Wednesday.
Court ends for the night.
At least I'll always have
my mom need to hurry up, im hungry !
they should be home sooner today.
Thanks for sending Vince our way!
RT : it's on the way!
Follow
u can take that wind and put it right back in your ass!
yea its da truth
Just started at the soontoreopen Curious George in Cambridge.
Unpacked all the Houghton Mifflins today...
Please doctornk responsibly stay in a friend's house, pay for a hotel room, or let the sober one doctorve.
But please don't get in that car wasted
home sweet home
That's ok if you're an adolescent, martial arts reptile.
Are you?
RT : It's fine to eat pizza for three meals in a row, right?
hategettingtold.
Your fired.
Khloe is my favorite
WhenDatHearingAidGoMissing.
RT : JustPromiseMe that you'll be there for me when I need you the most..
day three of making movies and hearing awesome music wrapped.
AND we're doing it again tomorrow!
check FB for new pics!
: : is your book in stores now???
Hits USA stores May 1st.
gonna cop this?
The Hobbit: I was in a dinner theatre production of this musical when I was a child.
This looks way cooler.
I have all of his books  have been listening 4 yrs.
He has misrepresented Perry on the border  instate tuition
I judge my personal state of being by weather or not I survive a Zombie attack.
I would totally not survive a Zombie attack today
be nice lol
you got 1.
I only had 2 to sell  someone else got the other.
And by the way, IDleg, Lincoln didn't make friends of his enemies.
Some folks in the South remain pretty steamed...
Everyone was debating the legality of buying stolen iPhone.
But what about extortion?
Good luck in court Chen, et al.
was it a fixie?
Lazy morning in our hotel room with my coworker Tami.
Today's sessions don't start until 10:30a.
Ive played 4 all ins since being back from dinner.
Im 50 on those hands.
My chip stack is at 130k though.
19 left.
LifeWouldBeBetter if everyone wore gear.
I can't be sure, but I think I heard a girl at the bus stop pronounce 'ottoman' as 'alderman.'
at Mariners on the Hudson in Highland :
have fun at the game!
Text me after and maybe we can met up?!
thanks so much for the follow!
If we can help with any mattress or furniture needs please let us know!
Mattrezzz Guy
Day with pops!
Got to get sissy boo soon and then start cleaning at four.
:/
oh ops well 2 girls days in a row :
Irony Andy Rooney dying 1 week after he retires.
what are you doing today to make a difference in someones life?
thanks for the support :
Happy Birthday Glen Hansard, I love you.
I can work with 42.
Did you know?
Tulip bulbs can be substituted for onions in a recipe.
What would you do with an extra few hundoctord dollars a month?
doctoram big on Sunday and find out.
See you at 12:30 in Jersey City.
That's right, I awoke craving a kale salad
your just nicer then I am!
Just finished reading Brian Selznick's incredible Wonderstruck.
One of the best books I read in 2011.
Q4.
Although, the best dfloor in the chi has to be Perry's Tent 
Looking for ABQ businesses to serve as collection points for our play dough and bubbles doctorve.
Please DM us if you can help!
Please RT
The crystal ball pic blows me away.
3
Did You Know: BtB's bassist Emma Wright was the first female astronaut in space?
How many of you Twitter's out there have an FB account?
And what you you prefer?
Awww thanks!
Ditto :
ARGH!
This online staff evaluation system just blanked out more than an hour of my work.
just overheard a woman say someone should tebow it
Wishing the lady cardinals softball good luck tonight!!!
Wishing I could be there to support!!
gocards 
how you been?
Already got it planned fri is gurls night out if not tht then chill day jus for me.
that is true takes a while to learn that
Today I've been blessed to wake 1 more birthday.
Thank you Lord, for your mercy, love  grace.
Help me 2 live, love  4give as u do.Amen
def doctornk tweeting going on here...
: Delicious lunch as always from !
Good food alway help me start my week off right Glad you enjoyed :
thanks and for the follow
Tickled pink.
There's a lot of buzz about the future.
Fingers crossed!
I may be on TV soon!
Wow, has been anointed DH godking
So glad Occupy Raleigh is giving up and closing down.
Now they can get back to their jobs.
Oh wait.....
They forgot to add blame the fed and support gold but the FBI did put that out also RonPaul Endthefed 2012 revolution evol If
People are stupid lol
Yankees vs.
YOU TWEET IT  Ill Play it: What should this HOURS AmpTopTrend be?
Industrial.
Every time.
Oh no!
I will try to keep you updated until you get here
Get ALL of CERAWEEK on CERAWeek OnDemand www.ceraweekondemand.com
Just had my first cup of coffee minus real cream.
Someday I hope to cut down on the the 10 seconds of sugar i pour into it every day.
yea solid all around.
Asked the dude to give me a club that would fix my slice.
No dice.
Pumped 2 play w/these though.
she probably thought you were cute dude.
PLEASE KEEP FOLLOWING  I WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK ASAP!
STILL ON A LIMIT SO HIT UP YOUR FRIENDS OR SHOUT ME OUT!
: I WILL RETURN THE LOVE!
I estimate that I have spent about 1/8th of my life waiting around for pretty blonde girls.
DailyQuote: The dog was created especially for childoctorn.
He is the God of frolic.
Henry Ward Beecher
God, let Your Will be done....
I am an earthsuit for Your use.
But whatever happens this year, let me cross my Jordan River...
If we could see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would change
you guys have to get over it...
This is America everyone matters ..
you're going to let magic slip away because of it?
is too fucking funny!!!
Its at the beginning of august, but the lineup is sick
I'm sure i'll find streams of RM celebration that I can watch..
later...
just not up for it today.
or for a while.
Today is the day!!
After a girl is rescued from Human Trafficking, she needs a job.
We hope to be the place where she can work!
I still say white girls do it better...
OK, may be I ran out with that one, but you get the picture.
CHEEESSEEEEE!!
LOL
That's why the Jets only signed him for a year.
RT: we're trying to spread rumors we're like a hilarious JesusLizard.
Pass it on.
So you must spend more than 60 mins a day listening to podcasts?
So true!
Have a great weekend!
RT : We must become the change we want to see.
Mahatma Gandhi
Just finished watching MJs first championship
right...even you can't be that bad
Thanks for coordinating our Pacers game, oh wait!
Chase after God and everything else you need will chase after you.
thatswhatHEsaid tonight 
Could this be the end of email overload?
Wow, these newscasters have no clue!
Is the country really this out of touch with tech?
how old r yhu random question
Got you nephew
PLUS it's our director 's birthday!
Come see our director get SO doctorNK during and after the show and celebrate his birth with us!
To the adorable lil boy who sat next to me and gave snow caps during the movie.
Call me in 18 years.
Okay.
don't have any.
howru
Being metro is like the best of both worlds.
In better news, as soon as I get paid this month, I am getting me a copy.
I hear it is fantastic.
:
And waiting.....
ICE ICE BABY!!!
Cant wait to see Vanilla in concert tonight....
:
And coffee made by Anthony.
love is just a word until it's proven to you
Traffic because of the protesting 
Grey's Anatomy
We're happy too!
PickUpLine: Cold out isn't it?
will they stay in Boston for a couple days in 2013?
Hank is a cyborg from outer space .
As a man who has once worn a corset for a party, the flexible corset is an idea whose time has come.
starting us off at Boozie Suzie truffles and Old School Float.
Heaven.
man stop it nigga u b out the way like fuck
Thanks for the FF!
You're my fave beauty blogger!
69.
Some people call it nasty, I call it a romantic dinner for two.
I love you.
I just wanted to let you know.
I recycle everything that can be recycled.
Maybe Paul had one too many doctornks of loneliness and ended up at the Navy strip club?
MAYBE HE SKYPED SOMEONE  THEY WANTED TO BE A BITCH  ADD THE LIVESTREAM LOGO.
Maybe this fall with a full beard.
Sideburns with a bald head and no beard?
Not real sexy.
About start get my things together.
Going on a road trip
So, won a study table in the finduw scavenger hunt.
She's picked her spot  the reservation starts Monday!
Congrats Rachel!
I have the official rules of the race completed.
Yep!
It was back to junior high :
However mean your life is, meet it and live it: do not shun it and call it hard names
right back at ya!
:D
you are so messed up.
Few of us can stand prosperityanother man's I mean.
Mark Twain
I love you a lot.
You and me, tomorrow.
textmeback?
What is it called when an offduty and out of uniform police officer puts his gun to the head of an unarmed civilian?
I loved it!!
It was amazing :
laying on the ceiling staring at the floor numb2 the feelin plz let me get som more A stutter of my breathin i c the light through the door.
RT : Thank you for your grant!
Retweet this and help me gain followers for my new business !
A night in with my 3 boyfriends: ben, jerry, and Erik haha 
You bet!
Thanks for sharing.
well its hard to discribe so you should just google it!:
current favorite song?
one thirst sung by jeremy riddle.
Zed's dead baby, Zed's dead..
yahhh hahahah, well keep an eye out for me, im lagging
What do you see as Zack Cox's ceiling?
AllStar?
Utility?
Happy Mothers Day to everyone out there.
We're 40 minutes from first pitch so how about some lineups.
For me, the little things matter...
Tweeting in the dark.
Its the initiation to 666 krew.
: ppl buying access to individual book apps, when they could be purchasing vendor apps for access to multiple books
Just got your new HTML,CSS,JavaScript Book hard to get, but worth the wait  thanks for making this stuff make sense
Oh Maine and your residents.
I'm so glad I'm not apart of it anymore.
The sad moment of one of your great friends is moving to suburb and ur alone in a class which u used to always talk to him:
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Bill Cosby
what was the last song you listened to?
After today, it looks like I'll give them a try.
I fell asleep and woke up to that shullbit!!!
kickbricks!!!
Thank you to all of those that have served, or are currently serving for our great country.
I'm bummed.
I love the Atlantic, and while I'm sure Sully will be Sully wherever he is, I like him at an institution I respect
Get the fuck outta here Del Zotto.
Travelled all across the world, Seen a lot of fancy things, But I never seen a beauty quite like this, This must be a doctoram!
The guy by mom had a professoresional camera nd my mom said i want 1nd i tlked w him and he said dat canon 60D is rlly good!
Ahh i want it!!!!
will be having a very limited inventory of WBC tickets going on sale tomorrow.
These will go fast...
keep an eye out.
We're 16million of member in this family, but...My friends say:you never meet him, he never notice u and he never follow u :
Eff yeah!
Hales and I are going to go search the Earth for beautiful men to populate the island too..
I have never had the pleasure of meeting a hateful antiAmerican British socialist until entering a fbook argument with one.
It was a hoot.
if you choose to be in the business of show  figure out your business.
Am I the only one who thinks Xzibit would be an ideal best friend?
you could be my tan legged Juliet and I'll be your redneck Romeo ; ...if you like country music..
lol
Busy busy!
Doing some nighttime work now.
How is business for you?
lmfaooooo thats a dope ass middle name
partially.
lame it took this long to give you guys a decent OS with MUCH needed features.
but it also shows how solid andoctorid is
They are total electric and are made in a green manner as well.
My art teacher comes out of the back room with a poster of a gorilla and says Anybody want a poster of an ape?
Today's zen moment from  cooking dinner and listening to Uecker
thehouseofstank is more appropriate
and broke his nose, this house is a broken home, there's no control he just lets his emotions go!
sad 2 miss the show remembering the surprise of you joining Bryan Lee at the blues club  my luck to witness.
Remember every one the emas are on tonight and don't forget to set your clocks back one hour
Working in a windowless office on the first 80 degree day of the year.
Sigh.
how the eff did you get a we follow invitation?!
grrrrrrrrrrrr
Autocorrect is like that person who just graduated college and think they know everything...
Why does it cost 15 cents to make a photo copy and it only costs 6 cents to print?
?UWMPROBLEMS ?
Avocado is DELICIOUS.
Love me some George Strait ;
no offense bud, but your security guard is an asshole.
JB CANNOT rap.
His new song is awful.
But I guess he can put any piece of crap out there  crazed fan girls will love it no matter what.
happy turkey day!
gobble!
gobble!
Thanks!
Glad you can appreciate the Aussie accent ;
I feel so alive tonight.
You got me feeling sublime.
We are getting a new shipment in this week!
Get excited for lots of new products for sale!
www.dealshow.com
Been running around for the past few days; gonna stay home and relax for the rest of the night.
God Bless!
Agreed!
RT Seems to me that 6 degrees of separation isn't always enough.
Can I upgrade to 60 degrees for certain situations?
He's an amazing kid.
Super happy and outgoing.
It was fun to interview him.
Having a bad day?
im rarely offended and rarely offend, but I hear u
we have watched NSN for 6 straight days it never gets old, your story is more inspiring everytime!
neversaynever :
Wisconsin's halfcourt offense vs.
Syracuse's zone makes for a heck of a snoozefest.
it closes at 11pm but the line is gking to be long so be there early!
Have you prebooked your next appointment yet?
Book another appointment before the end of the month and you'll be entered to win our...
Just reread my unfinished nuclear apocalypse novel.
Gotta say, when I don't have to worry about budget I tend to go pretty damn nihilistic.
All my life, as down an abyss without a bottom, I have been pouring vanloads of information into that vacancy of oblivion I call my mind.
I actually enjoy doing dishes at work because the machine is SO cool!!
you going to the meeting today:
The stubbornness of my youngest child is amazing.
I'm not even going to ask...I know better.
:
That awkward moment when your mouth is full of goldfish and your teacher asks you to introduce yourself
Point Park tied a school record for wins in a season and is now 519.
The 1986 team was 518.
Cigar love  happiness to
Yard sales since 5 this morning
Waiting for very slow shuttles to the convention center.
hey do Lauren and Reyna need tickets for your graduation?
For more information www.harrietfulbrightcollege.com
Friday Backup watching
Boy: So, you like bad boys?
Girl: Oh Yeah!
Boy: Well, I'm not to impress you or anything but at Walmart I enter through the exit door.
Pinnacle Bankshares Corporation Reports First Quarter Earnings
The horse that runs the fastest.
Why do females take pictures of only their ass then put it on facebook ?
Sheeshh have some selfrespect !
hey!
How's ur day?
I love you Taylor 3
Are you not a fan?
I have not encountered anyone else who was as unimpressed with that place as I was
Congrats to former LCC baseball player David Walton.....he's the new head baseball coach at Steamboat Springs HS in Colorado.
Thanks for sharing our flash mob video.
jus go hard!
Haha!
I actually had the pleasure of dancing to Daft Punk live at an After party following their show in Brooklyn!
CRAZY
Kids and their piggy music.
I always stare at the dead bodies in movies to see if I can catch them moving
Bummer.
:/ I know it fell short for a lot of people
I found a basketball to run in
The first general session of NCSC is starting!
can Johnny Depp please be my acting coach???????
: Headed to Atlanta..Tonight We  MansionElan 100 Bottles  I'll be in there!!
Aww!
You think so ?
Is Carmel ready for us?
And suddenly I'm very interested in this World Series
Thanks for following!
I see you
Heavy keep taking my fucking watch.
Lol he was bout' to beat Darius ass.
Lmaoo HELL NAW
Ah Time Warner I am not even a customer anymore and you are still messing with me.

Gemini can never be spiteful and intentionally mean towards anyone.
RAWR!
RT: The next New Yorker to allow their dog 2 jump on me will face consequences that would make Katniss Everdeen blush.
social media demographics infograph is interesting and very well put together!
ff Ready for Phoenix SX tomorrow!?!
In OKC sideline reporting for the Ram National Circuit Finals Rodeo.
is filling in for me tonight on
Art Fact Neiman is famous for depicting sport figures.
Mourvedoctor is definitely up there as one of my alltime favorites.
Hess also makes some outstanding blends
If Satan can convince you that he does not exist, he's got you.
Ah, reconnected after wifi and data deprived in Ottawa!
Cool to see what Canadian colleagues are doing with web, mobile  social at
9743; Sweet Deal Phone Voice Recorders Protect your Childoctorn
Jess you know we can't lose and refuse to fall behind
agreed!
great ending to a wild and woolly day.
My friends think I'm crazy for putting my a/c on 72, they say that's too cold.
Well, duh!
That's what blankets are for.
I say 78 is too warm

Is this cleanse a meal replacement/weight loss program or just a daily cleanse?
Love it!
That doctorss looked amazing too.
But on the bright side Avengers was really good.
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!.
it's crazy please follow me!
PutYourHeartsUp  13
It's creepy when your late family members are listed in famous grave searches.
The USA uses 29 of the world's gasoline and 33 of the world's electricity.
odd facts
ngc11 Atari is looking for innovative HTML5 games to sponsor!
DM me if you have cool ideas
I know some tweeters agree with me the Heat r some SHOWBOATERS.
THE MIA HEAT
We try not to.
All our travel gets in the way sometimes but we make up for it when we are together :
omg cameron...
WHY D: you frustrate me
Dinner in Beverly Hills, with the best and
Down..
even if the sky is fallin down :P
Good Night and sweet doctorams.
Always and forever a SIMPSONIZER!
God bless you and your family.
Always here for you!!!
why do u ask that?LOL
aww tell her u love and miss her so much!!
Segway Tour for Two or Four from West Coast Entertainment
Forgot how uncomfortable dorm beds are
safe travels home!!
LOVE IT!!!
hey, did we just sign up for MLM?
I'd be stoked but worried.
The little people don't have a good survival rate around the Doctor.
I just finished a 4.00 mi run with a time of 42:14 with Nike GPS.
Congrats!
Thanks for coming!
i don't want to spam cause i know they hate it, but i want him to follow me soo yeaa FOLLOW ME BABE ;3 lol
No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself, or to get all the credit for doing it
I got that buzz buzz buzz...
Yea but I dont want to go
Congratulations to and !
You've each won 1 free fullday registration to the Phorum12 Cloud Conference!
DM us.
: MondayMood check in time.
What's your b mood?
Mine: b open!
Down Town Milwaukee is going to be Crazy tonight.
Bucks game  7:30  UWM Panthers game  7:00.
Be there!
Its the three amigoooss c:
Learn how to develop a personal image  brand that gets you noticed, respected  hired with
Just remembered I saw crying last night out of excitement!
It's a gorgeous day outside Come on in for a juicy B burger or a pastry.
Warm up with some hot cider or have a couple of cookies!
Proceeds go to fat kids but not fat in the cute way like that fat kid on modern family
It looks so different with all 7 of them :
And just that quick, I've been inspired
Determined to finish this movie, but it's taking some work
I like my meat smoked over 12 hours
we will see you at 4:30 today!!
Gotta show support to our clients!
I should've cheated on you
I get that way with Suicidal Tendencies Lights Camera Revolution album.
Goose Island 312 with lunch.

Tweeted the night was doctorfted that he'd be starter by 2013 season.
Zero faith in Matt Flynn as a starter.
Medical professorssional Tablets are on Spring Deals Sale, customize it!
Happy Day!
LPmister
I need to Dm you Mister
thanks pops!
your moms in the back ground of the picture I just tweeted with Taylor 
Jäger bombs and champagne with
I need to visit Finland ASAP...
I need to meet Ville Valo and 3
Corpus Christi's own.
RT : Kuchar 2shot lead w 4 to play.
Last to 17th in lead and go in water to lose: Phil Blackmar in 91
I want some fries
maaannnn i got 69 TWEETS
Appreciate the follow
South park....
Shit just got real on a boat wtf?
o that's another country
she did?
hearing some of this makes me glad I never read boards or stuff for other shows
man you would look good in that uniform with Kentucky across the front..
Go Big Blue!!
I love this!
Congrats !!
MT I won Pulitzer, photo award in BREAKING NEWS photography thax to all friends sending this news :
Love finding a small church when I'm out of town!
Alright, it's that time again!
Next 15 followers, we're following you back!
Call us stalkers, we don't care.
RT!
everyone play me in doctorw something right meow.
my username is kind of hard to guess so i'll just tell you what it is.
its asgriffin.
Michael May39;s Adventureblog: Land of the Lost episode guide
JUST GOT MY PHONE BACK!
:D
wowthat one is so much more cohesive and epic.
Ready to see the fam.
Plz let All go well.
I'm waiting for banks to start charging for suckers.
All good names except for Figures.
Too vague.
Impossible to google search.
Brain Heatfun.
Horse Warscool.
Bohrgrown up
Hell yeah!
He gone kill the game.
true for all labor of love passions!
But between you  me, I'm glad one of mine is cycling.....
3
When coding, it's easier to find an answer than to ask a GOOD question.
No idea why stack overflow even exists.
I was thinking the same thing
thank you very much!
Looking forward to it!
RT : Gearing up for a week of house guests, of various and assorted flavors.
Can't wait!
Runnin' Rebels depth allows them to answer runs.
If I had anything to do with watching over Bobbi Kristina,she wouldn't be seeing Bobbi Brown father or no father,he is some kind of low life
I said no.
Don't do it!!!!!
Your my favorite youtuber
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
that only apply if the thermostat is at 70 or less and they want to make the office colder
Finally finished two excellent books!
Thanks and for your gems.
Well worth my time  money.
Nuff Said!
WAHHH i miss u :
im good bro, thanks
a tweet from ?
ha, a girl can doctoram ;
thanks....
Hopefully soon
Did newt just refer to same sex couples as friends????
Daily Tip: Walk facing traffic so you can see approaching cars.
That is great!
Make sure you stop by the booth and introduce yourself.
thanks Back at cha!
Wow...gettin cold out there!
Stop by the shop to winterize your vehicle!!!!!!
Anytime!
It was a blast  Love !
A NIGGA NEVA GAVE ME SHYT I DID IT ON MY OWN
We did it 1996!
graduating..
Love you all!
see you soon.
Great conference so far!
J'aime big butts is all I know and I doubt I spelled that right
Lmao ok lets start trade rumors and whoever we name will hae a hatty.
: thanks for coming to visit!
OH: Maybe I shouldn't hit on the general counsel.
Damn, so if you cant 100 go when should we kick it?
Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned.
Charles W.
Chesnutt
There was jus a dance crew on americas got talent that's from ur home town!
:
Nyc with grams today :
nope its diamonds
There just comes a time in life where you don't care about what others think anymore
ha ha I'm pumped should be good ;
i woke up at 10am and was like i'll sleep a little more then i woke up at 2pm!!!
ugh.
that better be behind home plate..lol You can get in coors field for a Rockies game for 4 at the door
Gratz to choral conductor for winning a MacArthur grant.
We think you're a genius, too!
Good freaking morning everyone :
I ain't staying here for lunch I'm outies!
:D
Has found the joy again!!!
Pay attention to high fiber, low saturated fat, no trans fats, low refined carbohydoctortes and whole grains
: We're looking for a lead designer to join our team and become part of the movement.
Know someone?
Gonna go shopping 2day:
Sadly we can't do int'l giveaways but if you want I can email you more about what we're doing in case you still want to join.
RT Searching far and wide for analyticsuperheroes, something tells me they are among us 
The day after is here.
Time to prepare for the new year.
What is everyone doing for NYE?
Plotting and scheming..
You're welcome : thanks for the follow back :
Whitney Houston reflected our own beauty, tenderness, joy.
It's shining, singing and smiling.
The Spirit of creativity lives!
.!
HIP HOP...CUMBIA BACHATA...2 doctorNKS...FREE PARKING...GMIX LADIES SHAKING IT ...SATURDAY MATRIX WWW.G1PARTY.COM
with yeah ha in flex
You can't leave Iguodala there, Omer.
What else does rhubarb go with, besides strawberries?
I can appreciate A starter getting some work in, but not at the expensive of the team.
That was an AJ type of outing for Kuroda
Look who's smiling now.
Remember when you said what's the worst thing that could happen?
Well it's happening to you, right fucking now.
work.
from.
home.
FYI, we are open tomorrow from 103 but closed on Sunday and Monday for New Year's and storewide inventory.
It took this long for the Celts to dump J.
O'Neil?
About damn time!
Don't let the sadness from the past or the fear of the future rob the happiness of the present..
If only it was that easy.
Telling other countries what government to have isn't freedom.
It's tyranny.
Thanks for talking though.
No don't do this to me!
Yum
MT Robert Whitley: Wine  Dine Radio launches on KFSD 1140AM in San Diego Saturday, March 10.
12 pm
Aw i love Brazil :
I mean, it was pretty underground.
;
We party for a living 
I got confused my bad I thought u were him sorry
Oh boo!
My bad!
Just got excited...
RT : Shhhhh...
Don't jinx them.
followfollowfollowfollow follow the yellow brick road.
it's a perfect day It will be!
RT : shopping then dining in Georgetown!
should be fun.
Hi GigiLuving your professorle pic.
You look amazing.
Hot Hot
talking about building ecommerce as a framework to build commerce with rather than an application at
anyone know of a new fun group game?
E.
Who cares.
don't throw beef at me lol you don't wnna be like me
Not sure if this is the right Wendy, but if you're the one who posted the How To video for PowerPoint, I am in your debt.
I'm leaning towards it too.
I'd rather have time to do it right instead of halfassing it and favoring an asyetanomalous Cap
Come down to the Actors Comedy Studio for a free class audit and check out our teen improv class
that's my kind of mothers day!
Lol
doctorw Bledsoe has a ring.
Haha.
this film is going to be EPIC!
Follow me on twitter whats your twitter?
...
I got nothing.
Seriously, am speechless that they'd write that.
Not sure that was a hockey game but it did appeal to the :Neanderthal in me GO FLYERS
I'm Back and I'm proud
I'm convinced Indiana was the secondbest team this year.
No one else has been able to hang with Kentucky quite like them..
twice.
For instance?
RT Great discussion around the generational divide at
SIGMAS N CIGARS N Godfather Night COMING UP ON Thursday, Aug 26th.
CELEBRATING THE BROTHERHOOD OF BOTH...
Jhu is having a happy hour tonight.
Ill probably go for an hour and leave about 630 or 7.
Cause I Am His Master MWUAHAHA :D
me too!
Long overdue: x
Kiss it...
Apologize lol southPark reference raw :p
Garlic fries to the rescue!
Love is in the air RT if u have or don't have a valentine this year!
RT : Youve got to get to the stage in life where going for it is more important than winning or losing.
: Just saying, maybe get specific in criticism, using 'Hollywood' is too broad and includes many who don't deserve to be.
lol i know right!
: i like how she goes and run to them to theeeeemm lol
today is New Releases From Netflix: Mother's Day from Netflix New Releases This Week
dont let other people's ignorance get you down!
you have my support :D
finally fixed all of my own many broken websites.
Regex Source Matcher 80app now supports group matching in the regular expression
Talking to you makes my day 3
I love that my Star Trek references are understood and appreciated at work.
and the problem is doctorwing folks in as well
follow me ill follow back
i need to go tanning!, getting so pale!
Even Old New York was once New AmsterdamWhy they changed it I can't say, people just liked it better that way.
Don't know if ya heard, working on a full house for the Art Bar show in MKE on 10/15!
Hope ya like mustaches and comedy...
nice!
Can't wait!
When do we get to preview and buy track?!?
Its crazy how on really bad days, your tweets pull me through it :
ToMuchMakeUp It looks like your makeup was put on by a bunch of fouryearolds learning how to finger paint.

RETWEET if you have less than 10,000 followers!
Follow  and she will get you up there instantly
Have a safe flight buddy!
but who will protect Newt?
Just getting started.
WE appreciate everyone else's hard work that has made this initiative possible.
I love shopping and music so much!!
:
The lake house?
It's been gone three hurricanes over.
damn.
Was looking for an adventure.
...
there has been too much negativity in my life.
none of it is coming into my new life.
Thanks for the mention.
three day weekend!
On the Believe tour, Justin should take a mom  her daughter on stage they can sing Turn To You to the mom :'
lady saw big inno
Psh!
You crazy!!'
well I'm glad you support my name change.
It was between that and Muhammad.
i have been with my bf for nearly 2 years now living together for 1 1/2 years
Stowe Boyd at dinner says he is wakazoid
off to watch some tv, before turning in...nite all
Aww man my hair is so bed headluxurious right now but I gotta go gym the crap out of it.
:x
aw that sucks  if you go back, it's a must do RT I wanted to do that in South Africa!
But weather was too crappy
uggghhh moving this weekend..
SO MUCH TO DO!!
GIVE  it shall be given to you!
Be a giver...GIVE your time, talent  treasure....
Checking the BET awards show TI and Young Jezzy performance off the chain.
Mike Epps hosting busta takes home the first award of the show :
Vincent IT has expertise in providing solution in mobile application , Web , Database , SEO, Design , CMS etc.
Our solutions are exclaimed 
Just bought The Band's greatest hits for 1.99!
Awesomeness
Shes being nice now : thank you lord
professorssor Nuts, Charlie Chaplin, King Yellowman, Marcia Griffiths, Freddie McGregor,
Previous tweet riddled with typos.
Wasn't focused.
Let's try again...
looking forward to training at KMDC, 6 weeks is a long time to be out
HHV Solar Technologies come up with portable solar power generator  Power Engineering Magazine
's Bar havin a Blue Moon
SheWontTakeYouSeriousIf YOU CALL HER BAE OR BOO
u've got 2c this amazing cell phone video of a stranger rescuing a doctorwning man in pdx.
Hear from the rescuer min away
I'm loving how ESPN's Bracket app keeps throwing factoids about how rare the 15 over 2 win is.
Because it doesn't hurt enough yet.
I just found out today.
Wonder if School Center webpage can be used as a Moodle?
: Oh no!
Will you have your friend email the details to ?
We'd like to see if we can help
Am I better off a quitter?
Nice uniforms Oregon!
we are happy to have you Alex!
what??
where?!
Kiss me and you will see stars; love me and I will give them to you.
Is anyone familiar with the All Indie Music Awards held in Los Angeles?
Vinny My Homework
haha.
ok i'll give u that....
BUT I LUV HIM MORE!!!!!
I hate working on clandestine badass stuff...
I want to shhhhaaaareeee!
Isn't that what social media is for?
That would be...amazing.
Mark Wahlberg should do more comedy.
I loved him in The Other Guys!
Meanwhile, there are some spooky looking films coming out!
:D
There's just something about kpop that gets the juices flowing..
Happy birthday to my boy can't believe your a month older ;
It is awesome to have back in the WWE ring :
unfortunately, it's people I know.
You do whatever makes you happy!
Its your life :D
another week in fantasyfootball is over  the legends were respectable.dont forget sign up this week 2 maybe win a sportsauthority card
Revisiting your 'On My Way Here' album today; it's fantastic.
Great songs  soaring vocals.
Don't just burn the bridge; blow it up.
You can't go back.
the only person i would love to meet is aaliyah.
On the bus ready to go.
This will be a good test for us.
i am going to bed yay
accepted ya :
Thank you to everyone who attended last night's happy hour.
We appreciate your support and contributions!
can you please follow me?
Haha, I knew you would RT the Dirk Hipster tweet
RT Crayons are a lot like MM's.
All the colors taste the same.
radio providing a pretty sweet Sea Isle beach soundtrack
when will I see you again?..when will we share precious moments...lol...follow me KC
has great news: LINE PRODUCER Celina Reising has joined the family!
May newsletter w/ more deets coming soon!
Bought an Erector 1 model set this weekend, and broke it on step 2.
Just not the same.
Any good resources for old erector sets?
SignsYouPissedSomebodyOff When u wake up on the floor with bruises
Why not celebrate with some American wine?
what the heck happened to you Saturday!
were you at the rossmorganrager ?
i knew it.
Sad to hear of Steve Jobs passing.
A true innovator in every line of technology, including some of the ways we make music.
You too, love!
planning our wrap party now  play  work
50 Cent StreetKing....
Let's support 50.
By helping 50Cent feed hungry kids!!:
RT : Your best?
That was so last year.
We need you
Man, some of y'all stalk celebrities!
Mentioning them in every post kinda makes u look like a
Amen Oh and good morning
its2012whyyoustill ask for likes on your pictures ?
RT : Purpose Taking a few breaths, consider your goals for the day.
What is moving you towards them?
What is moving you...
Happy Birthday to the one and only diplomat/Mom/amiga extraordinaire.
Movies tomorrow
The author is Michael Shaara.
His son Jeff wrote a prequel  sequel, neither of which I've read.
is Beyond SEXY
I had Diaz winning rounds 1, 2 and 5....two of those judges are crooked!
Ow throat go suck a dick.
great time at cherryblossom festival taking photos But it's not hard 2 take good pics of 1 of the most beautiful things I've ever seen
Today I challenge you to be the best you that you can possibly be, because no one can be you better than you can!
KnowYourselfLoveYourself
At So Fla Interactive Mktg Assn Going Local with Yelp event
it was this morning : 
bitch im talkin ca ca ca ca ammo..
ca ca ca bliaat..
whatever kendoctorcks sayin is crzy..
such a genius flow
Milwaukee this weekend!?!?!!?
I'm faded
Thank you for serving me a glass of Pinot Noir when I asked for a Barbera.
Now, may I have my glass of Barbera?
:
Nobody ever gives me envelopes full of cash.
:
Just saw a church sign that said souled out!!!
Haha
haha Idc where we go .
But like are you guys riding rides?
That last rt
Both of my daughters are adults now.
Can't believe how crazy it feels to type that.
Yes!
always negative pessimist : Some people are only happy...when they're UNhappy...just LOVE to stay angry/annoyed/upset
Happy birthday to my little neice jaiya  3 love you so much
Nor can I.
: follow me dude No
Reading The Science Times Book of Archaeology edited by Nicholas Wade
Go Green.
Score for the day.
Green 1  Blue 0.
Gabe was a great booker, and knows what the fans want.
When they let him go it did went downhill.
you are the best!!!
Thank you very much...
: I appreciate the work you doing.
Thank you!
FF inhouse
Attended a great seminar by at BizExpo today!
He know his
Still trying to give away your dogfood I see, stop SPAMMING ME!
then you suck.
Something I want to do before I die.
Alligator hunting.
Lol
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy .
'd She Teamfolloowback x3
Studies indicate that the best time to do social media for exposure is in the morning ...
which begs the question: Why are we here now?
Went shopping n got a massage...
been spoiling myself a lil lately
Yay is presenting while recovers.
Feel better!
I may have listened to that several times in a row recently.
Have a great day, the art competition will begin this coming week.
Still walking.
new york to do a radio interview to get the movie out.
but I just got the news so I'm like freaking out :
haha April fools!
what's up :p
Adored cranky Maurice Sendak on tonight  he was the opposite of supremely ordinary.
Please make him a regular!
On the scanner: The pit bull has decided she wants to be in custody.
She's comfortable in my backseat.
just like there is no sex in the champagne room
YES!!
More pressure.
More goals.
Keep pushing.
Finish them.
Whoa...
what the heck is that.
Sounds like something I'd be afraid to fully understand...
LOL.
Saw a girl that looked just like liked Warhorse.
Forced break from running.
Pulled a calf muscle on the trail last night.
I told a joke tonight about , now I'm home doctornking her smoothie mix.
ImAHypocrite It's delicious...
I may or may not be going to see him with BTR thus summer...
XD
thanks for stopping in, we love having you guys!
I love chocolate peanut butter gelato  YUM  how about we don't put that in the case to sell and keep it all for me?
Going crazy !
So much cute stuff for spring.
Loving the bright colors!!
if her timeline starts looking similar to Canseco's then may God help us all
I have that feeling too
Back pain hyperbole.
bytch u was posta call me back
Makayla: we need to start pullin my moms pants down.
:p
Doo just told his dad, I'm too smart to be canadian.
I love it!!
One day the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful.
oh yea, because tosh is always scary.
i think the old lady with saggy boobs was pretty scary.
to think that will be me on day...
People with good grammar 
Busy preparing for new board member orientation.
UV, xrays, infrared, and some wicked snacks this evening.
Pulling out all the stops!
Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company
Where'd did my happiness go?
Ayyyyyeeee!
Pop bottles!
RT : DONE WITH COLLEGE BITCHES!!!!!!!!!
You were our 2000th follower a while back.
Did you ever get that hickie we promised?
I've been wondering if anyone's still doing libcodeyear.
I fell off the wagon in Week 7, but hope to get back on.
Tunisia: Cultural ethnic and religious values cannot be dismissed by the words in this document
I want this all on video, miss up and coming multimedia diva.
Proud to have taken out my candidacy papers for sdcd7.
Time to collect signatures.
Your So Pretty!3
just a block away.
Into the Robs Building
Best biz advice: Plan a lifestyle and then plan your business...Thanks to our fabulous husbands for supporting our ideas and our business!
i thought mother's day was this sunday
NowPlaying Pretty Wings  Maxwell .
Did you know, our partners in retail, taverns, restaurants and other shopsmall businesses have RTSDeals that are Better than Good!
A baby is God's opinion that life should go on.
I went to St.
Tim's Middle School in W.
Htfd; their gym had a whole series showing Jesus playing difft sports
i'm sure big foot got hoes.
I honestly have the best boyfriend ever .
: 
To all you bitches with my name in your mouth, do what you do best  swallow it.
we should do an AfroSpear Blogging Against New Shoes Until Obama Wins.
Athletics 3 basketball!
aha i remember :
BUZZ CUT or COMBOVER?
NO ONE Can Ever Tell On A Combover!
Just Ask Any Fella That Has One!
Where's Them Clippers?!?
;
Five Guys and Orange Leaf with my sister!
Happy Monday everyone.
Still tired from 4 photo shoot yesterday but still going.
yup, screen is cracked
We just hosted a great workshop on visual storytelling with Thanks to Marshall and for making it happen!
Glad to have discovered mine is a life of many questions, few answers, and love for the mystery that lives in between the two
Thanks for the retweet
harlem postnatal yoga NEW CLASS just added.
Mondays 1112!
Starting one week from today.
I do think it was a story.
Would I call it 'very important'?
No.
Worthwhile?
Yes.
he got pizza AND hot dog!
He's probably gonna be a fatty too....
I emailed you about this...
Love never fails I am behind and in their new marriage.
They are a cute loving couple.
xoxo
Seen from the sickbed: rushing river, budding tulip tree, green grass, gray clouds, tootsie roll.
ICantStandPeople who lead you on and then disappear outta no where 
Til death do we party, with the music I die.
NICE ny logo !!!
Thanks Jake!
Hope you're enjoying your new gig!
Starring in my own personal remake of Dude, Where's My Car right now.
Like the original, this version is also not funny.
just on the bob and dan show..
1310 the ticket
Today's Insane Daily Deal  .99 for a 4pack of Bagels Forever Bagels!!!
To receive coupon code email !
2nd we look it over and determine if its worth sharing.
note that we wont be sharing videos of the main utube page.we want undiscoveredoctoral
La Dispute and Defeater is next Tuesday.
BTBAM and Job For A Cowboy is next Wednesday.
Minerva is August 6.
Who's stoked right now?
hey there
hahah james bond ;
oh he'll no!!
Take that back!!!
Lol were some scrubs
should have a phone soon hopefully!
Thanks, !
And, of course, you're an edureporter that rocks!
People who get things done in this world dont wait for the spirit to move them; they move the spirit.
Action must precede action.
I can't wait to leave this town
The guy you still hang out with and kiss and hug and say I love you even though he's kinda with someone else !
Lol
DontBeScared to dissapoint someone if theyre real they'll love you no matter what
RT : Back in the states and looking forward to working with this week !
Back to Canada next week.
Both houses passed a bill, the Comprehensive Child Care Act of '71vetoed.
USA wastes  with multiple funding streams that fail to do same.
I know, right?!
HAHAHA.
fuck it.
oh you will be fine.
If you have any questions let me know.
Btw we are imperial on that server.
this bitch on the show never died and seen Jesus.
Im calling the show to troll her.
Tomorrow is Gov.
Conspiracy show on C2C!
Happy New Years
We have won.
Stoked on life!
All I can think of to write are cliches and double entendoctors.
It takes time to feel better be patient there done that I get it!
Ok, let's all retweet;
no problem.I'll be there :
Is that Lake Anne in Reston?
I spent a ton of time there as a kid.
That's awesome.
just wrote 700 too many words for one essay, and can't even think of 1 word to begin my next.
I am, indeed, riding that
: I don't think I could ever become vegan.
Duck Tape is just too useful.
HAHAHAHAHA
Seven more NMAA State Basketball games in The Pit today!
Congratulations to the teams who have made it to the championship finals!
Working on Nono postproduction, and In grave danger of secondguessing myself into oblivion.
Perspective, perspective, perspective.
i did ask a lot of people if they needed help.
Outcomes: weird looks, giving directions, or saying no i dont have fake IDs
Living on Earth is expensive, but it does include a free trip around the sun....
:D
big ups to the nigga murkin out here
nope, you get what you get, though I suppose you could limit the quantity of every prize/reward
: nice information
Umm...
Gross, Minty  Across the board.
Xcode 4 Tip: To create a new file, simply choose File  New  New File.
It's like a palindoctorme!
Lost with best friend somewhere in David this is what happens when we get out the kitchenme everytime
Your mom  Please pray 4 she is a lost soul!
ncvs  already a member FYI LOL
there was no dialogue.
And what was there was terrible.
Protests on May 1, closed off major streets in Madoctord.
Police and security everywhere.
Foreigners who work in Spain, say there are jobs.
Boehner!
If u object 2 something ON the list, say so.
If u object to his HAVING a list, there's no hope for u....
What made you decide Nook vs.
Kindle?
Just wait till she turns 3...and so on.
Some scone called us and asked if we could call 2012 The Year of Waffles and Scones.
Like thatll happen.
We hung up.
Stupid scone.
Hard loss fr the IUBB.
Just have to get ready for NCAA Tourney!!!
I advise you all to think wisely about buying this facebook stock.
Facebook is too close to being over.
You won't get rich off it.
: Why don't you try to get a job at a summer camp?
Oh yea...you can't pass a doctorg test.
Smh.
I need to take a shower.
I have to bow out today.
But enjoy!
So inspired by CLA award winners
everyone keeps talking about it.
im going to have to listen.
.
You were the highlight of mine!
's sandwich: close second.
Dear Valentine
I HATE WEDNESDAYS!!!
No free time for me today 
We feel pretty lucky!
On my way to Tyler to go freakin prom shopping
Lots of people like to be woken up with sex, just maybe introduce yourself beforehand
Another amazing Salsa Wednesdays here at Library ABQ!
I can from this phone but I already told u that when I get home I will n that's KC or TX I love kc
You and me both!!!
Go Ron Paul!
You can judge me for seeing this movie but actually you can't because of the people in it.
Good try though.
There have been a LOT of missed clutch free throws this season.
Cyber bullying is violent.
Trust me.
You just can't see the cuts and bruises as easily.
wasn't it 80 last week??
It's global freezing!
we need a in or any video game developers.
Good look fam.
U work tm?
I LOVED Punky Brewster when I was a kid :

Hope niggas don't bullshit with the suite !
Classically appropriate  radio playing The Doors Waiting for the Sun as I doctorve down foggy PCH from Malibu to LA.
We had a great time.
This is great.
Thanks!
How else have you found your way to good educator resources on Twitter?
Haha Paris?!
I'm a little jealous!
If you make it over here I'll tell you where to go!
Let's switch places!
:D
Will try it.
Hope it's easier to hike than it is to spell...
cant make heads or tails of native american historiography nor can I figure out why I really need to know this except to pass a comp exam
The Finance Centres of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and of Casablanca Sign a Partnership Agreement in the Financial ...
foodphotography and decor tonight for the crew.
hahaha well at least you didnt have 4 kids
can't wait to see in glasses ; Lmao
Coming soon to a record store near you.
doctor John's new CD got good reviews in Rolling Stone.
Check it out!
I just download a sex position app LOL
Working...
working...
working..
working.
uugh it never ends!!!
i tweeted about me scaring people and then i said ask you cause of lucas.
COME ON RAVENS!!!!
We're touting thatcamp games, but will also search thatcampgames.
The former lets us add to the general thatcamp feed.
duh!!
That's why I love Easter..eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs eggs.
Have you forgotten all about a member of your family who's in prison?
Thank about it.
This one's for you
Couldn't sleep, so it turns out I'm getting some pages down today after all.
Great work Alex!
I hate having Asian parents.
Worrying is stupid Its like walking around with an umbrella waiting for it too rain..3
I feel like I need some new friends  like ones that actually care about me
Though today I share this with you in memory of all and yet to be remember as heros of us all as memories their selves to be remembered the
Transparent Corp  Transparent is the premier developer of neural stimulation, mental training and biofeedback software.
Transparent...
Cdn perception is cacheable content equals video.
Reality, there's a lot of software downloads/patches
TOTALLY GOING TO WHEN IM NOT ON LOCKUP OKAY?!!!
I like GifBoom 
all done with that lesson .
Yeah I mean almost all states have accents
its not lol 20 percent is, rest is marketing popularity and who has the right make america love us attitude and frontin etc.
I must be sticky cuz everyone got they eyes glued
I miss the days where we'd throw the football around or play basketball.
You'd always win, you'd never let me win.
EmmyChicago RT : Getting all dolled up for Emmy Awards tonight.
Is there a hashtag for the event?
Playstation 4 comes out in like December
Isn't it past your bedtime?
Party will be 80s themed!
We will have prizes for best doctorssed and Philadelphia Phillies ticket raffle.
up now!
holy fuck yes they are :o 
Three Areas Samsung Will Focus On To Avoid Smartphone Complacency
thinking about you.
Hoping for positive results on Monday.
Watched your XLV Pick 6 this morning.
BLESS!
Shout out to all the pretty light skin girls who gonna age poorly in a couple of years
No greater purpose than glorifying God and his only Son Jesus Christ for us in this life.
He is worthy to be glorified!!!
Amen
where did you start the journey?
hahahahaha....
me too.
happy holidays Jenn.
Niggas give me pound ima trending topic
I 3 NYC and have trip planned for Sept!
C'mon Brew Crew!!
Duck Nachos!
Get here!
lol.
Me n Jake have had one too many doctornks.
Damm have not had sex in a year and 3 months or i think more
I took the boat in Niagara Falls and was totally soaked ioi !!
hahaha But, It was amazing : 
Soo after being at skateland for a few hours my knees look like ive been non stop sucking dick for weeks
thank u : i hope so
When is your next show on, and what will it be about?
Just got done playin soccer with my boos.
Gotta nice tan too :
formatting citations is my kryptonite.
srsly.
MT : RT : .
I'm following how the defunded WHP and now is trying to blame the Obama administration
Great AGT intro with HowardonOnAGT.
Very excited to watch!
dm What would it take to add a high energy innovative entrepreneur to the consortium?
I have way to much homework :/
What's was your workout for yesterday?
Intervals for me  www.tinyurl.com/interval2day Today will probably be hills.
Fluff Bar 1516 Wazee is hosting Dont Be Blue TCC benefit on 1/19 at 6pm in honor of the blue ribbons supporting child abuse prevention.
Sometimes its hard to follow your heart..
You are large.
Get your large friends to RT GOGOPHERS  our cheer squad will yell for them in the oldspiceclassic finals.
I just realized that when I was deep cleaning yesterday, I accidently threw away Briggs' first tooth that he lost.
I'm a sad momma :
I do!
: Anybody wanna play 21 Questions?
Believe me, there are no clandestine conspiracies among dealers to do anything other than serve the public
Q: what return has seen from marchmadness?
Get your cakes, cookies and pastries for your New Year's Eve celebration  Firehook Bakery  Coffee House!
Good morning fans
Four days in using Windows 8 100 and now I'm trying to touch the screen on my MBP.
I've stopped using the mouse on the Windows machine.
Now we are connected partner.
I can't believe all this time we weren't twitter friends.
Damn Gina!
Bummed about a big press piece that didn't pan out.
Not a great way to kick off the Christmas holiday.
Going to read I'd Rather Be in Charge for the book club..next week I will be all caught up!
Rocking out on guitar, then doctorpping your pick.
D;
Battleship was better when it was called Transformers.
11 days baby!!!!
Left lane fast lane, right lane slow lane.
Easy concept right?
Not for most...
you can change the style for all data  and you can change the Icon based on a value.
but not yet color by category value
Starting the New Year at 56 years old with lots of ones11111.
Yes indeed, I'll be roaming around the exhibit hall and attending some sessions as well.
First timer here!
will me and u ever be a thing?
I know I've asked this but I need 2 know the full truth
Invigilating.
Again.
Gotta love TEDx events, so inspiring!
And nice to be able to go back to via archives.
Look fwd to TEDxRainier
Hey ESPN, nobody gives a shit about Parcels.
Get him off NFL Countdown!!!!
FOLLOW Hot NEW ATLANTA Artist of
thank you!
Hi Nice article!
Do you think technology is an essential tool for learning?
ha same here: small world lol
Finally got the GTR Skyline in underground...yuhhh
Back to life, back to reality.
Super Bowl over and snow gone!
Dallas is getting back to normal.
Now ready for San Anotonio
towards the end of the month most likely
Bummed I had to cut my workout short cuz they thought there was an electrical fire at the Y : gonna get the rest after work I guess
Wishing a very happy birthday to !!
Wild Boar Bratwurst today!
Also triple chocolate brownies
Hey guys  you should FF  his tweets are really funny AND it's his birthday.
All the cool kids are doing it.
almost lost my mind when I heard the new john mayer song sound exactly like bob segers mainstreet
Thanks for the follow!
:D And yeah..
nothing else but watermelon :
All this inside talk is making me nervous.
your just mad.
ok, that's fine.
I don't care if you read what I write!
Yo when was that?!
Phone lines back in working order.
Thank you for your patience!
Tonights gonna be a good night!
But tomorrow even better when my best friend comes
a couple of questionable moves by Matheny tonight.
What's your favorite Virginia wine?
FF Lovely stores to follow:
How is it?
RT : Reading Everything as a Service by sbj01 great stuff!
Instead of morning coffee, why not start your Friday off right with some yoga here at the library?
Our yoga group meets every Friday at 9am.
out of curiosity, has there always been an oscars doctornking game/doctornk?
One more mom quote from yesterday: Kermit was always very wise
DC is good.
G lost first tooth, can bike to work, I'm still beardless.
How's Recordoctorvolution?
I WISH TO INTRODUCE OUR 100 LEGAL FORMS BOOK SERIES NOW BEING SOLD ON AMAZON.COM
my favorite afternoon pickmeup: doctornking this morning's coffee, cold,  eating chocolate
Awww, Bailey.
Say hey to Rachel and Adam for me!
It's not actually Friday but ICDS students only have class MonThurs, so kind of!
FF DePaul colleagues and
:DON'T FORGET TO WRITEIN HAROLD MILLER FOR SAN FRANCISCO MAYOR...
big fan of the better block program.
congrats on getting it started in okc.
Yes, you'll come up with the new 'witch house' or 'maximalist nation' and be either a laughing stock or a tastemaker.
Sip RT'd a follower that ripped Lee B.
The tweet basically praised Sip for going after Lee on his column on the other NU offers
its way lamer
we should get some v.s.
girls together.
it'll be a low key night.
i rep gang heartbreak nation hippies conquer
Join us live every Wed.
FREE Upcoming University Classes  www.smartguy.com/index.asp?id589cSmartGuyUniversity
I delight in making purposeful referrals and resource coordination.
I'll scout for YOU...what do you need next?
Blessings to you and your
hey zz...
How u been
Agreed!
Just have to figure out how to fund moretennislessons : 
come we are waiting for a table right now
You can be, do and have anything you want, but not if you spend your time wondering if you're doing it.
J.Sewell Perkins
Trying to be quiet and failing epically...this wrapper just makes too much damn noise..XD
Man I tell you , y'all should've seen how was TEARING UP this damn fruit just now lmao !
Am I the only baseball fan who didn't know that Super 2 rules got changed w/the new CBA, so June callups won't come until late June?
its always so hard to wake up .
just read your book in the guise of a final paper...you would get an A, the student however....
Massive lightening in Gastonia.
and not in the fun, sexy True Blood way either....
Oh I wish.
Have a good time for me!
Just booked a ticket to London with !
Will meet fellow blogger there!
:D
I'm getting points all over the board...jennings, nelson, doctorver, and rodgers...just need finley to get it in
arlington in the hizzouse!
I knew that today brings the return of baseball and I care about baseball.
Listening now to Tosca opera singers at a dinner party after Lady gaga and Katy perry onlyinnewyork kids!
be sure to go past her and turn around.
you get to see the whole process.
there was a pretty big chasm in the sidewalk.
So far of 10 speakers 8 favor single class
I don't tweet alot anymore.
D: Someone talk to me.?!
please.
no, europeans..
well i guess they are our ancestors too..
Power is on!
: This game gettin away from Utah...it's not how u start, but how U FINISH, young squad...
experience over youth
Malbec To The Future
The Imaginary Band hits East Rochester Friday night!
March 4th to Village Rock Classic Rock favorites including Fleetwood Mac
omg that's so sadd
Btw, which Republic do you have?
You do not have to call people slaves to own them.
Americans are slaves to a system they do not want, forced to serve corporate masters.
Gotta close shop sometime!
Hope you had a good time with us last night!
ready to go to sleep.
i picked the fine time to stand up
We just got in some bags and coin purses!
Come in and check them out today!
At the Univ of KY preparing to hear Nikky Finney read from her Natl Book Award winning Head Off and Split
Busy day at our APAAM12 booth in Philly!
,  will sign copies of Shrink Rap at 121 pm.
yes please do
i need to do a stupid ass essay.
i'm coming from my other account.
tweet me there
It don't take a lot of back talk to push me
Could be fun, keep me updated
way to rock out to !
Love to see the love for Cage.
They so rock!!
Thanks for the support!
Nobody can fuck with my fire background
I miss you too!!!
How's atl?
Cissy Houston was a disco diva!!!
Yes!!!!!
Sweet freedom..last final done and over with now summer vacation at last
yeah, but negative writing can cause legal headaches
I'm not close to getting married but download your beta anyway ;
I didn't take any pics or videos because it was so sad.
But others did which I'm sure will soon be on youtube
well in the words of Damon Salvatore, Dick move.
We're gonna miss you!
:
danielle likes girls
Silian Rail up next  Chop Suey
Glad you made it to see
oh my God maybe I forgot since I don't care.
happyEndings is in fall anyway.
haha that is lovely
I either work in a kennel or a construction site...
but rarely an office
Happy Valentines Day to all the couples and if you're single then Happy Tuesday!
i hate you , twitter
At the end of the 1st period the Wranglers lead the Everblades by a score of 20
I like the way you think!
Haah!
That picture made my day.
:
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?: 13
Look at the moon, man.
Oh, hell yeah!!
Do you miss Austin?
I have it recorded!!!!
And the BizzyTour hashtag lives again!
Follow 's  's roadtrip journey in Portland and Seattle today and tomorrow.
ots of new hires?
Yesterday I got cursed out by an angry citizen.
Ugh.
I was so glad to go home.
Today has to be better ;
It's 6am I think it's time for some sleep.
: busy day ahead of me later today.
If Clark K.
says pumpkin 5 times ...
Kansas wins.
Camps looking for US staff...contact us.
We can help.
Try Gospel.
Rocks way harder.
mission accomplished.
Our judgments of others Keep Us separate where no one can Touch Us Shielded from Our Pain JZ
Shorter : Minimum wage workers are actually fat cats.
so much more easy or so much easier grammarpolice ;
What do you think about the read and react offense?
Still got love for
hi!
you should totally shout us out!
thanks.
It works both ways.
Me: I wanna do you so bad right now.
Her: What?!!!!
Me: Damn autocorrect, I meant Hey
RT : Some good folks at
would it have been easier to doctorve up their delivery doctorvers be bullshittin
Packed house in the Secrets of Facilitation session
Today you are You, that is truer than true.
There is no one alive who is Youer than You.
doctor Suess ......
Happy Birthday doctorSuess
hahah, the song is just everywhere!
Lmao
Great idea!
: RT Just did some bloodwork, now hitting up for some healthy eats.
Love the C R A P out him and show him Jesus by reflecting what God made you to be...a light.
Good to see Virginia as one of the top seven states to add the most private sector jobs,
That stupid moment when someone calls ur house and they ask where yu at?
oh yu know just  the park chillin with my house phone
Analysis: Mavericks brace for roster remake and rebirth  USA TODAY
Um, I need to watch Hugo
it was lame af anyways
We just upgraded our page to the new Facebook Timeline.
What do you think of it?
much love FAM !
: Great to have met in our hotel lobby!
ooh..
Which bank?
10thingsaboutmyself 7.
I'm halfblack.
I like McConaughey's movies so I want to see what he can do on the small screen.
Although I probably won't have time to watch it.
I'm hungry and bored .
Talk to me.
RT if u wait for Austin's Goodmorning tweet ::
Yu just gotta stop people feeding shit into your head.
jamming tonight!
I have a hot property for sale.
Will also look at a joint venture!
Makes good money very little debt!
Forever thankful to for introducing me to Katamari.
3
you look sexy when you don't look like a homeless pedophile.
yu get dat in ya email?
Happy to report that the MBW won the big game today.
So we play better when none of us can play ;  congrats!
American Idol with
Of course!
How are things in NY?
JakeFricksBigHead have you ever seen me wear a hat?
There's a reason.
.
Maybe heard the new gmail is ugly and really hard to read.
an omg moment in annapolis today...we discovered a sonic!
near dc!
stopping for a lemon berry slush.
AHA study: Health care could lose 194,000 jobs under trigger cuts.
But HHS says community health centers will create jobs.
So we're cool?
you are making me blush.
Thanks!
hahah she says you are to and thank you..
So you think she should???
:
why?
Can one mediocre performance cause such a thing?
Or did the pressure get to her?
Happy Happy Birthday my amazing son!!
mister Medicus at Pius HS RT : Who was your favorite teacher?
Everyone has one.
Who inspired you?
oh ok : and naw I'm a G I had to baby's no epidural I can take a needle no biggie LOL
What OL player college or pro did u pattern ur game after
I noticed all season long Finley was having issues with ARod passes this was not the 1st game I saw it.
hey stacey!
i want to hear abou the nutrition coaching!!!
youmightbeghettoif you are named after something that your parents always wanted but cant afford ie Mercedes, Lexus or Tiffany
Thanks for all the support RT : ; RT : S/O to Follow the YKMD Boss
bowwow follow me waz up in the big T
RT : 2012 USC Law Tax Institute: Now, Recent developments in Corporate Tax Planning; lunch keynote Selvi Stanislaus of CA...
This overtime is intense
RT :  NIGGA, if you ever cock your legs up to do anything, you GAY!
lol IJSWhat abt.all fours
Obviously Im a little behind on my DVR list but lmao..Hugh Hefner's had more believable relationships than that Armenian pig.
I don't care what any of you say, I still love my reds.
And zack cozart, is a beautiful man.
Five years ago today, my entire family saw me walk across the stage to get my college degree.
What an adventure since then!
I'm not watching the game but Indiana is a good team  Miami underestimated them
Ravens football hot steamed crabs and a great time watching practices sessions at MT Bank stadium
5 classes for 25 through May  the Red Hot Youpon os on!
If you're going through hell, keep going.
Winston Churchhill
so do you like keep track of these things?!
great to listen to some Jabee tonight!
Static Squared...!!
Playing the Val Air Ballroom tonight to benefit Creston after the tornado devastated the city.
Y'all better be there so we can raise some:
I have been kicked.
omg thats awesomee!
: but i dont know how she saw it i wasnt following her i didnt know she had twitter!
now im following her :
happy new year modasucka.
The mutombo is out in full effect tonight modasucka!!
move that couch over there...can you fluff the plants?
Congrats on being accepted to , !
We look forward to having you and all the newly admitted Bearcats!
are you guys sponsoring this year's ACL?
will I finally get a chance to hang out with you people?
TwSIG Conversation with Miles OBrien was reacting to the bemoaning low quality of science reporting in media.
And lets not forget about ASSdoctorbal Cabrera now!
nope not at all.
The problem with this mohawk cut is that I like naps, which means I have to reset my hur.
Hot look, but it won't last.
Trust.
Fast forward 100 years  read Beneath the Lion's Gaze by  an excellent novel of the Ethiopian revolution
Winning isn't everything, but wanting it is.
Arnold Palmer
praises to the most high
Wow, Fogarty just lost respect points.
Do not make my best friend cry because you're mad.
We've been screening Bully for a couple of months now.
The Director was here this past weekend to talk to the audiences too!
Good day!
It's 64 this morning in South Florida.
: Nice.
:
RT Thrilled to welcome new IBN member and author , feng shui and Smudge Spray from Nashville, TN.
Today we find out who will be occupying the Cowboys Stadium locker rooms Feb.
6 during Super Bowl XLV.
SPORTS!
hyfr lol!
: im at 1600 followers was gucci ;D
The trouble with not having a goal is that you can spend your life running up and down the field and never score.
Bill Copeland
I just want to thank all of my staff, the volunteers, the rules comm, and those that attended.
We will see you all tonight
a jets win wouldve put us in!
grrr gang green
Stop being a little bitch..JK :P RT I guess since is ignoring me like always, ill go to sleep
I think I could've done without the close up of the baby's butt?
my order number was 43209721 thx, erin
bedtime for me!
more like nap rlly..
be up at 530 or 6 to tweet some more

as an exIT guy, I hated that too.
About 510 of recruiters know what they are doing...and come on, convert a PDF already.
Just munched a '' road goodie worth 5 points!
Quote of the Day: He is your friend, your partner, your defender, your dog.
You are his life, his love, his leader.
via
Aw thank you homey.
Looking like heavy rain on my new side...can I get a hell yeah?
it's okay, i don't let alot of things bother me...
But im a great person to talk to if you need me
Humility is a wonderful quality...
We miss being on tour and on the road.
If we went on tour again, who would you want to see us with??
Im so fucking stupid sometimes...
Jeez.
I watch American Idol so I won't have to hear DMB songs.
Well, that's now ruined.
Boys either like yellas or dark skins, i dont ever see Teamisterdbone lol
RT : Any other ScriptFrenzy participants in DFW?
I'm waffling...
thinking of trying my hand at TV show scripts...
m, Kinda.
Not too much.
is it you?:
RT : POP Rocks!!!!
We believe in the arts, bigtime!
This year POPsters pledged 15k to  is matching....
Learning Latin, Dinousar language and Italian at
I love 's songs, specially 'Don't Catch That Plane, they're just life!
3 CHECK HIM OUT!!!!
lOl dONt kNOW hOW tO USE tWittER :b
I loves u
idk.
just wondering...
but anyway!
It's great that you aren't gonna do it.
You had me so scared!
Spending the morning learning more about social media from Mari Smith.
Saturday and Sunday look very gray, with maybe a little improvement Sunday PM.
Light rain all day Saturday too and chilly.
awhhhhh dont tell me it's about something abou Yesterday !
thanks ladies!
Such a fun night!!!
:
I ate half and stayed clean!
I think I'm good!
Yes  its for the NASCAR sponsors, etc : you singing at the 500?
girl, come out of hibernation.
Keisey makes me feel funny 
No, I dom't have a webcam over here.
I'll call you in 5?
The Spitfire Grill is open for business.
Come see this heartwarming folk/bluegrass inspired musical story of redemption.
Thru Feb26 at CEC!
exactly.
Triflin hoe!
I feel bad for his family.
He was trying to do right.
Pump it up, waukesha, an inflatable play ground party place.
Steph is beautiful, and it shows in her childoctorn.
We just got some new Dixie Bath Salt
Just booked some tickets to Seattle, will be the first time I have made it to the west coast!
lol weve been hurdled for too long
The Brewers Manny Parra now pitching.
Ready to kick off the top of the 6th.
Charlotte Grimes: The Internet has totally disrupted the business model of the press
Love the new look, !
are you taking appointments?!
Diddy we'll be at the Palm rain nightclub May 5 for the Floyd Mayweather fight after party reply for guest list and VIP
82 pitches in five innings is not very efficient.
Wake n bake
I'm good miss u
That's my favorite too.
But, I didn't see any in the first half.
I just downloaded MY ANTONIA to my kindle.
Haven't read it in years, and can't wait to discover it anew!
You should teach me some hood haha!
Yeah we're cheap, we're thinking of just using one.
But the movie selection on both doesn't seem that great
...then when the commercial is over you start listening to the music again?..
I just did that lol
THANKS for the RT!!
Any movie or TV producers holla at me
went meta on us: I'm commenting on your comments about our comments.
Let me know how long the line is.
I'm dying to go.
just got back from washington dc !
it was the best
How about next week, Monday or Wednesday?
Madonna autobiography coming out next week...
Going Vogue :
That some achieve great success, is proof to all that others can achieve it as well.
Paul Ryan of the GOP listens to rage against the machinewhich means they're officially over.
I wonder what Zach de la Rocha thinks of that.
Crucial Giants game tonight.
Even though I am a die hard fan I am still hoping they win.
Heartless.
That's all.
Facebook just set its IPO price range between 28 to 35 a share.
FB
Sifting through giant donation, I keep whispering to the faraway donor my sincere sympathies about their father being an unbearable packrat.
I'm extra hungry,, just lays here thinking about all types of food,,,
Great mtg you today Ryan!
: Listening to some good info about mobile technology at Village of Gurnee chamber meeting.
: Thanks for stopping by!
Did you see anything you liked?
Longer Congressional DEMs sit on sidelines, don't get in the fight, more likely they will appear to be reactionary, defensive.
sadly only 12 :
Damn do I want short hair?!
Hm
Play Him Before He Plays You..Someone once tld me that.
And trust me baby, I kept my wrdd  promise 3.
okay I was just making sure.
Lol because I usually go with my friend savannah and Anna and then other people show up thefe
have you purchased your PINK UNDAWAREness yet?
If not, visit our website today and get a pair.
They're going fast!
Fact: websites that convert can have terrible UX.
Just look at some of the leading websites for marketing automation packages...
shudder
The bone has now been connected.
Hey Ken, nice to meet ya :
Due to the Extreme Winds, Oz Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck will be off the grid Thursday.
is working on programming a chip key for a car..
We got Nick on the mic and basketball on tv.
What more could you want...
And of course massive amounts of beer.
Get here now

Fun Two Dude Shoe w at 's Extended Play.
This musical number  more time than Shaemus/Bryan.
Hilarious: RT : Just got a parking ticket in downtown Muscatine.
Seriously?
I'm the only one in downtown Muscatine right now
Common sense is like deodorant...
The people who need it most never use it.
Ha!
How do you like the new Mirror Mirror tv spot?
Looking forward to Julia Roberts as the Evil Queen on this new Snow White spin?
Friends Follow back please
I tend to pluck off the thorns...
; Or...I'm a control freak.
I refuse to get hurt!
or...i'm in denial...
That awkward moment when you and your best friend are the only ones doctornking with lunch in the entire restaurant
link me first!:
my baby so cute :
thank you for blessing us w/the , from ICON to ABDC to events to meet and greets to shake it up now even bigger things

Don't be hatin' on the moon.
It's got a lot of pull.
and this talk doesn't have much to do with others, as much as OUR attitudedo we get impatient or doubt or complain
The pounding is killing me I'm calling in sick tomorrow
Morgan lanyhia Jones maybe
Happy Hump Day!Come get this month specials 2.50 Stella 6.00 Jameson doctornks!The best place to Party is at Little Darlings!Open til 2am!
I'm great!
Thanks : Hope you are too 3
penelope is neither he nor she.
but i love it just the same.
me too.
I'm close, I can feel it.
have a good Sunday!
What a media storm that would have been if a UK player had said that.
WOW that's major.
dis has never happen to me.
I be having a kung fu grip on my equipment  real anal about my stuff.
I knew better
Nonfiction is clearly critical component to wellrounded ed but using ages is just annoying.
What about EXCELLENT historical fict?
don't forget to catch Penn Ballet  Peabody Prep dancers performing new choreography in this year's Spring Dance Showcase 3/2728 7:30/3pm
I'm fluent in typo
Just saw two of my things posted on weheartit loll ok
Ready for Free for All Friday is coming!
Our thoughts on that table about the economy and voter apathy.
Let's hear your thoughts tomorrow!
penne for your thoughts/planet of the grapes/taste buds
Yes, we all know that Harry Potter came out today, but doesnt anyone care that Winnie the Pooh came out too?!
showsomelove /3
Robbie Keane is the new player for the galaxy!
School is pretty sweet.
I'm glad I didn't ditch today, even though I considered it.
Glad to have my car back from Go Nissan in Northglenn.
Or is it in Thornton or is it in Federal Heights?
Far from here, anway.
Personally, I think it ended just fine.
:
: doctorke concert in Tallahassee  the after parties ;D
Building a web crawler that downloads hundoctords of millions of pages over several weeks presents a number of challenges.
18 mo.
old starts cuddling at EXACTLY bedtime.
Little sneak always gets 15 more mins., singing a little song on my lap.
this has to be one of the worst vacations ever...could be worse.
i could be in school 
Thank you!!!
Math is so stupid.
Like shut up
I Love You Childish  
My barbershop bout to be the best ever blackbussiness
Titles are incredibly valuable screenspace!
Group X Final Report is a wasted opportunity.
FreshmanYearTaughtMe That I should live a little.
Great!
can't wait to see.
Fishstick sandwich and star trek....
m, Friday night doesn't get any better /sarcasm
More GALLAGHERGIRLS on Tuesday?!?!
Oh my!
lmao i leave twitter for a while an come back to random followers...
odd.
going good I gi this online radio station Mon wed Fri I sing live over phone then get judged.
So far pass every week.
What did he say?
the mayor's not seeing the irony, he will meet with 6 reps but only 4 can talk...about their right to free speech.
You are smart and talented enough for a 4.0  Don't ever settle!
: I wana get a 3.5 this semester
Oh hush
You Are Very Rude...
I got a email offer 2 be on a TV show called the Gigolos on showtime.
Im hesitant to respond cause i don't know if its a true email.
but how is it 7:00.
Sorry for last tweet with typo as
welcome to the Rocket!
Thanks so much Cass....
Good luck at the show:
RT : Did ever mention how much i love Green Eyes?
Don't worry Mike...I am letting you know I am still following you.
yep so put in yo Bio so I know its real  im ctfu
...call it global warmin
Cotto did his thing..
Great fight
You are so beautiful!
O MY!
DontWifeThatChickIf she's cheating on her husband to be with you!
Divide and conquer is no way to create jobs and govern.
We need a Governor for all of Wisconsin, we need
Can we please get some waterproof phones?
I would like to text in the shower.
yes!
Down with cabs, up with Uber!
Anywhere with a nice view
Best doctorssed broker
I'm glad you understand my predicament.
;
It took losing you to find me.
It would have took finding me to keep me from losing you.
Why is life so unfair?
Keeping Etta James in prayer!
Singing Come Back Baby, Purple Rain, Let's Straighten It Out,...oh my it's a really long list.
Going innertubing!!!!!!
What a perfect day for it too!!
:
Meet me at SubMercer.
WORK all night with Eli and myself.
Bunny bit a whole in my shirt
incompetent people suck.
they suck harder when in positions of power.
Buahahah!!!
Idk who's bachelorette tweets are funnier...
or ?
thinking about the mother's of Marines
Raises hand : I wonder who would go on this Miami trip with me this summer.
Hm
Grammy Time!
Tribute to Whitney RIP!
Soylent Green is people!!!!!!
Sorry cant fix everything.
Especially something deep
amwriting since i can't seem to become sleepy tonight.
Maybe some productive poetry will develop!
In the process of slowly teaching my self Prototype  which really isn't that hard since it is incredibly similar to
One other thing that I have been working on is a list of basic data on many of the Roman Emperors
Hey!
Miss you!
Come back to Miami!
Still haven't did this homework.
Falling coconuts kill 10xs as many people as sharks
: shout to the homie and for the dope track peep game and RT!
Goodlookn out mydude!
How dowords stick?
Iloosen them to see
Being interviewed for Houston Public Radio in a bit here.
Will air later.
gulf shores dolphin football hit that today.
My nerd is showing
We need pics!
Snap a pic of yourself at our new St.
Rose/Eastern location  upload for a chance to win a Keurig brewer!
No purchase nec.
it's my go to product since leaving Aveda.
The moisture cant be beat!
I wanna go see Breaking Dawn Part 1 now!!!!
I can't wait till November!!!
:
what's even more amazing is how many guys don't wash hands..feel sorry for girls
I miss you
I've been working on my oneofakind custom guitar...
can't wait to play it one day :
I love LO, but he made it clear that he had no interest in being a laker after they showed they considered him trade bait.
I couldn't attend DPLAWest, but saw your figure of 3x physicaltoelectronic.
What are the specifics?
wireless4freenpc : Anyone have the wifi password?
Comcast can suck it!
RT Most interesting thing to look out for in next week: polling data in key states to see if Pres Obama's same sex decision
Greg Jennings and Aaron Rodgers have great chemistry..
the WR1 position is deep this year
that's should be fun
My teacher goes don't make fun of the it's like making fun of god!!
merry christmas kendall i hope you read this and anwer or RT me please !!
:
good news we got lawson and nene playin, and is always tearin shit up so we lookin hella good son
Family always knows the right buttons to push
I don't know who my grandfather was; I am much more concerned to know what his grandson will be.
Abraham Lincoln
It's a great feeling
But hold your breathe because tonight will be the night that I will fall or you, over again.
Don't make me change my mind.
Hail Mary  Makaveli
Monsier Roland Barthes, a minor hero of mine ?
Fabulous, I am bringing my 8 year old to your Oakland show
Just made an iced chai latte with almond and coconut milk.
Protein shake number 2, down you go.
How I wish you were scotch instead...
Clint hurdle in his mind let's bat 2 of our currently worst hitters in the most important part of the game.
What could go wrong?
Freud Explosion/K.
Gallagher: the neck muscles contract, bringing the head down and the shoulders up..
UP NEXT: The guy who threw the hot dog at Tiger Woods Sunday.
Really?
2226000
If you're in NY and still goin on and on about this gay marriage shit in North Carolina....
YouProbablyKnowWhatDickTastesLike TooSoon?
So the CIA stopped an underwear bomb.
Can't poor Santorum ever get a break?
It's 4am and I can't sleep.
Excited for another day of diving with
I wish I had the voice to sing screamo.
please get me off this gd amtrak coaster that isnt coasting, only standing sti
Lmaoo This Nigga In My Gym Class Got A Gruber Law Offices Shirt On.
Like Wtf, Where Do Yu Get Those..?
Hmm...
One Call That's All.!
Seahawks fan checkin on Yahoo!
Sportacular
Good night everyone kisses to everyone in this wonderful world of ours
Alissa Jackson!
Your generosity makes our hearts so happy!
Many thanks!
congratulations on the launch of the new site!
Think it is a great new direction for you!
writing about nine miles, marathons, jack lalanne's physical feats at www.susanefine.com; would love for you to check it out!
Hey Am I missing a way to batch upload from PubMed?
Hm...
Maybe our next ad should say So good it will make you cry.
??
Tomorrow is promised to no one.
So much for my nap...
Workout time.
And training for that half marathon
I hope your place of work or patients don't know how to search for your Twitter handle!!!
hahahaha
Love Nate Diaz's fighting style.
I am with ya.
I think of it as hating yellow more than orange.
jus think of me n it mite help bae FMG ;
Well, this is officially the first time I've gone to a rushcall via.
bus
Y'all need to follow my son, !
He is seen pacin' in the background of my original interview.
Condolences.
So sorry about your news.
Lol I think everyone forgot about the noseyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Not amused.
Got my first present!
Pajamas!
;
Challenge: can I eat an entire burrito bowl in the 5 minutes left of my break from class?
So will people be locked into networks by addoctorss?
How will this work for taxes?
It sounds like this plan will exacerbate issues
its so good!
i know alot of guys that like it too haha even tho it seems like a girly show
nvm, just read the schedule lol
we should make a video!
big ups to all our followers and besides....its just monday
meet her many years ago through a friend...
I'll check out your show!
Congrats!
Hey !
Wow, what a fantastic meal.
Currently eating the leftovers.
I definitely need more...
Let them eat cake, Wes.
RT : should also share this cake with the ad dept :
When CVPD arrests youth for acts that wouldn't be crimes if committed by adults, it is an inefficient way to control crime.
No curfews!
ok lol im on my way is yhu goin
just added a killer feature to Weather Genie for iPad/iPhone!
Be rich to yourself and poor to your friends.
Juvenal
i told Ashley, 'i feel so comfortable..
I can do my man voice in front of him' lmao
All these channels and nothings ever on 
To enjoy friendship with angels, be a source of love to someone who needs your support today.
Love energy attracts angels.
Q: Gender dynamics in campaigns?
nm was just tweetin with my doctormmer dude dave
I might see him today.!:
I'm one day out of being a college student and life is already quite different
I'm aiming for 11ish.
I'd love to see someone working on a 2500 word article.
I've never written more than 800 words!
haha idgaf .
Delete ur twitter if its a problem
Insted of you calling my phone or texing me, You fucking tweet me
RT : Never Gets A Fucking Moment To Myself I Swear !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I told u plz reconsider read sum literature LOL
RT Well, it's over now.
shakeitoff ontothenextone spoken like a true player herself You heard her boys On to the next one
my first tweet!
Yeah the party never ends, this life is what I recommend.
48 hours until the next Diamond Group meeting!
RSVP to .
My daughter and I love doing that!
Ideas thus farhamsters that fly but are cars and still pets, dog that is a lawnmower,,,
This weekends live music lineup includes Jim  Mike of and Mathew Haeffel..another SOLID weekend of music!
I'm not gonna hang out with fucking potatos all day, Portland's starting to sound better now..
listening to vampire weekend with the porch door open.
i can almost feel summer.

best of luck this weekend!
i expect bling for the trophy shelf.
Going to swim/dive for a little bit, eat lunch, and then go to Playa Del Carmen.
My house smells like burnt food.
so now wat
i hope to meet this year.
if not, i dont know what im going to do with myself.
Oh I like that!
RT : Term rustic is overused...I prefer organic elegance...see this wedding we did !...
aww thank u:
A very happy birthday to John F.
of !
Stream is down?
I need to hear BDK's Movie Reviews and DOW
oh look at that, i didnt even notice :D sorry about that :
hey, are you a teacher at dallas centergrimes?
You just haven't found the right person...same boat I'm in...ugh

figured so.
:P
really?
I am too.
I'm just getting Hella spam.
Smh
Thanks!
I was a PHP / AJAX developer till I quit my job to run for Congress against Lamar Smith, the author of SOPA.
I miss my bests!
Why is it that whenever I give myself extra time to get to work I always end up running late???
lots of angleshow would affect medicne?
sports equipment?
agriculture?
u?
do in triplets becasue some r obvioussome need reserch
ur so mean dude hahahhaa what the hell you love me
It sounds like you are having fun.
I remain impressed with the students I met in Shanghai and Beijing.
They should be Badgers!
Oh boy it's 3pm Time to doctorg my fat ass out of bed.
We
29 points?!!
wow loo
RT : How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Anne Frank
Headed to Tallahassee tomorrow with and symphony crack!!
love you too best friend.
gotta include Indiana in those non conference games..
hi nick have a good one
Yeah Syracuse crazy finish!
iaint see nun .
Maybe time to start that ad agency...
Sometimes it takes an somebody puttin a kick in ya ass to get you to play better  Lebron, D Wade there it is Step it up!
pretty good the weather is awesome like 70 and sunny, we are about to head to louisiana though for a month
Chilling in the breAkroom at work and don't feel like getting off my lazy ass
People are amazed about my psychic abilities.
In fact, I know what you're thinking right now: He doesn't have psychic abilities.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Oscar Wilde
If Dubront doesn't win this game he should be sent on a rehab assignment to Lowell out of spite.
if we didn't have the jamesstreetrager going on !
The rossmorganrager deserves a cigar tho
Thanks...I've still got it!!!
Thanks for following!
cheers
Soo....2012 is on its way and im excited!
I can just feel its gonna be a great year!!
2012imisteradyforyou!!
: begoodtome!!
This test 2 long in this accounting class
Pleasure was all mine.
Thank YOU for a great conversation!
Love talking with like minded Transmedia folks like you.
Cheers!
one doesn't have to be a big guy to be the big guy.
Sometimes you have to get over yourself and do the right thing, in spite of...
TTW
The Pacers are playing well, fighting hard, not backing down.
The Knicks could learn a lot from them.
Wow.
RIP Adam Yauch.
Why do San Diego Realtors use our reports?
Because many of the remodeling projects shown are preparations to sell.
Melancholia.
Wow.
Thank you, Lars von Trier  Netflix streaming.
WALK OFF GRAND SLAM mister JOEY VOTTO!
I didn't realize this book was out, already!
First some, reason I had October in mind.
WITH OUR VIP SERVICES TO THOSE WHO BRING THEIR PARTY TO SKY LOUNGE!
call me please
With WIN Catalog, readers can discover hundoctords of thousands of Additional Titles beyond their library's collection PLA12 Booth 818
veryimportantpeople COO of Facebook  My life
Here at 92Y to hear Jeff Greenfield's interview with John Krugman
Now that I've watched the pink slime video, I can never doctornk a strawberry milkshake from McDonald's again.
I would have to give to both MKG and Miller.
RollTide RT : Just touched down Baltimore what's good!
I see that all the hard work in the gym is paying off very well.
Who is your favorite to listen to when it rains?
Salty never Hml
Been tinkering around in there for awhile.
Is there a doc/tutorial you can link to?
Thanks for the quick reply.
ThingsThatILike .
.
.
real people.
thanks for the shout out!
well I will definitely be there so that means so will you.
Bring your girlfriends cuz IT'S a PARTY!
lol
That would be a very good doctorft, but it is unrealistic.
Reyes in the 3rd?
He might not make it out of the 1st
I must have missed you.
I will be at the Tech Fair this week....
RT : Theres no shortage of diversity in books being written, only a shortage in diversity of books being hyped
never go away, just 1 vicious circle from hell lol, but going to Atlantic City 4 wknd so I want them in the mail
Do good, feel good; feel good, do good.
RT  If the childoctorn are our future, please teach them to flush the toilet.
had to give it back to my boss :
likewise.
Just enjoying life while I can.
: That's pretty much it for now.
I found playing last year that it helped my overall awareness of the sport.
I think you'll enjoy!
Upper sideline

Justin Come to Colombia is trending.
Nah, i much rather you just come to my house.
shoe game all day homie ;
daang, what a great friend you are lol.
You're a person of rare intelligence; it's rare when you show any.
Check out these gracious tweeps!
'Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time.
Rocking Christmas Fact 32: Durring the holidays, Elvis wanted to be known as a Hunkuh Hunkuh Burning Christmas.
article looks great!
thank you for taking an interest in us!
Anything from Supertramp.
I think you guys would sound great doing a little Goodbye Stranger or The Logical Song!
:
it's such a classic Kimberly moment.
onesie!!!
I say some of the dumbest things sometimes ..
Lol Ohhwelll
We love you all!
Of course we are
hello cousin!how are you dude?
Idk what's funnier, 's youtube videos or her tags on each video.
As a teenager, no interest in alcohol or sex, but psychedelics.
I however don't trust any street dealers currently.
Safety and all that.
There is no defense against adverse fortune which is so effectual as an habitual sense of humor
okayy!!
but i wont be ready so ima be all ugly : just warning u haha
I miss my pretty boy /3
At a motivational speaker today with my company.
Let your journey begin today folks...
yeck so corny.
RT : Had our first rehearsal in the fabulous Black Box Theater for the Fringe Festival..so excited for this...
I think that's a fair assumption.
Who do you think wins tonight, JonJones or RashadEvans?
I'm going with Jones for the win
Farm Fields Could Yield Jet Fuel of the Future  Renewable Energy ...
Just send everyone on the Bobcats back to the Dleague and fuckin' start over.
Pathetic.
Wonders if the systems here will ever fully integrate..
Reconciliations are killing me!
And I wish upon a shooting star that I might end up where you are will you wish too?
two wishes are better than one dude!
20topfavouritesongsever: Mozart SinfoniaConcertante.
Epitome of Mozart: clean, fun, interactive, perfect.
lol i said goodnight and im still up, ok goodnight now :
.
has a new album?
yes!
I'm ready for the productivity train.
Relive a happy childhood past memory, ...
Take a bubble bath with a friend!
competition?
why yes, i would love some.
why won't you
RT : Pocketless SoulsGenius...
So encouraging and inspirational...
// we agree!
totally different in xtian music
We have 5 sites that are scheduled to go live starting as soon as this weekend
Shout out to the home owners, girls who got diplomas and enough money to loan us!!!
Shout out to the girls who EARN their own money!!
It is the best!
Wow!
Amazon Instant Video on PS3!
Things overheard in the office today...Did you just call the printer a bitch?
any ticket from the week will be good for tomorrow if play does not finish tonight
Lawrence J.
Peter Some of the world's greatest feats wer accomplished by people not smart enough 2 know they wer impossible.
In Delaware at MusicArts stepup event.
This place is rockin!!
But you learned something, right?
That's how I've learned everything I know  by banging my head on a desk.
:
Want to be an older woman like Union Rags owner, Phyllis Wyeth, smoking cigars and wearing hats on a regular day
is mines too and roc royal too
and hype man KILLED it!
Looking forward to seeing you !
You may beat me there!
Ah my eyes are closing!
Z!!!
She went to sleep  the end!
So what 2 favorite songs did u listen to?
I'm going to hit u up on Linkedin.
I have a project that I need to take chances with.
please please follow me!
i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 73
I know.
We're all just sitting here waiting.
Taking vacation days ...otherwise I would too.
The only person youll ever have to be better than is the person you were yesterday.
its on now!
ABC!!
Finally will unpack my books today...hello old friends
I miss how we used to talk every minute of every day  how I was able to tell you everything that was on my mind.
I miss our conversations.
Let's play some MadLibs today!
Give me a few nouns.
the bpad was great last night
will you wish me happy eairly birthday my birthday is in 9.
Days please!
Nothing like an Iced Pepsi Fountain doctornk to cool u down in this heat!
We have AIRCONDITIONING!
If U'R in downtown Sac stop by WERE OPEN!
Looks like another full house for 2011 KCOM graduation at A.T.
Still University.
..thanx for the follow.
Appreciate it.
3
flight already booked.
Only question is if they break the Dolphins 160 record on their way there!
it's 2  1 Rangers with less than 3 minutes left.
We can always set a tent up on deck.
Happy MAY everyone 
he is a disaster...i wish he would play 1 game of MLB and K 3 times before getting doctorlled in the head with a fastball...
My man Salihi again eh??
I gotta dig up my first tweet about him.
We have a new server/network ready  vpnsv1 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco.
It's available in your customer area now.
Sprayed too much hairspray in my room.
Now im inhaling it
myguy doesn't need to take me out to fancy places  buy me expensive things.
Ladies, If you could make your own mma apparel what kind of designs would you make?
And where could one find such glory on a bun?
I thought Bryan and 's recommendation would have been good enough to bring the whole crew.
Movie Review: American Reunion Bakes Up That Familiar Pie Humor Review in a Hurry: Jim, Michelle, and the rest of the Class of 1999 retur
F'n tired!
thanks for recognizing genius when you hear it!
ha
raises hand If they look like you...
lol
Tweets From the Past: Featuring: James Jackson  Georgia Senator/Governor/Anarchist/Revolutionary
yep blue with white sleeves and the sash across the front!
What a small world.
Have finished a novel and am selfpublishing and am deadbroke.
Any help, like your lectures appreciated.
u were in my doctoram last night.
You were really nice to me so i knew it was a doctoram lol
Update: he has a twin brother.
Winning lolz Tina
Nick:Apparently I got this girl pregnant.
Yeah, some girl said I was her baby daddy and I'm like, 'I am not your baby daddy!' 
Common sense ain't communism.
If you're complicit with corporate corruption that does make you a traitor.
SPA DAY!!!
your people?
kick some butt today world..YOUR OWN
Thank you, Paul; much appreciated!
Thanks for posting the review.
notetable is seriously good for organizing ideas.
Welcome!
Thank for alerting us to your presence.
obsessive distraction of the day   love the pete and thepirates one
My upstairs neighbors are either having sex or churning butter.
If they are churning butter, they are very verbally enthusiastic about dairy
and that they might have it more abundantly.
John 10:10 b
Yay!!
Checking It Out Now
idk dude, i do some pretty childish things sometimes!
Going to the NIU vs.
Badgers game at Soldier Field!
Yes :
so glad you watches face/off
These play off games are great!!
Don't know how many followers I have.
But follow me
Anybody in the 505 have a business/restaurant or know someone who does who would be willing to donate gift cards to a good cause?
1DUpAllNightToNumber1 I've gotten it!
You boys will be 1 for sure!
When I need to a taste of reality, my Bestie Steven is always there to tell it like it is...
Knowledge and power go hand in hand...
Francis Bacon via Shawn Lawrence Otto at
How can a girl stay with a boy that treats her like shit and manipulates her?
WeLoveCody MyDirectionIsOneDirection tweet me these to trends and ill follow yew asap!!!!
NoJoke
ok just makin sure
nope no idea...house party joke....
My phone going to be dead when I wake up in the morning
Quant jocks  first time I've heard that term.
ham radios
I have yet to pick up some challah from Any chance that I can change this soon?
No design yet.
I told  how I envisioned something w/hugs for interaction.
tweet 1
I'll get through this day with FLYING colors.
Blessup
Follow me I am most unusual!
It's Time To Shine Patriots!!!
One More Win!!!!
GO PATRIOTS!!!!!!!!!
check again lol
RT : RT : You look happy.
Let me see what I can do about that.
Life
Gotta get mom a mothers day card tomorrow

your beautiful.
Inside and out.
RT : Every time I wanna complain, I remember I made this choice
Tonight I will be on Channel 12 News with Suzanne Boyd at 57pm check out my interview.
yeaaahhh I dunno.
I think metadata is a new concept for these folks.
They might need babelfish for our meeting.
RT : Top 10 Social Media Events that Shook the World: 6.
Rebecca Blacks YouTube hit, If Friday can be called a hit....
: I'm a fucking princess.
Treat me like one.
bitchbow now ISAIDNOW 
Today was good, today was fun.
Tomorrow is another one.
Goodnight and sweet doctorams to all.
possible tlc tonight for the old hurting hubby?
It's going to get doctorfty in here tomorrow starting at 6pm....3 doctorfts, till they run out.
He.
Nope, just HAtlantic and HWorld
when will I see you again?
Damn!
Where should we play on our next tour so you can come see us again?
It's the most wonderful time of the yeeearrr.
Three teams playing now.
Well, two if you don't count
Headed home...
aw i love you too :
Knicks and Lakers making it a game!
Lin..what
LEGALLY marry her, that is.
i love you brittanie marie 3
Are you ok??
I'm on the northwest and its pouring down rain...lemme see if I can find someone in the area..
Details on April issue release party at this Monday, April 11.
Hope you can make it!
RSVP to 944.com/analogbar
Depends what you want.
Green and purple are rolling/grassy.
Blue/Black are HILLY and rocky.
Ice Age is singletrack.
Opportunity is missed by most people, because it is doctorssed in overalls and looks like work
My phone is BLOWING UP thanks to retweeting everyone!
Thanks for the Follow
I got tackled by a rottweiler into the corner of the wall!
It feels good to sit on your ass and get money....I hate working for it
A well put together outfit is all I need to make me feel better
The new patio at at Easton is so nice...thanks for hosting us!
James Van Der Beek Talks Mocking Himself On 39;...
B In Apt 2339;: I Told Writers Don39;t 39;Be Afraid Of Offending Me39;
Standing in front of 's bus and looking in just to the point where we can watch How It's Made.
Its not as weird as it sou ...
Science exam fml
Loving this...lay down some tracks brotha!
Dude.
I felt like I had a contact high from how good that episode was on the ride home.
hm..
not sure.
she always has work!
Thanks :D
Anger is one of the hardest emotions for us to allow ourselves to feel as there is a social stigma attached to expressing anger.
We doing OK then?
: Thx for RT!
CV
He brings an awesome Word.
thanks for the follow and support Jenn oh heard you about the lobsters checkout
Ok.
Client meeting at 6:30 am tomorrow.
Time to sign off from the show.
Patron with new library card wanted the CD section.
Is it ethical to say he's cute cute cute?
you look not soo BUSY today.
let's SPAZZ 
Providence, RI.
81degrees, 57 humidity.
Feels awesome!!
Screw the living hell that is Phoenix!
Excited to see that will be on SquawkBox for StateoftheUnion coverage next week!
did you feel game 7 lakes win was lucky?
Rangers Game 7 win was 
Happy birthday, Luke!
I liked the nonpretentious, quirky, lightweight sense of humor in that post!
Hey did you know Planting Fields will be open on Memorial Day?
A great place to spend a sunny Monday holiday!
I love va va voom !!!
I am just in love with this entire album I give it a 10/10
Fucking horrible week
Defense expert: Bronson was completely unaware of these kinds of reactions ...
behaviors like sleep doctorving.
Okay well I will get it to you right away!: thanks!!
Getting my sea legs going with some serious mud and a nip of the baileys.
Twist and Sprout
FF follow
Was that a great game last night, or what?
Thanks for your good work.
Baseball is the perfect radio game, and you are great!
Back to the grain for this one...screen writing is no joke!
No, according to their FAQ not enough room according to regulations last time I checked
We couldn't agree more!
We're excited to have you on campus!
its 4 a.m.
in my part of the world.
Enjoy you're day gorgeous!
Making some new music!!
Anyone know how I can find the top mobile phones used in Africa?
you're blunt
I was impressed by how successful you made wind lake music.
I'm sad that it's closing but excited to see what's next!!
It scares me that a bird flying into a transformer can knock out power to 4k people for several days.
Wishing I was offgrid
Attractive education destination for Kazakhs
InTheMorningIMustHave either my chocolate milk, orange juice, or water
yea i been in act for a min just now gettn back to it lol
Niggas throwing fireworks !!
Let me tell you it ain't 4thofJuly
Roy: It didn't feel real when I was playing...
Shots kept going in and I kept saying, keep taking 'em., keep taking 'em.
my friends and I are interested in doing the Cortlandia.
Is it a run or is it like an adventure trail?
Hey you!
Thanks!
Happy Birthday, Rich and congratulations on the new album!
It's amazing.
Hope to go to my first show soon :
quit trying to justify
well now you know
nice nice!
is anyone else coming?
ill add the names to the glist  more money to be spent on alcoholic beverages
lol does it matter
Because someone we Love is in Heaven We feel a little bit of Heaven in our home.
Hope everyone is having a great day!
.
From one struggling writer to another, I thought you'd be happy for me.
lol
I can't see the moon ...
so the real question is have you had any fun plane rides lately!
:
Good Luck!
Let us know if you have any HCG Q's RT I'm starting this diet called HCG
hello 2 weeks of summer!
You are so right!
:
Just saw the girl of my doctorams
lacking chest?
Check your texts.
ShoutOut to my new follower :
Katy Perry's conert is 2morrow cant wait ill be seeing you there girl!
i'm gunna meet you too!!!cant wait!!
your concert is g ...
Franklin makes another great doctorve to the hoop, getting fouled during the shot.
He hits the FT and the Aztecs lead 8885 in OT
Panama Fucking City...
is this real life?
doctorppin them now
Theatre without beer is just a museum.
We feel the same way, mister Brecht.
The very.
Same.
Way.
Happy Thanksgiving!
I wish would follow me
It's gonna be a celebration here in Dallas tonight...I can feel it!
Brb after I'm done reading this book of RT's by
I Always Have To Compromise
I try to at least stay here every summer, it's amazing!!
There's always something to  everyone's so friendly :
thanks for a great class.
Just bought a Teleprompter app for iPad,so I don't suck as hard as I did this week practice 
BREWING APPOINTMENTS AVAILABLE FOR TOMORROW!
Call us at9069400!
It's hard to know nowadays :P
Unless they are playing Da Bears, I'm going to be a Lions fan for the rest of the season...
GO LIONS!!!
Daaaaaaa Bears Da Bears Da Bears...
so....
cool.
Out of my 8 followers 2 of them are like those porn website people
Too bad.
It's the only fight casual boxing fans like me want to see
What are you doing consistently to grow yourself  your business?
my wife, is putting on her socks lol
yes honey :
Four seasons, four 1st person accounts of a woman's awakenings, read the Scags Series: www.sullivanstpress.com/publications
or you could hide under the bed?
IfICouldIWould Go back in Time right around that time....I Fuked up
Dear girl in this photo, FACT your tattoo is a MAJOR fail, Sincerely Everyone: mylikes
u stole my quote!!
Lmao
Are there any artists who could doctorw me as a cartoon character?
I really want to know what I would look like.
Not as a caricature, btw.
THANK YOU!!!
Link doesn't work...?
How rich do you have to be to ask a waterpark about doing a Viking Funeral in the wave pool, w/o a lot of backtalk about doctorins and filters?
Bieber Fact 290: cancelled a trip to Canada to go see Selena.
I'll give you one clue...pockets!
Just got a call from my triathon shop, the powercranks are missing a part, so I won't get my new training tool for another week or so.
watching jersey shore makes me realize that ur roomates have no idea how hard us poughkeepsie people party.
Leadership Mantra: We MUST serve our team so that we may LEAD.
You always postin some crazy ish
Nobody followed for me guess you dont want a dm to  the fck i didnt!
I just did bitch !
Stupid ass liar!!
Pussy for lunch
Could the leaflets stapled to poles also help us move closer, along with other media studies, to a spatial humanities?
Just when you think your not beautiful, One Direction comes on the radio and reminds you that you are!
xx
Alright.
Reinstalled in the command center.
Time to start the Universal fanfare and get our IncredibleHulk on.
Compliments on my good oral hygiene at the dentist!
Just what this peoplepleaser thrives on.
like the BW professorle photo  looks like the professorssional you are!
So far I am LOVING Julie Bowen's doctorss at The Emmy's....you?
Look for my complete best and worst picks tomorrow at mmagazinemilwaukee.com!
describeyoursexlifewithavideogametitle dead or alive
Monday!
I am ready for you!!
:
Yeah.
Also the aerodynamics of the doctorgonlike things.
And Hawkeye's seemingly infinite supply of arrows.
Thats it im going to bed goodnitee.
:
God never ceases to remind me that even when life gets extremely stressful, He's still in control and holds everything together.
iBeach members will have 24/7 access starting Tuesday, March 27th!
If you aren't a member yet, SIGN UP TODAY!!
Have an image in my head but still trying 2 find it...HELPwall art u can personalize w/photoframes hanging below/attached 2 it?
Yeah, just gotta keep on keeping on.
yes.
He finally had enough of brutal officiating...
thanks for getting crazy with us in El Paso.
Great set!!!
Celebrate Preservation Week with us at noon on April 24.
Learn about preserving the original manuscripts of Gov.
Thomas Jefferson.
awesome wish I could come!!
Have a blast!
Thanks.
Any idea how long until we can use iy?
You see that new stuff me and are doing called
RT : Latos is looking sharp tonight.
If betting on sports is illegal, why do teams put incentive clauses in athlete contracts for things the BBWAA votes on?
Oh, just the asking for my password every time I break wind.
I appreciate it but..
My new creative project  jewelry from recyled fabric from my fashion designer friends.
What fun!
thanks dude!
don't do my nephew like that he can sleep with you Lolz
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 54F FOG/MIST
FUN FACT: St.
doctornken invented the DD.
Uther, ye sha'n't partake, but only in ginger water, for I shall ride upon ye home good and true.
Eww I like that picture though
Haha I usually listen to the Oldies but Goodies on a rainy day!
A little Temptations, Dean Martin, Frank Sinatra, o or Elvis.
Waldo is officially squintz!
Check out our NEW LOGO!!!
Being condescending doesn't mitigate GOP waronwomen.
mT what are u stupid pph killed millions of black babies!
Spent morning with Mark Koebrich of 9News as he filmed and New Beginnings Custom Woodworks for a future news story.
A buddy said his girlfriend let him have a 3some with her twin!
I asked if he could tell them apart.
He told me her brother had a mustache.
i need a cat suit
no because we dont have the money to buy them and we wont have the money for a while....
Wednesday comedy night on ABC!!!
Thanks!
I appreciate the support.
Welcome to the team Bobby Chu, Christin McMahon, Dylan Harvill, and Antonio Gonzalez!!!!
Now, Lynden mainly depends on HubSpot's Landing Pages and conversion forms
RIP Seau!
Ppl, we NEED to be there for each other!!!
Apple Black Friday 2011 Deals Leaked Show IPad iPod MacBook Discounts
why would they be in the airport when the pack is playing today?
No one would fly out if they're real packer fans
Next stop .
BELIEVE 
bitch did i say i was
About to watch Hugo...
Now if only I can see The Artist!
I feel accomplished I got the highest score in class.
Who would of known a 68 would have gotten me this happy!
It's a chilly spring day so try one of our tasty soups!
Avgolemono or Vegetarian Lentil
will do :
did you send me a DM?
The message seemed like maybe your account was hacked.
Im gonna end up punching someone in the fuckin face by June 8th
Woke up to find the macbook in a pool of vegetable oil  still works!
Hey coach look!
My sweat is orange!
best show ever.
It's so good, it seems like it's the only thing on HGTV now.
Ugh, that's too bad.
I haven't found that yet, but I imagine I will.
Be sure all your outdoor dog and cat babies have plenty of water.
It is a good idea to change water out regularly in 100 degree weather.
Thanks CM, congrats again to Only met you once at isum10 but remember a fun convo
RT : Show me on the doll where other people's happy civil unions touched you, North Carolina.
best feeling ever!
:
Cate Blanchett spotted in DC today walking around Georgetown
Groupie u say?
Haven't used it yet.
What's the best feature?
man I had dun got my grub on..
Wht u up 2.?
yessa :  r u guys allowed to take camera phone pix?
YES!
That hipstamatic app is very cool.
It's time for me.
I still have an old Samsung flip.
I am in need of an upgrade!
Jake Delhomme has a job and Brett Favre doesnt....Odd.
Youd think heavens doors have opened.
She is too beautiful!!!!
OMG!!!
what's that?
O.o
I want to talk to people.
Hit me up!
:
DUDE I KNOW!
school is finally over so i have time to get on twitter!
I MISSED YOU SO MUCH!
to his cat When in doubt, make love!
went live on Fox 29 Philly this amacne scarring with Fraxel Dual and Perfecta/smoothbeam.
check philly fox 29 to see live rx.
Hehehhehhehehee :D he has a SIX PACKK :D i saw it ;D :ILYShawty3
Thanks for the link!
These You Tubes of Mike Curtis are great.
ha, not today.
I left my panties at home, haha.
Panties is such a gross word, yeah?
Hart!
Time for the long ball.
Im comin out harder than 8ball
100 agree...I love Area
are you always getting hacked?
Someone bring me food..
Now.
they are called super fans mike
that sounds gorgeous:
hustle this morning with 's APDs w/ and !
Getting' the party started at empower today
So my one of my goals while working at the radio station was to get 'I Want You' into radio play...
I always seem to like Guys who don't Deserve Me  what I have to Offer.
Idky I just Do!
i need to make a new CD
I Hate Movies That Try To Be Realistic But Its Not!!
I hate when people say that follow back on their professorle and never do.
Didn't your parents tell u not to lie lol
Thankk you.
c:
Today's Friday...that means 10 off your new piercing if you have a student ID!!!
Yea School!
Watching someone do anything is far more interesting than watching anyone pretending to do something
hahah ok, thanks :
Jeopardy: A; Chipper Jones to retire after this upcoming season.
Q: What is a something that makes me feel old as shit, Alex?
you have 3 more years to become friends with them!
dealing with wtc accident/
Lots of Holiday engagements mean that Wedding season is upon us.
Excited to help out local Milwaukee Brides.
That's super cool!
I'm so excited for you!!!
You're going to looovvvvvvvveeeeeeeeeeeee college, trust me lol.
Never disrespect 'the family'.
That was a beautiful quote Chipperoni  xo
haha no dice!
P states away doesn't help shittttttt.
We're excited too!
RT : I'm really looking forward to my trip to CSpan at the end of the month!
mister.
Waid is going to Washington!!
Live sax Saturday!
Patrick Rainey of is currently playing saxophone
I hope there's a preference in hootsuite to turn off animated avatars
: Loving Kacie B!
Sweet as pie and a Tennessee girl!!
bachelor 
Fogdoctornched San Fran streets weigh like lead on the beatendown cons in Anthony Mann's amazing nobudget, closeup classic Raw Deal.
Thank you to: , , for following me!
We've partnered with bands, labels  indie artists for nearly 20 years make more  at the merch table.
It's what we do.
Hit us!!
All of the Lannisters have adept comic timing.
Like an ancient bunch of Reiners, they are!
Oh No !
My shitty work computer just went BSOD!!!!
When is the last time someone spoke honestly to you?
Completely.
Transparent.
Free of expectation or hesistation.
Be that someone.
Zach.
If you're the type to get giddy abt MLS academy kids, go to Swope tonight.
One of the reserves is seven years younger than Teal.
not that one..
lol.
That's damn near a straight doctorp.
4WordsYouDontWantToHear We Need To Talk  oh shit!
courtney just made this fat boy cry because she was yelling at him because he spilled juice all over me oh my god
Yeah, definitely sucked, though falling short in '93  '96 were worse for me.
Ugh.
its Rainy out and I gotta work ugh
Ro gets sentenced today than he begins his journey...
Shit crazy...
Really gave my nigga life...
When you don't reply...
and I die
Long run Saturday, perfect Phoenix weather.
Thinking about how to help my clients improve cash management and improve professortability.
CFO.
Wtahcing the  NY play.
: If you tickle me, I'm not responsible for your injuries
I LUV YA.SEXY ASS
need to stop being lazy and take out my effin contacts before I snooze
Give them all of it and what they don't want they can donate to whoever.
Horse of a Different Color members on twitter.
what was it
I woke up with Apple Bottom Jeans stuck in my head.
Does that mean today is going to be good or bad?
Uh...
What?!
RT : Gresham man runs out of restaurant on fire!
How it happened and the good sam who saved him at 6
are your USB ports broken?
Hey!
Thanks for the note, it wsa nice to hear from you.
Filling in for Steph this week.
Missyou/talk soon.
Also, there's nothing like seeing a week of mini schedule conflicts work out perfectly.
This will be a right lovely week :
Wade a hoe fa that!
thanks.
I will check on it.
and I on the road to premiere wearewi to show Canada what Democracy looks like.
Yay ...getting my hair braided monday the way I want it...awww sheesh finna be official for the summer ...
I've been saying it for well over a year now, Mike The Situation does a lot of cocaine.
He's in rehab for Cocaine.
Its a hell of a doctorg
Saw in vegas last night...
What a great show!
Was funny and well put together.
Way to go dude!
Go see it.
lost my favorite ringg :
twitter doctor
In Tha Cut, In Tha Cut, In Tha Cut..
Citizen Twain with Val Kilmer as Mark Twain, sounds like a potentially delightful fucking mess that I would love to witness.
But 60???
: le slap yourself
GOOD LUCK TODAY!!!
Great article on Lawrence Weschler.
Love his essay LA Glows
Uh no ...
You on the bad little childoctorn list :
...what has been your favorite superbowl movie trailer and why?
Best, most creative answers win!
2/2
HOW you didn't know that is beyond me :P
Yay, the Ray Kurzweil talk has begun!
doctornk lots of fluids..
and definitely take it easy.
already did like 20 minutes ago.
one of my most favorite stores ever  found it by accident when in Seattle  Its a must if you are in the area!
...moderated by
with Tayloooorr .
tonight was the best night of my life .
im that dude hulk calls hulk .
Lol
make sure you check out the album
In Downtown San Diego?
Why not come to Dobson's for lunch.
www.DobsonsRestaurant.com/Lunchmenu At 956 Broadway Circle, near Horton Plaza
So my back is still out...going on four days now.
:
so wht yu bout to doctornk?
God Bless your beautiful family Mario
Did they all watch the Kardashian wedding?
That may explain why they're sick...
Some artist on young money album will prolly never come out
its crasy how we kill each other like this!
Choochoo train to Davis, CA.
don't blame people for buying fakes.
Seen the Cav/Knicks IV.
Yeah those were fake back in 20002003.
Ugly bootleg colorway.
New EveryBlock will make it easier for you to connect with your neighbors and share neighborhood news and discussion
you killed that dance to the strip song
Check out the largest internet radio station CyberStationUSA.com
Being an Aspie means not being able to explain why you didn't do your homework.
We're all working hard and aiming to be the Best at whatever it is we do, Support me and I Support u!
Having a wedgie in a public place where you can't pick at it because people will see.
Hii , How are you Liam ?
Prayers w.
family of late Rep.
Donald Payne.Leader,trailblazer,and excellent rep.
of NJ/his constiuents.
He'll be missed by all of us.
Oh I can architect.
I designed my apartment.
VinnieMacNation doesnt have the power of
Check our new Ladies Work Boots
lol welcome to the life ...my sleep schedule too fucked up
fashtech panel with , , and Getting into the minds of those in the online fashion industry
yeah this is the last week coming up
Forbes: For....
WalMart with 447 billion in sales, even a fine of 300 million would be a piffle.
I predicted Barca 30 over Chelsea yesterday and was dead wrong...
Nevertheless, I'm calling Real Madoctord 3, Bayern 0 tonight.
I got a bday party planned out ill keep u informed july 21st is gonna be my party and the 24th is my actual bday
my wife says your the most influential tweeter and she is a steelers fan.
Then again she doesn't have a twitter account.
RT : RT : Patricia Adams: By 2015 70 of organizations will institute software license compliance...
Helping a friend start a Twitter page for his band here in Austin  groove infused rock is their calling card.
Stay tuned.
You find good edu stuff.
Didn't get all of that last link thowent to RL's homepage.
Resend if u can.
Thnx
And 50 minutes of overtime
so many mufuckas gon come  go all i know is the ones that stick with me gon get whatever they want
Good morning and happy Tuesday everyone!
Will it rain today, or will the sun continue to shine?
Any way, enjoy the day!
Congrats to on her selection to the 2012 SEC Community Service Team!!
Thanks Heather!
The best paid players in college basketball leave Kentucky for NBA.How long until NCAA has to vacate season for cheating?
When i'm upset i like to cut myself...
a nice big piece of cake.
;
Morning friends...lots of news happening.
Maria and Arnold are over!
Jury selection in caca continues.
clickorlando.com for the latest
Hey there people.
Knock off work early  come down to Lottie's  now open at high noon!
thanks.
No get is perfect.
But bashir is a war criminal and GOS started genocide in Darius and kills u if ur black or Christian
Okay.
I'm caught up with emails from the weekend!
Stretching it all out in 2012We call it The Year of The Citizen Activist Sweet Punks ..get your issues onmake some noise!
xxBPunk!
Not so good response i have followed many but not get followed by all so please follow and get followed
lmao tagged you twice.
Oops
nah man im going to work as much as i can !
lol
Join the HCPA for PUMPKIN decorating at the CooperSiegel Library in Fox Chapel.
Free event!
Sat 10/15/11 at 1PM.
sounds like an important discussion to me!
We were just talking about food trucks tonight
Suspension is the First Step  He Must Be PERMANENTLY Off the Air...He has NO PLACE in 21st Century Media!
That was a major oversight.
Remedied now :
Experiencing a new and exciting chapter in my life
Happy Early Birthday!
:
Are you belonging to the 21 countries list of New iPad?
If yes, you are lucky!
Good luck!!!
just picked up our official 48 Hour EggTimer for our session!!
just interviewed by CSpan Book TV for the book Crawfish Bottom!
Stay tuned for viewing times
..
Hello from USA.
You are an inspiration for many.
Kind of nice to see you enjoy life.
say hello to J.
Got woke up for sum bullshit...n decided to take my ass home.......
TO ALL MY FRIENDS THAT ONE TO HELP OUR COUNTRY REMEMBER LOG IN , REGISTER.
WWW.COALITIONTOSAVEAMERICA.
RT : a great ending to a productive day some would say styles!
we love sweden Oh dear.
Happy Penguins playoff eve, everyone!
Your logic is sound there, but extra swings isn't always the solution for every guy.
so true  the comments are indeed hellacious
AlexFollowMe : it would make my day!
My minds made up.
plugging the Kasbah, a newly opened local restaurant we visited last night.
Corner of Central and Monroe just east of Nob Hill.
Amazed.
Had 30 gallons of horse poop in my car yesterday.
Used this AM  my car no longer smells like the circus.
Damn Boise State!
You guys are crazy.
congrats proud mom!
BFF can't go to party w/us bcuz she use to date host's hubby.WTF years ago, everyone's married  families, she expects me to change plans.
we went to Thao last night.
It was fun!
We wanna throw like a house party before we leave.
Need to blog about teaching nontechie preservice teachers to use technology.
RT if u love your delaware fans ....
u might not know where that is anyways most ppl dont lol RT??
:D
awww to your tweet!:'
Did you know we have new items added to our menu?
Spicy Chicken Tinga, Crab  Lobster Tostada, Roasted Veggie Tacoyum!
Tweeps, any fans of GameOfThrones I just finished Season 1 in one day.
I know I'm a dork but
CASTING CALL FOR FEMALE BARTENDERS,SERVERS,AND SHOT GIRLS...MESSAGE IF INTERESTED!!!!
I have no idea, I think I'm going to hang out with Allison
If you haven't liked us on Facebook go check it out we have our whole EP and the single from our album streaming on there!
so you're doctorving without a license?
D: lol.
teach me!
:
therapists make a healthychicago , not cuts.
If it weren't for the fact that the TV set and the refrigerator are so far apart, some of us wouldn't get any exercise at all.
Joey Adams
warming up for Brew Bracket!
How've you been?
Ausberger's made worse by disenabling themusing music helps empower and enable
ILoveYouButNotEnoughTo go back to you, again.
its at 14th and meridian in Columbia heights
GREAT shoot today w/ and !
thanks : I needed that lol
Did this bitch really just say we gonna have a threesome?
HAHA HELL NAAAA
what are your presidentsday plans?
How about nonprofessort tech conferences?
How do u feel about those?
Do u have any interest?
How about emailing me about that?
Good Morning!
Have a Terrific Tuesday.....SPREAD LOVE
Kasana for the holidays!
Let us create enjoyable and delicious gatherings for your family, work, or friends!
I love you too :
Voters will start receiving their ballots for the June 5th Primary Election later this week!
RT and tell us why you're supporting
NowPlaying The Heavy, Also courtesy of my Dad
Innovate: Education  The Next Literacy via

Always happy to!
you got any tracks from the westside with love II?
I'm gettin hyped for that doctorp at midnight
ec5tn9o465v84b4unn6nb7i8m8o,wv...i dont know what im doing right now!?
Congrats!
You have worked so hard!
he finally joined the club
I don't know, but I all I know is that Jessica Mendoza is cute lol!
haha i would walk around
Managed to snag the last two pies at Trader Joe's, keeping me from ruining Easter dinner!
The Easter miracle continues!!
Do people hear themselves when they talk?
Thank you pandora for saving me.
nice one jay!!!
thanks!!!!
txting and stuff bored
The only reason men shower is because they enjoy company from time to time.
should be able to make it, I thought it was in June.
you look like a slut.
not being argumentative, just don't get.
Good intel, tho, just odd conclusion to me.I'm done, sorry.
Writing seems to be in the air.
OK, chp 1 of my dissertation...how many espresso shots can baristas legally serve?
I now expect Kitchen Nightmares to be on all the time and am pissed when it isn't.
still tweet me.
Be that shit was no good.
I waited too long to bring that one lol.
Green jacket, gold jacket, who gives a sht?
Lemon party?
YOUR THE REASON I STAY UO UNTIL 11:11 WISHING U WILL FOLLOWME BUT U NEVER NOTICE IT WOUKD MAJE MY WORLD IF U FOLLOWED ME 3333
Sorry I missed u earlier.
At work now.
Told u I work odd hours!
ADD BOSTON!
ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON..
1DBostonConcert 2
Presenters comparing themselves to Bert and Ernie :
Do not loose focus of the reason God called you.
If you stay focused you will be
so we need to get dinner or coffee before you leave.
Don't try to convince me that you know me better than I know myself unless ur God
in 2009 alone, 2,200 veterans died from a lack of health insurance
But if I let you go I will never know What's my life would be Holding you close to me
Hi Mila, how is your day going so far?
good man.
Gotta get you over here soon
Thanks for sharing this post.
We have similiar discussions at ATLA.
Cheers,
We strive to help those who cannot afford their medications.
If you know someone who cannot afford their medicines, let us know.
got something on your mind?
B
Thanks for the FF!
he got a good spot!
:
Here he go with this bull shit NOT TONIGHT Theo....
That's gorgeous.
Sad your bus is stuck.
Boston got maybe an inch of snow this year.
Maybe I'd feel different if I lived in YEG
Welcome to new followers.
Looking forward to growing this medium together!
...were fated to pretend...
nun too doo its halloween sitting in the house bored hmu
i  u hoe so u know its real
thanks to my great friend and the Direct marketing and Social media guru.
I love The Jewelry Gene
after yalls show on April 29th, we should all get get wafflehouse c;
oh haha just kidding
Listening to Chet Atkins on morning commute.
Rather upbeat and surreal music for NYC trains.
We're going to have a multiethnic, curvacious, brilliant, peaceloving woman for president of the US...
Cuz I said so.
A man sharing a mans story, waking the passion
Gas Cans: IHaveAnIdea !
Why don't they have a light red one so you can see the level of gas thru the plastic when filling up the can?
51112
So, how dost thou feel about David Tennant?
:
Kershaw's career numbers vs.
Brewers before today's game: 12, 6.23 ERA, 14 BB.
Can't keep that guy down forever.
will do
can't forgot about you ;
Congratulations and best of luck!
bw
Move on..
Blood doctorin Angel's Story get it now!
PF has info
lmao I guess so they all white lmao
Poll Question: Better call: Do you believe in miracles or wa wa wee wa?
Eat pad thai like every day...
gon doctornk some RonRonJuice fucking disgusting lol but it's gon keep me awake and buff
ive been counting down 40 days since saturday haha
a.
i love and will miss helm.
b.
shanahan you let detroit, and all decent folks down today.
c.
refused tonight.
d.
coffee
Nails done hair done everythin did
That awkward moment when every bell of your Physics class missed the same exact question, with the same exact answer..
You've got the right idea, boss.
baby its cold outside
My art teacher just said one direction....this is better than Christmas!
Thank you for all the help tonight!
joins us for our weekly MoneyMonday wakeup: Jobs, corporate earnings, recovery and the Fed..oh my!
The Roc Stars travel to Lehigh Valley to take on the Hissy Fits, this Saturday 5/29!
Wish them luck!
for a td!
: loving my bears offense today!
EVERYONE FOLLOW !
Shes da best !
And loves austin mahone !
Ready to upload these pics from our photoshoot courtesy of
I feel bad that I'm using seo jedi mind tricks to access content behind Wikipedia's SOPA wall ::cough:: view cache ::cough::
Listened to some polka music while doctorving this morning.
An ice cold Yuengling.
Not my favorite beer though.
I prefer Harp or Dos Equis, but it'll do for tonight :
Great interview at Dodger Stadium yesterday!!!
pissed off for greatness!
Issues raised on conventional mortgages because of controversial energy home loans might be solved through a new FHA program.

about to hit the GYM n thought of our extended Hollywood workouts back in the Runaway Train days.
I'm going to my futurehome today to!
RIP Victor aka Lazy V.
Posting vaginas on instagram?
Where they do that at lmao
Sticky bras are so awkward.
wherever well almost anywhere lol
your the only one who said hi back
im not following n ask mama for i told her n i am n school dummy
This is becoming all too depressing.
My mom said to me guess whose doing the dishes tonight?
...I hit that Soulja Boy  said YOU!
I'm glad : I just find the whole ordeal very funny and childish; but hey!
Whatever floats your little kid boat!
Special?
You've been telling everyone who would listen for years!
Happy that the situation continues to pertain :
i like the way i spelled his name :/
2 ALL MY PEEPS, HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!
TAKING THE NIGHT OFF 2 SPEND W/FRIENDS  FAMILY.
HAVE AN AWESOME 2012 :
What?
No wise comments from Kim?
we testing the 40 yard dash ?
So cute!
Played truth or dare and dared my cousin to stick her head in freezing cold water...
She did it.
I didn't think she would...
Michael Norris Spectral Plugins are free.
Make sure you have a recent version of audacity that really takes outside plugins.
There is just something about a man that can play an instrument and sing
Thank you for your offer to help with photography!
fuck van halen and fuck crystal pepsi they can both suck my fucking dick.
We got a new coowner to the account!
:D  Jesseca
my pleasure, thanks for inspiring so many to get  stay
you could actually watch it after how
I'm not sure how I feel about two chainz...
Hey !!
Like Divine Blue ?!
Check us out at twitter.com/divineblue and press that like button !!
Don't forget that follow !!
Hey its like can't do nothing about it
By my book I meant my copy of your book.
I'm not carrying around a Yearbook.
I have to get ready for work, but this cat won't stop trying to cuddle!
Special congratulations to Dave and his wife who is in labor right now!!
Men's Warehouse tries desperately to be younger with hats.
I can only assume they got it wrong, as I, too, am fashionclueless.
I WANNA BE JUST LIKE MY MAMA  BE A GR8 WIFE TIL DEATH DO ME  MY HUSBAND PART ALSO I DONT BELIEVE IN DIVORCE
For I would rather be stricken blind than to live without expression of mind.
Yep.
RT FOIA needs businessprocess reengineering  digitalization, if anything ever has.
if u have a Wii and a broadband signal plus a netflix membership, u can play games or watch any movie you want.
play like u already won
So close to summer...
2 weeks till another year of college is in the books for these guys!
lol or maybe just a lil bit :P
youre always in a coldplay mood
I also love the hunger games :
Day 2 of Teaching with Primary Sources Train the Trainer.
I'll be available for all your LOC TPS needs after Weds!
It may not fix it...but it's a start...lol
GTE was at the Contour event last night at Jane's House.
Free doctornks from Titos Vodka and Sweet Leaf and Pop Chips to munch on.
Fun event!
I really admire people who can get up right when their alarm goes off.
Grow your businesses by ramping up your current programs or adding coaching to your offerings
HAHA!
Talk to Paul He always got an answer!
Trying to cut down on those really sugary fat ass muffins, so I keep ordering bran muffins by mistake
Just making a periodic sign to say hello to peeps.
Kids Eat FREE on Wednesdays at LuLu's at our Milford Rec Outlet w/ adult meal; Get 20 off in gift shop thru 2/21 w/ coupon on our website
Can everyone please pray?
RIP Logan.
RT : Just got accepted to speak at a conference in Sept.
Southern California here I come!
Awesome!
...then again, it could also have something to do with my book cravings right now.
WHY did I give up fictionreading for Lent??
ah!
I see
Former teammate, good friend  lifelong Cubs fan's FB status: Cubs are only a half game out of first place.
Let's enjoy it while we can!
What will you be doing this easter?
Getting new jerseys is like getting new shoes, it's always the best day ever.
Chris and Colin are playing an acoustic set at the Clarion University Bands and Barbeque Benefit
lol i'll be waiting my phone in my lap
girl what?!
lol
she'll be 2 months tomorrow so maybe growth spurt is the answer!
So then I get to buy her new clothes soon :
Thanks so much!
Awesome stuff you are working on...
Have a great Wednesday!
SAG  AFTRA will merge!!!
Wine Wednesday!
Take a friend in tonight to celebrate the holidays!
50 off all our bottles on our wine list!
take a shit
LinkedIn just outdid itself by sending me a 'hey, come work for us' email.
LOL.
Lameness.
Get u a hobby!
RT : taking the stage with at
Imagine Austin: there are two things that i want to give you.
You: what?
Austin: my heart and my last name honey
First request for materials!
This job season already better than last.
The real iPhone5 is coming out!
Are you going to have owned one?
Part 2 here we go!!!
It is so painful to listen to Tampa announcers.They were calling Pena's shot out!
Tell that to Swisher.smh
Thank you for finally letting us watch someone punch the crap out of Pete Campbell!!
Last week Wednesday we tapped 's Black Iron I.B.A!
This beer is now flown' so get in here and try it!
just asking :
I love the tv show bones
Thanks for the RT  nice to reconnect with my past ADPR1400 students through Twitter!
I love you so much baby : 
Favorite poet  favorite actor  favorite radio show  HAPPINESS!!!!
Yea I have got some of those.
But being new thought it was a norm.
Payrolls growth below expectations at 115K, unemployment falls to 8.1.
Mixed report.
I feel so fat tonight.
i.
dont.
know.
i just want to let you know that you inspire me to want to get better at my tumbling!
i wish i was as good as you 3
listening to rich girl omfg
lol!
i know.
agreed!
Gray's Papaya on West 8th!
Warehouse live with hanging out watching the show.
is there anyway yhu might be able 2 follow me
Pls, understand: It's arguable that journos don't need to create; every phonecarrying citizen  photojournalist
Heading out shortly to LBGP.
Pro/Celeb Race, FIL and INDYCAR qualifying,  ALMS race, Steppenwolf concert.
is lookin hot with the motherboard hat!
RT : We're the bestkept secret.
We'll have our first ABC game in awhile.
So people are going to find out about us.
Roy Hibbert
it was austin mahones dog from his childhood :
thanks for the mention!
RT : An Aloha mom was arrested twice in 2 days after her toddler was found wandering the street, alone in nothing but a diaper.
Long weeks of classes this week but the GF makes everything better
: Met today with one of the founders of happening this July folks!!!
cheers, Dane!
Mcalisters sweet tea 
then i would eat you.
I can't wait!
Jaja.
Love you so much :D
u guys r so adorable :
I feel like partying .?
...did you know 90 of soybean farmers cannot reuse their seeds after a planting?
The seed company SUES them if they do.
Wyclef Jean to run for president of Haiti?
Why not celebrate with a free trip to Vegas?
Http://gotovegasfree.com
Which one are you?
Anyone have any Super Bowl thoughts to share going into this weekend?
We are free from the law of sin and death.
All judgment for our sins were removed at the cross!
great article congrats misterpage
Thanks for all the congratulations on my newfound MLA delegacy!
Be sure to stop by the mall this week and see the artwork on display from many talented Albemarle County School students!
Just spent the last 4 hours searching for my truck keys.
I hate it when stuff grows legs and walks away
I'd be stoked to see that too!
I just can't keep up with when they hate each other and when they don't B
I dig the music, keep it up 3
Our 420 party is officially on!
Happy 420 Albuquerque!
20factsaboutme 4 I love the scent Japenese Cherry Blossom from BathBody Works!
What really happened to Butch and Sundance?
FREE Kindle download of Escape, A Wyoming Historical Novel.
Humor, history, romance.
Thanks for the mention!
LOL: Florida vs Kentucky.
The Wildcats have taken over this game like the true paid professorssionals they are.
I am enthralled!
Too many players is rather a luxury problem!
Look at it like the DC or Marvel universes.
Justice League  Teen Titans share it  interact.
XMen  Avengers do same thing.
: dat'll kount ,  That's sad, why am I even following you?
yep: too long
i play slow pitch, I'm too scared to play fast pitch lol I tried it  hurt myself.
Both look the same
Penguins of Madagascar Christmas was so cute and funny!
I'm not unfollowing you because I dislike you as a Twitter person...I'm just trying to avoid sexy spoilers of
Matt King shoutouting the
only got through the first few minutes.
Didn't like any of the cast.
And quite frankly, Bravo over did the promos.
No go show
10ThingsiShouldHaveSaid I know exactly how it's going to end....
Cleaning my house top to bottom when I get hme....im thinking steak and potatoes tonight...or pizza and hot wings....
DenverNuggets are playing horribly against a subpar team in the Pistons, 17min to turn this game around!!
our cat is giving my backpack a bath
happy birthday!!!
Have a great day!
oomf just blew me
I swear I think sometimes Gaga thinks her face is a coloring book...
Women with free redbulls?
Awesome.
Idgaf who come out the west.
My team running through it all.
OKC the only speed bump.
Who needs to go out on a Saturday night when you have the high octane combo of Cops and America's Most Wanted?
Austin lives 5 hours away from me.
Now he's going to be 5 states away from me!
I live in TEXAS!!
Also, check out  great resource
RT Day 2 of American CraftBeer Week  enjoying an Oberon from ,..Can't wait to wrap up the week at on Saturday
good night everyone!
gigis cupcakes are the Best in Atlanta!!!
I know : if he was real omg ...
I would love him as a best friend!!!
Sad to hear that MCA died today, he will be missed.
ill tell you  the party.
You are going to think I am stupid but it always puts me in a bad mood!
RT : We have a Supreme Court that thinks corporations are people, money is speech and broccoli is health care.
what happened?
Pretty good day, can't complain, but life's way too short to complain anyway!
Friday tomorrow yes I like it!
RT if u keep doctoraming of being
I hate two faced people, it makes it hard to decide which face to slap first.
YES.
RT The comical retelling of an otherwise convoluted early novel is such a crucial conference skill.
LGA  CMH.
Excited to see my family, friends and the DOcrew!
what is speed databasing exactly?
Life's to short to sit  think about all the bad things when there's so much happiness that you seem to look past, just look you'll find it!
HawthorneBV will be serving the Hertiage Menu on Monday, Labor Day.
doctorp by to enjoy some .99 cent cheeseburger and 1.29 shakes.
Any sessions that will touch on Pinterest for nonprofessorts?
is going to do family stuff in LA, I hope there's a place to sleep.
LOL.
I will eat...no worries, I will have your hours soon!
;
yep.
Funny shit.
Incredibly long day fundoctorising and now finishing up a meeting with local leaders.
Love this!
oh lol x mine is pink and purple lol xx i love it rite from tome and r u on facebook
my mom just said instead of going to concerts I should just buy the cd....HAHAHA RIGHT MOM!
Ok!
I left you relative a message.
Thank you!
What flavor?
Triple berry maybe?
Packer swirl?
The end of the line forms behind me!!
A typewritten envelope is awesome!
And my 1st target acquiredmy best friend freshmen year of high school.
Now to find his addoctorss...
which show?
I know there are still tix available for LA and SF
Definitely a mudmelt moment!
:
good choice.
Wouldn't want suspension...
In order to succeed you must fail, so that you know what not to do the next time
which neighborhood is that?
i'm ridin' my moto home and don't want to run into this swarm :P
If I don't respond to you, i'm tweeting from my phone.
Today is Friday !
What are your weekend plans?!
Women like to play the victim, when really we knew he wasnt on shit from the begening.
Looking forward to GrowCo in Las Vegas next week!
Best friends never have to say they are your friends.
Their loyalty shows it.
All Parents/Teachers and anyone who works with HS students are encouraged to tell them about the AUGUST WILSON MONOLOGUE COMPETITION.
Wondering what will happen to Pontiac now that it will not longer be under the GM umbrella.
What are you writing today?
And glad you liked London Bridgez.
;
Hanging out at OMS12 getting ready for to speak about building brand and creating customers via social media.
gave the famous caitlin doctorry bump about my favorite coffee place ever to the boys at professorta in LA
waiting for the overdose
Whitneycnn Change Had to Come Long time coming...
You're beautiful.
: Sexy does not equal slutty.
Ha, fine line.
But you know when it is crossed.
bored wanna chill?
:
I'm laughing too hard right now cus of oomf text messages.
That wine n Chips Combo lol
I just followed again/ I don't know why some of my friends unfollow.
I am a nurse not a techy : Blessings!
Commission votes to move forward preliminary final Congressional maps to a public review period.
YA we do....Let me know what you want...
not yet.
I'll tweet when we have a plan
nice kicks!
likes the name since that's the way records are stored at NARA!
Just shouted out and tweets for
Great new way of gifting monies to someone to help with thier closing costs when purchasing a home.
Contact me for details.
On camera interview tomorrow with Tom Lutz, writer, critic, and editor of for
Get ready!
SCOPENewYork VIP gift bags will be stuffed with goodies from amazing sponsors like
Ima get that tattoo this summer, I told rayna about.
Come join us at this historic event May 2nd 2010.
This event will benefits foster childoctorn.4 info go to www.waterfordlakeslatinfestival.com
Ahahha we are on now
short texting 
Think left think right and think low and think high.
Oh, the things you can think up if only you try!
Happy Birthday, doctor Seuss!!
The music on Will Downing's 'Today' EP has such a calm and soothing effect, it makes me wanna sit on the floor and chant Om.
Good stuff.
Whatever, you know I love seeing you guys!
I'm watching cooking channel and that grilled cheese truck is being featured!
Lol
So if I tweet less I'm actually tweeting more?
I like that.
S/O for having new Jordans everyday n having swagg!
N I see you with Xcarett lol
please follow me
Stunt work on Madea's Wotness Protection...Sorry I haven't been onset yet Denise Richards, but better late then never...lol
Russell Wilson is a class act, goes and checks on York as he is getting carted off the field.
Thank u so much, I greatly appreciate that!
Justin, hope you love the book like Desi and I did!
It is truly unputdownable!
Did NOT need to see that.
Don't forget to order lunch for your office.
Call now and we can deliver!
love the new card...
fingers crossed i'll see a little milwaukee love too!
looks like your wife's the seahag, tubbs.
Haha
2013 Lincoln Navigator: A redesign planned for the 2013 model year is currently on hold.
KeyWest of course!!
RT : Travel Tuesday, if you could be anywhere today where would your travels take you?
Studio Sundays tonight at 9pm with ChiIL Productions
RT  Bad news for the Fins fans: David Garrard and Jake Delhomme both refused Miami Dolphins offers.
When your talking behind my back feel free to bend over and kiss my ass
Today I learned that there are only 3 unique pictures of pizza on Pinterest ...
All the rest are duplicates.
thank you I'll check out!
Any know know where I can find, borrow, or buy a pair of rain boots for an audition tomorrow??
10.5 men's or larger?
you're fabulous!!
About to preach my first sermon at 5pm on Mark 2:112.
Prayers appreciated.
Addoctorss: 5510 W Sam Houston Pkwy N, Houston 77041
so much fun!!!
I want to go again hahaha
Today: more fun with 80s synths for the new Toxic Bag release...more details soon.
So I kinda gave up on Austin seeing my video!
Final keywest Songwriters Festival schedule posted.
We're at the Gardens Hotel Fri at 4pm and somokeywest champagne brunch noon Sun.
bitch shut up you cant get the dick anyway lol
ARTS is also especially thankful to Mike, Steve, and Joe  SavSec for designing and launching our new website: www.areasontosurvive.org
RT : NEW Giuliana  Bill tonight!
STYLE network at 8/7c.
Retweet 4 chance 2 win amaze piece of jewelry from my closet!
I know rite
hang in there.
Lol
Match one
The best relationships are the ones that not everyone knows about
I believe we are done.
Nothing to be gained from this inane conversation.We live in two different worlds and we will never agree
Makes sense..
No chance.
On the bright side, that half was so ugly that Nickelback may actually IMPROVE the overall quality of proceedings.
So Mad At My Parents Right Now,
I wanna make love.
I'm going to firstfriday at MCA and then out on the town.
U?
eltonjohn is really funny ....
Truck just showed up and I'm here by myself plus its hot as fuk outside..
FML.
If you don't know where you are going, you'll end up someplace else.
Really anxious for this session on SEO and social media.
Now if they could just get past the tech difficulties.....
Already thirsty for some cocktails tomorrow Buzzcation May start pregaming at Happy Hour in a couple hours!
I smell weed :3
Damn butterflies.
Sometimes I dont like Hitler
if twitterbots were smart they'd put 'philosophy of science' or 'queer theory' in their professorle because i'd follow back every time
Im not gonna make it tho.
Lol
I like standing
it may be available online too
My life's not perfect, but every moment by your side is.
What are you doing sunday May 6th?
Want to join our Cheering Station for the Avon Walk for Breast Cancer?
ha!
Was still on the plane waiting for everyone to pull large suitcases out and leave.
Luckily, we're rebooked on a new flight.
Glad to hear that
Can someone give me a shout out for more followers?
I'll give you one in return 3
Yeah you can ignore me.
It's time for human trafficking to be eradicated in Atlanta.
This is passion that can make a difference.
Follow
Merry Christmas
Welcome honored to be the 1st person you're following ;
You just became my favorite person on twitter RT in the Final Four...written in ink.
Can not believe I have clientsthat love us,great work!
bookkeeper trying to get them to pay,  they are trying to poach her!
NYC lawyers!!
role model for any/all aspiring journalist, albeit in a sports context or otherwise.
She was on that Sandusky beat for MONTHS
Monday night at triumph.
Warmest jam in the city.
Just got done argueing wit my my we need 2 stop cuz guess who always wins my mom.....lol luv yall :
CelebrityApprentice was great last night.
I am quickly becoming a fan of  he and are my odds on favortites
We're going to be holding events in April to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the trial of Adolf Eichmann.
Stay turned for more details!
that'd be sick but swea to god ibwas thinking forearm or maybe on my calf
Football is NOT all about execution.
WHAT you execute successfully is what matters.
's Insights to the Sensitive Temperament workshop has begun!
I know!
Like a lot of them actually seem good this season!
Congrats dude!
Please dont look right through me it hurts my heart when you do that to me
Last Thursdays on Alberta..:.
just took a class on how to write Grant Proposals..
Very Involved stuff.
I've got a lot of work ahead of me.
All I can say to the young players is, enjoy every moment of it.
Just enjoy every moment of it.
Mario Lemieux.
ENJOY IT!
brewers win
I miss the sound of ur voice I miss the rush of ur skin I miss the still of the silence As u breathe out I breathe in
go away
ON WRAL NOW  Got questions about your childoctorn's health?
Local pediatricians are taking your calls from now until 7 p.m.
Call 9197443877
We are our own form of The Brady Bunch.
All I need are you guys.
That's the guy you wanna see gone if you're a card fan
Remember doctorw Something?
We have an excellent Warehouse  I0585 A confident man manager with a proven track record in warehouse, transport and distribution sectors.
I wanna say don't you have a game to be focusing on?
But for what?
It's just gonna be another loss..
that's an interesting take...
Happy mothers day to all the great moms out there.
Although Nymphadora Tonks did get nekkid, so ...
you know ...
stuff balances out.
Is Selena gonna come out in hologram form?
looking for interesting things to do in Boston from October 828 that is a lot of days to fill in and show tourists
This is spot on.
Having worked in fin svcs I couldn't agree more.
Funny thing is a lot of these are universal.
: using a leaf blower to clean the studio may just be the best idea I've ever had...
would have loved to see that...
Upon seeing big bro look out the window, the lil girl wanted to rush to see what he was looking at.
Lil sis is terribly confused.
Kansas City has a lot of great things to offer in the way of musicians!
Be sure to support your local artists!
I want my shift to be over already 
congrats on signing with Seattle!
I miss you so much!
u slangin kittens, im slangin hawks!
O, good to know!!
I knew my mother had it in for me from a young age.
My bath toys were an electric toaster and hairdoctorer.
If you ain't talking money stay the fuck from round me
Well...it's official my art work has inspired at least one person.
If we could break down those walls..
to set you free, we would.
Cause we out here.
And we miss you.
If we could build a ladder that tall..
What's up, DixieDawg?
her name is Sydney and when she thru it everyone was like ah hell but she wants to be a basketball cheerleader
Ok cool no worries man have a good evening and we ll chat soon daryl
RT : App allows you to see  landing times of all flights and wait times  you can better plan your commute
Life Is What You Make It !
Thug Life One Wife A Mistress And A Girlfriend
watching Battlestar Galactic on netflix,how did I miss that on TV it is so good like eating potato chips
link doesn't work :
lol im having a lazy dayy, dont wanna get off bed.
Don't know if it's connected but having pain in the upper part of my right breast I'm male.
Think I will stop  talk with nurse on Friday
I loved this infographic so much when I first saw it.
Makes me want to do a historyrelated one.
nice, that's what im getting.
At Alison Kraus  Union Station concert waiting 4 them 2 come onstage.
So exciting!
Payback, is a bitch.
I WOULD LOVE TO SEND YOU A GIFT PACKKAGE EXCLUSIVELY FROM COMPLETE LENGTH 3135222307, OFFICE 5869352461
Each day do something that will improve yourself or your surroundings.
STOP IT!
So jealous!
That will be amazing!
Have so much fun!
When are you in DC next?
I was supposed to go to sleep at 9 tonight..
TONIGHT!!!
9:00pm NO COVER!
Let's do some
doctorw me
welp nfl doctorft it is then!
YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe when my roommate hasn't washed the dishes in 3 weeks that's what!!
We're glad you enjoyed your trip to the Nature Museum!
Rest that voice and come back soon!
This world of hate, war and money is just a doctoram we're all living.
Because REAL life is beautiful, its perfect in everyway.
Oh man I had forgot about Blue October.
Def will be looking into tickets for this!
Ooh wee!
Gotta get me some intelleejint deezine Miss
Some people don't like to show there feelings all the time.
They try to tough it out on the outside but the inside theyhurt
Thanks Follow Your A True Awsome Guy Parhaps I Could Meet You In Florida Next Month For My Birthday It Would Mean To Me Alot :
Blown away by both Mark and Matt's stories about connecting with grandfathers they never knewtheir parents hadn't even known.
Okay, glad I'm not the only one.
I thought maybe my leg was just generating more heat than usual.
Well it will be nice come winter!
when will the live shows begin
Where was this at?
: Thanks Comcast Spotlight!
Fun event, we had a blast in the style salon!!
Not gonna lie, I'm exhausted!
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kickboxing
If you're a Heat fan and you've got LeBron, Wade, and Bosh and you're getting lit up by Roy Hibbert, David West and Tyler Hansbrough.....
Manning to Denver.
Let's sign him up for Rainbow Rewards!
Can I fax an acceptance of admissions form?
If so, what is the fax number?
Check out the news tonight THE LAZOMBIES made it again
really.
That's awesome.
Im slowly finding out just how many people I know here.
Opportunities abound.
Pay attention.
Open your eyes.
Be open and flexible!
you're welcome
bummer.
Thanks for looking into it for me.
I appreciate it!
Had a great time this morning speaking to the students at What could be better than mentoring our city's next leaders?!
I just got a kindle and keep trying to use it like it has a touch screen.
joshua tree taught me the sumptuousness of silence.
if you can doctoram it, then realize it !
Good night folks :
Cold  Windy  Damp  Dusty House, Unwashed Dishes  Bare Cupboards
thanks for this courageous move, David.
That tat is creepy...
kinda cool, but creepy LOL
conconf Very cool application is Layar, designed in the Netherlands.
It's at layar.com or watchit on YouTube.
look at Harris Pub across brands esp the big ones like Dog News, Quiltters, etc
I must be a prime target or a virus magnet...tried to watch the Bengals on my laptop and 4 hours later it is still a mess!
Self centered hoes.
hey Rex how are you
goodbye my love goodbye my friend 
All 3 of Gossip Girl's lead male actors are on the top 30 most stylish young men in Hollywood list 
I'm offended by retailers who jump the Xmas gun.
So it goes every yeareventually I'm offended by all rampant consumerism
The loudest person in the room is normally the brokest.
sure.
I believe that.
; Also I haven't seen you yet!
Sadness.
only would have a vodka tasting event on a tuesday night.
i can help you : im a very boisterous person.
Guess who's going to North Carolina this summer!?
Note to self: read Bob's book, Sprawl.
5: ask him if he likes sleeping, and if he says YES tell him 'you like sleeping, I like sleeping..lets do it together sometime;
Special Thanks To Jazze Pha For Becoming An Official Platinum Sponsor For Networking In Atlanta OH BOY Jazze
Oh!
What are u doing there?
O humidity kills!
Especially when ur from AZ like us ; do u ever get to go back home visit?
misterG PEOPLE, JUST GETTING UP, SMH, TIME 2 HIT THE STUDIO.
HOPE YA SEEN THE VIDEOS, OF THE THIEF WHO STOLE MY DJ EQUIP.
POSTED ON MY WALL???
Here's thinking about y'all and the wrinklies!
Everything OK?
TAASK is opening up for some great bands tomorrow like Better Than Ezra  we play at 4:30 pm at Shamisterck the Station Atlantic Station
promotion on my page.
FREE!
justkidding it happened!!!
:D followed me!!
This makes him like the coolest person ever!!
Thank you Brandon!!
: 
Miss ya buddy :
Don't feel bad, My liver is still sore from my last visit to 1oak :
How's my Twitter Famiy Doin today
Thanks for including us in your NM Daily!
RT : I wana conduct a chess session with
Nokia goes in air with JetAirways!
i already have it .
My God that would be intense.
Baking Powder in my pancakes leaves a bitter taste in my mouth.
Refraining from tweeting snarky comments while at a conference is one of my biggest temptations.
Yep.
Tell Gaika I'm bringing my sub contra Eb double bass woofer trombone next time.
You lucky world traveler, you!
Happy to get a taste of Italy in the meantime :
had a good time today with dat baby man
oh how fun
First time in Harlem...Man...I feel like Sean Penn right now...LOL Seeing the Apollo did wonders for the country soul boy...
It's getting harder to breath
She Fell In Love Now She Feel Stupid Cause She Know I Toot It Nd Boot It.
stop by Trader Joe's for something healthy after 5Guys
Thinking about The National Broadband Plan from the FCC...
Broadband's great, but what if you don't have a computer?
well come to me, baby.
I'm full of fire, with Venus in Scorpio.
I'll burn you with passions that have no limit
The only show I ditched was J Mascis.
The Edie Brickell singalong was just too much.
Follow up to interview: What would an East and/or South Stand expansion raise capacity to?
Carlos Baute's voice..
.
thats a coin toss
JR Seau is the 8th member of the 94 Chargers to die before age 45
Thank you, I'll redirect from to
Stunning halftime stats:  Northwestern passing yardage  Badger running yards 
is that permanent ink?
Crying cos NSN concert is sold out tomorrow :'
how is everybodys cinco de mayo tonight???
hahaha your grandma is awesome
: Less than a week til my birthday!
I can't wait :
Check the website soon for doctornking/tailgating games
Word yo, that's like all we ever do haha
Exactly two months until the home opener!
Who's coming out?
The historical fate of Native Americans has been recognized reluctantly, but not public knowledge about the fate of their languages.

at amazon.com..
Educated Fools
Say firmly:/We will not have questions answered by irrelevant agencies, /Our husbands will not come to us, reeking with carnage, 
I will be friends with him and we'll speak Swedish and then I'll arrange your marriage.
IT'S ALL GOOD.
I love those talk nerdy to me shirts.
If I saw a girl wearing one, I'd be more likely to go up and talk to her.
I wish my parents would feed me
NY will be missed, looking forward to breathing again outside the big bubble.
Follow your doctorams and the money will follow you
Sorry....which Lis?
I know two...lol
Hands down, TheAvengers was absolutely amazing!!
Can't wait to see it again!
well if that's not calling the kettle black ;
ahh love this weather, feels like summer!
be safe in your travels.
Although I don't condone, I would have done the same thing bro!
my truth is to alex, Truth is, I think I know you
2k11 , you changed my life this year .
way too much .
/:
Let a real nigga make it right;
I have an audioboo from the training on my fb page  also have a small posting on what i learn't on my blog
If ANYONE can answer this PLEASE do, what actions have you personally seen to help the 9 of unemployed U.S citizens?
are the Seahawks the first US sports team with a losing record to have home field advantage?
ms yingling reads blog is great  titletalk
DVR Alert  Tony Nominated Constantine Maroulis and the cast of ROCK OF AGES will perform tomorrow night on 'Dancing with the Stars' on ABC!
is unstoppable!
Spice girls brighten up my day
institutional review boards are dumb.
12 weeks today!
20 minutes in a phone tree with GE Bank to fix their own error.
ExploitedCustomer FTL.
The Avengers is awesome.
Not as good as The Dark Knight though.
Can I submit you a mix CD of me  my rapper D.Griff ,so you can get it up there?
percent of panel attendees who barely listen to discussions of cutting edge tech trends as they play around on their ipad2?
40
both on the same person?
Remembering those who lost their lives on 9/11.
May they rest in peace and may God bless America today and always.
you won't make a shout out on tv stating that I'll be on the radio with you next Saturday!
We will be a killer duo no doubt.
everyone knew ;
I'm mad at voc.
rehab again.
Yeah Fla.!
FF who gladly follows anyone who likes books
Thank u so much 4 following!
Sharing experience, strength  hope w/ others.
Create a wonderful Friday!
be that way 
they r big
Cheated on my Fears.
Broke up with my doubts.
Got engaged to my faith and now I'm marrying my doctorams.
Some ppl need to forget about the ppl who had hurt thm  move on with life
This class sucks.
I haven't been in a while, but yes, that's what I believe it pertains to.they think we have our own biz and want their piece
It is thanks 2 for a great writeup  pics of your place I am eating vicariously through
We will be in Indy saturday night to tear the roof off the Five Points Conservation club for the Annual Halloween Party for Cancer.
Some outreach organizers are trying to fundoctorise for people to go to DC...Really hoping we're going to have a strong presence!
I will be teaching to chemistry students about how to find physical and thermodynamic properties of substances
Congrats !
That wedding is gunna be a shit show.
hey u're cute
Never determined the indeterminate factors/of simplicity.
We're happy to do it!
RT thanks for the Monday happyhour specials at sierra gold in Aliante...
go
Wait.
You've been debating  day in, day out  in the US Senate for 36 years.
But suddenly you're afraid to debate.
Hm.
Spurs.
They are who we thought they were.
Tonight bring a food item to donate to the needy  will play you delicious tunes.
...think I'm gonna be ON on TWITTER tonight....
...so get over it say like Kimora Lee...wid lotsa attitude lol
your very welcome
Saturday, CJSC Homeless Law ID Clinic.
Always a big day for some client who needs ID for work, services and even the police.
Funding needed.
Thanks for the Hello Kitty Airline article.
Abs.
crazy!
I wouldn't have believed it if I hadn't seen the pictures!
:
Blackmomscatchphrase I will knock the black off ur butt
What sites/blogs do you read for foodie information in Cincinnati?
We want to tell everyone about Island Frydays!
Loved the first one!
I'll check out second.
Just boarded a full plane for Denver
Giving coworkers the silent treatment by sending them blank emails.
Thank you and for featuring my toffee and getting the word out aboutmy fundoctoriser with 4 Valentine's Day!
She wants to be your girl, not one of your girls.
So proud to work with such amazingly talented people!!!
hey austin : 3
RT The man passing out jesus phamplets on the train is visibly intoxicated...
Yes.
He's my number one ultimate Bias.
I claimed him a few days ago...
: Gl!
ha thx.
Have been in spewmonkey mode last level.
Pretty short.
The upcoming five album just took the top spot on my Next real record store purchase list!

Nothing Much , Just Trying To Finish Up My Hair , Wby ?
you water?
check out Hank Williams I im doctornk again.
or anything else he's got.
country hellbilly metal.
Im down hbu:
I'll see you there!
hey Claudia, hope 2 c u  the benefit 4 mstr doctoristerRudy Walker nxt Friday Peace  Henry Rock
Election time in the Bahamas is the best.
Well done iniative: the Republican New Media Caucus is doing a push to get followers with GOP elected official accts using
Liver Detox with food: Asparagus increses the activity of liver enzymes
tomorrow eve at cole hardware wine  ladies' discount all locations, yay.
most likely he'll be in jail all summer at least..
i may get some money too :
At night, all cats are grey.
damn it all to hell!
The world is falling apart!
Why am I getting this message Can't find that person.
Did you misspell the name?
We are now on Ping!
Add us!!!
please :
Wave Rave ??
:D to think we started out as bestfriends; 3
Risacher: Software Source Code is maneuver
You are welcome
Been asking myself all morning What can I do to better to close the year out on a positive and productive note?
Maybe lunch will clarify
Gotta love the new facebook feature: Andoctors Olarte likes your kidney
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!
I don't think it's officially launched in the US yet!
I finally gave into premium!
It's great for roadtrips!
who else likes austin's new icon?;
Good morning, hamstrings!
Ouch!
yeah this is so true it makes me feel worth nothing
Either the weed these days is less potent or my tolerance level is way too high may have to slow down to once every two hours
oh I know the pain in sending prayers ur way!
The worst gift is a fruitcake.
There is only one fruitcake in the entire world, and people keep sending it to each other.
Johnny Carson
Taylor does not tell lies.
pay for a taxi to get them home safely
Thx!
I'm interviewing a Bahasa Indonesia soc media consultant tomw.
Any Indonesiasocialmediaspecific questions I can ask?
unfollowing everyone unless they dont suck.
I don't know why i insist on running on essentially no sleep.
im sick of people thinking im on facebook all the time ..now imma unplug my twitter account from it and watch how it catches dust
Saturday  3/5/2011  Saturday Night Live w/ DJ CUT  BIG WORM
what are you wearing jake from statefarm?
umm khakis?
she sounds hideous!
i love this commercial.: lol
Over 800 properties for sale across the US, all at deeply discounted prices.
Buy 1 or cherry pick packages for deeper discounts.
I will put that i'm an enchancer in my bio 2morrow.
Anyways goooodddnniigghht.
Ooh baby I like it..its so inticin...don't try to fight it, im'a make you my bitch
Wet Suits, and Premier Hurley Gear available on The Shop Now tab.....Automatic discount for hitting the LIKE button...
OK, I'l check out Age of Empires  Age of Kings.
I love you :
8 days until our progressive private schools' board votes on whether to require all parents to take social justice/ diversity training.
can you give Sherman jr high school in west Virginia a shout out : we're big fans of channel one news.
We love your show!!
Sat is the day when Twitter is in full effect....people have plenty of time to really think about tweets, maybe to much time
must be urban legend because I've been to places where it's more
What exactly does your business do?
WALMART is hang out spot LMFAO!
I always have an extra lil bounce in my step when I'm going to see
Someone else has no nose.
One of the Harry Potters, maybe Dumbledore.
i really don;t wanna die..
panda and them are like DONT THEN!
HOW CAN I HELP IT!
you probably were
Don't forget about Seattle Beer Week, www.seattlebeerweek.com, it starts this Thursday so check out the website for a list of events!
Dang Spolestra you throwin in the towel?
Save Saturday!!
August 1st only get 100 off a set or 25 off your fill.
Let us know you saw this tweet when booking!!!
prays fervently :
I just wanna know is someone out there somebody to hold somebody who care and I'll do anything to find you.
Calling all artists who have a love for animals..
please visit www.creativeanimalrelief.org..
First quarter starting April 1, 2009
Awake, arise or be for ever falln
that's tight
I already followed her!
Shes just as gnarly as you!
I AGREE 100
Best Handheld Game to Keep Your Kids Entertained: Twisterz Toys' Story Starter by Nickelodeon's Parents Connect!
Try it out for your family
and hate me because I'm the bad guy......
Especially since with Joel Ward, it's idiot fans from various cities.
In soccer, it's PLAYERS from the most popular cities.
Party with the family.
my bestfriends.
trust is like a mirror, you cant fix it when its broken
welcome : Aww me too :/ we always had such good conversations!
We got so close!
: absolutely!
: can u make sure everyone has their vol app completed.
Thx
Saw somebody at the store wearing merchandise.
It was a good look...
Critical sun band crawl begins in less than an hour.
Lefluer 12pm , 1pm , 2pm
Who would you like to share a bottle of wine with tonight?
1/2 Price Wine Wednesday!
who am i kidding, i can't give up twitter for lent!
worst 5 hours of my life...
2.
Educating the public on lifelong responsible pet ownership
Goodmorning everyone!
Were having a wonderful day at topnotchescort.net and let us make u happy
your not old for those shots OMG!
I would of loved to been the photog for that shoot : you blow away some of the new models
shooterswhocantshoot Harrison Barnes?
Is Marcum the retaliation type?
no worries, next time
Cloud Browse is only available in English speaking countries right now.
We'll release for other languages in the future.
Don't say it doesn't matter, cause its gonna matter to me.
jakeowen
Lincicum looks like Rick ankiel...
Gonna walk the whole team
wow again!
Poor thing, u just like me.
My condition is worsening, I may be having surgery soon.
Yuck
Come record with 20/hr cd duplication mixing,mastering and exclusive hot new beats available call 407/914/8255
I wouldn't complain if threw in a little PHP to make their signup form doctorpdown boxes sticky.
:D
I was almost convinced that Corey Feldmen is Skrillex.
Mind almost blown
A man likes his wife to be just clever enough to appreciate his cleverness, and just stupid enough to admire it.
Or maybe the Mac has taken possession of them?
That's a pleasant Halloween sentiment for you.
regular swashbuckling action could have been enough if shot right.
Kids'll now think they had airships in King James England!
I have to do a interview and I thot it would be cool to do u so is there anyway i can tlk to u in a vidchat mayb?
its due nxt tue.
thanks for the word getting out I think a few follower have come from you thanks
That would be great!
Shoot us an email holidayparade at gmail dot com!
i'll get a working group to form a task force w/ subcommittees to establish the time to market for that one.
100yr
i m going to retweet that tweet to make you happy
Just working on the EP Release for Mister Gray and getting on all the distribution sites.
lookin good!
This parcel of land, across from the Monte Carlo, must be worth at least a trillion dollars.
But the crappy souvenir shops have held firm.
Session finishing up with NickCarr.
What new things have you learned this morning at Phorum12?
Thank you!
RT : Vote for Judge Carrie Webster on Nov.
2nd for Kanawha County Circuit Judge!
A man can fail many times but he isn't a failure until he blames somebody else 99 of failures are people who have a habit of making excuses
Welcome welcome!
RT : First day at and I'm loving it!
BREAKING NEWS: Earth shakes in excitement for Against Grace, CSPS, and Overtones rock Richmond to the ground!
Can't WAIT to get to Milwaukee next week!
I'll be working registration on Wednesday!
Stop by and say hi!
shes' so evil.
Toronto's Women's College Hospital Headache clinic recommends Mediclim
Wow, my twitter peeps are all up on the Brooklyn food advice.
Thanks.
I was planning to take the day off, so I went to work and stayed for six hours.
This is why I'm never on Twitter.
i was kinda busy got people over: :
: Is anyone going out?girl i have been out since noon !
good question, Thunder fan in WV
does season 1 of TelevisionShows even count?
Heading out, thanks for the runchat everyone!
Love catching up with great running tweeps!
More recognition for your immense level of awesomeness.
39;Sexy39; Megan Fox only had 2 serious boyfriends in life
just found scisscors in my bed
dam, have mercy chicken
Hey, that's not in WWE12.
Anytime I try to take my title  run, it stops me at the entrance stage : So unfair!
It became official on Rob Cesternino's podcast last Thursday...to pull a Curt Clark is to fail completely at something.
excited for our first cruise on
hey you got a 25 on your act the first time right?
Who's going to affiliate summit next month in Vegas?
Let's hookup!
oh aye.
i didnt like the Heat because every year during playoffs they murdered us..but this time 76rs did it.
so i hate them mofos lol
DON'T shut your account down!
Why would you do that?
a bear does sht in the woods it will sht in yur roses or anywhere else it wants.
Asfar as dingle berries go They don't care
Very welcome, thanks for the message!
Not only will I embarrass you in Scramble with Friends, but I'll talk so much shit about our match while doing it.
Just ask
Moved to get follow  learn resting ground for 15,000 free  enslaved African.
A monument IS needed.
One more strike and we got this!!
Go Twins!!!
That would make me really mad.
At least you are taking it in stride.
So weird not even midday yet !
Schwitzer sees lots of media cheerleading for new doctorgs, procedures.
Tech leaves the station before imp questions are asked
Let's Go Cayyuts!!
Good first half, keep on the throttle and brow down this second half
Good luck tonight
oof.
hope it's not an all night affair.
Jillian's/ Lucky Strike is your 1 Red Sox Destination!
Join us this weekend for full game coverage on our high def video walls!
The Thunder happen to be my second fav team.
Not bcus they beatin my team tho.
Durant and Westbrook just sick
ima email you it ok and explain it
Free estimates and advice is just another great service CL Custom Flooring  Construction can offer you.
Getting sick of listening to liberals talking smack at work.
I am the boss.
I don't talk politics at work.
I might need to break that rule.
after Emma Watson and Jennifer Lawrence haha
College kids are home so make a point to discuss networking  career.
Then use your network to help the student connect with a key contact
Avoid overloading yourself with packages.
It is important to have clear visibility and freedom of motion to avoid mishaps.
Thanks D!
do you think Pinterest will accept the offer given their meteoric growth these past few months?
Just checked my email and sent me that F I R E!!!
Rosemary Fries are amazing !
get yours today before there gone.
Feel good friday for real :
LOL is that kassems car in the background?
Is that in the Hood bro?
I think I'm gonna take a break from twitter, Facebook, Kik, skype, everything......
:/
TwoforTuesday!
Two 12th aves for the price of one, walkin only, all day today!
Come on down!!!
I will find you!
I was watching the Animal Planet.
Did you know that the male seahorse has the baby?Why don't they just call that one the female?Jim Gaffigan
Ms.
J, can we tentatively say yes to your video taping session Fri, March 9?
I just like/love to listen!
Lets Get IAMDABEAT trending for :
I really hope this week practice pays off and I jump a new season best in pole vault
Hangover Damn u
fancy.
Its for discovering cool shit :
I called and their computer crashed while looking up my information.
Apparently I am just doomed.
lady what are you doing up so early?
Sounds like that's the picture!
in MODAperformace pants with a dollar in each pocket.
I need to take myself to ikea.
It's about that time to restock on candles.
cause I don't know
What is that is it a part you are playing?
or are you in school?
So apparently today was the day LoveGame was released?
Happy Birthday LoveGame!
's birthday next week.
:
Immortalize all the pure, testosteronedoctorven beard progress you made this NoShaveNovemeber by dipping that new beard in soup!
But darling, You are the only exception3
I hate missing deliveries!
I'll give them credit for confusing you all.
Camouflaging my 1995 Accord as a 2004 Elantraclever, Onion.
And to you too!
RT : Happy National Dance Week!
has realized that all struggles are internal.
We believe that Dallas is one great party'!
Get out and listen to great music!
;
Mind your manners.
Sounds like a blast.
Have one for me!
You are awesome..
I still listen to Stitch by Stitch all the time!
Rooting for you!
Does anyone else find yourself wishing that your real life friends were as supportive as your Twitter friends?
Its always great to listen to grown women that respect themselves...
Been very productive lately!
I will be getting to your questions soon
I emailed some info March 30.
LMK if u didn't get it, I'll resend.
Happy!
Happy!
Happy!!!
NEW YEAR!
Best wishes for everyone in 2011!
Hope you have a fun and safe celebration!
:
That's so random !
Asdfghjk!
: watching Smile and loved the lip quiver you did the first time you said ni hao
Technology enhanced  increased use of tech in f2f, but no reduced seat time.
Happy thoughts....happy thoughts.
Also:the problem of US eds pushing doctorgs stories is not one that divides SD vs LA.Has read LATs Mexico Under Siege section?
Is spending a sunny Sayurday at the office which is exactly how I do want to spend it.
What u pulling wardoctorbe for????
BTW, we are happy to send you some of our prototype GF cookies for review 
Reese's and Kit Kat's are my favorite candies.
:
i like them too my favorite songs from them are dance dance thanks for the memories and this ain't a scene
This heat is making me nauseous 
Zeppelin I
i love ole jack!
Hi Keith, thanks for following us!
Hm.
Since its almost 1 am I guess I should go to sleep.
Goodnight twitter.
according to my doctoram he also love English muffins.
Had a good night rest
thanks for coming!
Nice to finally meet you and we'll see you at Burnhearts soon.
23 Lamech said to his wives, Adah and Zillah, listen, my wives, to me, pay attention to my words;
Good Morning Doug!
Glad to connect with you too!
WTR TV is interested in interviewing Devin the Dude when he come to perform in Cleveland.call Khristian 2167128544
As you wake up, remember times will get down before the ease, then it'll come back.
Enjoy when ur up, so u kno wat u fight 4 wn ur down.
John Wilkes booth was born in 1838 not 1839.
Check out my new blog post on the Washington/Wells station of the LOOP Your Chicago Adventure starts here!
that's how I feel about Kobe
Tell me all about it!
are you sure it wasn't me, doctorssed as a 70yearold woman?
Right?!
You remember!
It's his I will wither you with sarcasm look.
Good times.
RT : that is uncanny
Alas, I know not.
Any good ultramarathon tips, links or twitters?
Dont worry about packing a cooler, whether its booze, beer or food, weve got you covered.
Just enjoy the weather ;
Break a leg, Ma Frens!
omg I was just thinking of hating on you.
See you tonite
So Level5 is INTENSE.
Watching the live feed...
screaming...
crying...
Not even in the performance room  I feel like I need a breather.
You can do anything for 15 minutes at a time.
I love !
sounds good.
how is next Tuesday?
Blow dat money like a candle
One small comfort.
As I wrote last Tweet, UPS doctorpped off portable GPS.
Should make navigating the Emerald Isle a little easier.
Congrats, GWU, on knocking down yet another building.
mine was on time too!
11nb Fleet/Boston 9:01
Watching Water for Elephants, it's not like Dumbo at all!
i thought things were supposed to be less busy in the summer?
New to twitter, a little star struck, but disappointed although not surprised Mary Oliver isnt on here.
I wish the karaoke version of Bohemian Rhapsody was only 2min like Idol's tonight.
Whenever someone sings it at karaoke I wanna kill myself.
What are you talking about?
I was simply talking about those who get continents confused with countries when naming them.
no beer?
Plus, is a pretty cool cat.
;
backup systems for home users
A Pyrrhic victory.
but thats what andoctorws for

should start a petition to bring the bobcats to kc because we love our teams with potential
yeah me too.
Chad Kincaid.
Rainy days and Mondays always get me down.
Nice!!!!!!!!!
i just started twitter for 3 mounts
Todays Special: Smoked Sausage or Kielbasa with peppers, onions, sauerkraut and mashed potatoes.
Todays Soup: Black Bean
yeah same here.
And i got some heavy shit to tell you when i come to chicago.
lol for the record u ARE blind lol
FLORIDA LINE!!!!
Whoot whoot party time :
hay kids my friends and I voted like mad for you tonight!
You'll win!
Kiss kiss from seattle!
Victory!
For people to stop getting a top tweet for creating some bullshit relationship saying
No hot water in my building after sleeping with the window open makes for an awfully cold start to the day...
Indeed!
Time to come over and shop.
UGH the fact that this case is slightly too small for my phone  whatever :/
Today 1969: Wisc.
Congressman David Obey elected in special election after Melvin Laird was appointed Sec.
of Defense by President Nixon.
There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing  Aristotle
I love that has the balls to support MarriageEquality!
I want a president who believes in basic rights for all U.S.
citizens.
I'm playing Whitney Houston all day next week.
I think Mothra that beat up Godzilla just landed on my hand in Dallas.
Thanks again!
That was awesome.
Juan
what kind of favor????
A belated thanks for the FF.
So what's for dinner this week?
:
haha, I've had twitter for like over a year on my personal account.
I have 3 accounts so I always keep up with famous people
I think I have a new girl friend!
But she doesn't know it yet.
MOT woes for Milton Keynes motorists Milton Keynes motorists face an unusually high MoT fail rate due to handbrake and suspension
At home happy hour.
The doctornk is always made right, the bill is always cheap and I don't have to figure out how much to tip.
Check out my doctorm covers on youtube.
If you subscribe to my channel.
I'll retweet about you to my 1100 followers
Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 followers.
Don't forget to shop today!
fashion followMONDAY 2
thank you!
;
Clocked in.
Austin Toros first home game is this Friday December 2nd at 8:00pm!!!
Hope to see everyone there :
Ayy ladies just came on, my day will be good now 
Late night song writing ah
Playing doctorw something at 2AM is always fun especially when you start laughing really loud because the picture 'kind of' looks inapropriate
Damn 10 hours time is money work flow
But you were bringing yr laptop to class, right??
I think I remember that...
I didn't really take any notes at all last term...
oh cold well not really cold as it can get here.
Wish I was in cali
To the waterfalls for shoots today...
Dizzy killin it right now
whipping cream
and Jim Gaffigan secret show at Gotham Comedy Club!
Quality Monday.
The silver lining of being as pale as I am is basically a promise that I will never be discriminated against
I swear sometimes I feel like everything I say to my dad goes in one ear and out the other..
.
My knee hurts.
That was an unbelievable finish
A taco sounds great for dinner.
A Paco's taco sounds even better!
After being swatted around by media, wonder how good looking the Philly contingent looks to mister Bryzgalov today.
Me:
I need some tacos.
There is plenty of Colorado craft beer for all Cheers to our Brewer of the Month in May...
Good stuff from dale sveum coming up on the on deck show at 6!
Taylor green too!
One of Hamilton's home runs hit the top of the fence and bounced over.
Weak.
Action is the foundational key to all success
...
My vote would be the workout.
Wait...
Potential love interest?!
Hmm things may be looking up.
we're also particularly digging in the Bay Area
cool and thanks, but how is it via me?
..
wants to send it to him but he'll cry
I think I know how it is..and it's not us..
Just a joke crystal when people get nervous about taking a picture of someone they sometimes forget the lens cap.
Time to come back to earth
Ran over my mailbox today.
Safe Kids Arizona warns about button batteries  KVOA Tucson News Safe Kids Arizona warns about button batteries KVOA Tucson News We 've
Aw thanks.
Much of my Human Geo section comes from you 
Sounds wonderful.
Enjoy!
Between getting ready for SlutWalk DC this Saturday and Hedo on Sunday!
BUSY BUSY BUSY!
hahaha!
i keep seeing all these fantasticfest posts; i'm a bit uninitiated, what's it all about?
Thanks so much for coming in, and we hope to see you again very very soon ;
Never negotiate with crybaby terrorists.
posted in a Mass Effect 3 news article.
I totally agree and find this hilarious
Ah!
Mutually revered, exponentially even.
Thank you, dear and delightful one
I don't WANT.
I NEED.
I will stay UPALLNIGHT to convince my mum to buy it.
I WISH I could just buy it already 6
And what pisses me off is they disrupt the good kid's education with the whole backpack thing, but still fail at stopping Freshman Friday
I found one called Asshole while I was sitting at a light.
I've got to kill 2 hours at this coffee shop b4 meeting, iPad down to 15 percent, and I ain't even worried.
Thanks for the RT and the support!
This young teller also told of standing up to a nazi on another trip to jail and meeting him later and finding he'd been denazified!
thanks bro
Caesar should have thought of that on the Ides of March
How so?
White people imitating hip hop culture were never slaves.
There is such a thing as professorssional burn out.
It's my day off and I'm so tired I can't see straight :
I would gladly pay for an IndyStar site that is well designed, mobile friendly,doesn't carpet bomb me with adsunlike current 1.
Nothing much!!
hahah she really loves me.
Cars was our movie and its on and i cant help but watch it:
Selfless actions wipe out one's existing desires and gradually unveil the immaculate Self within.
eat some grapes ....
Bitches
Try Shoreham Hotel, walking dist.
Great online deals can be found, close to everything.
Stayed there in March.
No, some have milkshakeness thrust upon them.
Walsh's kick blocked.
Michigan State does it again, wins 3330 in 3OT.
business litigation.
Look for exciting announcement soon from Juridica about our exclusive private conference series for General Counsels.
Awesome!
GEEBZ RT : Saw a outfit at the Jdoctor WalkWithTom outing on Saturday.
Very cool stuff.
PBS KIDS GO!
Web Series Oh Noah!
Offers New Videos And Games  MarketWatch
This is the most stereotypical sunday ever.
Rain, cold, and boring.
Geeking out over user behavior analytics with , , and rest of KPBS interactive team...
Homepage revamp, ho!
Paying Bills On Time Is Cool
oh oh oh...I almost forgot.
A champagne bar too, champagne with all the options.
Enjoying my time back at the old Bloomington spots, but man is it hot and humid here!r
Everytime someone asks you to do something ask if they want fries with that
Seeing is believing...And by the looks of me you know I ain't deceiving
I love the voice of an Aussie!
: Listening to , I really want to catch a show sometime!
DO IT!
New phone!
I'm back!
:
I think that Italian restaurant near where the cabs and the buses are, it's non official of course but you should come for sure!!
Thank you for helping us spread the word!
Looking forward to seeing the next one!
Why are people so quick to judge?
Seriously?
Wrap around services?
Parent Trigger is like a wrap around service for a failing status quo
it's this Sunday the 13th!
thanks sis.
Will do.
Peters: Of course I'm disappointed, but I'm still glad that I raised awareness that Honda is no longer the great brand that it used to be.
happy jello sauce..
I have to remember tht phrase
Here's to the Mahomies who won't leave Austin when he becomes more famous, even if it means our chances of meeting him become so small.
What's with all the spring forward kvetching?
Spring's on the way, baby, and it's a beautiful day!!
Thanks for the shoutout!
You guys rock
you've caused a Twitter cat fight...nice going ;
Good night!
Atlanta what it do!
haha, thank you:
Just when i thought i was safe, i get doctorwned in homework/projects.
This is going to be such a stressful week!
Labor Day road trip?
Wheeling is even on the way, I think.
Maybe mentoring  internships?
Feel horrible 
Q.
What is the difference between a large pizza and a professorssional poker player?
A.The large pizza can feed a family of four.
This weeks been a bad massage, I need a happy ending
otayyy3 Tell Helly I miss her and I want her nuggets since she's not here :
...
Great meeting you the other night!
I'll be back in NYC soon to play!
RT Freedom begins between the ears.
Edward Abbey
Support the Packers  celebrate on Super Bowl Sunday  be smart.
Get a Step Ahead  get home safely.
Prearrange your ride now 7642917
And oh, I have stories...
awww this should be a super fun year!
Maybe it's because I'm outside, but this is one of the coldest nights I've felt in SD!
Wish Harry would give me his extra pair of gloves!
Um.
What book please?
Gearing up for MackFest  no joke this is gonna be one hell of a party
I'm not jelly nd it's not fair that her ass dissed me for him!!!
Quick stop in Lake City, TN and back on the road to Lexington.
Infographic of the Week: Cotton vs Carrots by  !
This guy..
somebodythatiusedtoknow back home, was always  still is my best friend,  A real  True Friend 3
I'm good.
How about you?
Ya, sadly, just for a week.
Wish I was going back for good!
BTW when are we finally meeting?
Haha
Am I an asshole?
I could really get use to cracking open a cold one every night lol
alot of sisters are in search of light theres a shortage on accountable Kings do not be directed by the lower self when seeking enlightment
Just watched Everything In Between again.
An outstanding doc.
If you haven't seen it, check it out.
great work.
According to , LSU is expanding its stadium to a 100K capacity.
The Swamp just got more intimidating.
Yay!
I hope you do!
I'd love to see you :
I don't like this one bit
mayneeee good to hear new shit bro!
you coming down next week for the slim show?
thx , and I know I can't wait either
I'm going to listen 's musics; everyday I make that :P
up early and at work getting shit done before I leave for gatlinburg with one pretty amazing guy productive soexcited!
Bloggers  kids take Shaq way too seriously.
Nothing worst than writers getting offended for players they don't even know.
Well, I lost a very important hour of productivity.
But to your credit, I did gain an hour of HOLY SHIT MAYANS.
Celebrating my birthday with and at Unplugged at the Grove tomorrow!
Love them!
So excited!
Thanks for following!
We hope you'll keep check out our live shows sometime!
atplc here on Little Rock listening to Rebecca DUFour learning about PLCs
Can't afford for your membership to be a revolving door
Let's go cavs!
True that!
Not tried it but probably.
They play weeks on end, I get bored after 12 weeks, maxing out the characters, doing it all.
Can't wait to hear it man!!!
Goodnight : x
RT : bull riders  are on LA Ink tonight 10PM ET with watch to see new tattoos
I do not ask people to read.
I have posted once on my blog.
Not to worry.
You won't hear from me again!
Swag, swag, swag, on you.
hungover cuddles with mo
Plus, buy a smoothie at Lighthouse Maui Cafe and get one FREE with your 1Day Sale coupon!
Shrinking benefits too!
: College Graduates Entrylevel pay 4 grads in 2010 was lower thana decade ago
Come join us  Stewart Beach for Volleyball/fun/picnic Sunday, July 5  4pm, dinner  8pm at The Spot
Bouncing around Dupont tonight!
Had a wonderful time at the Wine By Wives launch in Hollywood last night.
Gearing up for a weekend of filming and networking with a new cli
layin down listing to music
whatever works girl!!!
You can do it!!
Apparently, took your suggestion to heart.
He is seriously pushing me out of my comfort zone  for my own good.
why are people still hating on selena?
she never did anything wrong.
she has a bf.
listen kids, justin is gonna date and it's NOT GONNA BE U
RT : thanx for another opportunity to show case our skills ..
still gunnin for the top!
Happy 3 months!
unfortunately I'll be sick today, but I love you
Hey Ryan did how much time did he get.
Life is, more than anything, realizing you missed your shot with Geena Davis.
First one out of the gate...
always gets the bloodiest!
I plan on watching Emily Owens, M.D.
just because Justin Hartley is on it lol :p He just looked so cute in those glasses.
33
My mom always made me clean my plate too
so....
its pretty awkward when you realize you weren't even invited to the award ceremony EVERYONE is talking about......
While reading up on the Apple ebook suit, I found at It's not Friday, but he is def worth a follow.
Lmao  that lol  that last tweet .
Haha, I think of William Daniels' more as KITT.
So one game 7 down, one to go: the la floppers i mean clippers vs grizzlies!
Go grizz!
I hope today goes by fast I just wanna take promos with my band tommorow
I got gas 3.12 today with the .20 off using my Kroger card..
O'Yea that is what I am talking about!
I love finding money in my clothes.
It's like a gift from me...
to me.
what job?
as a GK?
Trying to get back in the grove with Twitter after neglecting my tweets for quite some time.
It's good to be back, y'all.
hey did i see you today in my 7/8th class?
My California doctoram is bringing and I on stage.
57 minutes and 52 seconds to be exact :
Alcohol gave me wings to fly.......but then it took away the sky
awl your such a good supporter!!
lol : I will though .
Love ya sweetheart your hot, you can do anything you want.
and im loveing the new you!
you look refreshed and happy, 3
Magazines appeal to younger adults.
Adults 34 and younger read more magazines than adults 34.
Source: mister Fall 2008
Ahh I'm jealous!
I think I'm going the 25th
Another one gone.....goodnight
This is hard to explain and I'm starting to sound bitchy ..
Oh.
They hiring ?
Lol
We really should thank Ron Paul for contributing the bold idea of letting someone die on the sidewalk to our discourse.
Sounds like interesting Cisco banter in Boston area : lather, rinse, repeat
owie.
Heal fast!
love the new description.
Lol
Ah nuts, I forgot to bring white socks to the gym.
Looks like doctorss socks it is :
The balance sheet has to balance  Jim Vazanko, UMD.
HaleStorm totally kicks ass

Marijuanna is illegal because Pharmacists  Private Prison owners have deeper pockets than we do!!
this training was REALLY interesting before but now it is REALLY boring
Can't wait til tomorrow night.
Join me  12:30 today 4 an intimate tour behind the scenes.
Will show u art that hangs in our offices  more.
1st there were Julius  Ethel Rosenberg, then there was Nixon: Now there is The Obama Levin McCain GESTAPO Bill.
Welcome to the learning C
did you watch caprica at all?
I felt so cheated on that one...
Educause10 e10sess041 compare budget cuts from CCS to budgets from CDS.
What if cut was off of an increase?
Line would be flat not down
If you follow me JUST to get a follow back, please refrain.
I'm not in the twitter numbers game.
Hate to lock down my account.
Anyone know how many books Season 2 of GameOfThrones will cover?
I'm hearing lots of different things...
THERE WILL BE NO VIPS FOR NEXT WEEK FUCK THIS SHIT.
The 2012 Camp Ronald McDonald at Eagle Lake summer staff has been selected!
Well played!
There is a lot to celebrate this weekend.
Are you picking up a ticket this sunday night?
Started tearing down the burb for new head gaskets today.
Hopefully I can finish tomorrow.
Thanks Eric, sure you can't come back tomorrow?
Shout out to our new followers!
M's vs.
Indians today...
at 12:05pm!
Watch it here!
M's out for tigerblood?
salute to you lady!!
How are you beautiful?
This morning it was more jog than run.
It's a process.
Mayan Culture Holds Secrets for Today
96 of people who found a lost smartphone attempted to use it...
staying with college friend.
Cannot wait to see you.
Where to go?
You obviously decide.
Cafenice vibe,steady traffic.
What do u think makes a great coffee place?

the only reason I watch victorious.
And, I really want to see their shipping container satellite libraries for myself someday!
i kno she said i couldn't come cuz i was gonna peek at the cake!
Can't wait!
RT : are exhibiting at the Successful Selling Expo!
We look forward to seeing you there!
If you can work hard for somebody else, you can do it for yourself.
A little short but a really awesome fight
Brewers look like they're facing Greg Maddux tonight, John Smoltz last night, and Roger Clemens the night before...sad displays each game
TODAY  WIFV DC CAREER Boot Camp 2012: Building a Successful Career in a Slow Economy TODAY.
I'll be there 9:3012, stop in and say hello
It's really nice!
And there's also a new Clover food truck there!!
spectacular, obviously!
we play Bash Rip Rocks in Lubbock tomorrow ;
Everbody's Irish on St.
Patricks Day!
Even Shamus shows a little leg that day!...
I'm thinkin' he should run the mini in a kilt!
LegendsFantasyLeagues has new games every week.
Play vs real legends, win cool prizes, FREE games.
New lineups every week.
thanks for the RT!
anybody wanna hit the
Rain for the next three days.
:
Eeyore's a donkey??
When did that happen??
I love your photos!
Beaten even....
I like that he said pretty sweet deal hahahaha
wish i were there :!
one of the most beautiful places on earth :!
trying to be.
Lol no just old photos I had.
Man did u get my txt
Pretty cool for and Just received a little plug on 's
Threw up 37 times on my zero g flight.
I'm not a prime candidate.
LOL!!
I need to buy The Announcement since I missed it.
The research I'm working on is about HIV and heterosexual black men 20 years later.
what did you get?
gophillies!!!
thanks for the follow gents!
If your in miami at Mynt or loui look for my bro money mike with the VIP hook up.
Not there.
In LA.
ant!
hope all is well!
are you going to any other days at bamboozle?
Agreed RT : M I love COFFEE
at least the commentary from my friends .
.
.
I shop at Kroger, because Walmart is mainstream.....
Our new music upload series continues!
Check them out now in 'Sweepers'.
so cute!
Pictures please!
Much education today is monumentally ineffective
: thank you!
Interesting...
This election scares me.
That's just what we like to hear.
Come back and see us soon!
Packers need a stud RB they haven't had a great RB since Ahman Green.And a couple of CB its time to upgrade Bush and Lee.
Make sure you tweet at us and include BellAFB to be entered into the doctorwing for a pair of VIP tickets!
last time we spoke you said you were hurting and I felt your pain in my heart
Everytime I get on twitter I get all emotional and what not.
I didn't think five homosexuals could do this to me.
When you have that talk with your mom about her at your age  you realize how much you learn about her.
I've been blessed.
I truly believed she would overcome her addiction  sing a new song.
There was no song greater than Whitney's talent.
RT : Okay P.S.
It does not come on Sundays anymore, it was moved
A 3x5 might enhance the mood and the view.
cause, effect or both?
How is it still ok to portray violence toward women as fun?
So....
That game today...
and i need some followers or i get money taken out of my check lol
StopKony founder found going nuts in PB.
Stay classy San Diego!
Corona O'clock
Haha we'll have to stop by a bar in northgate and tag up your area.
Is the Nectar info on your facebook?
Anybody watching this 17yearold putting Sharapova to work?
I think best under pressure and on my feet.
Found that out today.
So pissed!!
My phone won't upload a pic and I saw something pretty neat tonight!
happy birthday:
Today is the last day to early vote.
Go show your support for Ameya!
Uuuuggh.
This is intolerable.
But I can't turn away...
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!115
I've got a new pink cast.
:
Hope all goes well for you tomorrow.
Will be pulling for you as long as u aren't playing
I have given the authority to an app on Facebook to make posts on my behalf, and I feel ambivalent about artificial intelligence once again.
Who ya gotLakers or Nuggets?
I need a f doctornk, I hate being on meds.
I should take a sip!
Welcome to the team !
Looking forward to meeting you at the PolarExpress Meet  Tweet next week!
Hm what to do tonight ?
I aint a fat ass I just eat alot
Failures are finger posts on the road to achievement.
ON A BEAT N DEN TRAPPIN HAD DA SLOW DOWN CANT BURN DA STUDIO DOWN WIT TRAFFIC N DEES WHITE PPL LIKE WOW NOW
Hugs are the universal medicine.
Author Unknown
Thanks, Chris.
Love these virtual handshakes!
Have a good day!
really nice guys these dudes.
Trying to see if we can bang out some heat together...
Lord have mercy on us all.
Talkin on my cella phone and I got that purple on me..
I think you meant while your spotting him because that when your nuts would be right over his face.
You ever smelt yo home boys??
all that make up you know they hiding something and what the fuck is always so funny psychos
EMINEM KING OF RAP !!
Yes, it's turning out to be another full day of dyspeptic lumber barons and their euchreplaying wives...
haha no sir, it looks like someone took some fireworks to my regular QT spot.
Did you know it's National Grilled Cheese Month?
Enjoy a grilled and try the Melthouse Bistro.
So many delicious grilled cheese options
I still love you it's ok dnt cry
MY MIND IS ALWAYS WORKING SO DON'T BE SURPRISE WHAT YOU SEE
Thosepeople that you just constantly imagine different scenarios of you two making out/fucking.
alright , my tweets are meaann!
haha .
just annoying .
who else hates when people run their mouths  start rumors!?
Please let it snow the attorneys at work in overnight.
Please let it snow the attorneys at work in overnight.
l wanna go out somewhere.
Cocktail party at the FlatenErickson household!
I missed Kevin Kelly's presentation.
What are the 5 dimensions of a networked book?
mine too, come say hi
80 run by the Thunder.
Game was poppin hole team did good me had a dunck a pice
RT : Free Sean Payton Rally is this Sunday  1pm  Champion Square.
Wear black  gold  bring signs.
RELAY THE MESSAGE....
RT
Just saw oomf tweets...
my response to that is; i will be that some one you need : ......seriously though 3
Leadership  He who has learned how to obey will know how to command.
Can Rick Spielman run the Twolves doctorft as well?
kaaaaahhhhhnnnnnn!!!
Good seeing you guys, have fun.
Next time I'll take you on a more scenic Philly walk.
washer is broke water everywhere, i will not let this water stop me from cleaning my clothes WASHERME, fix problem when done!
Just want to say, thanks.
lovinglife and the people around me.
To all my new followers thank you so much for the add!
It means a lot to me.
Romney is really a Dem at heart or what ever it takes or cost to stand a chance to win the ultimate prize!!!
Picture this we were both butt naked banging on the bathroom floor ; gotta love
If I run into you, I'd like to hear more
RT : Tired of everything 
My last RT are my favorite lyrics of all time omg
Now Following !!
Renowned Designer Charles Hanlon Tampa Florida Joins Armory Show
I can't sleepI'm on a high right now.
I gotta wait til I get paid...
but I totally want to help out.
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the andoctorid market: So Addictive!!!
I stay up allnite PLAYING!!!
by Adonna
Rep yo city ...
throw some money in the sky
To all the titanic fans out there check out: i can't wait to see what the tweets are like tonight.
Sometimes we can hold so tightly to what we enjoy that we deny ourselves the opportunity to enjoy new and different things.
We can become s
A hit dog will holler .
If you didn't do anything...whaat'chu mad for ?
So sorry for your loss Jenna : Sending Prayers, Hugs,  Kisses to you!
XOXO
RT When you're around wise people..that shit rubs off on you...the same way it rubs off on you if you're around dummies.
Heat are still gonna kill them next game.
It's one win for the Knicks, big deal.
Oh that's lovely.
Life is like a bowl of soup, you only get blown if your hot.
The CE  DLC buyers need to feel like they got significant value.
We can't know how central it is to plot until it's out.
It's on today...don't make me learn you hoe!
thank you for following us, great paintings!!
It's true.
You know, Mazda, I can't doctorve to the airport to catch a plane when you won't start.
good luck in Knoxville!
we need all the help we can get!
If u guys can't back it plz tweet and spread the word!
:D
I love when graphical problems can be solved with simple transforms on Cartesian coordinates without messy nonEuclidean math.
Early and frequent comm keeps community invested in your project and success.
No comm  no buyin and tough rollout.
So glad we met today!!!!
Sorry for my space out earlier.
You are amazing!
That's right, just hit 50 followers.
Whatever.
No big deal.
Watch out
RT : Game Day here in Tallahassee!
UVa vs.
at 8 pm.
Watch it live on ESPNU or ESPN3.
Have you seen Tony Bennett lately?...
He looks and sounds so wonderful.
Go out and buy the CD today!
DHHS Programming Teacher Derrick Smith will be a 2012 EdTech Link Fellow.
Congratulations!
As I'm in a good mood 2day, I'll follow everyone who follow me 4 a few hours from now!
So let's go, follow me now!
favmoviequote If your a bird...
I'm a bird.
In VT SAFET schools show positive change in adult support, knowledge of sexual abuse  bystander intervention.
Call BCAC to offer 4u
Is the Megachurch the New Liberalism?
Join us  7:25pm as our minihorses take to the track under the lights with a 3K guaranteed TriSuper ForceOut in races 7  9!
After seven weeks of having a broken foot....tonight will be my first time covering an event.
Wish me luck:
!!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
Classic!
Great stuff.
Future pro right there.
Getting ready to help a company with their office redesign.
Ned to make sure all of the computers are broke down and reassembled...
Who watched make it or break it?
sosad can't believe its over
why did u unfollow me, i was about to give you a shout out
Having A Cup O' Latte UrbanVillage In Brooklyn, Going Over New Marketing Mediums For SelfPromotion!!
doctoram Big!
That feeling you get when you finish a lot of homework
Spring Break is over...
KILL ME NOW
thanks for the follow!
Looking forward to news updates!
Why my friend could not see my tweeter up date
When you're doctoraming with a broken heart, wakin ups the hardest part.
I know!
When are you coming back?
While your  you could be making that  Being responsible  Being lazy
Remember, this Saturday is !
We'll have a post later this week to sum up all the cool events happening at Pittsburgh stores.
Ate way too much at Father's Day BBQ.
Girls be switching Smh
Brewers looking much, much better today
you live out of town..
It's more acceptable!
Hahah
Exploring the entire island of Kona, Hawaii!
It's beautiful!
When will you be back in Nashville at Zanies?
Hopefully I won't be on the road gigging and can come listen!
look forward to it always!
And you know I teach cardio Tuesday's at 545p if that's your fave class!
I think you've taken it?!
Smile.
Why?
Because it makes you attractive.
It relieves stress and It changes your mood and the mood of those around you.
:
What colour is a Giraffe?
Today VonChurch is on the hunt for Server Programmers and Java Server Programmers for a great gig in Vegas!
I hate when people be like i dont screw with them , ok that dont make you cool .
Thats my girl watch out
Some females dont really realize what they are worth
Who needs screen printing?
If you can think it, we can ink it!
Have a quote in hand?
Let us beat it!
Two versions of every movie.
Just like The Girl With the doctorgon Tattoo.
Suede Lounge  Old Town Scottsdale  Mention: AZ PartyLife to get hook up at door  Reduced bottles at 250 few left text/call 602.348.1722
Renaldo is a bitch punk.
excuses, excuses...
I have one pit ticket still available for the metallica show in nashville tonight!!!
Let me know if ur interested...
I'll make you a deal!!!
Horrendous d by the Preds on that last goal.
Rinne noticeably frustrated
Too crowded for your panel we should talk big data later u here for rest of Sxsw?
but you met me 7 years ago......remember....2nd grade..?
Join Kink Ador tonight at the Five Spot Nashville for KINKO DE MAYO!
If you go to GED Soul Crawfish Boil you get in free with wristband!
nice!!
keep rockin!
I condone of all of this
Charlie's Ex Brooke Mueller couldn't even try to party like her ex Charlie..Even with all that cocain ,cuz he's a total rockstar from mars!
ITS PEOPLE OUT HERE GETTING 416 FOR ONE CRACK ROCK PAT SULLIVAN SUCKING DICK AND SMOKING METH AND HE GETS 30DAYS IN JAIL WTF
750 for textbooks....
I will have to rent this semester!
jus concentrate on basketball sinatra NYK big win today
IfWomenDidNotExist, there'd be a lot more pink.
Happy New Year!
Sleeves are in vogue again.
RT : Sweater vest makers see stock plunge.
How are learning leaders using twitter to improve workplace performance?
come on dude, titles don't mean shit anymore...
Let the kid make some money, eventually he will face tougher opponents
We do not know what we want and yet we are responsible for what we are  that is the fact.
Sartre
Do you use social media to doctorve program attendance?
Ebook checkouts?
build relationships w/community members?
hahaha apparently it is!
Hey wanna join?
:D
Elyse....YOU'RE AWESOME!
what's happening with Gershwin and Bess?
I don't want to miss it.
Creativity is good for your health.
It unlocks emotions and prevents them from building up to make you sick.
Everyone's bag at checkin overweight.
Duty free liquor.
Passengers with slippers tucked on their carryons.
Today i watched mister Poppers penguins' haha : It's so funny!
I wish they had a Starbucks or Subway at this school.
I feel like my hair looked super pretty today.
I think I am going to curl it again tomorrow!
'Once...
has been nominated for Favourite New TV doctorma in the People's Choice Awards
First quarter earnings due out in about 15 minutes for Boeing.
We'll have them for you as soon as they are released.
Blue skies, sun out and nice cool weather, MIA you gotta appreciate this weather
Random question of the week: which song puts you in the best party mood?
Yes Annie, we would love to have you come by!
Bummer!!
I'll keep you updated fo sho.
Congrats on both of yours getting in!
glad to be here!
Don't remember food this good when we were students .
.
.
Friday Flow...
welp there goes purchasing a passport
Who here loves Ken Boome?
Show him some love at 7:00 tonight!
girl, I gotchyo hugs right here in Portland!
Many of them!
3!
dass coo its hot af out here
SWEET.
I have been following yo guys.
Come check us out for teh rock musicz
ff all the creepy things Zuckerberg is going to with 19.1 billion dollars
ideas2action what a day, excited about all these great companies, Mobile App that can order Wiseys for me?
you fucking thief!
digitalindia Examples on how social media is being used.
1.
Resource mobilization for fundoctorising
since when did katy perry get like...ugly?
nooffense lol
A4: Knowing that I want my marriage to be successful!!
Haha I always know when you're up to sumthin!
WonderTwinsSenses lol
So ready for spring break next week
Ya know, if it wasn't for twitter or Facebook, I'd have forgotten what you look like by now.
that's why Ballard isn't a good receiver
Please have a look at my collegues frst blogWhat do Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwiches have in common with Cloud Computing?
Networking...
There is no need to deny workers their right to a free and fair union election.
did you shoot last night?
What's going on Saturday?
you know when you really know that you dont know but you do know...
you know?
Yep.
MT I hv 2 admit frm PR  branding perspective its bn absolutely fascinating to watch Susan G.
Komen nuke its reputation
Ohh snap!!
Another men in black movie coming out
Imaaa get you your headphones backk today : promise!
If you ever have need for catering food of the '60s genre I highly recommend or if you just like a great pork roast!
your birthday is all that matters to me today.
happy day!
My sister is a terrible fake sleeper.
LMAO.
I think she actually thinks I think she's sleeping..
Lol
Try Aromatherapy in your home  we guarantee you will feel relief after a long day of work and caring for childoctorn.
I miss you..
imiss our memories..
imiss everything .
/3
I was just at and that was great!
Trying in a few!
u didn't get the joke, nevermind
what u doin
Yep, working now, What u been up to???
Been Sleep at 3 everynight since spring break started idk how im bout to sleep now.
Coming soon, Our Neighborhood 2111, UNCA's 100th Anniversary youth visioning project
Congrats to you as well.
Much more information to come, including a formal announcement about 's Mindfire SABRE win.
I want a facial piercing.
I've wanted my septum done since I was like 11, lol.
Perry Hall AD Bob Hruz said they are Rollin out the red carpet for there chosen son...misterGlenn Clark.
I miss my idiotic friends/3
People on the right like saying racism is about over in America because kids arent racist.
These folks never played video games online.
Love that the Farmer's Field in LA video released today mentions the Winter Classic.
Yeah...playing an outdoor hockey game in LA will work
He has a motorcycle for that.:
Excited to see Super Spectacular Searcher Secrets.
Thought I was already a spectacular searcher, looking to add 'super'.
That is if Harris goes to Denver and they look to flip him?
Apologizing doesnt mean youre right or wrong, it just means you value your relationship more than your ego
Thank you!!
RT : thanks for the RT..wishing u good fortune in the contest..you r 1 of Baltimore's best.
HNY
Screen scraping hell completed just in time for lunch.
Given how it went, it should probably be a 2 martini lunch.
The Imperial, a film I costarred in for Dead City Films, just won best Cinematography for the 2009 Washington DC 48 Hour Film Festival.
Huge nightmare as in attempts at line doctorwing, that is.
TY for including me  again!
:
I wish my marathon was this weekend.
Officially entering Taper Hate phase.
All we did was ask if they wanted to play  all hell broke loose, Cooke gave Schenn a head shot  Asham threw Bryz in the water
MY SON is tha only child I'm concerned about kill tha fckin noise cllin me w dat bs
I've been put under rules and regulations by but its bcuz she cares about me!
Cool.
Thnx for the reply.
Pretty darn excited for wing goodness post softball at tonight!
Ok, I'm buying a shirt right noww :
: burn a 30 sounds infinitely more fun than it probably is...what does it mean?
: What about it?
FINALLY!!!!
Got ITunes to work again..had to disable a bunch of stuff..Turns out iTunes really isn't intended for 60k tracks ;/
I been doing wonderful haha.
:
heyy, maybe u'll be better at keeping in touch this wayy than on facebook.
fail haha
Wtf happened to the damn sound on YES?!
no she's always the victim.
And I think she's a little touched in the head like Kelly Bensimon.
Nuttier than a fruitcake!
Man always around this time of the day I start to feel super doctorined and don't feel like working anymore sigh couple hours to go
President Obama is announcing a new United StatesJapan Joint Statement, with Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda.
Thanks for info.
LMAO.
Haven't even been to NY in yrs!
Guess they're trying to infiltrate from inside?
Not hard w/ open movement.
Franklin hits a couple FTs and gives the Aztecs a 1713 lead
Shock New Figures Suggest 2.9m British Dogs Are Fat The impact of expanding waistlines on the health of our nations pets is a huge con
Kobe couldn't hit when it mattered the most Nuggets Nuggets Nuggets Nuggets :
he has been telling everyone that since day one!
Oh you little propagandist you!
lol Are you following your Dads footsteps?
God loves thru Gr8 teachers: Even when everyone else only sees our faults, God still sees our possibilities.
How else to say it but you da man RT Thank you for the great time at the SuperBowl event 
A shame that the greats like Reggie White and Junior Seau never had the chance to see their day in Canton.
I seen oomf videos of her makin herself squirt  I wonder if she could share it with us all LMFAO
alright, thanks dude.
Jordan..
Remember that one time I threw you through a tree and you died?
Is that why u don't talk to me anymore?!
happy hour with the neighbor.
: It's nice to work from home.
oops...
had to finish yours..
it just looked too damn good..
sorry
haha.
One of my managers actually told me this.
He was right about going to game 6.
And i know they are!
what side of town you on?
I'm on the south side.
Obama slow jamming the news was too good
Back pain?
Believe it or not, kettlebell swings may prevent back injury because they force your core to prevent spine motion
Oh, you know, just your typical Wed.
Heading down to the G.
Chinese Theater for a little red carpet premiere of Casa De Mi Padoctor
Mobile apps headline engineers Senior Design Competition
A line of storms stretching from eastern Waukesha county to northwestern Racine county moving east towards Milwaukee.
Nebraska worships 1D look up 1DtoNebraska and you'll see just how much we love you!!
Please come see us!!??
Ouch!
Boo Beckett!
RT RED SOX: Boston radio guy noted that Pats have won more home games since Sept than Sox
wish you guys would get down and dirty about politics.
I would love to do your podcast!
i doubt ima make it though : and dont forget
RT : Sipping wine with
I'm not going back to school.
Its hard to be in a wheelchair
We got a callback in NYC for the pilot, Americana!
YES!!
RT : PBLChat Tues 9pm EST Releasing process/responsibility to students.
Creating a culture of independence!
Thankfully the auto guy told me about the cable in the waiting room.
Gloria Steinem on The View!
Getting back to it!
Lots of family, lots of fun!
Ready for some normalcy again!
Earthquake epicenter evidently very close to where I live, which is Mechanicsville VA
Cowboys will win and kill the giants 3510: Bradshaw and Jacobs are on steroids
Headed to Songwriter's Night to see my mentor play as well as the amazing and 
I am falling asleep standing up again.
Please no one tip me over.
We's love to come, but first we need more fans in the Philippines.
putting Lindsay Lohan on SNL was BRILLIANT.
i haven't watched it yet but i can only imagine how many people watched hoping for a train wreck
look around your community.
Everyone has their own story to tell.
Julia is simply a montage of people.
i've only met Lou.
;
So Eli Manning thinks he's in the same ELITE class with Tom Brady?
That's like saying he's in the same class with Brad Pitt ...
I just ate pudding with a fork
nothing wrong with that at all :
They say that Home is where the heart is, so follow your heart and know that you can't go wrong.
so good dude.
I love this place so much haha
Fuck Jersey!
RT I have a lot of Jersey followers...
Soo S/O to Jerz!
Repping the TriState area
not sure my reply came thru it shows red X next 2 it but thank u 4 getting back 2 me Luv u, Josh, Bruce  entire fam God Bless
no problem :
:: homeward bound
Sleep music is Jack Johnson's Brushfire Fairytales.
Goodnight, Twitter.
mythoughtsatschool when do we get out of this class?
I just got cast in two films!
Excited!!
Movie night, pumpkin spice latte, and Clemson is currently beating FSU.
I'd say this is a pretty awesome day!
That nap was a very bad idea.
Huggles Love that movie!
I want to be on Amazing Race!
With my son or with my brother.
Either way the fight scenes will be epic.
!
Ty so much u just made my day!
Xoxo been a loyal 11yrs!

After round one of the Evian Masters, 2009 Safeway Classic Champion M.J.
Hur is 5 under and 1 shot back from the leaders
ah lucky!!
I saw a Ryan reynolds look alike today!
Haha
love this!
Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.
Warren Buffett
U r right there
I want to get another tattoo soon
My client want her hair color like lovehiphop
Just got notified that I'm accepted to Oklahoma Arts Institute for film and video.
This is a great opportunity and I'm honored!
Yay!
Omg can't wait till week of May 25 3
That was literally beautiful.....
Oh my god stop it I'm dying
thanks for the goodbye hug!
It's been an intense three years and I was glad we went out singing.
no.
The ILX will have a hybrid.
sometimes Ijust laugh out loud......
: LOL!
You don't have to rap in Spanglish!
I wanted to tho lol
Goodnight twitter bitches Luff you more than Harry Styles naked.
OH, wait, what?
what a nice day, to be out in ypsi...
did you know!
that u can ask people for change down here!?
awesome!
Also sucks to be a Charger fan...high expectations, low results.
we care a lot ....
Sorry just had to..
followed!:D
Just ran 2 n a half miles pheww.
2 m a hald more to go
and I watching dateline.
New obsession.
I'm on twitter because time isn't going to kill itself
I'm here
I'm game!
go shipping with you 3
stuck in the bieber?
really?
...
Dying of boredom 
You get back in the house this instant
Oh yeah?
YA
Happy birthday to you!!!
:D
Wider travels have given me considerably greater insight into how cultural differences affect not only people, but politics and art
Your telling me knowshon doesn't have one friend he can call?
there is only one guy for me.
Ou know your loving life to the fullest when your home alone on a Friday night....
I think my parents feel sorry for me
Do tell!!!
RT : ask about his rat runin that was caught on camera a few weeks ago...
Google io2012 tickets sold out wicked fast again this year.
At least the reg forms were on google servers this year.
no 503 errors.
haha :D want to be my twitter friend?
: 
I think I'm going to go war with myself.
XD
Go to my house  wake up pls!
its important!
Whoa  RT : So in the past two years, MTSU will have lost to Brewster and Tubby?
Ouch.
The Lakers are done and bc Andoctorw Bynum is not as efficient as he was in the regular season
Nothing wrong with hashtags in meeting minutes.
But do you ever reach for the undo keystroke when you're painting?
Priceline investors keep naming a higher price
do you think the board forced him on AW due to his ethnic background
: Those conversations when you talk for a whole day  never get bored of the person your talking to 
yup!
Like myself but I was an underachiever!
Lol
Good news everyone!
We recorded our next episode last night, and if all goes well with editing it should be up by Friday.
my point being that swift is the one common code that us/intl banks can use.
routing num dn work, neither does sort code
Top braces are gone!
Want to go here tomorrow night!?
Hit us up on the text lines!
7863098861
My agency made News of the Weird for creating a statemandated Report of Reports.
Thank goodness for common sense :
1 more day and I'm free!
For a week...lol
Awesome present!
My copy's not signed, nor was it a gift, but I still like it.
:
thanks for the follow!
Have some fun stuff coming up we'll make sure to let you know about.
Have a great week!
im bout to punch this bitch in the teeth.
i need a doctornk.
Don't say something unless you mean it.
So it's .0616ml in the US, and .0592ml in the UK.
I'd love to do it w/ my students but it seems Incredibly risky
Romanow's class makes me want to die.
any reason they would do that?
Playing a free concert tonight in the Berklee Cafeteria!
If you're around Boston, come on out!!
: 10pm
yeah I love it.
K idk if that was about me ?
But you really have no reason to say anything when you dont even know !
MadMen ....
Why do I have to watch you through my hands while standing a foot from my TV?
Boo  hi!
I just saw your husband...I suspect he was making a bar run?
Congratulations to Pipeworks Brewing Company on their first brew day!
Start looking for these guys around town very soon.
Sitting in a casino installing PostgreSQL from source.
Keeping my fingers crossed.
can't wait to see the finished product.
ITunes MusicMatch is worth the 25 a year, if only to play my iTunes library from my tv.
Thx
Tomorrow should be barrels of fun.
A: I love going to college in NYC, I wouldnt wanna be anywhere else B: Yea, we dont go to college, we go to classes
First20SongsOnShuffle 16 Supermassive Black Hole  Muse.
Tell Me A Lie on repeat.
I just love this song so much words can't explain.
XD you are still awake OMG!
I can hear your eyes rolling thnx
Nice seeing you are active on social media
Literally about to faint.
I feel like such fucking shit it's not even just a headache or a sore throat I feel so fucking nauseous.
George doctorkoulias: I like to hear 'no'...
This is what I hate: 'I don't know what what I want, but it's not that.'
Yeah...I do NOT recomend the cinnamon challange.
Just saw my life flash before my eyes.
It was an instruction class.
I emailed the professorabout it yesterday to confirm and she agreed.
I waited 30 mins for her class.
everybody is Irish on st paddy's.
But I'm really Irish every day.
: Behave, guys!
;
Hey Tweeter Friends: Give us a shout out on Follow Friday
tweeting and interviewing at the same time!
Thata boy!
Your kids are in my thoughts today, Beth.
Let The Church Say Amen...
Is Jayson Werth the worst MLB free agent signing of all time!
Dude stinks and has a terrible attitude!
If you call yourself an artist Showcase May 3 4 in NYC is for you.
The most influential music industry executives are attending!
have a great year!!
Can you follow our card store
The camera is an instrument that teaches people how to see without a camera.DORTHEA LANGE
I wondered why I was getting so much done
Im going straight to the studio after class..I'm feeling creative....loyalty
Hey Chicago: don't forget at the SubT tomorrow night belated record release show!
Reporting one's own research on social media helps promote one's research and build scholarly connections, which is awesome!
We're playing this !!
go like the page and get ready for an all day festival!
I watch pretty much every sport there is , the pros of growing up w/ 5 brothers .
This day reminds us that, while enormous progress has been made, there is still work to be done before women achieve true parity.
POTUS
I want You Too...
Follow Back ?
Is anyone has excited as I am for GameofThrones season 2 premiere on 4/1?
Just saw Watts play with Laurence Hobgood.
Great show.
i hate how ppl just talk about there problems or guys because this is why i mostly just chill with guys to not hear all this
Bliss is great.
Love that spot.
LTBroadcasts The project now is to revive that old Nicaragua idea and build a water route from the Atlantic to the pacific
Expecting the seniors to get all the blame like always...
So dumb lol
Every product w/ an iPod dock will become like those big square wall holes designed 4 old TVs when Apple decides to change the input thingy
lol.....
maybe it will turn out better then the gingerbread crackhouse last year:P...........kidding;
Nobu catering a great event good music and good food.
Life is good at
we love those Halsman's jump portraits!
how hard for u was it not to laugh when Cody's XMas tree was getting robbed?
Punk'd next Thurs.
Nice to see the progress
RT : Don't expect more from anyone than what you know they can give.
Protip: When running out of work after a long Friday, it's important to stretch first.
no problem.
i love you Tony.....even if u say that this isnt ur account!!!!
but then jamie wouldnt be following it would she!!!!
This project sounds wonderful.
Just keep swimming!
Thanks, Colin!
Come play with us tonight and show us how Badass you really are ; Doors open at 8!
2 doctorfts  3 Jack Shots.
Free dance lessons 8:159pm
Off to and beach Looking forward to getting away.
Need to refresh the brain.
Okay I really need to go to sleep soo see ya luvs!!!
Lol
Do what you want
man hold up
Boo, not me!
I love the stuff!!
Jealous!
How bout some this weekend Daydoctornking ?
RT Day doctornking.
Again.
Excited for Apple Cup this weekend.
Should be a great end to the holiday weekend.
Day 27 of 100: I'm thankful for all I've learned today
Hooo boy, I guess this means I'll be spending quality time with Bowers and Gaskell over the next few months!
she was thinking you did not realize you were even texting her.
Soundchecked and ready to roll!
thanks.
Vizslas are the best.
Words ought to be a little wild for they are the assaults of thought on the unthinking.
Keynes.
Happy
Wow, inconsiderate much?
That's disrespectful.
Went to see The tourist today...not as action packed as I wanted but it was a cute movie!!!!!
Rollin thru Iowa..
so many cows on hills.
Just passed the North Skunk River..
yeeah
Because it's summer reading for childoctorn, and summer just started.
One must put personal politics aside when confronted with the largest collection of Reagan memorabilia seen outside the Reagan Library.
Looks like it will be cool and cloudy with a chance for scattered rain showers...
sorry!
Is this housewives if Detroit
Lucky me.
I am off to Paris with my daughter.
Then back for two days and off to a New York show.
No time for jet lag.
off to lunch myself Marco, but don't forget you have unfinished business in Twitterland!
Take your pick for tomorrow: Sevendust and Prosevere at the New Daisy or Covers Fest at The Arbor!
Easter needs Braun 2 hit a walk off to DOMINATE Freese and the Cards!!!
Also my wife wants 2c in a man thong!
I just finished a 8.47 mi run with Nike GPS.
Rich.
.
Your tags are like an oreo cookie in writing .
.
You guys rock !
Oh dang!
Plan B is a temporary position that I use to gain income to fund the vision of Plan A.
I'm hoping that Santa comes to Senegal this Christmas!!
Happy holidays everyone!
Let it snow
hi scott, makes TV recording/search software that now supports mac os x.
interest for tosh.0?
Just waking up...hows everyone???
it's hurt
Another awesome Bikram yoga class.
Now some ME3 insanity difficulty.
Have you ever seen a 21Century literacy lab?
Come to our FamEvent and check the one will have for us!
How am I jealous of you?
My best friend is Nealer and you have who?
That's right.
I'm awesome.
follow me PLEASE ...
I love you !!!
33
Happy birthday to my boo !
Not to be mean but we have a week 5 student of a 3 week class doctorving andthey are beating the hell out of me on the road.
Ouch.
ThingsThatMakeMeSmile going shopping
Civil service interviews give so little feedback.
:
Meet me at the mall it's going down.
Prayer and meditation at the occupy Albuquerque site today, university and central, all faiths welcome occupyalbuquerque 8pm
Amazing experience going to Bermuda!
Knowing is not enough; we must apply.
Willing is not enough; we must do.
ABS ABS ABS ABS...now make those ABS show !
Listening to new EP  Are We There...It's done folks.......will incl single Recognize  unreleased trx..stay tuned for details  dates.
RT : Press event Wed  will call on Congress to
Parks and rec is back
You want to stop piracy, entertainment industry?
Stop making shit like Lou Reed/Metallica's Lulu and movies about robot boxing.
SIMPLE!!
This is my new favorite thing.
Wait!
It's your birthday?
I was busy at work so just saw.
Happy, happy birthday!
The good news I didn't get struck by lighnting.
The bad news I also didn't win the lottery.
i miss you sam
Big S/O To My New Follower
EK coup with Kseries engine :O epic
I had a bike ride of shame.
You still get judged just at a higher speed.
Meredith OZ
Dude I'd fucking love that!!
Chondoctortian and glucosamine sulfate helps to slow the progress of arthritis.
A great option for runners or others who are very active.
RT : Just cemented my doctoram summer internship with in NYC!
UWRightNow congrats!
What's more boring than golf?
He doesn't love me anymore !!!
look at you, tweeting!!!
Who'd a thunk it.
Love ya sweetie
holy smokes, guys!
thanks for all the support!
:
I Need Something New , I Need Something Different .
it's clementime
In 20 hours I will be chester county bound!
I can't wait to see my family!!
preletters;postYoutube.
Yet, I've known ppl who've leaked TS data to the enemy via youtube while deployed.
So, stick to letters?
See you all tonight!
Every time someone lays down a good bunt I get a stupid smile
50 Likes and I'll upload the cover for the next track!!
LMS NOW.
Pacers starting to get some makeup calls
My poor classical guitar bit the dust yesterday.
Fell off a stand and cracked the body in half.
Hope this works.
you know a guy really cares about you when hes out doing something fun but he still texts you anyways to tell you he misses you
dude it's just a mosquito.
Chill out.
me dude, you know how many people it's sucked off?
it's uncanny how accurately you just described our past 5 hours.
even started calling the other doctorvers son.
We called the fire department and a wrecker.
We are getting towed to Freightliner in Oklahoma City.
Home with the boys watching Spongebob.
Krypto, the boy  Dad!
Vampire Diaries!!!:
hahah sounds like lotta vacation time, gonna fly out to naples/hop in the plane sayin 'that was easy.' Staples.
Thanks
You can talk baseball?!
I love those moments you wish that time would just stop but everything else kept going.
ThingsISayWhileReadingMyTL, what the hell is that?
Oh wait, it's a penis.
R.I.P.
Jim Irwin
bourbon back lol :
When doctorper left the Snoball mockup ad in the taxi, I had a flashback to when the kids lost mister Brady's plans in the cardboard tube
Courtney is lazy AF.
but I hate using AF
thanks, paul!
i'm coming back to olympia soon!
Fort Devens Army Base was great.
M16's and tanks and such.
More importantly some great people there.
My feet are freezing!
Time to rest after a long day!!
We're happy to have you!
RT : Very happy to be for a much needed haircut!
Did Duncan just pat Griffin on the head?
Hootsuite for iPhone is my favorite Twitter iPhone app.
But then I'm one of those freaks who uses Twitter lists.
I wasnt gonna anyways
ifyouknowmeyouknow  I like to joke around a lot.
I don't take life too seriously.
:: A sac fly?
We will take it.
Tonight at itu : Psychic Feline, Famous Laughs, BBDDM, Meat Pressure, and more.
9PM.
Ask a mug or DM for addoctorss.
hmm.
I'll come hang out with you IF you come to Pax EAST this year.
:
Men in Tights!!
Should I claim all social/web domains using the term The Mancision or has Rick Reilly beat me to that joke already?
My heart goes out to my friends and former colleagues at the CourierJournal.
The newspaper lost a lot today.
Trying Google Buzz.
Not buying the hype so far.
shut up twitter.
so loud.
Congratulations on your great work with Latino Rebels, 'mano.
Ur car was way better!
Lol have a good night and this was a great experience for me so THANK YOU!!!
Has The Perfect Smile With His Dimples .
3
Hanging out, talking and laughing with friends is the simplest way to be happy!
RecordStoreDay!
and are all offering up something today!
Can't wait to have them here in Cville!
but there is a question  I prefer my candidate 2B free from such rubbish As w/the health care problem this is 2 close 2 BHO
SSSS1 Nigel, the disruptive capability of SSD storage is keeping him up at night
Staying in again tonight
No not cool because my grandparents once lived here n they are both dead.....and that creeps me out there's like 14 rooms
RT : We all criticize Moyer for being old, but he's actually leading the Rockies in ERA.
Nicasio leads in WHIP.
S ...
Thinking about the ICONic Boyz makes me miss summer even more.3
HAPPY FRIDAY ALL!!
I'm ready for some weekend fun ;
looks like pitching is really tough too!
I guess I'll take the credit then :
Mine has been corrected since then.
Tks for the notification, however.
2012 is our year
My expectation for worship.
Carefully planned and coordinated worship.
Thoughtful.
Excellent music.
Good transitions.
Sermon that inspires.
Just Got Off Work..Tired And Soree..Damn
Gin and Tonic as a doctornk was created by Brits as a means to combat malaria.
didnt get smartfi.
How can I?
I know lots of successful people in both camps.
I just have low tolerance, and see clutter holding some colleagues back.
Just got the starbucks app for my andoctorid!
Technology is amazing :
He basically confessed his love to me
Trying out a new Eau de Campfire cologne tonight.
One thing to mention, it was pretty packed in Great Hall at Union Station for National Train Day today.
omg, I love them.
Proof reading text in a video gets old...fast...
How have we evaded/avoided each other??
It ain't just spit game, it's ya dick game !
ObamaBooksTitles  believe what I say, not what I do .
,
People Hate On JayZ But He's Opening Up The Doors For Young Entrepreneurs To Do WTF They Want
actual exchange: Q: favorite runner?
Me: Julie da bomb Culley.
glad you're representing the great state of NJ next wknd:
I'm tired but stuck at work.
Ready for my bed.
Depends.
Needless words is subjective.
I think some of the writer's edits weakened the piece.
: thanks!
swingthink
P.S.
The new album  much like every Garbage album  is best listened to with big headphones.
and Bermuda sends her love too!
LOL!!!!
Anyway gotta get the wet stuff off.
Ttyl.
Love ya!
Awesome!
Thanks!!
how are you:
Walter is quite the nut..
It's a new day  the Lord made it  we are glad for it.
We have a closing today and a new buyer tonight and a new listing this weekend....
Also, let's definitely not try to make craft beer styles that have a market
lol!
It happens every time
Vacation is doctorwing to a close.
Ready for home and my own bed.
It was amazing and I am now dying to check out FnB.
How are you today.
Enjoying this storm?
People who only tweet quotes make me think they are devoid of any original thoughts.
hi Niall.
you don't now me but I'm just your future wife, nbd.
Yes, because my objection to a prison rape joke in your script is that it's cliche.
Never give up!
We're right there with ya : RT : I better get SPAC tickets or else I am going to give up forever.
C'grats to you n the fellas.
Keep me posted and I'll make sure to give you guys a shoutout a couple weeks down the road.
There's just something about Manhattan at night from a cab.
Hi, , glad to hear Brandon got in touch with you.
My sister and I covered From This Valley!
If I tweet you a link will you guys watch it?
Just poned some Polanders in some sand Volleyball.
What's up team America?
thank GOD!!!
am not a nigerian
For followfriday I recommend UPEIAN105 and UPEILC check out They run a great anthropology blog.
Woot!
Look 4 him in April issue RT : 1st hit of the Spring 4 Cameron Maybin, a solo homer to lead off game vs.
Me and Tater's 2 year anniversary today!
2 months exactly until our wedding.
Hope everyone has a safe and awesome new years!
We have BIG hopes for this year!
Should be fun.
Bring it, ho
: t.you!
Guess that makes you our rainbow...:
Thank you to our panelists for the evening: Carlos Davalos  , Sasha Foo and Paul Downey
I swear I need to go out tonight Nbs
OUCH......no more of that!
I'll send you a little pixie dust to keep that from happening again.
Congratulations guys!!!
How did IronKids go?
oohrah Devil Dog
whoa.
the awkward moment when you are sitting behind someone in class that is creeping on your facebook.
doiknowyou?
Now I've got Amor Prohibido stuck in my head.
BTW Im Leo...I'm a Nashville portrait painter, keep you in mind for WEDDING!
Thanks but I am working the BBQ...
As long as they enjoy the food I am happy..
BBQ fight night..
addition/correction: matt only knows about butt demons when he's doctornk
Great effort from great motives is the best definition of a happy life.William Ellery Channing
man im tired...
i think thats cuz i only got 5 hours of sleep lolz :/
Mall with Ariana.
Swag.
:
Hey!
We're holding auditions Saturday February 18th from 28 at the Crowne Plaza Philadelphia Main Line!
Hope to see you there!!
Mac Miller's Macadelic Tour pulls in to UCF tonight less than 2hrs away!
LOL.
Because we both have experiences that are unique to us.
Its quite an apt comparison if we are talking about experience
Am I the only one who finds 3/4 of Delivera's blogs to be irrelevant?
Just saw you became mayor, !!
Yay!
Happy Birthday Mandy!!!
Very excited to be giving a talk on librarians and careers with the USG this evening for the fantastic career colloquia series!
THE COLOR OF PURPLE RAIN MAN
OMG YESS !
ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!!
13
Up watching the new phineas and ferb movie with my boys tonight.
When mom's away, the boys will play.
Tour de Brunch.
I guess it is a pet peeve of mine.
Employees coming in late to work.
Students turning in late assignments.
Sigh!
I really really REALLY want to go paintballing.
Hopefully next month
wow, I could practically hear the excitement in that statement.
mazel tov!
crying tears of blood
thank you for following us!
hey!
Checkin in haven't heard from u not sure if we r havin that email prob again?
U ok?
Let me help!
Hello Miami, FL.
Looking forward to spending time with 25 doctors in the morning on the concept of Person of Interest.
word up porter speaks true!
Happy ThirstyThursday everyone!
Enjoy a delicious cup of tea for us :
The 5 B's of Bad Link Building: Borrowing, Begging, Bartering, Bribing and Buying
then say hello: to me 33
Making Lavender infused gin!
My son just sneezed 15x  is now laughing hysterically because of it.
Can't.
Sleep.
I'm watching Ecoluxe on Travel Channel bout Island Paradise.
They're featuring Amanpulo Resort in the Philippines.
I miss Boracay...
thanks for the retweet.
I believe we'll have an effective birth control pill/method for men in the next 5 years.
Blake makes both FTs CLIPPERS down 4 with 41 sec remaining
Had MLS conference call today.
Pleasantly surprised to have on the call too.
Oh how far we've come!
Can I get a shot of qwayvo?
You want a shot of CUERVO?
That's what I said, KWAYVOH!
CUERVO?
working on symbaloo to show awesome educational websites for a tomorrow morning's workshop.
we're in this game to play
Truly enjoyed the Treasures of Heaven exhibit.
Heard about it via Twitter and stopped by over the holidays.
Well worth it!
The whole blog post should be taken down and a major correction issued.
It really is that simple.
Check out this great Baltimore nonprofessort  RT : Help us reach 500 followers!
spread the movement for play!
it's friday!!!
Let's go get dope fresh in that shower SAN!
Wrapping Christmas gifts and watching Christmas movies with my sister!
Yay
RT : More WOM goodness.
Help your talkers look great.
Give them the tools to tell your story.
via
RT : Still looking to score a seat at TEDxAustin: Beyond Measure some way, somehow....?!
Take a peek at the next tweet:
Finally found my way over to the MobileProcessing conference.
Squee!
Great question!
:
Imprtant factor in GB's partners was the immunity for major damages of state universities  Samuelson
Welcome Zack  have a good weekend.
Dont marry the person you think you can live with; marry only the individual you think you cant live without.
BOGO Bowling at Seminole Bowl located on W.
Tennessee St.
Only w/ a
omg, yes!
I love tns.
No matter how much you may think you know us Capricorns you will never have us fully figured out.
: ..I believe we have a massive hypohydoctortion in US.I wld thnk the opposite?
get mobile!
I think it's cute when my boyfriend laughs at my commentary.
is watching Page One: Inside the New York Times.
It's a well done documentary.
CEO Sterling Speirn just took the stage.
ccsforum2012 Infants are only defined by the people around them.
over 200 followers in one whole day!
love mahomies!3
Only 1 week of skool left...where did tje time go?
Two EPIC HITS in TOP 10 on The Billboard Club Play Chart!
4 Brokenhearted Remixes and 6 Dance Again Remixes
Everyone around me is trying to make a statement, then there's me.
I'm just trying to survive.
I got a lot of pennys I need to go to a strip club make it hail and tell a doctored out stripper i love her
I wasn't ; It set off my b.s.
alarm pretty fast.
I need water.
This doctor poptart is so doctor
Hi JJ Bst 2 u FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
MyFavoriteText Don't forget were going to location X later!
when you've totally forgotten you had anything planned that night.
I heart Johny Mayer!
!!
I could listen to his words al day.
Hey that lounge in silver spring looks almost open!
Yay.
Ghetto Word of the Day: Pizza Dis boi be frontin rull hard, but he aint never gettin a pizza my booty.
I LOVE THE ASSHOLE CHANTS FOR LEBRON!
THIS IS WHY I LOVE NY AND MSG!
bring cherub back to sf for a show pls!
are you returning yours?
Oh my god and like hacked me....damn.
Great gig last night for aids research alliance gala.
Biltmore tonight with Luca Ellis and Ryan Cross!
8:30.
Only like the most publicized hard a lol: oh okay cool.
What's captainin Morgan ?
Lol
geektour2011 at eBay.
Great to meet everyone!
OK, Certified Copy is...confusing.
thinks the Frenchie got screwed...
best in show that is, not the olympics!
continuous life living
Yay YOU GO H
Would you like a car to go with that?
is that fred hale
Pray that success will not come any faster than you are able to endure it
RT looking for local austin band that wants to have live projections/video integrated into their show.
email me at
Hapara making sense of Google Apps for Education.
At demo day.
Good luck!
Take your time and don't stress.
God has your back and you will do well!
Best wishes!
we will do our best!
how are you today?
My dude actually got the maschine not that long ago, but I really haven't got into it that much.
NowPlaying: Electronic and Indie music on Skull Candy hosted by NicoleD'Angelo
what school you go to bro
i love white cheddar popcorn!!!
Fantastic.
Synchronicity is what makes the world go'round.
Keep coloring by numbers!
haha just me.
doesn't know the difference between the NL and AL.
Today is the 100th day of 2012.
What are you doing to mark this day in your child's year?
never too late.
Thank you
what?
Oh, well I am sure we are number 4.
Sometimes poker is hard and you get owned.
Andoctorw Lichtenberer
Sometimes I pee my pants...and it's because you tell the best jokes.
Guess I'll be eating chicken noodle soup tonight.
Geez!
I was ova thur round 8 some..
Ain't really see nobody tho..
Had a great shoot today with the hot dancers and bartenders of ...
will post soon!
www.sherrymartinphotography.com
I have never heard of this major before: Intellectual History.
Anyone?
Best friends become strangers, that's how it is
Can we say TGIF!!
Had a long night couldn't sleep but I'm good tho :
ThingsIHateInTheMorning When my light gets turned on while I'm still sleeping 
I did so bad today u.u
Who is getting that bao today?
MU looked pretty good so far the first half  staying with Tennessee, even through the sloppiness
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to sharing your tweets with others.
lol look at dude.
Dude like fish sandwiches.
Looks like headcase Gallardo is at it again.
Is it possible for him NOT to give up runs in the first inning?
Avengers again tonight with Sam and Lindsey.:
You cannot experience tomorrow, you can only anticipate it
Yes I know Gina !
Her passion for art helped encourage me to get started again
Happy Birthday to my friend and fellow sagrad, !
Have a fantastic day!
You deserve it!
:
It requires less character to discover the faults of others than is does to tolerate them.
J.
PetitSenn
TG for checksandbalances in our exceptional US constitution.
Nothing like it in the world!
I VOLUNTEER
lol chads my boy.
I haven't seen him in forever
Fly?
what kind of toy did you get I have a helicopter I fly occasionally
then u do a pretty good job
Approximately 9,000 Americans suggested that about 12 of the general public experience socialanxiety at some point during their lives.
Only Ace of Spades and PJ
LOL.
so my dad was eating a Chinese and I walk in smelling the Chinese saying 'I'm Hungry and he gives me his food YUM 3
lol forgot bro I swear I was tryna match u
I am so pleased.
I fermented French oak in my merlot for the first time and it is outstanding wine.
Great POTUS speech that explored the complex depths of MLK and placed him in proper esteem.
naw I'm jokin but both her and were fun to work with and very professoresional .
oh yup haha I hear you tho and it's probably not the safest to fuck around with prostitutes in Europe huh??
Or is it ..
One Direction sucks
R.I.P.
MCA of the Beastie Boys
laying up don't have time for that you talk so much about money laying up should not be on your mind
WHY YOU NO FOLLOW ME?
SJHFLAJSIAHDCASLJDLSAHDLKSA
Like NYCo on Facebook and they'll donate 1 to St.
Jude Childoctorn's Hospital.
That's more incentive for me than a coupon offer.
Like
Woot!
RT : Social media karma ..discussing Pinterest while getting a tweet that is now pinning!
michela or whatever her name is
Black guys are just so attractive .
My wife and I are looking forward to this seasons premier.
You rock
Skipper Beck part owner of Charlotte Bobcats killed in a plane crash today...Bad timing with HOF induction
I'm excited to talk to the  UW Madison CR's tonight at 6:30 on behalf of !!
Lol at my life  me every minute of every day
:D Of Course...
Plus I Can'tTellALie!!
Ok so last night was a big misunderstanding, nothing happened
thinks this year, he is going to buy all his Christmas gifts fromNike
the adult one is Accdiental Diva.
Then she wrote It Chicks and Sixteen Candles, for YA
Does New York Jets QB Tim Tebow Deserve to Be on 'Top 100' NFL Players List ...
Yahoo!
Sports
Some things just never change...
GET THE FUCKING BALL IN THE PAINT.
STOP SHOOTING OUT SIDE!!!
How u doin today, love?
The mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be kindled.
Plutarch was my boy for a while.
I remember doing that to my parents...
wish I would have NOT been such a brat.
I love raised by wolves by FIROfficial great song with great lyrics and great music, even the synth is awesome!
Support record stores today and every day!
MT : Did you know?
The new CHI website has a What We're Reading section full of interesting, relevant articles updated daily.
3 days without doctornking pop, check.
27 more to go.
rt  Decorative Concrete Atlanta Ga Acid Stain Floors Etc.
and Stamped Concrete Patios doctorveways Pooldecks Etc www.AtlantaConcrete.net
ready for immsea lovin' the cool seattle weather
Congrats to 's brother for winning backtoback WIAC player of the week awards
Really?
Waiting for the next headline: Everything you do linked to cancer Prolonged sitting linked to breast cancer, colon cancer
Hey girl
I sure hope I,m NOT on this week....haha
LOL, don't remember seeing many people with books or small TV's...good thing hey?
I'm so unworthy and undeserving of your love.
Thank you.
It's National Grill Cheese Month!!!
Dare to doctoram.
Counterproductive?
Girl across from me on bus is reading a diet book while demolishing a giant burrito
I rather be judged by 12 than carried 6
excited to watch the premiere of chasing the sun from tonight .
Come in from the cold  enjoy one of our incredible cocktails like the ever popular Occupy Pumpkin or the very tasty Persimmon Date Project!
I'm way too nice .
We're getting excited for the trek to Seattle for Coffee Fest!
my education life gladys noon spellman elementary in cheverly then wildass charles carroll middle school then parkdale high school
I'm just afraid I'll be standing under it when it does
He alone loves the Creator perfectly who manifests a pure love for his neighbor.
St.
Bede the Venerable
For a cheap bell jet ranger, about 550650.
For an AStar, 1,200.
That's true enough.
Part of the problem is that values are not consistent from generation to generation, though.
Boy, where you BEEN?
I know, I know, on the road.
Miss you big time.
Say the word and I'm there.
can I get a heart too?
But I wnt some weed thooooo
Finally at designing my crossing shirt!
Excited!!
Sounds like Bynum's starting to get those Artest techsonrep calls.
The big shots are only the little shots who kept shooting.
Effing shame.
Orioles to do list: 1st Base, 3rd Base, Left Field.
q5 Film life as a house   lesson: Life is short, live it
How long ago did you post them Hun?
How far back in your TL are they?
I will go and check again, don't be mad at me.
:
THAT WAS A DEMONIC CHILD WITH AND EXTRA EYE ON ITS LIP,
Hiring sign outside Starbucks shows a bearded white man.
Then a BWM was cleaning the bathroom when I tried to use it.
Whoa!
I'm so not in the mood.My life is so screwed up.
wtf whatisgoingon.
: Happy SKAnksgiving.
Anyone wanna go to SKAppleton // wow they still do that?
I think I last went in ...
1995.
knocked it out of the park!
So proud of you and this team.
Thanks Tom Hope you have a great week!
Are you a surgeon with a down to earth personality interested in working with an exceptional, team oriented, wellcompensated group in Mich
You Look Like Lamon Now.
omg!
heyy: its been awhile!
Im good!
How are you??
fun run for poland spring tomorrow?
did you know that all loopabroad students will come home with 3 completed college essays?
Reggie Bush!!!
LOL dont forget after timeouts when u hear the coaches in the huddle, he says ..now I like what Coach  said here....
People say soccer is boring because they don't score often.
But I think that makes it so much better when you score
happy birthday!:
Let's hear some Peyton predictions.
Where's he going?
Redskins?
Dolphins?
Colts?
Retirement?
We hope everyone had a nice Passover Holiday !!!
not to hate new Mahomies but only true Mahomies knows how it feels 3
love it, i love it, i love it when you eat it!
i see why people like that song, it's so catchy Rihanna
Nice rebranding!
RT : Q3: My first plan of action was to call them Mobile Learning Devices not Cell Phones.
Watching idol...
always knows whatsup...
great music 29/7  That was on purpose
The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who can't read and write, but those who can't learn, unlearn, and relearn.
A.
Toffler
Go invent something.
Think for yourself.
Texting doesn't make you smart.
Your passion can lead you to what may become your
Going to be interviewing the lovely, talented China Forbes today for April Goodness.
Any must not miss questions I should ask?
What?
Pagers as cool as those were you'd have to run to a payphone.
And if u didn't change.
With cells its easier to cheat.
WhenTheBossIsAway the rules don't apply 2 u.
just make sure u bury the evidence where no one will ever find it.
AQUS breakout play, the bulls are here .0081s up!
dang little mama you is such a loser.
thanks for the link
Can't wait to hit the studio
Hell yeah they do!
rt : the best ideas come in the shower
RT  Uuughh I hate the Miami Dolphins.
now I'm gonna have to become a fan bc Reggie Bush is there 3 Plus my boo ...
love the show
ahh fuck this dude...i was on this chat thingy and i told him im 15 and he left
I agree, the series is excellently done, regardless of its cartoon style graphics
gah im so mad lol.
I get my license in July so i need to start practicing
We just be coolin it....
Cried like a babe watching the vow 
after parties.
Always.
Bars will be there but Boondocks?
Gotta catch it when you can!
Reggie!
Reggie!
Reggie!
do u need another picture to proove it ?
Having our own small Bassmaster classic this weekend in S.
GA, ready to put em in the boat
Cleveland Park it is.
Fine!
That's it.
I'm done.
10 months of searching.
Claire is in the ICU...
:
RT: : beer pong cups...shot glassesAlways a necesity!!
.
Thank you for taking a stand against hatespeech of toward women by pulling your ads from his show.
bout to hit the lab.......shooby dooby baby...
On this day in 1925, the novel The Great Gatsby, by F.
Scott Fitzgerald, was first published.
I only fucks with POLO just how i do ..it..
!!
Can't sleep and have to be at work bright and early :
but soon enuff we got back together : but then a bomb shell struck he was at college and his friend pissed me off so i called her names
Did u do that lap dance juke remix ??
RT :Important reminder from the very wise : Your title can make you a boss but only followers can make you a leader
Juicy tonight !
At Hydoctorte night club !
Free till 12am !
Open till 4am.
Hello I really enjoyed the SOME awards.
.
Follow me and I would love to have you support ActSo
As many times as I blink I'll think of you.
Call Me, Maybe....MYFUCKINGSONGTILLTHEDEATHOFME.
although it had a particular magic coming in live, stanza by stanza, in amid all the streaming chatter
i need a good book on failure for a recent graduate.
Any suggestions?
I just resent it.
Also check your inbox.
All great truths begin as blasphemies.
George Bernard Shaw
did you know?The only planet without a ring is earth.
HAHA.
Why thank you, sweetie.
I figured us Sconnies have to stick together.
:
have fun and stay safe 3
It's an interesting topic!
If you're ever looking for info on So.
language to go w/ it, let me know, there's some good stuff.
Do you ever get a chance to watch from the states?
Awesome video game coverage?
Pretty cool they featured your Mario art!
ItsAboutTimeWeLetGoOf of the bullying and start being happy for the person instead of being jealous.
It won't get you anywhere in life.
Thank you!
I enjoy reading your blog.
Keep in touch!
U should come!
But I think u will be playing in Europe!
Athletics!
But We're ok with the sfgiants cuz sf rocks when they win.
GAME 7!!!
ALL OR NOTHING!!!
LETS GO RANGERS!!!!!
: I'm pretty sure you could eat any food all day lolshut up haha...you're just as bad as me!
Hey Tila...hope all is well with you.
What programs did you get?
I hope we still get to shoot together very soon.
Shout out to follow her!...she follows back
BABY COWS?
Anyone have any I could photograph?
Relative probability of impoverishment due to house fire  1, due to auto accident  1, due to long term care need  40.
.dang, i would tell you but i have no clue!
haha
Shirley, this song speaks to me!
The big stumbling block with responsive design for enterprise/business websites is ads.
We have Free popcorn!
: But we do have beer and liquor specials!
Skype team meeting to discuss?
Whip it whip it
Texting you rn
The fact that retweeted me like twice today .
dowork !
YEAH!!!
Pats going to the Superbowl!!
That Chelsea vs Barcelona game was crazy, sorry but if you don't watch soccer you're missing out on a lot!
Finally got on to Netflix, it's so awesome, it may ruin my life.
On the bright side I'll catch up with Lost.
closed on sundays  I'm about to come over
Raftery wants a foul every time WKU doctorves to the basket.
im Obsessed with Progress
I would do so many naughty things to you.
Good: Separated content for kids from adults.
Bad: Still see kids content with the adult content.
Why?
I can't believe they objected to such a wonderful name!
Morons.
Thank you!!
Good luck with the blog!!
:
I was thinking maybe Ruby or something since it looks interesting, but does anyone have any suggestions that aren't C or Java?
it looks so cute!

Scorpio will fight for what they want.
I'm having a sneeze attack.
And my friend said me being orchestra is sexy.
Bahahah
Throughout the past few days, all I could think about was guard and how much I already miss everyone.
Withdoctorwal sucks.
Spent our last night with the spaniards, enjoyed french wine, spanish chocolates, and an american feast!
I am!
Hope the same is true for you.
Another sunny day.
doing my nails supa cute :
Another walk off win at home!
Everything in stats, I understand so we will see how this test goes.
I also felt confident in English last year lol..
Tired and a little bit fuzzy headed.
Possibly coming down with something.
thanks boo boo.
Will definitely be doing a lot f 
umm i saw the smile on ur face.
u were digging the attention.
dont gotta lie.
works for everybody
Introducing:  TrustBased Parenting: Creating Lasting Changes in Your Child's Behavior our newest DVD.
Order now for deliverly midMay
: What's the score ?
7473 Indiana
Hi Todd!
We look forward to seeing you next Friday.
Unfortunately, we do not take reservations.
See you soon.
TY
ThingsIwantTheMost a brietling, a Bentley, and a b!tch by the time I am forty
Winner takes it all, loser takes the fall  over the top.
she better come over!
she did sign to emi
on the metro going back to maryland
I've called my mom 18 times and she hasn't answer .
SongsYouHaveToDanceTo ANY LMFAO SONG!!!
ITS LIKE A RULE Y'KNOW!!
All professorssionals need a bio so get your bio written by Your Thoughts, LLC!
it's not blocked for me I just checked now and it let me watch it
and trying to figure out ways to motivate them more.
If a name or some words is all your designer can do, then its time for change
Woke up with Wolverine hair and left it that way.
follow me back
will have plenty of company from California at DU with committing there recently.
Congrats to you both!
The latter's well established by history.
The former I'm still trying to prove.
I appreciate it Dave.
Cheers to you and yours
Haha.
I wish the same about my HTC He RT I wish my iPhone battery lasted lon
Houston family has signed deal w/ Lifetime to film reality show in wake of Whitney's death, making Jacksons look classy.
Great..Now I want a margarita.
Thanks I will be seeing you later this week
ios uitablviews were not a good option for a popup thumbnail view.
Redoing with a uiscrollview
Mailbox full you are an loathsome message.
what did she do?
The team is thrilled you're loving the slim cropped!
Next we can get you into our NEW Bright 1969 Legging Jeans!
Then CS just keeps saying there's nothing they can do  that they're sorry.
I've been such a proponent of DTV in the past, too.
Don't give yourself a fever.
That won't be helpfu.
And we don't say enough, we are at fault, even if we do right by our own family.
So many girls who trapped by expectations
JASMINE IS DOING THIS RANDOM :P
Reflect upon your present blessings, of which every man has many not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.Charles Dickens
Thanks for the RT!
We are so excited about the show!
Tip 1: Attractive  You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you doctorss.
: Go Wings!
RT : And we're underway at the United Center!
Let's Go Red Wings!!!
doctorChat
All our Tutors have college degrees from well known universities or are exceptional juniors or seniors at local universities....
That made her night ..
She hype as a bitch ...
No better way to spend tonight than East side YL leader appreciation dinner favoritepeople 
did you buy a cd
Excited to see uptick in hiring from our client base.
Combined with Q4 employment numbers, we may recover from this thing yet...
Too many missed oppertunities
hey David I hope you got my note and consider my request.
Lol!
Success is going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Winston Churchill
Are you a contractor that uses Service Magic?
If so beware if you cancel service they probably won't remove your info and steal business
hehe w/ the funny accent and all
Took dog for walk this sunny spring a.m.
to discover bldg next door surrounded by cops.
Pretty sure we've totally won that war on doctorgs now.
RT : Size matters not.
Judge me by my device do you?
Responsive, design must be.
M.
Going to an inandout burger for the first time in my life.
Excited to see what they got and how it tastes.
right , and my cardinal teacher she cares about us a little too much !
she stay in somebody fucking business
The switch was made by me BA and Rock...I'm the skipper...skipper of the bullpen..
recognizes this
I'm so sad about Whitney Houston.
I loved her when I was a little girl.
I wish that I could sing like she did.
Still can't get over the Tupac hologram
oh hey guys, was playing diablo
Oil change finished acting class later what to do now....
Let's go solartribe !
Build a vision for the people and recognize that no single source of leadership will make it happen
49ers by 14.
NY didn't play as well as they should have against a Packers team that didn't play well at all.

G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
snap!
touch his goatee for me!
May the fourth be with you!
Of course, that's not to say my kids aren't worth it.
Holding my 18 month old now.
They are definitely worth it.
:
iPhone is the modern magic wand..
Love that.
When are WE going to THINK like a PEOPLE and act LIKE a NATION?
Getting closer with my luck they will probably run out right before me lol
Nothing new, nothing old.
P90zzz for sure!
I would also take out a massive ad campaign with billboards saying this is the guy, don't beat him up...
Please
People are so confused by the term Social Media Optimization.
It's not about keywords!
It's raining like a sumabitch over here .
I'm so sleepy.
I can't keep my eyes open, off to doctoramland sweetdoctorams.
This week is sure flying on by.
I 3 U, !
Especially the way U do your FFs!
RT ff , she's a writer and fine woman.
Casey's sentencing is a bit more complicated than it looks.
She was in jail 3 yrs ago on check fraud charges B4 murder charged.
No credits.
Heated toilet seats...i want those
small market teams can pony up...until Travis Hafner screws your payroll.
really stretching there, aren't ya?
man u ate them already
I'm inside for now, but will catch BNSF Metras at around 4:30.
Looking forward to it.
Thank you!!!
agreed.
It's inevitable.
Second that
FRIDAY AFTERNOON CLUB!
Come in today from 36 pm for Free BEER and a slice of pizza!
What type of events are you looking for....nightlife, shows, day trips
why are you not seeing mutemath in dc!
ur so strange
Hey Eli!
Good luck to you and my Giants on Sunday!
You guys are so hot right now!
Go get us a win!
Good luck!
GO BIG BLUE
Insane doctorams lately wtf?!!!!!
Every night this week!....I usually don't even doctoram.
RT : Critics are raving about the cabin in the woods....Wait, what?
.
.
.
I wonder if that's better or worse than handing out candy like it's advice?
At the park with kids, u can't keep kids in the house all day every day.
please just write your senator, think about all the money our country would bring , think about the people it would help.
sweet...
we'll hang out :
said she would tweet, and did.
Trying to buy a car and you have to figure all of this other stuff out.
Today 1898: Golda Meir born in Russia.
In 1906 they came to Milwaukee.
She graduated from the Milwaukee Normal School.
your lack of factual information on this subject is telling have you been getting all your info from SDGLN?
BestSpongebobQuotes WHAT ARE THEY SELLING?
CHOCOLATE!
WHAT?
CHOCOLATE!
I remember when they first invented chocolate..I ALWAYS HATED IT!!
Seems like most Wegmans have them already.
Herrema's in Irondequoit, too.
Call ahead to make sure.
Do you like America?
RT Someone just told me I was a blessing in disguise :,my response was I don't need all of that I'm just here to help!
yeah :P he threw it at me.
Excellent point!
Like the butterfly effect analogy
Just finished up my tetris marathon with
Brennan Newberry in Miami for the Camping World Truck Series tomorrow.
Check out the pics with Carson Racing below.
I suggest you all treat NATO like a Zombie outbreak.
Forgive me destiny this world has ruined your plans for me
the internet is so boring now...
I'm like a whore with who does my hair.
As long as they do a good job, I let whoever do me
Thank you!
The Black Keys  She's Long Gone
did they really catch them or do they just have a suspect?
I ain't even mad at Clay Bennett tho.
Dude lied, but who really thought he wanted to stay?
If Schultz doesn't sell the team to him...
Luv this!
RT : Great coffee, cocktails, rooms, views of the harbor and sushi.
What's there not to love...
Let's stay together til we're ghosts; I wanna witness love, I've never seen it close.
Yeah, but I guess I gotta find it first .
Think SC results won't have much effect.
This has already turned into two man race that is going to last for a while.
I've been longing for the thaw since January...
at least.
Is that not long enough?!
Inclined to think there were very few cooler than MCA.
So sad
I see nothing wrong begging for Super Bowl tickets from a show created for lonely housewives.
let u know early
On my way to work tired as fuck!!!
I just want to lay in bed for the rest of the week...mostly bc I don't know how I'm going to pay for the gas in my car.
How in the world do people reply to question posts on the Tumblr machine?
I AM MYSTIFIED.
Moms for Change a fun entrepreneurial workshop on May 6, helps you learn to have it all.
Call for details, 847.607.1354.
Sure bring me over and we will party w the blues and jazz u love.
Newt is so awesome that days after he was born he doctorve his family home from the hospital.
I did work for them back when they were Exploris.
Make sure you get the view of Moore Sq park from the Maddona
no.
I want a 22 episode season.
It's too short...
Like a newbie with bad foreplay!
just a warning, it gets pretty addictive :P
Oh yeah!
Another thing Auditorium does is automatically sync with doctorpbox.
So notes taken at school will be on home computer.
Just u looking at me makes me smile:
DO IT!
omg that sounds wicked!
Video Shoot Tomorrow For New Single Off Fuck Ya Feelin's Get Mad Vol2
S/o ,we don't miss a beat  never have idle feet
Thanks For The Follow Fam.
yes Rosie!
Just don't call me an evil step mother : hehe
Just gave a 18 dollar tip on a 6 dollar cab ride
The Music City Networks team is on the way to summit
Sween bean is in the buildin
I used to have more luck with Neutrogena, but now that I'm on limited allergy meds I can't wear anything again.
doctornking a nice Pepsi; it's good my third time doctornking it!
Usually I doctornk water or Appel juice!
;
When I have to leave, I'm just gonna walk around the neighborhood.
God, I miss you weirdos already.
Survey last year revealed that the 1834 age group prefers print advertising to online advertising.
Time to add print to your marketing mix
just doctorpped wisdom on us at cpl12 You have to solve a business problem.
Good morning good people!
I believe I'm getting sick.
This is not the time for something to invade my body  try to take over!
I will OWN you!!!
you got a dog?
Is your cat mad at you?
Dmoney is funny.
But I ain't Santa I got something for these bad bitches too
Bats always turn left when exiting a cave.
yeah tony here
Getting used to the new Gmail interface.
Mostly OK, but I could do without the extra click to get to Contacts.
Is there a way around it...
p.s.
I love your three beliefs.
it depends on if he means verbally or just good positioning with a hand showing where to pass
A wiki seems to be big way for people to set up personal learning community conversations.
I hate when random little kids send me messages on xbox when I'm playing cod...
gtfo of here and stop calling me a noob 
Awww fun!!
I still would like ur help getting these vocals back in shape so when ur ready and have time let me know!!:
Good point!
Logists could be one of the hardest parts!
I was gonna hit up atrium in couv.
Sounds like they shut down :
Glad to be home but oddly miss Canada already or maybe I just miss the
Seriously Jose Reyes?
Leave after 1 plate appearance?
is it worth the hype?
I pity he fool.
You missed a T.
Yes I am.
can someone explain this to me?
..
It's the first day of spring.
Or as I like to call it, the Return of the Ice Cream Trucks.
the premise of that ad is wrong...who says there's no sex in heaven?
Thank god I'm not a rapper..
I know y'all niggas pissed at what's on the radio
Closed tonight for maintenance, crushing ambivalence.
I need to be doing the same damn thing
Check us out on TMJ4's the Morning Blend Friday morning at 9am!
Your voice makes me cry of joy.
Breaking News!
North Korean Leader Kim Jong Il is reported to have died.
Thanks to my newest followers!
U ROCK!
lol idk...a vanilla milkshake sounds good right now.
is that the only spanish you know?
x
If Chris would quit talking over everyone...we could have the woman donors name!
Anyone know?
Playing a Triple Stud tourney for some reason
This week's parksandoctorc was Emmyworthy.
Something hot!
:
follow back..:
yes, it did.
thank u.
signing off.
few hrs alone w/guy while teen is out for a few hrs.
good night.
to reading your blog posts as you meander through this new journey of fatherhood...
:D
Only if you study it in ethnic studies courses.
When the sun rises is when I sleep but I have to be up in a few hours 
Like this status if your stomach is growling.
Hate 4pm games.
By the time I'm off work, it's already in the 7th.
Though, by the look of it, doesn't seem like I missed much.
sigh
Marion County!:D
Marvin Waitforit Eriksen.
That is the coolest middle name of all time.
Don't surround yourself with yourself.
move on back two squares.
Send an instant karma to me.
initial it with loving care...
dear , I just discovered your blog and I think you just gained a fan for life.
You are awesome :
Wow.
Interesting.
That makes me want to eat quail eggs even more than I already do.
so.
I'm expecting to see some of your writings.
Maybe we can do something together.
Thank you for the RT!
Have a great day.
RT : Golf is deceptively simple and endlessly complicated.
Arnold Palmer
Spot on!
Saw Skyline last nite.
Please do not waste your money..
Megamind, on the other hand was hilarious!
In past, always had some semblance of an idea about what to expect from Bucks offseason  next season.
Now: None whatsoever.
So...I feel like such a horrible daughter...I just got my mom flowers and I didn't even buy them with my own money.
It was my dad.
Lol.
Why u such a whore .?
I fell asleep during the National Anthem.
A cold wind blows, Brighton to the coast for me
90 Locos.
Don't count us out yet!
Still another half of football left.
that's the 200 million question ...
I say yeah, but with trepidation.
And the number might be 210 by tonight.
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
Laertius Diogenes
I AM NOT HAYLEY.
I'd rather have Mo out for a year then out for good.
went too sleep
Eww I feel your pain girl!
thought.
Maybe the rise of electronic mass media means demagoguery is less prevalent since you don't have to be a good speaker to be heard
finally tweeting on a smartphone from a randon location: johnny foley's
Oh The Cranberries are back in business!!
;
LTBroadcasts Now comes a very large proposal to build a union terminal in NYC
of course  I get out at 7:30!
InMiddleSchool I was stuck shaving, eeck!
Thankfully there's waxing :
Lord, what shall I do now to reach my goals  doctorams?
I know I must maintain my health so I can ride the sunbeams.
But can it really be so serious?
Hopefully I don't have to go to school on Senior skip day
I am reminded of the guy who 25 years ago, maintained WordStar is easy to use, once you learn the commands.
Stupid stupid mindset.
I want to live on wisteria lane :
Saying a tough goodbye today...
those RAGBRAI tanlines still crack me up!
Cordy Glenn moving up doctorft boards after today.
Great job NFLNetwork as always with NFLCombine coverage.
Can't wait for RG3 40 tomorrow!
7daysofsex  Little bit of Heaven :
what was Lowery's record the previous two years?
What happened this year?
I just want to sleep in my own bed .
Bo Jackson can do anything.
have a great race day!!
Go24!!
see you in VL!!
I love u3
On my way out to penn hills 
i love you to!
: D never fails
Yeah, I'm pretty incompetent.
: Niggas Hate it when they see you Blowing up!!!!!
sad but true
um..
in is arms :p
Just a reminder..
We're taking a break from Mac n Cheese night for a bit..
Wing Night has returned!!
Part bad parents, and part youthful rebellion, he wanna buy a doctoram, but I don't know what to sell him  Fire Album Sir!!
Walker Evans, Hobo Hunter?
You guys make celebrity gossip just hilarious!
Always fun to watch.
Thx for a great webinar!
Going to be thinking about my skills outside of libraries as I do my job hunting over break.
Survived another 3/15 corporate deadline.
How did the rest of ny fellow CPA tweeps make out?
:
You're nothing but a slut.
So unfollowing you.
Not even sure why I followed you as we never talk anymore.
Oh, me too!
I need some sunshine and fun conversation right about now.
I'll find an excuse to get to Cali soon!
Big shout out my follow him!
Google him!Phominal Artist!
Let's get it!
Me too!
Hadn't had any for awhile!
:
Just taking the time to thank all the supporters and to wish you a Merry Christmas....don't forget about Jesus today.
Good Morning Baltimore!
Tonight's the FIRST ShoreNight of the season with 2 Steamed Crabs!
Start planning your postwork feast now!
First time visiting San Francisco at the BlackBerry DevCon
I will check out the pictures after
I can't believe people are falling for President's new gay marriage stance.Talk is cheap, let's see him sign legislation before the election
M, Home Made Bacon....
YUM!
who wants to play
I'm so tired.
S/o to for qrindn daily
It's National Kissing day!
So here's a big fat muah!
:
Hey sexy girl...
sayin HI and fuck you :
: Metta World War NewNicknameForMettaWorldPeace not fair at all, most players I know would have done the same.
It amazes me that people put energy towards fake Twitter accounts.
Yes, , you.
If my life were a book, readers would definitely find this year the most interesting chapter.
ikr tests don't help at all
Follow for 2009 Little League World Series news.
I'm sure will be tweeting the games as well.
I compare myself to other girls way too much
okay sweet!
oh and i still say make a video for postcards...
:
Please let me win I am a big breast cancer supporter, my grandmother passed with breast cancer and my favorite color is pink
I had a nightmare I doctorpped and cracked my iPhone
looking for open places for november.
Done and done
I will have lots of books with me.
Birute Regine on balancing feminine  masculine skills at ICFGR mtgsoft skills are hard!
Omg.
Back from orlando.
was AMAZING3
Im sorta off da set I aint suppose to fuck wit her
still though no regrets ill die before i want to change something in my past
AWWH HELL NAWWHH!!
NOW YOU ARE DOING THE EXTREME.
OH MAN.
PLEASE UNDO THAT ABEL.
i will bake you cookies.
and love you forever!!!!
really cool you are down with working against
Rest in Eternal Peace to legendary journalist, advocate  icon Gil Noble.
My Hero.
Boutta kill this business presentation tomorrow
Thanks for the RT!
:D
if i wanted to see footloose, i'd rent the original.
just saying.
try linepleaseapp for rehearsing lines!
good luck in casting.
quick question!!!!
Do you like the band Maroon 5????
jon have u sold ya old iphone?
Hey supamodel.
Finally got a DSLR again.
One step closer right?
I used to believe in things like Faith and Destiny...
Then I realized those are just Stripper names.
I'm not getting any sleep tonight thanks to Mikey.
Thanks for the link  Crazy stuff!
Besides Copper Onion, don't miss Cucina Toscana.
ready to cop freshness
Is auditioning for a genius non Musical play today.
I really want it!!!!
Beautiful writing and the chance to work with an amazing Director.
So excited for MadMen with !
Committee updates to ensure youth recreation, education, and community opportunities throughout the city
RT  The Jacksonville Jaguars are fucking terrible
TODAY 111111 A salute to Fallen Heroes and those that have served and still sterve!
I think it's pathetic how they hate on him.
In all honesty I couldn't care less what they think of Peyton because in my eyes he's PERFECT21
just do a few instead!
Gov.
Cuomo has advised that he wants to hear the voice of the people  is he listening  realizing that EI needs his attention.
What'd I do?!
what are y'all up to this weekend?
I'm in need of some girl time!
The Celtics weren't giving the ball to Ray Allen as of late, and they finally do and he not only had a big game, but goes clutch!
Apparently they only make bikinis for the busty in England.
Lunch workout followed by green smoothie...
Could not feel better and ready to attack Tuesday, part deux.
They crash my truck with their doctorgdog
cann we please kick it soon i miss yo face!
:O  Whatever you say you cottage cheese whale 
New weight loss plan: Train to be competitive eating champ.
Time to channel my inner Black Widow.
Excited that got an unexpected day off today.
We get to spend Thanksgiving together while she recovers from her nagging cold.
thanks to all the love ITUNES is now releasing MISTLETOE early...now coming OCT17th !!!
spread the world...we r going for our first 1!!
Hyperexstended my arm at practice...
again.
sweet monacle, dude: OH at brooklyn flea, without a touch of irony
haha I won't..
love you Court!
:
'Double Standards' by AbSoul is also a dope ass song.
Easily one of the better ones.
EASILY.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have
Whatever happened to plain 'ole lavender bluedillydillydilly...silly.
No way!!
Who would have thought we'd both be in the infosec world.
Love it!
Stadium Sauce would be a good compliment to pickle juice.
I hope that's revealed in the training tips.
Thanks Good company to be in, great start to our week!
The science channel started playing Firefly reruns :
Who's got pics from ?
my son has cracked my phone and computer screen haha it definitely sucks!
yes, almonds and trail mix are great healthy snacks too in between meals.
Egg whites for breakfast are a good idea too.
thank you Jalani!
Get ready, a new website makeover coming soon, plus blog.
Can't wait!
I'd fake blindness to touch u inappropriately 
I'm so happy for you Martha !
Sign up for our emails for coupons and good stuff!
may events queer club dance off, allgirl bands, roller derby ...
Y'all better tell y'all team to take it to the whole and quit shootin them weak a jumpers!
RT Write like you're in love.
Edit like you're in charge.
writing
Haha interesting.
I'll habe to try it.
But seriously.
26 courses where I'm not blown away...
WHAT?!
Mitchell has arrived at Moe's.
Being met by enthusiastic supporters.
I got a bill for 117.42 in the mail for an account that I closed 5 years ago.
Waiting on manager to call back.
Left CFO a vm too
nice peace sign in yours
What's up
fremont boy and girl lets go win a champion and beat maryland :
The boyz are gonna delete !
;
Five Best Weather Web Sites
Everyone follow their sick!!!!:
Mothers day is Sunday and it made me realize that in the almost 5 years of me being a parent the father of my girls has never told me HMD
Tell the Prez I said yo Barack.
Tell him I said I think he changed his number and he should take my calls.
shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin!
Follow her tell me and i give you a
Ladies Night tonight !!!
1 Margaritas until 11 P.M.
doctornk Specials every 30 Min.
HELL YEAH THEN SHE SAID I BET YOU'VE NEVER BEEN CALLED THAT BEFORE LOL....
CLEARLY NOT LOL
IfWeJustSmashing Don't text me for no other reason EVER
quite true.
i can't please all the people, all the time.
a different finger each time or the same finger?
attending a muffin weeding.
I can let you do it as a photo project if interested
.
It's inappropriate to suggest Mitt Romney means anything he says
Last night was my first time at Aura  I had a great time!
Thanks!
My phones fucking up big time, so much for having a smart phone .

I don't mind him too much, but DON'T get into religion.
Not that twitter is great for that anyway lol
I'm very fortunate this business has been good to us
Very dangerous out there people, be careful!
Awesome runthru w/ for the maxkolbtelethon at Hofstra!
Thank U to the staff  crew for all their help...You guys are great!
Time trip on this.
The first youtube video, a test of the system  is this thing on?
was put up 7 years ago.
7.
Years.
Ago.
Working out
no fair, need to FedEx a batch of em lol
I'm really bad at this whole getting to school on time thing.
That's sweet!
Thank you :  Hope to see you soon!
at the first simple things are not easy things  but when mastered they become the easiest and bring all else into focus and within reach
Hate I cry so easily...fuckin bullshit now I gotta fix this shit...wish I woulda known in the beginning
The rappin granny on AGT was the bomb
One more hour till my bbyz appear on Abdc again so happy yeah buddyy
The thought of Ryan Seacrest expanding his hosting empire to the Olympics makes me sad inside.
Hello India,hw are u :
so 8 something months ago i met this girl.
LOL SO...i can always feel it o.o that sounded so wrong xD
EFOI announced that it has been awarded a 23 million Navy supply contract to provide LED fixtures.
Getting work done these last 2 weeks!!
Big Asyulm show tonight  Straitjacket Theater!
Come watch us do horrible things to undeserving people  8:30!
Thanks for checking in at Wishing you a smooth flight!
Yes, thank you for the correction:
Just Face The Fact That Im Invisable To You..Just Another Fan To Youu But The Deff Thing About Me Is I Truthfully Like You
whitecrazyboysays in that case, i want a sex worker...
Tweet tweet
please follow me your my inspiration:
Watching South Park's Something WallMart This Way Comes.
I am six years late on this but it rules.
It totally rules.
im sure u were
And I just got a check from a recent short story sale.
I think that doctorss might have to come live with me...
Can't wait to check out Tha Backroom on 106 fri.
Bringin back the basement.
TONITE Fashion Show  Student Competition  Seattle, WA.
2901 1st Ave in SODO  Fabulous clothes, beautiful hair.
Fashion, fun and doctornks!
is great, have a good meeting
Empower your life for the NewYear.
No.2 The Right to be Treated with Respect!
let me know how you like stella and adams intense romance in my thriller  criticism is the best teacher
that really sucks, I love that place :/ hope you get feeling better soon!
Thanks bro
People who like their own status, You must love what you post huh?
Oh ok cool shit
You ain't bout that life
They damn well better give him a hit for that.
I cant find anyone not to love, because I cant find anyone God doesnt love.
James Robison i love you all my twitter family!
Our baby bro is in da hospital.
We think all our followers and supporters should pray for him.
We had a great night at last night!
Thank you!
thanks for helping w the key chains
ThankU 4 yr constant support!
I continue 2 work hard despite my twitter presence : can't wait 2read 1st by Jamie Corrigan!
Christmas tree time!
Happy December everyone!
Happy 18th birthday !!!
Can't wait for home opener tomorrow at Half  M St SE Fairgrounds!
Play hooky from work  join us for a Ficelle lunch  dinner!
Awesome!!
Go !!
We love seeing news about our runners success.
We'll see u guys next weekend at SLAmister:
Thanks to I'm obsessed w/ shot blockers.
Never wanted a recruit at UK like I did and we got him!
aw:/ now victorious is leftI'm gonna be very upset when Victorious ends
Black Ops 2 is on the way?
I havent even had a chance to start the first Black Ops yet because watches Food Network all day
When I was in 5th grade I had a teacher go nuts when I called her mister.
X.
20 yrs later when a students calls me mister.
Cait, I get it.
I definitely would, those look awesome.
remember when Tyler The Creator was famous for having absolutely no talent?
Skyrim  College Finals  Barely Passing
Anyone else feel like Packers/ Panthers could be a whole lot higher scoring then the experts expect?
too bad we like you too much ;
Anybody know any good, summerfeeling rap songs?
Lemme know...
EastSideMustHaves good fresh seafood joints
I am way too excited to use Toasta Bags and make me some grilled cheese.
In the toaster.
LOL RT : What ship has never docked in Cardiff?
The Premiership :
Junior Seau Dead RIP respects to SanDiego my birth city
Time to start a cool weather hand care routine  gentle cleanser, deep moisturizing hand cream, nail/cuticle conditioning!
i spelled it wrong i know!
i posted it again :p
MyThoughtsDuringSchool When is lunch?
GET READY!
MEMORIAL DAY EXTRAVAGANZA  BLEEKER STREET 6311 GUILFORD AVENUE 10PM3AM DJ CASH ON 1s  2sNO WORK ON MONDAY!
Thank you for sharing, it would be useful if we can shave them and have just the top 10
I hope my babe gets out today !
/:
September?
Really?
My Punishment
Peace: Is not to live in a world with no strife.
But to live amongst trouble and turmoil and still remain peaceful in your heart.
That clogging was amazing!
I usually don't love the dance groups because there are so many.
Loved that!
Am I the only one who eats pancakes and cookies for dinner?
Lol:
Is anyone from nashville here at the MarriageAmerica conference in Orlando?
Tweet me!
That was awesome.
I'm here at the hotel chilling with a friend
Listening to digitized old songs, I sometimes catch myself waiting for the vinyl to skip in the same spot.
Sign I'm old
thnkyou for this AMAZING 3 years3.
It's hard to see you grow that fast, but good thing were growing together':
Just finished reading all of the books, they were good!
LOL Malcom was the man and Ky is ride or die!
you too!
Have a wonderful evening in Belgium :
Eventually two things will happen.
Either tha bitch will realize you're worth it, or you'll realize shes not bruh real talk
The guy that just passed me in joann fabrics was really cute :33
A quick heads up: I'll be on an episode of National Geographic's Taboo on May 9th!
Check your local listings for time and channel.
I'm the next chris brown  trey songz my actions speak louder than words and with your help I can be a big hit guranteed
Hey!
Could we get an interview with you?
.
Lazy people tell me i work to hard, i tell them they aren't working hard enough.
MUSICREVIEWS The Used  Vulnerable  Hopeless Records
Sometimes a Great Notion: Despite creepy severed arm  end Fonda  Newman soar in this bluecollar flick.
Crazy logdeath scene.3.8:5
Have you called your own company's automated voice system lately?
Can you navigate through it easily?
Is info accurate?
Your customers know.
Things are good now.
Fewww.
Who's a BlueMonster fan?
Let us know what you think.
3
Honestly I think StepBoys is not the best crew.
For portraits, remember, keep you lighting simple.
Your subject is the complex part.
Excel at something today.
O what?
Must try ASAP.
When was it not!
whats good with some music tonight or early mourin tomorrow foo?
No homework, and no practice today
will you please follow my friends and !
Thanks!
You might be sore tomorrow  that's why the second class is free ; Glad you enjoyed it!
right on!
Go to www.westcoastscrapple.com and we will ship to you!
if they discriminate I'll sue.
they're an OC insurance company anyways.
I'm sure they have money.
Thank you, dear Mish.
And to you.
Many blessings.
I think it may already be 2012 where you live!
sure do!
nothing awkward when you're getting cheaper stuff!
Thanks man!
Send that our way!
Annoyed I'm watching American idol right now because of 's cryptic tweet earlier
What's with and pissing lately?
your shirts are on their way.
Would love to see a pic of you and your bro sporting them when they arrive.
At my moms crib posted about to doctorve home in a second.
2 Chainz and doctorke are the 2 best rappers in the world.
I usually doctornk two cups of coffee in the morning.
That's my limit.
I might have to make an adjustment this morning.
haha
they're a James Dolan entity...so, yup.
Beautiful and moving documentary on PBS of Bill T Jones choreographing a dance about A.
Lincoln.
Worth watching!
C'mon Giants!!
So frigging excited Eureka is back yet so sad it's the final season
RT : i was there i saw it happen man that's what brutus said stabstab
Me too!
RT : I love when business meetings involve creative ladies like and happy hour
Watching 'Phantom Of The Megaplex.' great movie
Learning more about Node Manager at users group
25yearold Portlander decides to wholeheartedly believe in Santa, again.
no one else believes him, so I'll be totally unique!
That recent Glee episode sure bore a lot of resemblance to my first book.
Let me know what you think...
Calling me ugly, fat, etc.
No hats, GIRL BYE!
Women's rights are human rights, human rights are women's rights.
SecClinton at Beijing Conference via
still very hot weather in OKC?
hope you feel better soon!
ik right!
it's so good, takes a spot on my top 10 of all time lol
not me.
only 2 eps in on Veep  it's, y'know, fine.
But Girls 2  3 both killed me.
she's an excellent director
thank u beautiful man for following me .
U from portland??
thanks 4 following me
Going to the movies with Katie, Kelsey, Gunner, And Andoctorw gonna see The Women In Black
doctornk eating Chicago style hot dogs and cheese fries livingthedoctoram 
TMobile weak ass can never down ATT
Watching the sdmayor debate, even better than listening on the radio live!
It feels so gud 2 be able 2 go cash a check I had ova a week Blessed!
Great show last night!
I really dug all that sax on sax on bone action.
thanks  sounds like a good place, back in New York now, maybe next time I will check it out!
hey did you die of clogged arteries or are you on vacation?
Wow.
Phil Humber with a PERFECT GAME for the White Sox.
Good stuff!
Clearly a move made out of teacher frustration.
Instead of punishment, looks like time for a conversation with the students.
PEOPLE PAST WILL ALWAYS CATCH UP WITH THEM NO MATTER HOW HARD YOU TRY TO HIDE IT....I PROMISE YOU THAT!
Okay grizzlies...
Let's do better than Sunday.
THERockWins yes yes yes yes yes
Attending project mgt training at uncc centercity beautiful facility
There is your buzzer beater  Flyers over Pens at buzzer in OT.
That Usher and Rick Ross song is tough

who has a better 2nd half season?
Hillis or Mendenhall?
I couldnt make it through a day without music!
Where do u live in chicago
why are u happy
Fantastic first  TourDeThursdays followed by doctornks and open mic on the patio
doing good, he is getting soo big :
Oops  sorry technology, operator error.
Why is there a physical switch to turn off wireless on laptop?
Who would ever want to do that?
that's what he said
Baby i thought u lite up my world lyk no body else well FALSE ONE DIRECTION DOES
searching for Vintage Gucci luggage  classic
Enjoy movies buy one get ones with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
im doing cbus in KC.
Only trip to LSP...
oh hahaha how many classes r u gonna have??
is the studio with
Goodmorning littlemonsters .
I hope you all are having a great memorial day weekend.
Paws up!
OMGoodness I am baking one of your recipes and it smells AWESOME!
Stay tuned for pics peep!
Well I think I should be nice too.
How was your Santa Claus and your new year?
why do i only have one tab ?
o.O i usually have like 50.....
Why couldn't I sleep today damn wait its probably cause cars are constantly doctorving by my house, dogs barking, sun shining.
F night shift!
Just smile and everything will be okay.
aren't you an attractive young boy
It was a really down day for Kentucky, but Vandy's zone defense was good practice for later this month!
Sounds like a plan!
Hope the new biz is going well!
thanks jake!
Someone needs to send Floyd Mayweather some roses and/or hugs.
The dude is a total racist retard!
Why do these boxers die so lonely!
Tonight's Special: Cajun Shrimp Basket with Fries!
Hey.
Thanks for mentioning me.
Yes, I have a lot of fun with supernatural characters : Wish you a wonderful day!
i think i'm weird,like so weird.
Yeap,weird.
:3
The guy who waited on me at Moe's Southwest Grill called me Buddy twice.
LOVE that!
:
Topcon announced that it has signed a definitive agreement to purchase the glaucomaand retinarelated assets of OptiMedica Corporation
No worries  thanks for the suggestion!
Talking to on my doctorve home made me miss her all the more!!
Can't wait to see you!!!
im so happy that im actually eating healthy
Lawd...
This is a nail biter!

Glad I didn't have homework.
Forgot I had a bottle of Diet Coke in my bag.
Found it once I had gone through security at ATL.
Wow!
I've been away from Twitter so long, I forgot what if feels like to send a tweet.
Thanks for sticking by me guys.
gotta love Old Navy:
omg yeah.
I would freak.
for me it's still your old icon
Your not hiring that guy lol!
Had a doctoram last night that I met , if only it could really happen.
No, it means nothing
all for show, he's new money, when you have class you don't need to flaunt that
Enjoying cowappreciationday at !

it's already available!
Get it, get it!
The Waits/Wilson cover is just the first excellent thing about the edition.
oh yeah...how long you here?
hey yo bro I really busted out laughing just now bro ur funny as hell it was the first throw bro
Celibate flow, you can't Fuck with it.
Brought for the spark, so the blunt, yea he lit it.
Do you have any special facial mask recipes using potatoes that you can share with us?
If Eli wants to be considered an elite quarterback, now is the time to step up and put the Giants on his back.
Hey bro!
How long are you in town for?
Thanks sir!
Why cant I update my picture , CUH!
I mean I am topless and everything
that's it?
Online , I love all my 2336 followers!
omg i had no idea!
What's the topic?
dan: I don't like potato salad much me: that's because your heart belongs to nazi germany POTATO SALAD IS BIGBALLER
Inspired by of at SM4NP.
Friends with August birthday's you may be receiving a birthday donation on your behalf.
you are welcome!
heard they hating so i did it ust too piss em off
it would seriously make my life if you followed me 3 Oh  SaySomethin is such an amazing song !
i love you 33
The Innovation Station
BREAKINGAP: U.S.
military says 5 service members accused of misconduct at same Colombia hotel as Secret Service agents.
doctorg abuse is an all too often aggravating factor in protective orders and domestic violence cases.
Education in the courtroom is vital.
Just ordered my NFL Sunday ticket :
ijustine no tweet me :
1st Big Benefit of Mobile Mktg.
Text advertising is a virtually untouched market, with few businesses making use of the technology.
Great meeting you this weekend!
Looking forward to working with you.
I have read most predictions have Amendment One passing.
Gonna be an embarrassing day for our state.
Is your Cinco de Mayo feast loaded with no bueno foods?
6 Tips for a Happy, Healthy Fiesta from Zeel Expert Thanks Beth!
y r ppl so fake?
What else would you listen to other than Videotape by for endtunes ?
That is a great way to celebrate your bday!
Nope im DIAMOND CAPRI AIYANNA ILE TURNER YOU CHEETAH CHASING PANTHER IF THEY WOULDNT ASK THEY WOULD RECONIZE!!!!!
is coming to an end...Venture out of the Gaslamp to 1927 4th Ave..
Our Happy Hour is Super Hero approved!
thanks for a delicious time last night.
safe travels
spring break has officially come to an end, mission accomplished.
We love you too!
: Hows your day going?
RT: Sunbelt Chocolate Chip Granola Bars 
Homework blows.
Thank goodness I only have two more weeks of it.
Please tell me someone has signed you.
Guess who was just interviewed by a reporter from the New York Times?
C'est moi!
The questions is: Will I make it in the article or not?
:
Soft spoken but loudly heard makemusic diamond team
It is an overview of our chamber for chamber members as well as those who are interested in joining the chamber
1st of all I don't remember directing that to you 2nd I get my Iphone in like a week so I'm gone be a EAGLE then.
Break legs tonight mama and show them how THROWBLACK puts it down!!!!
so tired 
Janis just awesome
welcome to the dark side haha
Watching Ice Loves Coco!
You don't have to take that from He's just jealous of your Italian adventures.
We can't complain about this snowfall.
There are 2 months more of winter
If you're in town shopping on Black Friday and need a place to stay check us out online  www.stayinportland.com.
I just talked to Henry freakin Aaron, WOW.
He's scheduled to join  Kevin Kennedy on tomorrow at 11am eastern
OMG you did??
Which one!
I am very very proud.
Ex 2: Extreme Christian evangelicals  Islamists have a lot in common: both want their religious beliefs codified into law.
I'll get jack
Thanks Hogan, it means alot!
:
sick seats!
S/O to My Twinn !
a good first inning could doctorp his Era under 10000
I usually have 1 new episode each month
So sleepy
Note to the person I just unfollowed.
Making rape jokes about a basketball game sucks.
Rape is never an OK punchline.
Hollie is sent packin'.
You agree with the decision?
And then getting caught up on the chat.
psssh.
Trying to log off mad quick and act like you didnt see it.
Happy NeverEnding Guilt Day!
I screwed up
not cheating just promoting.
And I do like puppies...
They taste delicious!
Bwahahaha
My goal today: do nothing.
Oops, tweeted.
Missed goal for today.
If you need to access Wikipedia today, like I do, hit Esc just before the page redirect to the blackout page.
Or use Google's cache.
William R.
Inge If ifs were gifts, every day would be Christmas.
special shout out 
The Discovery fly over makes me wonder where Sputlamp is?
From the days of cataloging eBay consignments at , long ago
dang it sorry we missed y'all!
They're really cool!
really rocks it in the movie!
Thats my shit too : Watching Blue Hill Avenue  one of my fave movies.
Micheal's African print doctorsses are nice but to me as an African it went too classy too haute couture mellow .
Pies are going fast today.
We're in Cully Ne 42nd ave and killingsworth.
love it!
Who knew it would be interviewing a Derby winner!
It's been officially one year...
And despite it all, I'm still standing...
uh, yes.
Signed up for the texas event months ago.
How was that ALL event?
Pacers up 20 last I checked.
r u playing some where tonight??
That really had to been one of the worst plays in basketball.
this afternoon I was to the shopping center with my father.
We buy some things  eat popsicle!
My of brigadier.
If you excaped what I excaped you be on your knees giving God praises tooWilliam Malcolm
I really love you on Victorious,i support you much love3 xox Arianator forever.
Once the mountain climbers realized that they couldn't continue on with their journey, it was all downhill from there.
I need a normal sleeping schedule.
I see you kid.
Stick with what you are doing.
Good luck
Nicholas Sammond clarifies Working with Nontraditional Scholars title: resistance to who are you?what do you do?
questions
dude that frosty was mad good and quite frankly I think I got the better end of that deal haha.
Glad you're enjoying it for real
10CommandmentsOfTwitter : Thou shalt not covet thy follower's tweet
I wanna stay up all night and jump around until we see the sun
Fake Boyfriend lyrics: I don't like it when you talk cause that just means you're not sucking my cock.
Phat Kat Big Band  Magic Stick this Friday.
Don't sleep.
I'm so excited about this extra hour I can't sleep!
Ugh!
can u plz pray from my aunt she is in the hospital trying to fight cancer
The story in SECland today is that one of the league's top players somehow stayed eligible despite being illiterate.
So i have really bad anger issues and since i don't let out my anger enough i think im getting sick from all that repressed anger :/
notice more
oh that's so nice!
So you're off for this week then?
Christos Anesti!
Stuck at play rehearsal:P
that's cause you're 100 years old JC
Im straight up with my women .
I don't play mind games if I like you then I tell you its not hard
Barely can.
Not enough hours in the day.
RT : Do more.
It's a nice day for a
Then he gne crack one of his lame ass fat jokes.
Lol
Mike Holmgren: give us all 8 home games in brown jerseys.
This is museum geek euphoria!
Who are you and what have you done with Bronson??
Which babyfaced Hollywood star is the next big thing in horror?
announcing an awesome new program at 9am est.
Stay tuned!
beliebeeerss!!
FOLLOW  cause they follow everyone BACK :
This year I wanna find what I'm looking for.
It's not a boy, It's not even love.
I wanna find me, and that's all I need right now...
:/
you're welcome!
It's well earned!
RT : Standing room only incubator panel for
my ex boyfriend broke up with me because of that.
Hahahaha.
I haven't made beats for this long in like 2 years
need to tear down barriers to edu RT: Latinos potentially hardest hit by doubling of student loan rates
Very cool.
I heart acronyms especially for twitter :
Checkin out with and friends for food.
Please follow me?
I would do the best day of all, please.59
Could be worse.
High here in Arlington was 33 with 36 predicted for tomorrow and 38 for Saturday.
I just reached 298 connections in Linkedin
Patriots have a stable of good backs...could lead the NFL in rushing as a team
well a little mystery is good for all of us.
YES!
btw, i need to remember to get that microwave from you at some point.
p.s.
the new mattresses arrived 2day.
yay!!!!
when that behind tint vol 3 doctorppin?
you'll have to tell me how your weekend tweeting goes!
Aw poor i don't like the dentist either ....
They make my face go numb too
Only if people have something to hide...
Admit it, You once made a little kid cry and then made them laugh so you wouldn't get in trouble.
mtn vista beat TRidge.
We'll have a full roundup on the blog tonight
All Brew City outofstate web orders which ship next week will be automatically upgraded to UPS 3Day Select shipping!
I love LinkedIn...
It's Facebook without the doctorma!
Good Morning Twitter Famly :
RT : Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is.
It's a great day for the Magnet Creative Seminar in NYC!
Ready, set go!
Looking for Records Coordinator in Oil/Gas Industry in Houston, TX...90K!
Email me at
it's that time of the year to start thinking about holiday promos.
our top 5 list that we have created for clients coming soon.
Watching DowntonPBS.
I swear to God the info music is my Pavlov's Dog bell.
Got a call from my dad as he was literally on a gondola in the Venetian Grand Canal in Italy.
Technology makes jealousy much easier.
.
Ive said for years: it will take a space race with China to get NASA the funding for that anytime soon, but it would be awesome!
Thanx for the headache skank at work that showered in cheap perfume, I now prefer your natural BO scent and hairy pits!!
hey lady, i just tried to comment on your blog, but it didn't show up.
did it go to your spam folder?
That awkward moment when a coworker you are NOWHERE CLOSE to attracted to smells like a doctoramboat.
Gov.
Gregoire signs bill ending tax break for outofstate banks.
Today is my someday will follow me?
neversaynever right?
16
we love your photos, keep up the amazing work!
and a 100 cals.
less than the original!
Lol
I did two pictures last night.
It has been a while for me.
Falling off the wagon big time.
RT : Sports do not matter at all.
They are merely a distraction from life  when life  death intersect with sports it's jarring
Guy who stripped naked to protest TSA is John Brennan.
Top White House advisor on homeland security shares the same name.
that was the best 20th adub concert i could have asked for,z thanks so much!
Some solicitor just tried to offer me 'free legal advice' mate, I'm 16 why would I want that?
im jp haha i dont have an attitude babe
I'm actually excited for school tomorrow.
I miss my friiiiennndz.
should hire to speed things up.
A social sector business is a different kind of strategy, they rely entirely on earned income vs solely donations.
Take Escape Edgeston 4 a spin anytime!
PRT I want a Ford Escape!
Sitting in the zip, listening to Bon Iver, waiting for le MAX.
Yes, PRINCE!!!!
SERIOUSLY...
AJ AS AN ANALYST
Your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are.
Yeah right, go tell Hitler...
Last first day of practice ever as a player tomorrow, brings up a lot of different emotions, but I'm ready let's do it
Yours is better!
I'm sure It's all shiny and soft.
My hair is just dead and fucked.
LOL
Had pleasure of seeing La Traviata tonight.
There was 1 black cast member with a line.
The line: la cena è pronta!
Hope your tea was good enough to make up for it!
ya nice read!
RT: Let the journalists IN so the the truth can come OUT!!!
....if you call that living!
I know :/ ducks head in shame
BackWhenIWasAKid my mom yelled down the block when it got dark to come inside from playing outside.
xoxo.
Going to bed from Vegas, Nevada Have a very good day.
: Feel 4 you.
probably like 4
Wanna quick weightloss?No need to get a feeding tube check out for a healthy way to shed lbs and feel great.
Happy HumpDay!
Half way through the week and I'm already trying to figure out what to wear Friday night..
humboldt county has really had an effect on you, huh?
Portia Sabin of Kill Rock Stars says: Im not sure if a manager is a good thing or a bad thing.
Im a mile away from the exit....
And some guy had to get in accident heree fmllll......
and by the way i said it was my
I had to retweet both of those cuz it was just too awesome!
hope you slept well!
: Have a great day!
do you see Broncos cutting Goodman with the Porter signing?
Ah, the Tonys.
Much better.
Nothing can never ever compare to the feeling of losing the person you love, never
getting ready to hit the gym I think im do legs ya
when they're 2 seats down from you and the Leafs score a goal and they get right in your face and yell Fuck yeah bitch!!!
Hidden Pond park, great experience for kids.
The staff was awesome.
oh absolutely.
Not goona deny that cuz then I'd just look foolish.
Gotta put Kobe right up there especially if he can get that
Thanks for the FollowFriday mentions, ladies!
:
Haha I know I can count on your for doctorgtastic movie love.
Julie Newmar was on a mag cover here and I was obvs gagging on it.
Good luck to you both!
I'll be cheering on when you arrive back in Baltimore.
Ride like the wind!
If you don't take yourself serious no one else will
Wow what an irony movie:O well I still love the movie: 3
Don't worry about people stealing your ideas.
If your ideas are good, you will have to stuff them down people's throats.
Chocolate chip cookies from Publix are my weakness.
SMACK THE SHIT OUT YOU YOU KNOCK MY SWAG NIGGA.
Given, movement for comprehensive electoralreform must start w/ status quo of 2 unaccountable pol.
parties  consolidated corp.
media
i dont know why but im SO tired!
lol
Is enjoying a great weekend in Key West, Florida!
Crocodile Dundee
How do they taste?
well I'm out
I don't know why beer companies bother with an expiration date...
it's never going to make it anywhere near that.
ready to go home !
We are no longer the knights who say ni!
We are now the knights who say ekkiekkiekkipitangzoomboing!
Monty Python
Yes!
RT interesting how discussion on dig narr turns 2 debate on digital vs analog.
narratives are both  equally compelling
doctorpping out of school and becoming a lifer at ?
Happy mother's day to all the moms who have to work today like my sister.
Where is Texas in the house?!
I forgot about ENCARTA!
I personally loved flipping through Brittanica even if I eventually lost the index  that complicated it all
you were at the books show?
I was there!
please define scholarly nutmeg immediately so that I can steal the phrase
at tha jail too c my cuzO .
Damn my whole fckn family locked up smh
I could use a hair repair treatment.
Suggestions?
Join the music revolution!
not at all.
I be hitting u up.
My Aunt just told me I got fat.
Super.
Happy Holiday's ya'll!!
I'm still gonna eat that pie!
you know whats whack?
Me posting the Glenn Beck info 10 hours before you and you claiming it's your info.
Whack
The food channel has wonderful tips for fun and easy meals.
FOLLOW ALONG WITH ME Giada
I think Tamar Adler's new book An Everlasting Meal is going to change my life...
Bring on Boston or ATL
I need about 1000 more followers
July's equipment orientation: Sunday at 1pm at the museum.
Registration required this time; email your name and number to
I'll take just having him with me without a shirt...
Pretty good, thought about putting together a full band?
Success is getting what you want.
Happiness is wanting what you get.
Dale Carnegie
I saw a sign with an arrow that read Free Karate.
Hi Love!!!
I will if you check out my company haha.
We need more supporters over in your area!
Florida executed their game plan to near perfection and are still down 1.
Soo cute!
Two Brittany's!?
Can I have one?
In a noncreepy way...
um.
moving on RT
Im not a grunge
thingsblackfolksargueabout who money taller
Watching Colorado Rapids at New York Red Bulls with Viggle Sun  4PM  ESPN Get real rewards just for watching TV.
When I was younger, I could remember anything, whether it happened or not.
Mark Twain
Oops I have done nothing
An hour and a half to do one math problem it took up 2 pages too!
wow Do I still want to be an engineer?
Of course I do!
Why, cause im crazy
Making risotto.
Everybody leave me the hell alone.
Good looking out  : had to follow ya 
Haha, just looked at this.
Pretty funny.
I'll be in my leather chair at Tobacco Road in 3.5 hours ;
Crossing fingers for possible minivan.
One that won't break down is preferred.
LesleeSoung5362, thanks for following us on Twitter!
I think they open around 11am.
People will start lining up at 8am9am.
Hey Ro!
Going really well.
You are so welcome back anytime you choose.
I'm still pinching myself.
Let's play a round soon!
oh so you just gone walk away like that?!
Proves we were never in a real relationship anyway.
I love you baby don't leave!
That moment when your girlfriend calls you from jail at 3:30 AM.
It was good while it lasted..
i guessit's actually amazing, but does make me feel a little shallow.
oh wellonward with this great hairday!
:
Now on FoxMovie Channel.
Classic horror The Faculty.
Stars Jon Stewart.
lmao this weird guy is texting me an stalking me damn ner
Looks like Vegas is trying to people to bet ND, I took both WV and Texas and Pitt which is'nt looking good right now.
Alright, settle down, Buganski!
:
Meeting w Ramsey County Sheriffs command today  a great agency, doctorven to provide excellent service, fairly and costeffectively.I mean it.
congrats on the record
In SA?
I'd be in trouble playing hookey from work everyday!
PS I do love games as well :
I like you
Thanks for the follow sreejithgaul200!
:
Which brings us to our final question: who's winning the Super Bowl this year?
You may be my best friend but this is MY relationship and im happy.
Be happy for me for once.
It's 11:11 here in Canada, and I am wishing for you, To someday meet you, somehow.
3
Thanks Mike!
are you gonna get all Cher on us and get it done on your butt?
you rock!!!
Awesome job!
Again I am on my soapbox Northern Virginia needs to implement a 35 second shot clock!!!!!!
lol yeah .
Waiver the prom date and go search free agency for a new one lol .
Just playing.
best.
yet.
my hair disagrees.
I'm having food at steakout, join me.
Get me the fuck outta this hell hole..
idk he's just perfect...
and i was on the jumbo screen at the game famous!
nice!
Great deal too.
Do it because you want to..
Not because you have to.
MusicalStop.com Home to Independent Artists Across North America!
Musicalstop.com !!!
Horse festval was fun.
Cut my friends hair.
Grandmas bf is staying over.
Best friend and mall in the morning!
We are all in this together!
Long live the holde Kunst see/hear Schubert's An die Musik
Save all your kisses up, bring on your sweet love, pour it all over me
Updating my resuming, never could imagine that it takes such a long time :
IReallyWant to follow me I'll be the happiest girl alive!
synapse lapse.
Yo im ready for this shorts shoot tho!!!
:
Thank you.
Happy to know you enjoyed it!
dude you are getting fast.
That is some Boston time there.
how's your day going?:
Raing and thunder Day
Worst morning in recent memory.
Alarm never went off.
Running a half hr late.
It snowed.
Had to ride.
Lost cta card running to train.
Ju ...
I bought a couple of indie press comic books today.
First time in a while.
Subtle but palpable joyamazing illustrations in a thin volume.
I compose fourteen lines of ecstatic poetry for publication on Facebook and purposefully delete it for my own private amusement.
That would be great.
Love /Charleston.
Haven't been in a long time.
ur more than welcome
Get it!
Douglas Kearney reading at the SFMOMA.
Ha : RT: Songs sung by and make me feel fuzzy
idk man, if followed me it'd make my life perff.
Haha  agreed.
Make up your mind!
beautiful!
glad it went well!
You're laying out on a bench?
I'd just pick the bench up and take it with me
the guys at are fucking awesome
Today is National Travel Rally Day.
Jump on a plane and go somewhere, the industry could use your help.
Sdlcwfioif why did you do this to me
Eh, will DET pitching be same?
RT : I know there are no sure things in baseball, but the 2012 season got even less fun for sox fans
You know what sucks about your real job?
Air Force One is on right now.
Ok, seriously the 2nd episode is almost done....just the credits remain!
Stay tuned....
Start the day the right way: listen to It's just good stuff.
i think I'm bumpin up to 125
Judges don't like her
happy easter my love.
3 :
Only your real friends will tell you when your face is dirty.
Sicilian Proverb
Kingleeofalkenstein is not the king of pulling.
He is the prince
So pretty much everyone in our band is a workin' man; where do YOU work and do you love/hate your job?!?!?
We wanna get to know our fans :
How do you convice someone they have a doctornking problem and they need help?
the ultimate guitar rig of doom is coming ...
Hello Sunn Model T ...
CIO of the Year Awards!
Huge!
thanks bud, Hope things are picking up for you!
Need to get back to planning the reunion tour, miss everyone already!
1st time ever: I was served a highly relevant ad, that I was very interested in.
Clicked  engaged with for 8 minutes.
The ad was for USPS.
If it doesn't look athletic, it's not.
That is amazing.
I have the end of the month as one and whenever someone notices that something is wrong as the other deadline.
Hi, Welcome to Hollister.
Here's your gas mask and your flashlight.
O.
I wanna get my claws into that.
I'm a big fan.
There is no why.
;
Let us fuck!
We vote beer!
RT Or beer!
RT Bmorefail  huge success!
Tx 2 4 fab day learning 2 fail.
NEED COFFEE NEXT TIME!
At Chris' house in Marietta with his dog Lexi.
Tornado sirens going off now near his house!!
We see nothing yet.
Talking on here instead of livin life...that's that shit I don't like..
Old people are so cute
I wish i had cheek dimples.
But instead i have 2 on the sides of my chin
Fragmented work day with trying to chauffeur everyone everywhere.
Working now.
Really need that van back up and running.
Hey.
Thanks for your interest in StonerCouture.
We're launching a new line of hemp products for pets.
And we're getting ready to start ...
Come in today for 2 off a pound of bulk coffee!!!!
Just mention the tweet
Multitouch gestures for the iPad is very useful.
I wish I could do the same on my work PC.
Tax the RICH!
You can call that class warfare.
I call it common sense.
OKC in 7 Who wanna bet?
Nothing less than 2 racks.
Progressive chacha lessons at Davidsonville Studio beginning July 20.
www.baltimoresalsablog.com/wednesday.html
I'm very excited about the start of the new newspaper, Look for the first issue on campus tomorrow!
clearly a crappy one.
S/O to all the beautiful women out there..
Cheers to the weekend.
Cacao is a tree, native to South America, whose seeds are the source of cocoa and chocolate.
I don't really care what other races think, and if your claiming not to be Black, I don't care what you think.
As much as I love boxing, I hate it.
And as much as I hate it, I love it.
Budd Schulberg
My ass is parked on the Kings bandwagon....and once the Cup Final is over...You will find my heart still in Chicago.
Got a young brown stallion and she twenty years old when she pop it from the back u see that hairy asshole.R.I.P PIMP C
We welcome Colorado Whiskey to our tour line up for the conference.
See, taste and learn about this elusive whiskey.
Guess Who's Hungry...
Have fun at NY show.
That's a joke LOL xD Thanks though, Julia :3 You're so sweet :
Trog has since made me apologize to Father O'Neal for laughing during his sermon.
I couldn't help it.
He did gesture so.
Clay
That's the last time I put corn in my chili.
Props to for introducing me to the
I've walked nearly 30k steps in three days, and while it's awesome...
my right hip is really starting to hate me for it.
Take tomorrow easy?
get it on iTunes.
Thought title of Winterson's memoir, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?
was clever until I got to the part when her mom asks her this.
Today I was in met museum with grandkids J and R.
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Urth Caffe  Coffee Shop
its fine
Grange tshirts available at the arena starting 5:00pm Friday, April 20.
Get them before we run out!
How the h am I supposed to make my teammates better by PRACTICE?!
RT : We talkin' bout practice.
Allen Iverson
Ryan Allen got fouled on that out of bounds play and of course no call
cheese is so lazy :
Living The Fox  Hound doctoram...
i luv u
thanks!
That means a lot :
Anybody know why Santa Monica Blvd.
La Brea was closed down off with cop cars today??
Can't find anything on the news websites
we miss you too...
Xoxo 3
Oh yeah : koolaid jammer guys voice RT S/o to the new follower :D lol
Classic Lauren.
yea bring me a bottle from the Caymans.
Poised Creation is committed 100 to changing the world through nonprofessort charities!!!
lol Mel me and Bryson are gonna come down the street and knock on your door!!!
;
It seems theres just too many let downs in the beginning, but I shall not give up!
k goodnight 
Great mtg today, bro  very excited about where we're heading!
Quoting my wife: Dodger Stadium is less threatening during the week.
grad student researchers need to spend less time at the bench and more time really getting into some marx
looking forward to the dfwsem  smcdallas event to start!
Thanks  for your time and success
So i'm just going to go play the sims and continue to enjoy the magic that's happening to my brain.
you can stay as long as you want geem says
U must have THAT good SHIT !
: lol
show starts at 8:30.
Acoustic opener Dave Hamilton from 56 Hope Road.
will do!
Dear Please release your new album and make my ovaries explode.
I need it...
I'm so proud of my Group 3 mentees...
All are exactly where they are supposed to be.
Diana Henriques: predatory lending stories were being done by the press.
Didn't ask what happened next, though.
ok i just dont need to know thanks
I tried dancing in the rain yesterday.
I still didn't like it.
Working with Carithers Flowers today.
Filming an employee customer contact training program.
Watching my beautiful daughter at her ballet class.
is a follow to much to ask?
xx 7
: The moment you feel like giving up is the moment you need to push the hardest.
so true.
Win  Txting jade about how hot Dalton is....when Dalton is at her house watching the txt convo.
Ohyes win lmao.
Morning glory
Everybody know the Lakers gne win the next 2 games in L.A.
Snoop  doctor...ALWAYS ON TOP!
4EVER!!
All other rappers take notes!
is there still going to be VIP for the BTR tour?
Really wanting to meet you :
The inning that won't end
patrolling the waters, hide ya wife, hide ya kids
is determined to Step Up To The Plate!
BATTER UP!!!
I 3 butter
you're blessed with unparalleled talent.
Your service is commendable.
Thanks for singing me through some rough times!
What does LeBron owe Cavs fans?
WWW.USSportspages.com
Wow.
Who aired that?
RSN?
8, as a tribute to the goldenplatinumdiamond encrusted sombrero Chris Davis wore after going 08 at the plate
I just replied to your email!
So sorry it's giving you a hard time.
Looking over what I received, it looks fine!
No worries!
I feel for you Knicks fans,
This year's band lineup: Nicole Henry  LeNard Rutledge, Christabel  the Jons and Juanita Dixon
if you know it's wrong, and you still do it, that makes you wrong.
uknowbetter than to do something you're not suppose to!
Follow Me Please?
And When's Our Wedding?
;D3
Feb 18th at the Forest Laker come join Sabastian Roberts for a day of fun winter events and stay for the country rockin sounds of SR
Noosa turkey with attitude
Slingbox never works when i need it to
Thank you the hickey law firm for your DVD set purchase here in Miami.
show I'll contact Sandoctor schulberg via Linkin a former Detroit Exec.
from Lehman Brothers is onboard Watts Writing work shop hum
you still got ur phone ?
Let's go RedSox!!!
After a sac fly and a balk: the 1st lead of 2012 didn't come pretty
Butterfly by Crazy Town throwback onrepeat oldiebutagoodie Listening to radio brings me back to my favorites from high school
All three panelists at CIPE underline that economic reforms, even more than political, will be gauge for success of Arab Spring
Bored out of my mind.
OHMYGOSH.
Cody you are going to kill me with all this waiting3
I suppose the question are you a scholar?
is appropriate when visiting the International Student and Scholar office.
I think they do
thanks to me 
RT : MSL receives it's banner and award for making U.S News' top High School list this morning at 10:30 in the auditorium!
They do villain redemption arcs all the time.
Loki is in the process of one in the comics right now.
No I'm not laying in the floor watching the ceiling fan because someone I care for entirely too much might have MS and called me sobbing.
I'm not going to college.
YOU ARE
wanted all my friends to know our tv show grannies on safari was nominated for two emmy's..yea a thousand times.
let you know after 11/4
i didnt .
so if im grouchy sowy i juz didnt get enough sleep
yeah you are!
I have caved..
now all i need to do is figure out this silly twitter language stuff.
following u back love
Omw 2 the canal from delgado to talk to folk for a job.
lmaoo and put your lion back in your car African accent
Momma just called me and said if I want johns burgers hell Yeah Friday starting off good already 
Gave up trying to cook.
The fam and I are in the town feeding our faces and enjoying some laughs.
well dm me as soon at it works!
is this worse than 1993 Pens??
so close to 30,000 Followers!
Let's help them get there!
Tell all your Friends!
Bout to try and go to sleep go class tomorrow.
Hope i don't fall asleep in that bitch.
In 1 hour Cut Copy performs a free pop up DJ set TONIGHT at 10:30 in Chicago.
First come first serve!
Just got news, receiving cases and cases of Russian River Brewing Pliny the Elder in bottles  kegs.
Shot for around Noon
Woot!
20 off for teacher appreciation this weekend at at on 14th!
Spring time in sf, time to BBQ!
Okay family.
Lets go..
I really need my licence.
Awesome!
Then tune in next Sunday...
:P
Hey Spike, do you have any restaurant recommendations in Baltimore?
Q: R there any photo stylin courses out there 4 interior designers to take?
Want 2 learn about what attracts interior mags to a project.
Miss you already Mami!
We'll always have elevator tap dancing.
RT : JFKLAX For good.
For now.
Happy 4th of July!
Hope you are enjoying a nice day!
And to our friends outside the US  have a happy day!
:
Was wrong with You?
twinkie tuesday 3
studio tip: always good to let a few days go by then listen to that recording with fresh ears..

How do we find ways to express personal vulnerability?
great Q.
Isn't it abt taking risks?
cultural barriers?
they offered favre the head coach job and he took it....then retired 5 mins later.
Happy mothers day to all you mothers you are appreciated!
round trip Wednesday23 that Monday.
450 southwest....is that too much?
aren't they nice?
I got one a couple months back.
Great waking up with all of the windows open.
Is it springtime yet?
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin: it would mean so much to me!: 
RT : RT : I truly believe in the music that I make and represent.
I also believe this is my destiny.
RT your mix cd was the shit cnt wait till Wednesday!
are you planning on incorporating ar into your campaigns?
How are you using araudience participation to create experiences?
yeh.
I am familiar with this song and dance
Saturday 28th January  countdown to the Proms at Newark Palace Theatre.
Toledo QB Brogan Roback threw' very well' today for Badgers WR coach Zach Azzanni.
Offer could be coming shortly, according to the 4star
beastie boys
No one is going to hand you ANYTHING, except for your parents, how hard you want to work for something is completely up to you.
Wish I was outside playing
MT : Sophia Packard, cofounder of seminary for African American women which would become , b.
1824
Have A Day.
I feel like dancing!
Love your new twitcon!
:
Last day of school :D
I GOT THIS doctorNK IN MY CUP
That only means this process needs 2 be over.
But I won't rush it a bit I want the most healthiest baby ever : !!!
Gn Tweeple
TerrificThursday have a splendid day :
You can live your whole life and I hope you live long.
Slow and low here at Little Bar.
I cannot wait for to finish Nursing School so I can have a Sunday afternoon sunbuddy!

Lincoln, Washington, Fdoctorand probably Jefferson
This is baseball,
lol eff you your fat too
legedu naanee might be the coolest football name.
Anyone in KC interested in joining our FantasyBaseball league.
Not free league and must attend doctorft in person.
Shoot me a DM for details
Studio tomorrow !!!
Its so beautiful out.
Ok goodnight!
3 XOXO much love!
Have a goodnight 
Special Candlelight Meditation  Restorative Yoga class tonight at Transform NOLA, on Oak St., from 78:30 pm
You should start lobbying to be grand marshal of the rose parade!
You've got my vote.
been home in boston!
Thanks for following, everyone  you're the best!
Don't forget to sign up to get more info  a chance to win free race entry: indianamtb.com
.
head locks are the new hugs.
ginger baker
Good Girl and hold on and I'll get a link to a pic
: RT : LOL RT : We swim because we are too SEXY for a sport that requires clothes
what about the guys?
Read the Kite Runner graphic novel.
When did it become OK to take an incredibly moving book and turn it into a cartoon?
you're just jealous, bro.
if you're 18, about to get married, and have a baby on the way,
I'm tired as fuck,
I'm going to have to see it to believe it sir!
What are your top three questions for starting a business?
smallbiz smb small business
That move by James Harden!
who know who have an addiction to limeades when the lady at Sonic says oh, i remember you from yesterday
Just ordered more for a business thankyou.
It's fast becoming my goto way of saying 'thanks'!
WeWontWorkoutIf you're jealous of everybody .
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW MY BESTFRIEND!!
:
Light bulbs can frequently burn out when a fixture cannot dissipate the heat of its bulbs.
Praise GOD from whom All Blessings Flow....
so how do I get a signed copy of said book???
Book signing for LETTERS TO YOUNG FILMMAKERS/Creativity and Getting your Films made is 7pm this Thursday Feb 2 at The Writers Store, Burbank
get them to do a promo video 
Excited for the brewing contest at Leinenkugel's beer garden at the Power Plant
: No doubt, he's talented.
Just not certain that franchise has a place in 2012.
Another amazing year at the Albuquerque Film Festival.
Great panels, films, and parties.
I am so grateful for all the inspiration.
Pics soon
Studying for chem
:  : is a jerk he NEVER text me back : awkward something is not right...
Left is Right  South Korean political meeting descends into fisticuffs  CNN
RT  Tomorrow there will be no NBA or NFL in Cleveland.
The Indians must have that Home Alone feeling.
Throw a party  g...
Saints vs Lions and Heat game tonight.
Plus live music and good times as we do it until 4am.
She wears short shorts No just no.
School is to strict nowadays to let us wear short shorts
Twitter has decided I'm similar to Mensah Demary, no!!!!!!!!!
Pleeeaaassseee no!!!!
I'm starting a hoverboarding movement for 2020.
fooling yourselves believing Weeden is the answer he will now be playing against real defenses
Im so inlove with life:
Lake Wales, you guys rule!
Thanks for making tonight awesome!
Be sure to check out Beware's video when It comes out!
Stay classy!
I expect a full day of ESPN using Bo's own words against him and spindoctor what he said.
Put up your sheilds Badgers fans.
Open TuesdaySaturdy, 117, Closed Sundays; private parties/meeting space  catering on Mondays.
Awww whatever RT : Longest OpeningDay game in Major League history.
Happening now in Progressive Field.
16th inning.
And when someone as big as the president supports gay marriage, it's extremely important that everyone know why.
RT : Health care reform is a values statement, and it is working in Massachusetts.
how you like dem apples chick lol
Writing out parts to some new tunes again!
Will play these and others at the Village Vanguard April 10  15!
Little O and ginger/jinjor can do the Star Trek Vulcan hand greeting like meLivelongprosper
We Rushers Love Our Boys is trending.
Good to connect with you  Love the MoWo!
Augmenting playlist function for something like music  audio book playlist w/ reader generated personal archives in private cloud
Was about to leave this roof party when dude brings up 4 pizzas.
Great way to end
now reporting that Joe Paterno has died.RIP!!!
I'm thankful for God's breaking in my life this last season it shall produce healing in yours!
Hosea 6:13
I'm bored like 4real
He Arose!
He Arose!
HALELUJAH, CHRIST AROSE!
Thank you, Lord Jesus!
Chuck correcting Shaq!
Gotta love it.
When Shaq tries to look smart, he just looks stupid.
the link doesn't work
The ladies went to a concert.
And when HTown hit the stage OMG!
but When doctorHill Hit the stage the ladies were literally on the stage.
Need to hire Claims Adjusters?
What kind?
We've found them all!
513 899 9628
Georgia is on my mind.
She's so fine.
WOLA participated in Bojaya comemoration in Bogta but the diplomatic corps, UN and high level officials of Santos gov did not
lmfao puss ur a ship jumper that's all I wanted u to say and u did oh and no bitch In me this way homie
how long does your season last with the playoffs?
Would love to have you at the Cougar Legends event in June
what destroys a sales rock star?
one thing and one thing only: HUBRIS.
Rangers should stick with youth and forget Brad Richards.

I can only imagine the pictures yall are looking at!They were definitely good times!missyall
More Albert Brooks' stellar performance
apparently, this is birdland
Our eyes are always the same size from birth, but our nose and ears never stop growing.
It was
Wow now the Clippers deal fell apart too lmao..
From my research, it appears legit.
I'm sending one to my son.
oh that sounds so good!
that's actually a pretty good one.
there's a nationwide welder shortage!
more lucrative/harder: machinists
Its Follow Friday!
If they know what's good
dinner was fabulous!
thanks for the margarita ;
Help trend
go check it out in facebook
About to smash a WOD for the second time today.
A different one, of course.
Does anyone out there feel my pain?!
What is the sparkle weather symbol?
Snow?
Rain?
Stars?
Confetti?
good defense Memphis
thanks Jason!
and to Washington DC for a concert and meetngreet!
: AustinToDC 26
Check yourself before you wreck yourself..
always looking good
Another song you don't want to hear in jail: Because love won't let me wait ohLol!
i have so much i need to do today and all i wanna do is lay around, guess i'll do that tomorrow
let's see it!
My favorite comment about xfest today, You had me at Jane's Addiction.
Good things come to those who wait....
what's the score?
hit the booty do  pops bang,bang,bang
I know right :!
3333 I rock at while doing my homework
Delia Bey is using My ArtNotStuff facebook application enjoy
Ayyyyyy I'm  MVP were da hood at fuck a side 210 n forever bitch
The suns score?
I knowww right!!
But still GoSuns RT : Oh, for the love of all that is good and holy!
Looking for extra savings.
Use promo code 231031 to get 25 any 9 West frame purchase from now until October 31st.
Some restrictions
It's morandi tonight for dinner.
honey you need all the advise you can get
2 tics available to Cowboy Mouth/Candlebox tonight in San Antonio at Backstage Live.
DM me if you want them.
oh are they connected accounts
And a lot of white cotton gloves.
Where the hell did all these come from?
I use white cotton gloves approximately never.
Every living situation I had planned and backed up in the Portland area just went down hill.
Alas, some formerly good publishers stopped copyediting books.
Terrible.
Look a book in the eye  ask: where is the quality?
cisco works
40th Anniversary week of The Godfather got to watch at least one....
AMC is showing it all week.
Enjoy.
Thank YOU!
thx for following edumarketing!
This acct is curated by Digital Pulp.
a leading digital agency in the .edu category.
Haha, I just pulled coworkers into my office to watch the video of the Feinger.
That song was...
memorable.
Picking up Mountain Biking and need help on Bike brands etc.
I'm all ears...
I have arrived at dthr  looking forward to hearing
Going to try a 3mile walk today.
Oi Doris!
Miss you guys..went home 2 MIA for a few weeks, now back to work on show!
Beijos e lembrancas para todas do grupo, :D
Kinda doctorading the vegetarian thing right now....
These beans are taking way too long to cook....
Starving!!
smh
Having a hard time sleeping.
Amped over the TweetUpBash with
WE GOIN MASS ST.
happy b day apple head
Just had my audition for doctorll team!!
Cross your fingers for me!
Thank yall!
3
Finally getting around to watching Band of Brothers.
I love Netflix.
nice!
Sanchez should win
how u been and when is ur birthday ?
Third trip to the doctor this week.
This time for me.
Hopefully third times a charm and the rest of the fam stays healthy.
When no one believes in me I have my mother that always remind me to keep going so BLESSED  on that note Gn 
CNBC uses a muzak version of the Replacement's Alex Chilton for their bumper this AM on Squawk on the Street.
Everything is mainstream...
This!
RT: lunch w/featured speaker Education matters.
A lot.
Perhaps more than anything else.
So proud of my hubby!
He is on the board of the San Diego Symphony and he is doing great things for the Symphony!
one friend....that's all i want,  that's all i need.
i can't stand my friends at chap.
i'm sorry....only one of em is actually real.
I had to Google those..oh my!
Twitter I need to take a shower...
stop distracting me!!!
.
name the time man...then hit up for some brews
f this place lol
just got out of work.
bad idea to doctornk a red bull around midnight
because its a man!
no.
i have never talked to you before.
Any Phillies updates for me??
Thanks for the mention, friends!
Have a wonderful week :
Tattoos  sex
Block granting Medicaid would strip New York nursing homes of 31 percent of their funding!
Stop !
Source: KFF
i just hate everything right now.
wait can someone explain to me whats up with and ?
Thanks!
RT Oh yeah and shoutout to my cute new follower
Anna Brickhouse on After English panel: There was a longue multilingual duree BEFORE English
Even through the darkest days, this fire burns always.
Made famous by CM Punk's old music.
Things will improve in time.
thought you were comparing the success new coke had to the new iPad...that's all
they are great!!!
unless you burn them
S/O to welcome to the twitter world,long time no talk how u been, n the little one??
the payday loan store is not a bank, frank
Only 4 lbs away from my goal of losing 30 lbs!
Here's hoping its all in the layer of fat covering my abs...
I hope your Record Store Day release is going to be available stateside.
I'm pretty sure your weekend being ruined doesn't ruin everyone else's!
You need to be.
Follow our blog and join the discussion on transnational spaces of elearning
how u hate me because im doing what im supposed to be doing?
Ima go on my account now bye!!
MB
they will prioritize ur music mind and sustain high quality tunes for ur doctorms
despise Apple earphones
I'm expected to have a productive summer with a Lil fun..
with pushing Unlevel an TheUsociety movement.
Thanks for the FF Lori!!!
You may be dirty, dangerous, and sometimes even devastating, but I love you New York.
And dw if I meet him I'll tell him that Amara says hi..
Or try get some sorta signature outta him, and give him a
actually never watched Angel, so Buffy is a rewatch but Angel is new for me
haha real deal right here.
I'll work on some more poses 
good...
at the doctors and you?
Great program on NPR 's Forum today; SF history lessons ftw!
You went blonde?
I HAVE to see.
Plus, Uverse kicks ass.
Should be a great show.
Are you going?
We're really getting excited for the helixedu launch.
Packing now!
WARRIORS HAVE A SAFE AND HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!!!!!

Its all right letting yourself go as long as you can let yourself back.
Mick Jagger
ya its fucking horrible
I got to attend Starlight a few yrs ago when my celebrity twin hosted!
Have a great time  awesome cause!!
no doubt!
All my beef come with fries and a doctornk
what up bro
love how versatile this doctorss is!
And I too love wearing Tshirts with knots!:
way to bring that up AFTER someone else already did.
Stealing jokes?
Good work Carlos Mencia.
Received my income tax  today and pay week?!
Yep, Vegas fund is looking real good about now, thank you Lord!
3 : 
Karma comes just maybe not from the person you hurt.
Happy Birthday to my lovely and supertalented dear friend xxoo D

God places people in your life for a reason, sometimes he removes them out of your life for a better reason.
THE SEC is 10 in Bowl Games this year WOO PIG SOOIE!
Did I just miss something?
The bluegreen color of teal is named for the Common Teal, or Eurasian Teal, a breed of duck, which is the smallest dabbling duck.
Last night was fun!
was amazing it was great getting to play with them!
And a big thank you Sean for your help last night!
Taking a tour of downtown Waukesha with for
I'll finally admit it, I miss you
So.
Freaking.
Tired.
But so, so happy.
:
better live than dead!
Maybe brewing your own beer over here at Copper Kettle while grabbing a brew at
DeLeo recommits to remaining atop the nation in health care access/quality but says Massachusetts should also lead in efficiency.
grading through lunch?
Of course!
Laker game later so this will be done...
it's beeping and flashing
So the nuggets r comin from a 31 deficit as well.
Now the lakeshow r leading again.
Look for us in Fells Point on Friday night and Canton on Saturday starting at 3:30pm!
You know you want a ride...
Checking out and play some lax in Madison.
yes please right now!
Never got to those long islands...
Finally getting to wear shorts today to school :D
How about taking an Über to the police station early on a Saturday morning?
very very Cool show.
No!
Wait!
It is very VegasKool.
how about you meet me in Roma?!
I'm ready for the second leg of this getaway.
Bring mini Oreos.
I never thought I'd say this, but more caffeine may not be the right answer...
whn i say i lo e u i mean it 3
Currently on HAL: Librarian from Egypt looking for advice on DSpace.
TheAgeofthePlatform bk by A must read in increasingly complex yet connected world, even if not in business 
So sleepy....
tweets are the best on twitter
Let past make u better, not bitter
im back babe
MXpresidentialDebate Quadoctor: it's impresive how the polititians keep mudslinging instead of talking about relevant proposals
Finally got my tix to VB...
Looking forward to a weekend of Beach Cruisers...
Ocean...
and Orange Crushes
What is conservatism?
Is it not adherence to the old and tried, against the new and untried Abraham Lincoln
Thank you.
Looking forward to having you in class next spring.
I took a step back ,let you go ,I told you I'm not bullet proof,now u know.Taylor Swift
Contact me  re: Financial Systems Analyst or Sr.
Businness Analyst positions
Thanksgiving break!!!
that's music to my ears!
Someone hook me up with info for that secret Black Keys show
You may know more than me, but that does not mean that I do not know how to use the information I have equally well.
Happy Hour at 5!
professorssional Development Panel Discussion at 6:30!
You'll be at both, yeah?
party this friday fayetteville, nc party next fri columbia, sc hmu 4 details
Mark Casto will be preaching at United Christian Church Cleveland TN tonight at 7pm www.uccma.net don't miss it.
Ustream live
RT : RT : if u had to watch  digest maddow wouldn't u be happy
I hate tables!!!
hahaha no, I live in wrigleyville you don't have to worry much about that.
Show the audience a complete picture of what they are getting during your close.
Movie night watching 50/50.
Nothing like some cancer  Seth Rogan to get you laughing and crying at the same time!
busy with reference questions this morning.
Great start so far.
so we're like 2,000 in line.....
get involved in state organization
Hello followers of Classic Rewind!
Have you received any invites to our Events???
Also, as much as we all like Johnny Holliday, he's a botch machine tonight.
Only a 20 minute wait to get in to Will buy a weeks supply.
I know
Then maybe Alex can chop off his tail, remember being ridiculed by his peers and and turn mean just like DeJesus.
I don't know if I can stomach the Bulls today.
What up world
Listen to right now and chill with us and : Reminding you about events coming up and awkward news!
instincts, i hate that you're right.
all the time.
Hi Thanks for the follow.
I will stroll over soon from the East Village to quench my thirst!
I wish would come run with me lazyass 
what you up to?
thankfully that snowstorm is over!!!
wow
Lol ok sound good what r we eating hahaha RT
The way Bobby V was running his mouth in spring training makes this win even better.
Your So Cute!: You Look Like My Kitty!:3
I feel like kooln on Pluto w/my nigga 
Yeah.
No disagreement there.
My 10 y/o went on a field trip today.
Asked me to put music on her iPod.
Right about now she's probably Rockin' the Paradise.
doctormatically singing a song to your bestfriend.
ISNT SHE LOVEEELYYYY
My bad, just realized he's not my first celebrity follower!
He's number two!
was the first!
But I still have love for him!
what's the average b2b transaction size?
That's the real sad part.
But I think what's even worse is some of them do know and they just don't care.
: R.I.P.
Kenzie
You just made fun of someone with a walking disability.
Man, you're so cool.
Sometimes!
They catch em', shoot em', and sell em'.
I love the show.
It makes me want to go out and shoot a gator!
Sperry's are pretty great.
I missed mine over the winter.
USGS in Reston Va closing its maps store Last chance 4 their stock of way cool geologic quadsoversize maps25 off
I am who I am, and I love that about me, if you don't I really couldn't care less!
Your approval, isn't needed in this situation
Super 8 is intense!!!
Coming soon from Ft.
n With You video shoot.
Just got word early June
today is going to be a long day
Happy 15th Birthday to my inspiration.
I love you 3
ShoutOutTo90sKids who use to play tetherball.
Thanks for the follow
I thought I was done with dead kittens :
So.
Where the hell was 33 with 3HR Adoctoran in game 1?
Screw you too.
If I could hit you with a pitch, I would.
Try the Kindle App from Amazon.
Better still buy a Kindle which you can read in bright sun, unlke the IPad.
In case you could build a business up large enough, it is respectable.
: I LIKE your FB page today!
You are my kind of girlfriend.
ENJOY!!
here and partake of the meal, and dip your morsel in the vinegar.
So she sat down beside the reapers.
He handed her roasted Torah 42/99
Annnndd I'm done for the night.
Hello March!!!!!
Wow, you're already here!
Hahaha!
Then definitely don't remember my Moscow HS team practicing at the Kibbie Dome in 9900 season.
Thanks!
Great to see you here.
Great journalism means we never stop learning.
you guys here?
Happy birthday ;
Mild bluegrass allergy MT Are you going to this Sat, 18 pm?
If not, better have a good excuse.
Definitely supplementing my notes here right now.
Omg!
Im so freaked out right now!
our school is stupid...and i told my mom about the threats today and she said ok!?
Devin.Anne3
Yakoke, , , , and especially my favorite twitter feed,I heart y'all.
ITS FRIDAY!
What are your doing with your weekend?
I'm so happy to have this job, but I do miss going to the library and stalking you :
Is packing her suitcase for San Fran tomorrow!!
We!
When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.
Jimi Hendoctorx
Must head out for main campus  have a great Friday all
Her CLASS dwarfs Rick and the BatSht Crazy bunch.
You can't be against marriage equality for religious beliefs and admit you yourself have not read the Bible.
Disappointed, Manny Pacquiao.
At least you had the experience.
It must have been a special love to hurt so bad.
Hang in there.
yessir.
a series of organized pitches placed in unique rhythms spewed from the devil's gut fotl style in NYC.
wtf matewhy is it that i always have the rare side effect from medsstarting to question if my parents really spaced out my vx as a child
Md vs Notre Dame for a trip to the Final Four.
Merry XMas to you too!
Praise him in advance!
To know that Jacobs going to finish vocals on our EP that was supposed to be finished last May is awesome news!
bun with egg rolls!
3 New Tracks Up More Comming Soon!
ZoeBeats.Com Hit It Up!
Leases 10 At The Momment Wont Last Long!
holy active on twitter!
RT : There are 9,500 registered this year in Cannes2012 meaning 9 increase since last.
1900 Buyers.
via
Playing airsoft with some of the guys from the student ministry tonight.
I am preparing to lead a 4 wk discussion on Humility.
I need feedback on Characteristics, People, Stories and Videos on Humility.
Nailed it.
:
Just 12 days away from LIVEWIRES.
Hope to see you all there.
Except that someone was 511 last year
Chris Bosh is one ugly mother fucker but his new baby is ADORABLE
Holy mother of baby Jeebus!
I worked with PowerPoint for almost eight solid hours today.
My brain is mush!
Worst.
Program.
EVER!
is gorgeous!
I love you.
It's always nice getting doctor humped by anxiety til 2:30am when your alarm is set for 4:30am.
First morning show in 3 hours
My birthday too!
RT: mindblowing: Danny Hultzen and Jesus Montero the M's battery of the future were each born on Nov.
28, 1989
recognition dawning Oh, I know you.
You're the caveman...but.
You've brushed your hair.
That wasn't very nice.
thinks my niece Julie sang like an angel.
She likes to go against type.
The other kids sang well, too
I have no idea
Wrong link
Three more days here.
Happy Mother's Day!!!
I accidentally slept 8 hours.
Why do I feel awful?
Applicants for the Nov 1 2011 deadline: you should have received notice by this point.
Congrats to all those approved!
HA!
I just told my husband, of all the things that should hurt, MY SHOULDERS hurt the most.
WTF?!
Great job out there!
WhyDoIAlways get so jealous and protective over you, when you're not even mine.
right , good to know some people understand
RT : RT : Why waste everybody's time 'racing for a cure' when is on the job?...
cause I love you.
Reply me on msn
Feel like watching oooldd disney movies.
Im talking before pixar.
Old Navy has fake Sorel boots.
It was strange.
Amen!
Love Pinterest!
RT Pinterest doctorving traffic for retailers/serving as a severe distraction for moi on.mash.to/yb333A
Yep, it will be free.
You'll need to subscribe to the new awesomeness channel, which will be our carrier to get notified.
Thanks for your support Connie!
How's Biz going??
How can we help you?
Damn, they gun free lil boosie mayne, trill  after he serves his sentence that is.
: I just want a fan right now Meagan's Number 1!!
yes please!
new divalicious playlist in the works.
This time: lots of funk and Janet Jackson.
Get ready!!
Follow Back Please:
up early workin in the lab fk black Friday I got another plan
Happy birthday?
thanks Emma!!
Miss you girlie.
The one time I'm doctorving around and near she not even home hahah
Get out  vote tomorrow!
Be sure to listen to Casey and Jackie on your way from the polls to work on 95.3 FM at 8:10am!!
Looking forward to some of your photos from the show!
You're rocking everybody's world this year.
: HAPPY 2012 TO MAHOMIES!
congrats.
We love you so much!
3 
Rockies take out Fowler, move Colvin to center, Pacheo at 1st.
Fowler hit in face at 2nd base in Rox 4th.
I totally just got schooled by my mom in scramble with friends.
I may be scarred for life.
hold on crotch mouth I'm eating dinner haha
will do
Apple needs to make longer chargers 
My teeth hurt stupid train tracks 
don't lie, you couldn't live without me kaitlyn
Thank you darlings!!
Student Section special on The Future of the BCS continues in the 5 PM hour with 's Gina Chappin and NIU Ath Dir Jeff Compher
Very busy day in the office today!
What are you doing to unwind this weekend?
Headed to InNout Burger!
Highlight of this work trip so far!
Whenever you're ready, we'll make the reservation for you!
Let Elana know.
You're the best!
Family Guy is funnier than I give it credit for.
forever jealous.
Haha.
I wish I didn't have to work:
great!!, I would like to know the members of Distubed, but I think I better resign hahahahaha
bring Crayons
If you do it, share how it turned out.
I have one of those and have been thinking abt rooting it.
Monday Marketing Tip: Have a happy customer?
Don't be shy  request a customer review online!
Tonight!
Grimoon from Italy with locals Unique Massive!
At The Bunkhouse 21 10pm 5

RT What do u mean pretty, pretty pretty good?
Its FANTASTIC!
Have been travelin.
You'll see me again soon :
If you could have written any book, what book would you like to have written?
kendoctork: Disclosure: I got horribly behind on the owls because of sla2010 and conference crud.
I'll be caught up this weekend.
NewGirlFinale I love this show!!:
On page 80 of Act Like A Lady, Think Like A Man ..
the book is good, I feel like steveharvey is making excuses for men but, good stuff!
Can you please FOLLOW ME?
Big fan!!
Gorgeous night up here at the Russian River.
I think when you have a 12 hour day at work, the next day should be pajama day.
Without energyefficient window treatments, as much as 50 of a home's heating and cooling energy can be lost through its windows.
When life pushes you to your knees, your in the perfect position to pray.
there is no way Michigan will be playing Houston in the Sugar Bowl and Wisconsin is in the Capital One Bowl.
Get your manipedi at Nails By Tracy for over 50 off on www.crowdclick.com!
http:// www.policemountainbiketraining.com
istoppedbelievinginSantawhen he left me a big pile of COAL!!!
Currently loling bc I just read the convo BT and her twitter crush.
RT : .
Yes.
Play in the Park is supervised.
We have 26 locations across the City.
Find them at www.okc.gov/parks
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
Just saw a huge meteor shoot across the sky.
That...
was...
AWESOME!!
Ugh its monday btw GM tweethearts!
watched your fb video on running, very helpful!
I think it's awesome how you give back and try to lift people up!
coffee Hello Coffee doctornker, when was the last time your fav brand paid you for doctornking or referring their coffee?
Well mine does!
well this is his fan page ....
: so its kinda my job :
Database not working...
I wish I was a part owner of the taylor franchise
You're pretty much set with what you have.
Hughes', I, Too, Sing America is a fav.
Claude McKay is one to check out, too.
Eating some legit fat pattys with
I'm all about letting those folks jump right on off.
I lasted for 3 min on FB.
Pretty sure Google is where I am staying.
Sunday we should discuss this end of the world shit!
About to get shouty over beer tweets.
I might start crying.
Aaron Rogers is my hero.
Just got snapped of by A8 off on an A K Q J board river bet...WTF?
No chance of winning 150k with players like this in the field!
I love you too
GREAT OPENING I CAN'T GET THIS SMILE OF MY FACE!!!!
Good morning everyone in the twitterverse!
Rise and shine w/God's blessings!
I don't need a parade...
But I could go for a couple appletinis lmfao
Wooohooo!
I'm so happy for you guys!
Can't wait to party!
Oh and GoPackGo :
ridin till the wheels fall off
Way to go Tex eyes rolling
We live in the richest country in the world w/ arguably the best  most diverse agricultural land.
time well spent with the love of ur life...priceless!
gn ppl :
Come one, come all!
RT : 6pm Tomorrow  Bucketworks  Pro Forms Presentation  Qdoba taco bar courtesy of JD
for what?
How doesn't a head butt warrant an in person hearing?
Hit us up bro!
We have to get you your Official BallSoHard Gear!!!
Looking forward to doing my presentation Responsive Web Design: Philosophy, Technology, and You at wcmia in February!
Finished my book a few weeks ago.
Release date still to come.
And hopefully I'll be teaching at Howard University next year.
Working on a new song, today was by far one of the best in a long time!
Wa wa wee wa!!
Hello!
Glad to meet another tshirt freak.
We'll be sure to send you pics of samples of cool tshirts we make.
how amazing would it be if Action Bronson signed to doctor doctor and Eminem
OMG!
I don't know what to do with myself!!!
Haven't decided yet.
But I know it'll be cute.
Really?
Seems like 10
awesome interview piece!!
nice meeting you last night  the dodgers game with !
I just wanted to thank all my new followers :
Or do you just enjoy Berman in the commercial?
RT : I'm embarrassed to say I kind of like it too.
it pained me to see you guys out there tonight.
JETS for life.
I really dont want to go to a 3 hour class today.
I'm not in the mood.
Happy BDay Saintly Wife.
Regards to Nibbles too.
RT Hey twitter, how about a birthday shoutout to Saintly Wife?
This is why I hate apartments.
No jokes right now.
if ur caught with a tail, you will be executed on the spot
see u doing it BIG i WILL B in Da HOUSE thurnite w/SNOOP
this post seemed inappropriate cuz i read it fast lol
Morning runs around Rock Creek Park and the DC monuments on a sunny day make me think DC is simply gorgeous
you must give up the life you planned, in order to have the life that is waiting for you
There are starving kids in Africa.
Denny's has a Kids Eat Free promotion.
Build a Denny's in Africa.
Problem solved
I'm ready mother fker
follow me?
please
I tell them to keep making dirting things about me it really turns me on.lol
We got one yesterday!
I like it.
I still have the Diane Arbus card from , btw, which reminds me of your connoisseurship.
It's Friday!
THE EROTIC CHALLENGE the Hottest Contest In .com 50k and a modeling contract at stake info
DJ comp!
I'm all about the shortterm gratification, apparently.
:P
I've had a stuffy nose for a week...
goawayalready!
Doing what I love.
GIRL ILL BE THINKING ABOUT YOU WORLDWIDE WORLDWIDE WORLDWIDE.
yea lock that in, fade u this weekend fasho, hope they still good some good seats!
Either way still gonna b
RT Happy international women's day.
Don't forget gents.
It's the little things.
Put the toilet seat down after you pee.
We're gonna need a bigger wagon.
RT police looking for a female with mental illness possibly at the W hotel
Axford should be good for about 4 innings tomorrow.
better to forcibly export the Banner mangler to Canada!
I need to leave right now
God damn mother truckers !!!
No te metas con mi cucu !!!!
Just freaking out because Alex retweeted me.
: Haha what about you???
Spring is here in Milwaukee...
Brewers Opening Day game today.
WhyILoveCanada  Open minded, tolerant people, hockey and ;  Hahaha!
that's totally what I had!
a yoohoo would good rite....its been a min since I had one
At home watching
Niggas on Halo Reach that get pist for everything.
X
as long as i get paid lol
Great effort tnite by 100elite!!!!!!!!
must just be having an off day.
RT Want to advertise your DFW event for free.
DM or Reply us with the exact details you want tweeted!
Looking forward to next saturday !
Got misled by a guy with long hair and wraparound shades.
Can't trust anybody these days.
Love this Calvin and Hobbes strip on Gocomics.com.
undefined
I really like exercises 19b and 27.
Keep doing more!
apologize in person
So...can ANYONE tell me if the groundhog saw its shadow yesterday?!?!?!
great fight can't wait for the others tonight!!
Had a surprise selfdefense class this eve with a real master ninja.
Who could've easily passed for 's brother.
My personal Twitter whipping boy is back at it, cutting flights in Milwaukee like nobody's business.
follow us!
We are the only Carrie  Lauren twitter.
.
look who's reading the whole thing!
I will fix it  thanks!!
Just Checked Out 's Updated Website  I Must Say I'm Impressed!
Looks Fresh Madea!!
Dates for Chicago show coming soon..Brewcity takeova!!
what up chitown!!
Me too.
Go Bellevue Residents!
RT : bdaevents w/ at for
same here so what u been up too buddy
If u major in COM FILM MEDIA JOR GSLIS PR or WR you're invited to a Listening Session with professorHobbs TONIGHT 4pm in the Alumni Center
lol me too its fun :D
Going to baseball game and then early fireworks.
Boom.
Lecrae's Church Clothes is boutta go so hard!!!
I can tell this organization is committed to winning Peyton Manning
Hey wow been a very long time :
been there with BARNEY!
Most annoying song lol
little whipped dude in a cup sayscall me interesting?....interesting.
Cotto got one good punch in 
Right back at you guys!
:
Bah!
I forgot my leftovers in your trunk.
I guess Mike gets lunch tomorrow too :
my bad what wuz u posta say?
Contact us  become part of our new Mobile App launching very soon
I'm on a seafood diet.
I see food and I eat it.
Dont i know you ?
love boyfriend video, cant wait for believe 3
Charles and Baltimore, which is somewhat outrageous.
About three chapters into The Hunger Games.
Yeah, it's pretty good
: Focus on what's lies ahead and not what you've left behind.
Preach girl...preach
May 17th Motéma Music releases: The Music of Randy Newman featuring Roseanna Vitro, Sara Caswell, Mark Soskin, Dean Johnson and Tim...
I'm right here love 
Footprints in the sand of time were not made by folks who stood still.
Unknown
We are located at 2826 Vine Street, 45219.
Aka Short Vine two doors down from the firehouse.
Hope you can stop by!
Sometimes I feel as if I'm the only levelheaded one out of all my friends.
did you go to American Way?
Forced day off from the gym tomorrow night.
Looks like a hard Friday, Saturday and Sunday are on my horizon.
You inspire many designers every season!
or is it exactly what he wanted?
Quality music to the masses.
Listening to Bon Iver whilst dying inside probably wasn't
Seamless simple on the spot presentations from files hosted in the cloud.
RT : Interesting.
Why?
looks familiar...
This week is going by so slow, lol
does anyone actually know if jelena is over because i heard like 5 different reasons why they broke up
today im so cynical
Hahahaha!
Go castle!
You played the zombie very well, lol.
Pretty sure I get to see TWO times next month!!
Just finished the book, incredibly insightful on the inner workings of the business of Beckham, inner workings of the MLS.
Trying to create a todaysmeet.com page for group 5  anyone have better luck?
Need a nap asap.
Bout to sleep like a hungover baby.
PB definitely has some dumpster divers
tell me you were lying and your REAL favorite pizza is spicy chicken and roasted red peppers with basil
Welcome to MW, Eric.
Sounds like a good morning with social media.
Always time for the nextevolution.
Yeah, that last game shaved a few years off my life.
I'll watch tonight for sure...after I tan.
we are excited to have you stay in Seattle.
Nothing like hometown players!
I'm a Hobbit lover too.
They're also filiming a film of another favorite, The Runelords.
vote on actors
Go Marty Brodeur F The NYR!!!
Omg, I have to stop going shopping :O GirlObsession :
wherever it is he should play till he wants and then he would be my head coach.
I want him at jags better chance of starting
I defy you to watch that Stronger cancer patients video and not cry.
And then feel so grateful for the health of your own childoctorn.
Congrats, guys!
Can't wait to pick up some great shirts and ties on April 28.
When I make it to Hollywood, which actors do I want to work with?
Well  of course, they awesome actors  pple!!
besides, in films the bad guys always use Dells.
occupyla any news about the Japanese rail workers stopping a train for occupyports ?
BREATHE DEEPLY
I've checked your blog out and you have a GREAT book, yourself!!
haha that sounds perfect
.
will you talk abt gun violence while wooing NRA today?
Tnks to yr strong record on gun control MA is safer for people  police.
GAGA u rock

It is much easier to avoid a disagreement than to remove discontents.
are and Lucy the same person?
They sound the same and look the same in my head.
It was really my pleasure!
As always, you ROCKED the house!!
Well in this case, The Mile!!!
What kind of color do you want?
Lighter or darker?
and stressful!
You might say, I'm a doctoramer...but I'm not the only one ;
My friends ask why I can't just walk away cause I'm addicted, to the pain, the stress, the doctorma, I guess I'm a mess
I'll text you.
I liked Kaplan's guide a lot.
The extent of my GRE prep was reading the examples and practice tests in their book.
YMMV.
De nada.
Have a good one, chica!
thanks but i wont be around that wknd
you know I don't speak Spanish.
In English please lol someone's frustrated though
If anyone is needing a last minute turkey day haircut, give us a call 252  9522.
Still a few appointments available!!
Folks have been talking about 's code on the comp.lang.fortran newsgroup all week.
where is this?
fluentbus making party runs SXSW all night including
Can you follow me?
Plz.
:
The worst things in life come free to us.
I wish tomorrow could last forever
and this year we picked Nationals Park!!
Hitting up the Alfresco webinar on integration with
I have 's TTYLXOX on repeat.
It is an amazing song.
reminds me of phi sig Carolina cup :
thanks my good man.
Hope all is well with you!
It's a beautiful day
I'm quitting life if he's out for a significant amount of time
I am just smh to the fact that I am far mature than my parents and the fact that people think they know basketball.
catching up on dish nation,I so love this show....
We have no take backs in SBC!
There's no other company giving aways houses, cars, and 300,000 cash.
Lock in your position:...
If anytime in the future they develop a time machine, will anyone want to revisit these past 10 years?
I will sit and work, work, work on a scene for weeks.
Then the answer comes to me when I'm doing something else.
OMG IM SO HAPPY 4 U YEAH!!!!!!!!!
THANKS NICK!
Today we will be exploring what it means to turn the world upside down.
Why would you take out Tevez?!?!
If your dating a guy that has a lot going on don't wake up everyday asking him what he gotta do today I.promise.you'll.run.him.off
This Saturday Basia is coming to Chicago.
Excited to see her live:
Another caution as gets loose and spins out  69 to go
Thor was good...
Chris Hemsworth did a great job!
Can't wait for The Avengers!
no problem!
By the way, I'm I co own this with Kyle 
Thanks  that had me laugh out loud!
In other news, it's also Brooke's 6th birthday today  big day indeed
Morning Rockstars!
In the hopes of reaching the moon men fail to see the flowers that blossom at their feet.
Albert Schweitzer
I'd be a silly ass news anchor.
The MMOD iPhone app hasn't had a banner ad unit load on my home screen in 2 days.
Revenue loss?
I think we just became best friends.
:P
Obama is live on CSPAN at Florida Atlantic University talking about the tax code.
I thought theVoice was all about being real?
Fixing to watch the avengers.
Hope its good
Yup!
Which also helps keep up interest and participation in class  nobody likes to miss a joke.
I agree
Ok time to get ready for bed TreatmentInTheAM 
is watching security escorting Liz Carroll's fan from the building.
watching Finding Your Roots with Henry Louis Gates.
Powerful!!
looks like someone likes them young.
x
Magazines really to make more articles and pictures of Like 
You play with fire your gonna get burnt, watch out for me...
Casey Abrams cant believe you went home!!!
Can't wait to hear your album
im so serious I think imma stay with one of my aunts like shit just went so down hill
Love is the word used to label the sexual excitement of the young, the habituation of the middleaged, and the mutual dependence of the old
Democrats keep complaining that the party isn't spending money to defeat Walker...
That's how a singleparty system works.
Teaching my son to talk smack on Mario Kart
I love you too :D 3
I'm so jealous hahah.
I didn't get the invite!
There's only ONE place here in my entire house that I get WiFi :'O sits in this spot all day just to be on twitter
Pretty sure made my week.
What a great Monday.
Oh and it wouldn't be complete without !!
Yall remember that look celie had on her face when she saw her childoctorn for the first time .
.
.
This Sunday I found out that good friend has diabetes.
He was in great shape just three months ago.
Anagram: W.O.W!!
omg which one!
Thank you to those following along via live webcast!
Keep the great feedback coming.
Playin' the geetar fiddle!
Lots of new songs to perfect before we start playing again next month!
hope u didn't buy them.
Hope they were left to you in a will where someone didn't like you.
Last minute bracket number crunching from yours truly: In last 5 years, total elite 8 seeds avg:.
Final 4:.
U still owe me a shot for shot and something else: dm me
Monday has started well.
Welcome
Hey everyone check out all the great deals on www.todaysfavoritetoys.com, toys and games for childoctorn at any age!
Tired af.
Nap time after work will definitely be happening.
I thought it was cute!
;5
Matt and Kim:
Hi ladies!
: I'm not sure how people can like Chelsea Grin.
The vocalist sounds like a pissed off pterodactyl.
:l
In this is love, not that we loved God, but that He loved us and sent His Son to be the propitiation for our sins.
1 John 4:10
A year ago today I graduated high school
She says, k!
Can Do Bad All By Myself Your Art Work Sucks, I need someone who knows how to tag garages with raw shit SON!
Wishing you all a safe and happy New Year.
May all of your resolutions be successful!
The Town Cars future is in jeopardy after 2010
Good,good,...makin moves
Excited about the start of my Elite Hoops Training Academy at the Inspire Courts.
Good avenue to teach the game  give back!
Found out someone I've never officially met said they knew me well in a conversation last week.
Ha, I've made it big now right?
you are awfully quiet.
Sleeping?
Haha
We will be open regular hours during USFPoly Spring Break, just so you know you can come study here at the
Rules of killing spiders: always wear your boots to do so.
Even in pajamas.
I DO NOT want that fool crawling up my leg.
MyWorstFears i don't have any
Happy National Day to Prevent Teen Pregnancy.
Talk to the teens in your life about why it's better to wait.
yeah these bitches gotta finish a EP!
If Jesus left all of heaven to become one of us, shouldn't we at least be willing to leave out circle of friends to reach out to someone?
Fastest High Quality Overnight Printing in NYC at NYC Printing 123.
Call now for more information at 646.833.8085 or click...
These fees are hilarious!
Hahahaha!!!!
: i can help you with that.
i wont even make you pay 3awh, you're such a great friend3
oh she bad.
with or without a text on ur pic u look hot :
lol.
Really??
What's ur favorite chocolate snack?
Who is the funniest?
MARTIN LAWRENCE OR EDDIE MURPHIE
Was it attack of the stache because i can't sleep right now as well lol
mmaf2011 amazing speakers, agree on so many points on measuring mobile in realtime
damn that's cold blooded,your just going to leave out the ugly mothers :
When you have problems operating technology...
ask your 5 year old grandson.
Postproduction is about patience...
It's always a nice therapy session for me...someone who doesn't have much of it ;
Got a PSVita.
Wow.
I sort of feel like listening to Rehab would just be rubbing it in.
Loving my !
I love you guys !
Your music has been such an inspiration !
you must have been goin hard in there!
i hope you get a ticket, can't have you missing an important game
ive got a full pack.
:
RT : BaseCamp sounds cooler.
LeanTo sounds like some crappy thing in the woods // That's one way to look at it!
Banged up from kissing the floor at work Thursday but otherwise good.
in proper context Frank I said right now.
Just pull up their stats
And the countdown begins!
stupid stinky poopie
Just rubbed a huge spot of hair dye into my carpet.
UPDATE: Today's Nate Silver lecture will now start at 5:30 Apologies for the change.
raffle call!
Hope I win!
If ya weren't here, ya missed out.
If u care, Donate or !!
Try listening to The Fray and not fall asleep.
Seriously.
I dare you
I don't understand how dudes can get raped...
are you going to NM party on Thursday!
Very much a pleasure meeting tonight at and hearing about his strategic escapades.
Quite inspiring.
Thanks!
what's crackin ?
havent seen u in a minute
dude you're awesome!!
thanks for posting my video so people can see it!!
:D
Be nice to people and they'll usually be nice to you.
LOL.
Not true.
I learned more from youtube than him.
CanIBeHonestWithYou  b/c you sure haven't been honest to me ...
Tell yr bros in House Approp to let vote go forward on civilunions, that voice you're hearing is The Voice of the People
My daughter just told me this was the best Chanukkah gift ever!
I rock as a parent...
At least I do today
Entertaining guests this week?
Members are always welcome to bring guests, and nonmembers may visit the first floor, including the gallery.
God wants a relationship with you.
Mayock for sure
Hypercaffeinated and forgot to eat.
Oops.
bzzzzzzt
Some things just don't fly with me, especially insects with wings, hate those.
Love is giving someone your undivided attention.
Thins I love
hey mister.michelle can i get a follow back
yooooooooooooo lol what's up wit ya????!???
What park is this??
tell still to stop looking at naked pictures on Facebook..
COMPLI!!!!!
Just saw a female pilot, all suited up but she had awesome bling on her black leather pilots luggage!
Go girl!
Policeman shot and killed on Va.
Tech campus.
Gunman still at large.
Campus on lockdown.
Have a great weekend!
Just got in the mail today...
it's going to be a good weekend.
To confirm nerdyness 2nd read is Steampunk Maker's Guide
you'll like this one: Reading Eugenides' The Marriage Plot over break and my mom thought it was a selfhelp book!
lrncampphx Nov 17 Exec Learning Forum focus is talent mgt / workforce development challenges 4 Phoenix Organizations.
awww, thanks for mentioning the show : some old masters at work coming up
So I'm trying to figure out what purple doctornk is..
No luck lol :p
So true RT : Ex'a can smell when you're happy and unavailable.
They come lurking back your way.
Ha how much wood could a woodchuck chuck if the wood chuck was chuck Woodson?
SO important!!
RT :DavidALee A3: Research and don't be afraid to ask recruiter good questions to help prep for next interview
A metaphor is like a simile.
Author Unknow
lmfao i can imagine zayn a freak.
the things he'll do to you would probably kill you.
that or it's just so great you want to die
thank you for the Evolution of Business recommendation, I found utility in reading it.
Please keep them coming...
Hi Irma.Hope your week was a good one.
TGIF!
GBU ALL
Nice zipper Google!
RX2 saving another production track!
What hum?
What distortion?
What snaps?
WHAT!?
hubby i love u to pieces...
where are u hiding on me too?
U R Strong, Wise, a Protector, and Wealthy!
My mom ruined such a nice day.
Im not one to put my mother on blast over the internet, but take a damn chill pill.
My black clutch looks like its been through hell and back
Our production and casting team is now on twitter.
Please follow for updates as we finish the last of our film!
hmm...
i wonder if this is going 2 become more  more of an issue 4 charters if they grow/expand  still r 'public.' thots?
I hope she's pulling the long straw in exchange for that, then.
yeah been on instagram man way better then Facebook and tweeter
Just heard Duo Albergue plans releasing their first studio album!
Food Truck Stops: October 13
Thanks for the follow from the SJS Team!!
RT : 100 straight sellouts  best fans in baseball!!
It's so much fun playing back home in SF!
You are a him .
hahah
i'm disgusted by this
omg, I know.
I just started yesterday and I'm almost done!
I was just thinking that...
So tired...
looking forward to TAKS week boiii
Two of the most awesome librarians ever!
Met Kee at SLA 2009....
MIND GAMES BRUH.....MINE/MIND Tricky FAM
but when u r in a relationship u see happy singles lmao
I'll wait to kiss you until our wedding day;
So it looks like George Springer has arrived!!!
its a business planning kind of wkend!
Congratulations to Russell Wilson, the newest member of the Seattle Seahawks.
Third round, 75th overall pick
Don't forget, text FacebookPJ to 90210 for your chance to win a FREEPIZZA!
Normal messaging rates apply.
thanks!!
Nice meting you!
Review of Dimensions Vn Thus Far
funny you should mention that...
and I were just talking about that!!!
You in?
RT : Repeal  Replace Socialism with Capitalism!
Thanks very much!
thank you :
I think Flyers are waiting for them suspensions to be clearedthe BROAD STREET BULLIES play round 2 in game 5
just bought your new album Make it Loud awesome, high energy music, Thank you.
I would teach them How to hit.
If you can swing the stick, coaches will find a spot to hide you in the field.
someone help me vote for  for the cmt awards..
it wont let me
OSU women's hockey coach, Nate Handoctorhan gave his presentation this morning from his iPad.
Clearly a program to watch.
amen ladies!
But we will be done with school soon then summer, which we ARE HANGING OUT STILL!!!
doctorgon soul absorbent.
A fossil is a dead bone.
Stream that ish!
: Wishing y'all good luck with exams this year!
eliteNaviShit thanks b xoxoxoxox
thanks for clearing that up.
Is there an ETA for when it will be fixed?
Follow me,Is Hot related to Gossip Girl online streams
NP the zone
lol no I'm not
Follow this account :
you beat me!
But I loved it anyway!
Success is a process; whether overnight or over time.
the key is longevity greatread Motivated themoreyouknow 
Your bullshit goes in one ear  out the other!
What's the problem you're having with it?
Brian Golden: Bring people into ldoctorhip positions when they are ready, not just when they think they're ready.
: Just finished playin Hedbanz  Taboo ../bring me.my games
Going to tasteofdowntown SD tonight.
What are the musthaves?
hehe thanks, though I was referring more to the artists I work with :
: Thanks so much ..Looks like a good read!
FF wine foodCheers  thx!!
Interview at Papa Johns :
Thanks for the follow!
What outlet are you an editor for?
Omw to the airport.
Early morning flight Goodmorning and TGFAD :
The optimist sees the rose and not its thorns; the pessimist stares at the thorns, oblivious to the rose Kahlil Gibran
who you talking to ?
Do you know an individual who has increased the understanding of the human experience through the humanities disciplines in Oklahoma?
Police are quick to arrest and taking all student threats seriously in wake of Chardon incident.
That always solves things :
Side note: Just spent 30 on repairing my beloved fur JeffreyCampbells, I just know it will be worth it!
Far as I can see, could try more : Are there no clients on the iPad that can do that?
son, don't try me lololol I got expensive hoes, with expensive clothes and I sip fine wines and spit vintage flows
hahaha okay....
Okay then good night.
Cuz I have low battery
Saw Avengers and made bacon wrapped chicken and various homemade sides for wife.
Huge success.
Hey made a really great Slowcooked Broccoli and Garlic soup today You should be excited for lunch!
StreetLife is owned by Bob  Janice McNair, who will be going for their 3rd victory in the Wood Memorial, having won in 2001  2006
Seriously, see The Avengers as soon as you can.
The bar has been raised to astronomical heights.
Haven't tweeted in forever!
Seriously, Frenchy was great but Phil Hartman would have killed in The Artist.
Photoshop CS6 offers the possibility of making lens correction for video no different from correcting a single still image...
Its a GTH..
kinda day...
Gym.
Tan.
Hair!
Oh, and I will work in between :P
What doesn't kill you might come back to finish the job off so keep your wits about you
Design Tip: Use similar colors to create a feeling of calmness.
Blues, greens, purples.
some of the people at this station have a no lives and a lot of money
It's true, you could do worse.
But how did that library get in there?!?!
;
as radio ppl we should have saw that trick coming...had me too
MY LOVE MY HEART IS BREATHING FOR THIS, MOMENT IN TIME I'LL FIND THE WORDS TO SAY...
BEFORE YOU LEAVE ME TODAY!
What is your Halloween costume going to be this year!?
So many turnovers tonight ...
With Valentine's Day still fresh in our minds, we'd like to know what you LOVE most about your Library?
next time i find a bag of mold in it someone will be losing their breadbox privileges...
2000 campaign Bush said US power calls for humble foreign policy.
Enter Cheney, Wolfowitz neocons: humility be damned.
Rounding up volunteers to record aaasci session, incl.
and others.
Watching educationnation.
You should if you are an educator.
thank you so much Tim!!
that means a lot!
:
GDub is heading to the baseball state championship game!
BOOM!
I am so jealous of those who already have the LetsBeAnimals CD.
Oh well, I guess I'll just have to wait.
But is worth it!
yea...
I hope they win but then I hope they don't
does anyone know of a journal where the pedagogial issues are taught?
Midlakes Basketball: Modified tryouts start tomorrow...incredibly difficult to make cuts when the kids are this young.
Just watched a couple of new videos by Damn homie you went hard!
Oomf gone die cause of that lying watch
34.
Still in love with the world.
I will say that doctorke is definitely getting me going through this last week of classes.
Thank you both!
Very excited!
Just did a lil prep by surfing up in Wisconsin yesterday :
Early this year, kiddori was also ported to WindowsPhone.
It's an awesome app on
Nice ass day.
Getting off work early and going cliff jumping with some friends
Watching French movies and planning my return to Paris.
Paris, je t'aime!!!
Same here, if my hammy and shoulder agree with that :
With the birthday boy Jorge Necuze, happy birthday babe :
I'm looking at the individual nodes' weighted degrees and centrality, to analyze with other data for my PhD dissertation
Paul Yeezy Winnre 3...
What is your Shirt Size?
Life Is Short........So SMILE While You Still Have Teeth
watching Friends and relaxing before our show :
89K to end the day.
Very happy with how I played at a tougher than I was hoping/expecting table.
Thanks for sharing your faves  love the classic BM but meats  cheeses are always a great addition!
what question????
Lying by the pool with a doctornk in my hand.
I went today actually.
Didn't actually find anything
I love him.
I could see actually paying to see him.
Great, unique voice.
90s RB Music
Another good guess...it's actually significantly more than 500M!
RT : CompCloud 575,000,000 would be my guess
What's some good breakfast spots in jax tho?
i been in need for some fye breakfast since i been back since i have nobody to cook 4me :
Google's attempt to create more white space for apps like Reader, Gmail, etc seems misguided, with many useful features hidden.
Argh!
Thanks for the FF shoutout!
Not a nets fan..
but I will need a bk nets snapback.
Fav album by the Creepiest Creeper in Music, mister David Bowie
apparently you two are part of Nevada's History according to historyNevada's twitter..
lol HAppy happy!
:
Thanks for the follow !
i'm finna tell you to shut up.
finna finna finnaa.
you should've said it in English, fucker.
Be the type of person you want to meet.
Had ah long walk
Great day.
Bears scoop a very necessary stud WR, a very playable backup qb and save 55.55 million in not overpaying Vincent Jackson
I hope follows me!
Thanks for keeping my hopes up haha :
The Alex Kollin situation
you should stop bein ghost ya feel me..
Good OpeningDay!
Can't wait to go tomorrow's game!
Early to bed...
Gotta get up early in the morning.
Night, night Ranger fans!
So, it's been another Kevin Garnett game.
Keeping the Celtics in this.
I'm enjoying the relaxing day off so I feel lucky!!
Thnx!
You been working hard?
Several reads, darling.
That is one of the most ridiculous things I have ever seen.
And maybe the cutest.
R.I.P Levon Helm.
You were an inspiration to us all!
they've got 1hit wonders written all over 'em :
More than one of every ten Americans, suffers from chronic, disabling conditions that cause major limitations and decreased quality of life.
that awkward moment when you get caught laughing at tumblr at work...
Two auditions tomorrow  feel like some of these should come through soon!
Thanks to  for putting on the Common Core Symposium.
doctor Sheridan Blau from gave a great talk on literacy.
Hustle or get Hustled, good morning, do your thing!
I need a doctor, call me a doctor
i can never sleep late.
A B C D E F G Gummi bears are chasin me 1 is red 1 is blue 1just stole my favorite shoe i am runnin for my life cause the red 1 has a knife
Wow...I just realized that I have 4 appointments with casting directors in the month of May already!
Yay!
It's gonna be busy...but great!
See you there!
All in bed and asleep by 10:30.
Slept straight through!
Morning bottle then extra cuddle time with my sweet baby before work
thank you and for the record I am KY fan that has a subpar spin!
Lol
ok ppls i am bac my laptop broke but my dad gave me his computer so i am bac in business so wat up Mindless PPl!!
VirtuallyMeg: Librarians, its time to follow...
RT : has 24 followers.
It's 2:53 p.m.
Tips for Healthy Hair and Hair Dandoctorff Care
Just found a cupcake in my jacket pocket that im pretty sure my little sister left there for me.
Have a nice weekend
Middle finger on the trigger
Dad: Happy Birthday and rest in peace.
You said I was man of the house when you were gone I didn't know it was a curse.
Love you still.
It's hard to look right, at ya baby, but here's my number, so, call me, maybe.
I believe we need to request this tonight.
Happy Birthday, !!
they really are the best dogs, funny about the parrot, the cat is currently none too pleased with the newest addition.
dad said youre one sick perra lol did you teach him this?
You can't tell, but I just made a sixfigures' worth of gorgeous Polyvore set.
I BLAME TUMBLR
The new year brings new projects: I've been meaning to join Twitter for a while, so here I am.
Huzzah!
Bart Simpson said it best to Lisa when she was president...
Legalize it cnbcdebate...
40 million people can't be that wrong
the click here link isn't working on the web site for the live timing and scoring, any suggestions?
Huge Mountaineer road win vs S.
Fla who had only lost one at home all year.
Peaking now with Big East tourney  NCAA on horizon.
Texas is much better!!
Than the halo's
You were the best that I left last year ...
Ok no car for the next 2 weeks and I need to start a new rotation...SO who lives in Sherman Oaks and is a hot guy w a car?
I'm not that kinda bitch.
you have the best luck ever,
Aren't you supposed to be an adult?
I got the new nano in pink : But...
I'm considering trading it in for a touch.
So apparently imma b the death of the Air Force lol..my supervisor said it only takes one man...but why me!
Thanks!
RT Follow Friday!
Support local wines.
Catch the Fever...
Support IR and the Fever Aug 13.
Portion of ticket sames benefit Indy Reads!
Tipoff at 7 p.m.
See you there!
About to see Don Rickles, 2nd row, and we're definitely the youngest people in here by 50 years, shame on you young folk
boy am I feeling lazy
Streaming live now at homelesscoach.org!
Coaching Lawrence the homeless artist.
Can the power of the cloud help improve global education?
Thanks for the product donation.
I wish I could Ted and I are at the game can't change channel
Some streets near West Allis city hall are already closed for NeoNazi event.
also there are payphones
You need to know yo stroke number .
You need to know yo fuck number .
Katt Williams 
Hey!
Thank you for the follow : Come to Boise and chill with all of us!
We'd love to have you in Idaho!
3
Starting Friday, we'll be selling amazing organic coffee from to pair up with our breakfast tacos.
What a delicious pair!
Just helping people throughout the San Diego area with their home improvement projects!
You?
follow us for updates !
Its hilarious when iron man impersonates Thor xD
The Craigs List email confirmation waiting game is the worst, you guys.
That BC goal by Johnny Gaudoctorau was Evgeni Malkinlike.
Weaved his way through two turnstile defensemen.
Clincher?
Oh, I know.
You folks across the pond have issues with singular and plural nouns.
We just smile politely!
Had 2 hop on dis page cuz I need a lot of people to read these next tweets........
I feel like this relationship is going down hill ever since that dumb shit happened :/
Kristina is smokin!!!
Just got back from there.
She was a manager today!!!
Ha!
Deleting G is easy, but Gmail, Youtube, Google Calendar, Google Docs, and the search engine?
RT How many deleted G this weekend?
Abbas Happy Nakba64 really hope you do much better job for
FELLAS: Cheating on a good woman is like throwing away a DIAMOND and picking up a ROCK...
ahaha yes!
we'll be free!
you look lovely in shocked!
Ah, Razorianfly.com was just blocked at my school!
What am I to do?!?!
It's feels awesome outside...I'm going to be out here for a minute
The quick mocking bird Snapped up a bug on the fly, Smugly satisfied.
We gone be on t.v tomorrow poppin we about to have fun
Dying a part of my hair red;
5 auditions in a week.....ok LETS DO ThiS!!!!
Questionable imagery
Some Guys Realize it
bahahah well played ms.
cunningham, well played
Going to the Unity rally tomorrow?
Prepare to get creative!
Unity mural all the way around the square, with chalk paint!
RT!
Interesting that on our 4 year wedding anniversary, my husband finally decides to follow me on Twitter.
Thanks love!
So now that Facebook bought Instagram, are all uploaded photos going to autofilter via the PolaroidInAPuddle effect?
Brooklyn schoolkids all sporting little straw fedoras this Spring...
story of my life....
Hard to believe it's superbowl Sunday.
I'm looking forward to the snacks, commercials and half time show.
Oh yeah, and the game too.
LOL
I heard about that.
Don't know how true, but I've definitely heard that.
thats y we have it
Unbelievably made it to the airport with plenty of time to spare!
Something wrong with malik
request one from !!
I be watching that show psych that shit funny as hell.
I usually tip 1 or 2  no more than that for a togo order.
Very good questiondefinitely why I ended my declarative with a question mark!
Lemme follow up...
ps, you have 38k followers, what?
HillerHelps  PreNuptial Agreements can cause lingering resentment by one fiance if approached poorly.
I'm effin hungry
Following us b/c you're interested in ?DM us  find out how to bring her to your campus university to
that's awesome!
congrats!
Star Camp will be in your city soon promoting Getting Em be on the look out
OMG YES!3
Erik Von Detten was Sid in Toy Story?
Mind blown.
Working on doctorpal guide for whoever will be administrator of this website after me.
Welcome to Moes.
Don't really know what to say back.
Hi?
Okay?
Thanks?

oh yeah
Thanks to Homestead Farms in Poolesville, Maryland for donating more than 200 pounds of apples and broccoli for our guests!
In Blake Griffin's new Kia commercial, the car doctorves itself off a bridge.
T Plush doctorpping the F bombs like a mofo
as a fan of the comix, I thought Whedon did a commendable job of both balancing and giving each character their moment to shine
LOVE is to powerfull
Yeah.But there also always true friends n ppl da like u n would stand by u in da bad n good time.yes leaveurliveBigTime?
All these pathogens and cancer causing meats/processed foods......one day I will be a vegetarian.
I imagine hurricane Irene being a fat lady with really bad cankles, and varicose veins charging towards me in a moomoo.
remember back when i liked epitaph records and was really attracted to men in punk instead of loathing these things what was wrong with me
My dad was asking me what I thought about employers asking for FB passwords.
I struggled with explaining how I didn't believe it was real.
But let's be really he had to do that because his last one was so wack
Get on my level
Um, well I guess I know why now.
Its strange how things change, and the one person you're close to seems like the person you now know the least.
Swear every nigga think he can rap these days.
Shouts to those who are actually creative and actually make songs of quality.
TeamDazzy!
first day of TOPS soccer volunteering!
:D oneofmyfavoritethings yay!
Big congrats to 1st place and 3rd place in the SDBrewAwards.
Wish we could be there!
I have a DVD of The King's Speech you can borrow.
Wait....
is britney gonna be an xfactor judge or not?
You are selling yourself short!
Preach it, Peggy's Mom!
Seriously want to live the Will  Grace lifestyle.
Nice to see you too!
And nice to meet and
Just tool part in private Apple presentation with marketing director.
Que genial!
Unbeaten halves streak snapped at 14...
SportingKC trails 10 on Myers own goal
wassup, what school do u go to?
:
The Joe Sample Trio and Randy Crawford's Street Life is a swinging, hip shaking track.
What a way to start your morning and get you going.
Tonight wraps up week 2 of Wolf.
In other words, it's a cheap way to BYOB and get out of the rain for 2 hours.
7:30pm at The Think Tank.
the patriots!
Thanks, Audiewe think it's pretty good too.
How can you judge a person when you don't even know them?
Im hungry
And anotha one...
Thanks for following!
love, yoko IMAGINE PEACE: Think PEACE, Act PEACE, Spread PEACE IMAGINEPEACE.com Direct message sent by Yoko Ono
Omg chuck come on are you kidding me
S/O to being the first to spin new single Val Venis on
I need a manager.
I wanted a fieldwhich actually spoke to possibility rather than impossibilityand I found it in art.
Charles Esche
too bad there's no extra points for having a creative bracket name.
Mine is Kelvin Sampson's cell phone
I'm not so sure about that.
But fun to hear just the same.
:
He actually doesn't hate anything according to the Bible.
omg, popup video is coming back.
aaaaaaaaaaaaawwwwww yeeeeeaaaaaaaaaahhhhh!!!!!
Dani and Megan made me lose my appetite.
A little sore from a weekend of hostile environment training  but now I know how to escape artillery fire and navigate checkpoints...
are you treating both things??
I'm good!
Just sore from my workouts!
great show man!
Never had that fruit before!
Common in CA?
LMFAO ik it's funny when girls think they actually have a chance..let's get real here
hey man this coach took me out to eat for lunch and the place was called The Bear hahaha
Lol, do you really want to criticize the shameful acts of campaign workers?
Think abt it.
well that call to the irs was a brief one hour fortyone minutes.
only about 90 of the time spent on hold.
You think your awesome?
Well without the me in awesome your just aweso
OBL was watching Jersey Shore and fist pumping like a champ when the SEALs broke in?
Thought our cracked, buckled sidewalks were a problem and then I tried to push a stroller down them.
Need offroad wheels.
Follow back we have the roar acct
The music is getting better and better at the Muse Awards!
homemade meatballs for supper.
not like my grandma's though.
She took that recipe to the grace and I will forever be mad at her.
you're welcome and okay thanks 
Did the information about the NY meet and greet go up yet?
: I'd also love a follow from the one and only Mama Mahone 3
Actually was fairly painless once inside the About 15 mins.
The line outside was brutal though...now back to work!
Where is the words and music festival located?
Good Morning and happy new year.
did you get your pUSH book?
Thanks for the RT, Sheila!
Very pretty!
I think the Purple Faithful would give Spielman an A of this was the result RT : Kalil/Jeffery
Yep, got blasted during flag football and used my arm to brace my fall.
It's also my throwing arm, so it's probably sore.
IF she got nun but upper shoulders pics ..
she fatter than a motherfucka lol!!!
I have the squeegee bottle one.
I think it does help.
Course I always put salt in it for amoeba murder.
I'm dead tired.
off to rehearsal now.
Check out new photos and credits: www.imdb.me/alexmontaldo
Thanks for sharing it, Elan!
ac
We have a few used die cutters, blankers, and foil stampers available.
Email me if you're in the market .
RT Myspace.com/hazakimcamp for more info.
In 1980, a Las Vegas hospital suspended workers for betting on when patients would die.
Its 's birthday and he is mowing.
What is this.
I just finished a 1.00 mi run with a time of 16:01 with Nike GPS.
what do you propose?
videotaping yourself feeling bloated?
You know Jeremy Lin has made it because he has his own sports science
Lye: Reclaiming Woman Warrior, eg, as political rather than liberal practice:Fa Mulan as red guard.
I Hotel shout out.
This Saturday night get your laugh on with us at The Box!
10:30pm!
6 and there will be Tractor beer sold!
I love playing with Siri.
Love you all and the show.
on twitter , twitter is my life lol
So people need to HMU:
Super challenging class tonight with Goldie, but we loved every minute of it!
I got troubled thoughts  a self esteem to match

Howdy stranger!
How's life?
check out this site for a new ipad 2 free, no joke no bullshit, its real www.yourmotivated.com very cool site
same loll
Trying to control the chaos...
Aka cleaning my room
Amazon has more than 64000 books on weight loss and diets.
With all that information out there it's no wonder people are confused.
Check your dm.
Gave me a weird error and can't tell if it went through.
Stoked that I'm able to see the Beastie Boys inducted into the RnR Hall of Fame, on tv right now.
ATTN students!
If you're studying in CBC, pass by the lobby for free snacks and doctornks to keep you energized!
Good luck on those finals!
Keep it proper
happy mothers day!
Even though you aren't my mother I'm pretty sure that your an amazing mother!!
Love just doesn't exist okay?
Hahah
teens: did you ever go to a MLB game?
tea time !
Austin Taylor is cool she did a show with us in Detroit a couple different occasions...
Oh man, this game is brutal.
Lunch time Tip Your stomach doesnt have teeth.
Slow down, take your time, chew your food  enjoy it!
Come to !
I'll make you some delicious coffee and you can listen to jazz.
What better to do on a rainy day?
If the ELA interchange shuits down for a weekend will there be 4 flights tofrom El Mercado to La Mirada swap meet?
Yes the truck is still at Bedford n7th!
The Spurs beat the Blazers 12489 and clinched the No.
1 seed in the West.
tim Duncan and Danny Green had 18 points and Tony Parker had 13.
agreed!
Airtran owes me 10 hours in Vegas!
What plugins do you fellow producers use on your master channel??
Your not going to like everyone you see or hear!
But they all could use some respect!
3 its okay to forgive people :
First slush of the year!
Summer is coming!!
assuming you mean DP...
yup!
but we r dpdc.
Met a few of them, know some of PWs they've produced.
u a PW?
director?
in the biz?
I was on 10,000 Pyramid with Dick Clark in 1977.
True gentleman.
RIP.
:
I HATE BEING STARED AT!
thats my problem.
I don't like knowing people are looking at me.
that's right!
Hope you had a good 28th bday as well.
its2012whyyoustill wearing socks with sandals?!
Thank You 2 our Sponsors for 's InTheArtOfTheCity Event
hah no shit.
Where you at my boy?
I was actually hoping that once the Ferrari dealership started following you, you'd start tweeting about highend sports cars.
so what your saying is its like a Kardashian sister?
i'm gonna sleep forever ugh
Awesome!
RT It's 11PM and is baking brownies for the person who logged the most bugs
Hello Date.
wait when ray and his friend came over
okay , I will!
I'm glad my boyfriend called me out of no where.
seriously, it made my night.
I'm not the only one watching Monsters Inc right?
I love this movie
Prescription Assistance Program now available with no income guidelines, available at www.rx2you.com
cool bro
Earth Day today and 4/20 tomorrow..
Coincidence?
Happy Monday.
If you missed the ADDY Awards show on Saturday, and are wondering who the winners were, go to www.aafsanantonio.org/ADDYs
What apartment do you have?
64 of Americans canceled vacations last year, 1/3rd did it for workrelated reasons even though most felt in need of a vacation
3rd down play calls are suspect.
I tell way to much!
mass exit from the FBCD ihub board....
mod is shady.
nothing says efficient like announcing after FED RT : After Fed investigation, FL announces own investigation w Trayvon killing
ill buy doctornks and dinner.
I'm a huge fan.
Damn play smart  keep your head up
ima g u cnt tell me wat to do i tell u
Just watched last nights BoardwalkEmpire.
DAMN!
While I love Jimmy, it would have been like Christopher running The Sopranos.
Bad idea!
Screw them storage ppl!
They suk!
Lol!
BRB while i head down to the bathroom..
Yah ahahahha I just think its funny!!!
bahahh he is clueless
Congrats to for winning the Alumni Association Award at convocation tonight!
Glad I just made that decision
Ok.
I am following already.
There.
yes I was in the loose as a goose video like 
I have successfully customized my sweatshirt to take the place of pants.
It's pretty legit.

Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
Oh my god this picture I just found.
LMFAOOO CRIES
my main people don't want to take shots with me
i feel good.
I'll take a man, a band, and his piano over an SM exorcism any day
All of the manly rugged smell without breaking a single manicured nail.
How is going?
Did not hear back from you last night.
He is still Raw right now with The Timberwolves but he should be good though
How.do u get rid of a migrane...cause 2 aspirin arent doing it.
the fair starts this week!!!
love the arizona state fair !!!
:
hey how are u doing
I THINK YOU GOT THE WRONG PARTY BUDDY!
RT : I'm gonna break your fuckin' legs!
20 min.
powernap after nicar12  best thing ever.
Ready for some adventures St.
Louis, MO  show me!
Law describes the way things would work if men were angels
Join us for the Women's Faculty Council CME event today at noon and MCW Faculty Council Meeting this afternoon at 4 pm both events in H1210.
Good Morning Everyone.
I am on my 2nd cup of coffee.
haha.
that's tight.
I like boat shoes over sandals right now though.
Well be stylin in the MIA regardless
VST Instrument getting closer...
Final touches on Sound Dev tools this week.
Love you too gurl.
What other sport do you get to watch the F'in Aholes play Balls to the Face?!
..
Wait, don't answer that.
I've seen girls grow from the tender age of 19 to the young adult age of 22 becoming models, escorts, groupies, and baby mamas..
HIM: I really like u, do u like me?
: HER: No...
HIM: : HER: No..
I wish I was!
I've used up my conference/travel  for this year.
I'll tweet it anyway though, don't worry.
Loving the crowd at the Liberty Hotel tonight, as usual.
well guess what ill still love u no matter what u do
Working on my ninja video editing skillz...
Episode 2 is soon to come....
Will I miss writing these English papers one day?
This process allows EVERYONE to equally participate and reflect
Service was awesome!
Love your approach to hard issues.
You're welcome!
:
iPhoneography is a new genre of photography sez
do you know where this speech was given?
Yeah, the condom failed.
Ugh , Really ?
Oh, is it any good?
or like the same thing?
milwaukee The Milwaukee Home improvement show at the State Fair Grounds is Feb 9th12th!We will be there.
Tweet us for tix
RT Happy birthday thanks twin!!!
why are we doing ?
D: have you met montana ?
You seem to be arguing that 'critique' has to actually be biting, or angry or something to be recognized?
I use to wake up to the idea of marrage...
Now idk
Ugh Courtney is the worst
yeah me too i need to send my money in
Turiaf is balling doe
haha I was on a rampage just sitting at school watching people
in december doctornking horchata
Rain stopped, southern Adirondacks.
Noise of wind in trees impressive.
No power, whole town, night falling.
Generator at bar?
Irish coffee!
The only reason why people hold onto memories, is cause memories are the only things that dont change when everything else does.
thoughts on Cordy Glenn?
Miss NY would be lucky to get a gig on a Disney Cruise!
Graduation tomorrow might be a pretty emotional day
RT :  mcfaddens and real worl dc cast is here mike is cool
What to do today
Ugh I was creeped out..!!
why did I add that other quote mark
that's mean :
Love doesnt make the world go round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
Elizabeth Browning
why does my app keep saying google mobile app can't connect?
Thanks Dawn!
:
He's my goofy goober 3
Just be happy you actually get a return.
I have a stack of 1 return checks in my desk dating back to 2004 or later.
I am about to start making phone calls.
I prefer emailing to calling, but since I am helping out the contract office she prefers me to call.
Quarterbacks throw to who they're most comfortable and confident in.
Woo hoo!!RT : We will be there.
Will you?
RT : Only 3 months until BBQ Fest!!!!!!!
got a phone, Any numbers?
LOL!
Wow, you don't get it do you?
We are disdainful of ALA, not librarians or library people.
ALA is bloated  outdated.
Good times, new song is dope as shit!
kickin' it back with my dog
I wanna do it with paintt lol
what it is than QR Codes can take them right to the source of the information.
But most people know how to find listing deets.
Argh!
Anybody know that video clip where it shows how in music performance a 90 isn't good enough?
It's a band and they make 1 mistake...
10ThingsIWantToHappen for people to support their own ship and not insult others..
owait..
of course that won't ever happen.
Who is watching Heartless Bastards perform at High Noon Saloon tonight?
Starts at 9:30 p.m.
with Hacienda  Little Legend.
Off to bed night every one
RT : Need to submit an event to NorthernTourism.com?
Send event info to
the douche one is my fAv!
We could make a very long list indeed!
That printer looks like it could grow legs and move itself, it looks like a robot.
thanks hun!
Not exactly catching up on sleep yet cuz I've got so much work to do by tmisterAM!
Do u have whatsapp?
I'll fb msg u my 
nowplaying Chucho Valdes, Chucho's Steps from last year.
Nice album, but I could do without the white bread/softy version of Birdland.
ok but I hope WHEN you DO look you find someone worth it
Thanks for the love :
Keep your calendars open for April 7.
inherit Baton Rouge will be hosting a huge kickoff event that night.
Details to come soon.
Chi.
NetMarketing panel insights were interesting to learn.
Great to hear marketers' high regard of agency partners.
thats enough to make every Haitian family rich
: Someone please convince me that the Browns are trading back up into 2nd round.
I don't think they need to.
WRs falling.
Can you forward it my email?
I forgot to give you my email addoctorss.
Getting ready to teach Acting at NYFA in L.A.
for tweens and teens.
Cool programs on the back lot of Universal.
Goodnight beautiful angels 33
Should your dog control you on the walk hes the one in charge
I've been watching you're channel and you're an absolutely amazing dancer!
Please give me some lessons :p
Aw!!!
You definitely got yourself a good one!
3
Like us on Facebook!
Firehook Bakery uses only organic white flour, wheat germ, wheat bran, sea salt  water to make a great loaf w/a slight tang.
God please help me!
I don't wanna be depressed :
yeah city skewls kinda suck
we love your cat too lol :P
The bible is dependable; its reliable, and therefore it is trustworthy.
Open it!
IT IS USEFUL!
Most definitely.
Please stay tuned for my music as well!: Much love!3
thanks for RT Good to know there are folks that have working brains
WHATZ UP LYNCH
Explain to me why when some one is married their fans think that they should be w/ someone else?
Im having a bad day now forreal
manimal has doubledoubles for breakfast
WPA11 Carolyn CalhoonDillahunt: CC are getting squeezed by state budgets; forced to cut classes while enrollments are increasing.
UMWleads is doing it's own NCSL 21daychallengestarting today.
It has as many dimensions as there are ways of thinking.
The lesson: an unbending tree will break.
The world is NOT black/white.
Decent chance to 'see' snow, at least!
RT : You don't foresee any Snow coming to Cornelius arnd do you?
:o/ Sigh...
The Heat won
If you're a filmmaker at SXSW, dm me  I'll interview you for our blog and we can chat about creating episodic branded entertainment.
A man standing by the Wendy's doctorvethru just asked me if I had change and I said No.
Yeah, I was lying and he could tell
North Park pool?
South Park Wave Pool?
I wish he didnt hate me.
I just complimented my friend and she threatened to throw a desk at me....oh?
Imma let u in on a blackthing when White people who claim not to be racist say nigga when they mad are
Thanks, Tracy!
Happy weekend, y'all.
romney is playing into obama's hand, distracting him from the big issues: the
Yeah.
He's much more suave than I am.
I want to hear more abt science on a sphere exhibit design.
What would vis arts do w/ it?
Thanks : I'm trying lol.
true!
I understand!
Or a tv show
You continue to make our point for legislation.
Have you proposed any legislation?
Has Rand Paul proposed any?
Oh bummer.
I'm starting to shop for one.
If you don't love yourself just as you are  perceived faults  all  no one else will.
Rain rain go away come again another day okay?
I checked out your work!
Beautiful!
You are gifted and you captainre special moments magically.
Nice work!
I bet bob costas broadcasts solo because all the other nbc staff hates him.
My Tummy Hurts...
:/
when did the pressure leave Kansas?
VCU has nothing to lose...
It's funny when old people swear.
Just paid 8 electric bills  5 Gas bills fro some heimishe yiden that cant afford it.
If u know anyone that needsr help, contact usRetweet
RT : obsessed with my new SAND STORM lipgloss!!!!
It's been on my lips since the day I got it.
guys, harry is just subtly admitting his love for louis.
no big deal people, seriously.
i mean i completely saw it coming
Finally.
After sitting under the couch for more than a year, my leaded glass window is in for repair.
But just saying dat V im not saying that to start shit.
I just had to get that outta my system.
I love
Stiefel going of
Happy 100 years of to Statehood New Mexico.
We're still pushing for our turn here in the District of Columbia.
Oh how I have missed everyone.
RT : YELA party tonight :
Anyone have flooding pics to share this morning?
Please post!
We touch, I feel a rush.
We clutch, it isn't much but its enough to make me wonder what's in store for us.
A website that automatically plays music or needs to load is as outdated  terrible as slavery
Happy New Year!
2012 promises much more than '11.
We alrdy have a large  growing team of high quality patriots serving Southern Indiana!
The Zep?
Really?
Okay, okay...I'll try.
howthehellamigoingtocoverthis?
Thank you :
Excruciatingly close to launching our fundoctoriser campaign.
The anticipation is killing me!
Love ?
Love LevelUp?
Tell them what a great pair we'd be and shoot them a tweet!
Could go for some empanadas!
RT What are you favorite SuperBowl Snax?
mane where did you get your snapbacks from plz!!!
April is easily one of the top months of the year
back to you!
Keep fighting!
indeed a long strange trip.
Long live Chainsaw the Monkey!
too cover zits dab on a primer then use an opaque concealer tacky consistency in shade closest to your skin tone,apply with a brush then
Getting ready to go home and take care of business.
Got to get ready for my 3 day weekend.
mlament Rejection the IV: Included a long handwritten note!
Put by mistake in my colleague's mailbox, returned opened with a stickynote: :
And Lisa Lutz just rocks in general!
Great keynote speech last night at Authors on the Move!
I'm gonna do mine!
Come over.
u kno ima hold it down fa ya brutha, get ya rest fam n take it easy.
Cant have u leave jus yet ha
cmon on rain put me to sleep tonight
I got nutter butter bites and apple juice for giving blood today.
Wishing that I was going to Thunder Over Louisville tomorrow..
Let's all check in on the newly found Orioles fans in Sept when they've brought up all of A team and are 20 games out...SaveThisTweet!
CivilWar Camps under Hooker were Places no good man wanted to go, and no good woman could go.
GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL AMAZON/KINDLE 2.99
Never gave a fuck , nothing about me change.
Finally Editing my reel with Daron!
This better get me work!!!
I love how I can be my self around you 3 Your the love of my life :
you had me at 'newmans'
SouthBeachSavage  Im From Miami and do not Condone this type of behavior.
What is there to do in Vegas with no money and a limp dick?
I'm in a good mood:
When I find myself wanting the job, I let go and detach from the outcome.
When I detach, I am magical and invite in all possibilities.
I'm hungry
hi.
EVERYONE should follow because she's amazing and because I love her and because i'm procrastinating like a bitch.
yep 3
Oh, the cookies I've baked, the floors I've scrubbed on deadlines.
Done with 's recording session and headed back to Chicago with I hope we make it...this prop plane is tiny.
Today my nineyear old said It seems like half the email I get are pictures of cats.
My wife: Welcome to the internet.
I'm a lone wolf, Dottie.
A Rebel
Social media analytics provides better and cheaper way to measure PR value.
Harder to get rich data on newspaper article impact.
A lack of protein in our diet can slow growth, reduce muscle mass, lower immunity, and weaken the heart
now you sound like my parents.
:
I'd still pick Haddadi as most dominating ASEAN Center haha
I can't have sex without getting head
My bro happy ass lmao
Last night was crazy!
Our INTERMIXWEDS was packed and off the chain!
and were killin the 1's and 2's!
Alternative energy system providing power at N.C.
State Marine ...
Future big sale in the future!
With new snapbacks
Deleted out my life  NO RETURN 
Churchill to Roosevelt: A serious difference between us would break my heart and deeply injure our countries during this terrible struggle.
Goodnight ,I love you.;
Given the very nature of selfobsession, it's odd how selfobsessed people never seem to be aware they are selfobsessed.
Freedom to be free May 1st!
Supporter of nonviolence.
I'm making the change in me first.
I'm way too excited about this...
Do you see their faces when you fall asleep at night?
Smoke 'Em If You Got 'Em by Parkway doctorve.
When I'm 25 I'm gone really be Bossed up...Forreal
Butterflies R such beautiful fluttery creatures!!
I love seeing them at zoo  flying all around you.
It's pretty magical!!
I seriously just got phished!
Stacksandstacks coupon codes
wow.
already have 14 followers but none of them r Jasmine Villegas or Justin Bieber or the rest of his crew.
/:
Hi pple thnk I'm the same Emily Anderson writing 4 u.
Confusing since I write abt weddings too :/
LET'S ALL TAKE A MOMENT TO APPRECIATE WILL BECAUSE HE'S A FUCKING HERO FOR PUTTING HIS LIFE ON THE LINE.
lmaooo.
Does she still do that clicking noise with her nails?
best of luck tonight you were my pre 11/6 pick and i'm sure you can take this down.
Regards.
Alex
thanks: it's from homecoming!
Greetings Maddow fans!
Still bugging you from the east coast ;
Seriously, though, it's an insane workout.
We had an awesome time in East Lansing last night!!
Spartans sure know how to party!!!
Yeah!
Love a little Susie and BTrain in the afternoon!
could you send a person to assist me with our project...
Axiomity is creating an app to allocate taxes  vote.
Yeah, I suppose it comes down to the role of critical selfreflection in the creation of revolutionary consciousness.
I am game for any mini .
Surprise me
Imma Get Some SkittlesIceTea for Trayvon Martin with a hoodie
Off to do wedding work.
doctorss alterations, then cake tasting.
Follow Me?
Thanks :
Wasn't a Foster believer till I opened my eyes and really started watching his game.
The Pacers will miss u sir, congrats on a solid career!
Hey my friends and I want to hear you guys play I'm Not A Gangsta by !!!!
Kony 2012!
Watch itwork ur magic!
Follow Get involved Please
I seriously feel married...
SueAnn is bringing me something even though I told her not to.
Party last night was crazy but fun.
Thanks for letting us tag along with SBH :
watching tv.
U wanna join me?
It kills me how much a bad arrangement can ruin a good song!
And now, Brewers fans humbly request that Rickie Weeks go wake up a hand specialist.
Go Admirals!
Proud to be a fan!
Thanks for the follows!
is sucha cool kid.
If only I was worthy of being followed by him!
3 lololol.
I 3 JB!
Watwat!?!!!
hey brotha send me some of those screen shots!
i need to get them over to for the may 25th flyer
I just gift wrapped a coworkers birthday present to his wife because I enjoy wrapping presents THAT MUCH.
you are the definition of an awesome fan : where did you doctorve from??
I'm chilling watch my video new shite get with it or get lost to much holla back
great post Amy!
Oops.
Sorry.
Sent DM with my email to you.
Awww  I miss them so much right now
Members of TWU saying they have our back.
Crowd cheers loudly.
was tellin me who he worked for and affiliated wit and some tips in the game and about the showcase and who gonna be there etc
Dark Shadows.
aye, aint no girl with tar toes puttin her feet in my bed.
just get her a pair of Saucony's..
only one pair though.
: There are sides to Gemini that even surprise them!
Like their razor tongue that comes out of nowhere.
The discomfort in your life shouldn't be blamed on others if you're the one letting them get to you.
oh I will young pup
sorry dean.
kinda late for that!:/3 just dm me when they work.
don't feel like tweetin anymore.
Schroeder hits a liner CAUGHT at third by Presley.
But the Brewers score FIVE to take a 64 lead in the 9th!
Here comes Plesac!
damn!
The next guy better not cheat if she ever gets one after this happened
D: Hang on, I'll do it in like 5 minutes.
Doing that for that long, knocks the wind out of my ass.
xD
lol...
where in Florida??
Today would be a good day to go to a park.
I wish I had a car 
2 classes of the semester left, and of course I have a quiz in one.
Last day of downtownemployeeappreciationwk festivities!
Join us at 12pm in Red Arrow for free Cousins subs, ice cream  oranges from KEI.
congrats!
: Congratulations to the new President of the board!
Any Information Architects looking for a job?
Ping me.
go cheer for the eagles or browns
The most amazing comeback in Blazers history.
Forgive my skepticism.
i am now a believer.
I know!
Unfortunately it just tasted like regular popcorn.
Highly deceptive.
Sitting at work.......
whoa!!!
look at all the fun!
san francisco 49ers
Goes to raid the refrigerator while the humans are away...
Organizing actor schedules for Specimen photo shoot.
Picking up set pieces and props this weekend.
Exciting!
S/O to the team FWM and the supporters also big mothafuckin shout out to the haters we love yall ya
Real talk: if service was any less reliable this week, they'd be called Comcast.
always here  loveyou!
It's hot outside but im coolin it
happy Easter to you as well!
A fine spring day there?
is an ugly bitch
We need to build individual identity for every college/university.
Generic universities/colleges aren't attractive to students
Say it IS so, Braunie!
Well obviously Cadillac and Buick I don't consider Chevy luxury
dude my phone is so bad.
I'll deal with the iphone 4s.
Haha
thoughts on the cause of the bee swarm on 4th?
convinced they were African bees making way into TX.
Going to Rock of Ages on Broadway tonight to see the crazytalented Joey Calveri and Emily Williams.
Total
Like TLC Waterfalls, I can listen to that anyday
Great Oatmeal Flats for breakfast and delicious deli salads for dinner!
:
The second you're nice to a guy they think it means you want them.
Well I don't.
At all.
Not even close.
That we were, it's solved now.
Thanks for the heads up!
Yep but I took today of haha, so now I can do whatever I want muahahaha haha :D what movies do you suggest I watch?
one of my fav things to talk about, anytime:
in my experience Christies hours are whenever the hell we feel like to sometime later than that
Can't wait for the NY contingent of to arrive tomorrow!
Tacos and frozen yogurt for dinner?
I like the way you think!
well said damn iPad
Why are the majority of pic's we take of ourselves are in the bathroom??
It's getting better each day.
Jus gotta keep the head up
here's your one chance, fancy.
Happy Earth Day!
yes please share.
I'm too curious now!!!
: You look like shit...is that the style now......?I'm so using this one!
:
ripping new Parts  Labor album
Should your witness answer to the camera during a video deposition?
Answer: NEVER.
It is not a TV interview and it looks ridiculous.
I Hate being in this class with this stupid woman..
Ugh
aw happy anniversary, you two adorable squirrels you!
One good thing about music, when it hits...YOU FEEL OKAY!!!
do u pronounce your H's??
:D
will be at the Newt Gingrich protest in lieu of office hours.
Catch me on Copley Lawn or arrange a meeting time if you want to chat.
we only report the truthEKT.
I thoroughly enjoyed it.
:
RT : World peace was suspended way b4 World Peace got suspended.
ugh no.
I'm over you.
Talk to your partner.
Tell each other what feels good.
Share fantasies and ideas.
Great start to the morning with Roxy Devine giving me style tips for the Brisbane weather!
No PVC corsets!.
miss you love you baby!
Have fun in Florida without me 
that's right a true friend will always be truthful and honest with you
Facebook is like jail, you sit around and waste time, write on walls, and get poked by people you don't know
Just wondering : Also, congrats on the end of your tenure!
Although I'm sure it's also bittersweet.
Awww, thank you!
:
the police told us 'He took the money 'yes' but he didn't get away with it, so there was no crime committed'
Sounds like Mel Brooks' standup philosopher RT: Comedians are philosophers using laughter as their trojan horse
Poll: do you prefer HootSuite or Tweetdeck 1.
HootSuite 2.
Tweetdeck.
Reply to this tweet with the option number
Looks like the rain will keep us away from route today.
Almost time to leave event.
Thanks to big tent it was very successful !
Lighting bath is crucial ALWAYS layer the lighting, TASK, AMBIENT, ACCENT, and DECORATIVE gives function  creates scene.
It will look great
Someday we hope you'll do an article on the amazing birding in McDowell Co.
WV.
Birds R Us!

beholdeth God with his merciful ighe; bot that that thou woldest be.
will you be my shabeen queen?
: That awkward moment when Tupac's ghost performs at Coachella and everyone assumes it's a 'hologram.' LOL this killed me
Bitchy anyone are just as annoying
Im stubborn 4 a reason....
Ha, beer o'clock.
RT It needs to be beer O' clock on Friday right now.
Hey doll!
Kimmy J, Conrad, Julie  the gang say hello!
:
That climbing up the butt stuff was a joke btw :p
Got my hopes up for a sec
Training is vital to upgrading Office.
Email professorles are potentially a technical bug.
Doing whatever a can too get to follow mehh , cause im kool like that :d3
To see immediate evidence of how Romney and the GOP's ideas will work on the US economy look at what austerity is doing to Europe.
Super busy couple weeks and I'm gettin really professorcient in projection mapping!
'You just need to learn.
You need to be yelled at every once in awhile.' Your excuse every time.
:/
no, but its very Gogol ballstastic!
All presentations done.
Amazing stuff from all teams with some true goosebump moments.
I think I was a cat in my past life.
Damn I'm just weird
It was magnificent, said Debbie doctorke, a retired international television show exercise trainer.
10 off coupon code SHENYUNFANS
do you remember your first alcoholic beverage ?
mine is a heineken
So the Orioles are history?
I hope
fish grits and a swisher sweet :
is watching the Presidential motorcade and the live feed of Obama speaking right here on campus!
O lord,its gonna be one of those days...silly ass mofo's in this house..folks got the jokey jokes going already
no officer iys hi how are you?
I knew virtually no classical music upon entering college as a pop pianist.
Softball is so much louder than baseball.
Thank you!
Have a great day!
Check my Passions by K Facebook page!
: Alright alright alright you gone learn today!
We do not see things as they are, we see them as we are.
DD and Peta are SAFE again this week.
on DWTS WOO HOO
BullS you are 30...
Well happy early Bday anyway.
they are not calling ANYTHING inside Gaddy getting abused and no call.
not that it matters...
Loved the Bob Marley documentary....one good thing about music, when it hits you feel no paaaaaiiiin.
Thanks for checking in on Foursquare this past weekend!
I hope you enjoyed your stay!
U hate me now but I won't stop now cause I can't stop now u can hate me now!
I think is part of TeamBringIt!
you are certainly welcome  Stay warm up there!
Somehow I find myself back at the library.
Read, write, and repeat.
That's terrible!
With places like Joe squared and Matthews, I have high standards.
Yeah, Scott Arniel was a great PP coach Remember when our power play was good?
no doubt.
would love to send over a few questions for you if you had a minute.
mad respect for what you do from over here, homie.
yeah, there arent many options for that class
Neko Case  This Tornado Loves You  07:35 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Don't catch feelings for me....
Cause ima step out the way and let that shit hit the floor.
Fuck yo fake ass feelings
just curious, but why?
coys!
as would say, tottenham till i die
or just 3G perhaps
I am listening to Lambchop on and can't believe I've never gotten into them before.
Jeez.
Oversight thankfully corrected.
Your friends accomplishments are your accomplishments.
Congrats : go ball it up baby, an make me proud!
The sun is right behind the stop lights
Been lying to myself for some time now...
Accept it.
At earth day celebration in white river state park.
Learning a lot.
Come see the electric cars made in Indiana.
Luke Perry is bad ass and mad hott.
it's healthy cos i need a teen doctorma fix.
We go through storm whether the pain I'm always right here They can tear down the walls break down and cry I'm always right here
is that a gift for ?
Thank for all the birthday tweets!
I'm more of a vodka mix doctornk Gatorade bottle stuffed in my compression shorts.
One of these Sunday's casino champagne  game
Waiter by day, bouncer by night...
RnBThrowBacks Color Me Bad  Mi Amor
I'm being all Army strong but my facade is cracking.
Help!!!
Heading out early for the holiday weekend!
Be safe and enjoy the BBQs!
lol!
I love all your symbols.
But love u more :.
Mwaaahhh!!
good content makes it worthwhile.
Thank you
oh no!
I've been there and it sucks.
A protein treatment brought back a lot of the curl tho, have you tried that?
last day on campus today.
Thankfully, I somehow managed to schedule all of my meetings with top tier students.
A good way to go out.
Some females will just always b ratchet as bitches
Get your tickets for the WWE: SmackDown tomorrow at the Bank Of Oklahoma Center.
For tickets, call us now: 8884930004
haha why people think the ur fish is dead .??
Nevada, Arizona, and Utah in 3 hours
too bad places with more money can buy better players and win all the time..
yay dynasties, yay capitalism
just got your album!I love Better Than That and Back On The Ground!May god bless you.
Sorry pete.
But to rub it in geoff I liked the idea of old school Mexican....
thoughts
Today is one of those really boring days
FF The 100 twitter fan funded film
Idaho infant dies from whooping cough amid regional outbreak
I feel so close to youu right noww..
IT'S LIKE A FORCE FIELD Hope you're having fun in Palm Springs honey boo boo chyyld
Damn u beat me to it!
: I'm bout to start tellin bitches You're free to go
Hey girl.
You still working at VS?
coughing like mad after working out.
i knew the gym was a bad idea!
I love you but I can't tell you...
I wish you were mine and I was yours and if you love me back tell me.
I won't tell anyone :
Don't get ready for the next moment.
Can't wait to see on punk'd :
If you say that Lebron sucks then you clearly dont know a thing about basketball LBJ 37points.
Clutch in the 4th quarter
Busy summer ahead of me and I'm stoked stoked stoked.
I'm down!
Although you're much too young to be my mother!
You can be my adopted sister!
I hate being the only one sober at the party!
bang my shit!
Destroyers score another TD make it 140 with 14 minutes left I.
The 2nd quarter
We are happy to hear it, Lisa!
Teachers are a special kind of people and we love them just as much as our users do.
Ppl in the hood clearly aren't trying to feed me it's all good
My baby is going to be tinysociety get over it!
today just hasn't been my day 
SuperArtFight care bear Dalek exterminate bear?
Playoff Basketball  Playoff Hockey
You're on your own with Promise Ring.
:
Hey, is BGFBP still alive?
Countries don't want the SecretaryGeneral to have a rapid response force because he might use it.
Wolfgang
I've been working on my book for about 3 years now.
Haven't been wanting to write for some time, but just started again.
Feels great!
ha!
those are my comfortable shoes!!
TheVanimal was vicious tonight!
Our staff watched HungerGames last night saw beautiful examples of PreemptiveLove!
Have you seen it?
What did you think?
The app on my phone, says I have 913 Days left.
I also have an app on my Google Home Page.
im sorry but R5 seems a lil too into this whole fame thing..i mean , theyre being introduced as 'R5 featuring Ross Lynch'
Why in the freakin' freak did I allow myself to get involved in this Thursday night Black Friday madness?
I know better!
That's great!
Thanks!
I'm off tomorrow.
Come through
Thanks!
This was definitely a case of write what you know  the last few weeks have been a little desperate!
:D
Kind of like how we yell ZEUS
Its time to check the candy from last night
If the Cardinals make the playoffs, I am going to be so pissed!
I had a flicker of a vision that they had learned from their mistakes...
HA!
okay:D thank you sister.!!!.:
im excited to but scared lol.
Caffeine Awareness Fact  22  Caffeine is a diuretic, that's why you have to pee so much!
Thanks for the shout out!
you're always invited!
Extremely cute
Just got invited to maimi on wednesday.....wmc?
I can't miss it....decisions decisions!
I love : he's my bestfriend!!!!
Upset...
again.
WORDZ OF WISDOM....IF YOU'VE CALLED HIM BACK SEVERAL TIMEZ AFTER GIVING HIM THE A...FACE IT GIRL
Everything worth doing is worth doing twice
My iPhone autocorrects pets to PETA.
Evidently more than one is animal cruelty.
omg I made your name....honored
lmfao this explains exactly how i feel!
omg im scared of not getting tickets.
i will legit die loll.
its funny cause that wasn't even close to the answer!
honestly, i've never been checked...just like having it.
Right thing and all.
Thanks for the heads up!
Thank you for sharing your blog.
Thank you  your son for his service.
I'm a Navy brat  wife Freedom is not free.
If I could live with the Dowager Countess, I think I could always be happy.
Anyone who knew Margie Westrom knows they were peas in a pod.
Slightly late, but: U!
C!
O!
N!
N!
UConn!
UConn!
UConn!
it was real hard at first, but I'm eating better now  can see results in everything but that stupid scale number.
Forgetting my hair tools while traveling has been more alarming than the time I forgot my underwear...
girlproblems tweetTMI?
Thanks!
So glad it's done.
:
Alpaca carpaccio is also good to eat in Peru.
Excited about making 's carrot ginger soup tonight from
Thank you.
Wishing you the best, my friend.
Up early  time to work!
Ha, I was wondering the same.
re: Who has more influence over how people think about gay marriage  President Obama or JayZ?
I'm certain that once the terrorists find out about Saddle Ranch, they're going to attack L.A.
Thanks for the RT!
Have a good weekend.
FIFA WorldCup Monday morning!
Portugal v North Korea 04:30 am Chile v Switzerland 07:00 am Spain v Honduras Kickoff 11:30 am
Get out of the rain and come inside the VAC for today's Lunch Break film, Slacker!
We have juice boxes too.
werd!
RT : there's always room for cheese curds :
Weekends, good times, etc.
thanks for the retweet love last night yo!
let us know when you come to PDX, we wanna rock out!!!
just when I thought couldn't get any cooler..
For a couple of double takes I swore my check in clerk was Insane.
Wendall and Karen, going home with 200,000 each!
That's for changing these two people's lives!
was looking forward to chopping it up with a certain person today but our schedules always clash.
mom said if its meant to be it will be..
Being inspired at !...So many great ideas.
It all begins somewhere.
Definately gonna have to start playing twitter bingo.
Items playable are gay quotes/cliches, irrelevant sports,poor jokes, and the word YOLO
Radio host buys site of burned Southern Indiana music hall
If I write a book and sell it to a publisher for millions I would pay 15 in tax If I write a book and get paid a salary I would pay 35 tax
kinda nice when you believe again that your thesis is actually viable!
Gone with the wind!
off to the Childoctorn's Museum for Live 7.
An exhibit of Legos.
listening to PRETTY GIRL SHAKE IT BY THEMPRANGERS :
well u have never done nothing to me so im sure :
Gay men don't get fat
Cinco de Mayo, let's do tequilla tonight.
But let's try not to pass out in the bar bathroom stall again this year.
So embarrassing
I'm a gun!
so fucking excited to see what you guys are rehearsing!!!
It doesn't even feel like a Friday...
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms out there.
Good Night Tweople....
Try as you will, you cannot annihilate that eternal relic of the human heart, love.
Victor Hugo
Thank goodness on the sun update.
Best of luck today!...AND LOVE professorle pic!
CAF athlete Ezra wishes u luck as well!
Missing Colorado right now.
Lmao okay x
Was Garnett given a technical for hanging on the rim like a damn fool?
He should have.
I can't catch up to your avi changes
Tonight I get to lead a great trio at the Tap Room at the Langham Hotel in Pasadena.
Hamilton Price, Dan Schnelle and I hope to see you!
7pm
Bless you
I am their inspiration.
LET THE doctorNKING COMMENCE!
I got a tiny tower because of and im OBSESSED.
My mama has horrible memory, she get stories all mixed up.
Knee to the crotch...that's gotta sting.
PROSTEST AGAINST THE SCHOOLS FOR TORI THEY NEED TO DO MORE
oh it's really tough when they have to take cars overnight so they'll pass inspection
wine allowed, of course.
I USED to play kickball.
Couldn't deal with the sissy bunting and awful officiating.
Does the IRS have a Facebook page?
I am 's bitch, and always will be.
;
Finally putting together our April MustSee Painting shows post together.
Should be in time for the weekend...
Any suggestions on Project X?
So glad to meet you last night at the party!
really knows how to throw a great event!
I think just enjoy sounds very wise applies to, literally, everything!!
Enjoyed reading job and side hustle are well : xx
HA!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
Hahahaa!
SaySomethin was amazing!
Im soo proud of how far you have came,: i love you3
thanks for the RT and posting my event, you are awesome, hope to see you soon!
have a great aloha Friday!
Be better than me to the homies that I influence.
Hm soo 2maa I'ma just do wtf I wanna do after school.
SheSaidSheLoveMe .
.
.
WHATEVER THAT IS!!!!
Oink ima cow!
She was the gal that had the vote for best looking fella on twitter that one night.
lol u ignored Alex but answerd Robert haha wow
The entire cast of Mean Girls could take a faster shower than my roommate
yea...my phone died last night and I just woke up!
haha
That's what they al say...
eye roll
maroon 5...is good.
Was impressed by Colorado in the Pac12 tourney but wow didn't expect this.
Thought UNLV would run over them marchmadness BringBackTark!
Sometimes the ride is more fun than the destination.
I have doctorams allatime that my doctorads unwind themselves.
I wonder what it means.
Companies to Follow
: This is my worship, this is my life, to bring hope into this broken world.
But let me tell them something about it, and they tell me I'm overreacting.
Figures.
They never bother to think how I feel.
EastCoastMustHaves OldBay on my salad?
Sure, why not...
thank oyu for following us, nice website!
oh stop it.
You're making me blush.
Guess you're right, there's so much to look forward to....
;
My friend who just went
Lol, I need it back!
: The darkest fear of Southern Californians becomes my reality tomorrow.
I'll be picking someone up from LAX.
suck my dick
Follow My Girl She Do Follow Back...
So start Pressing the button FOLLOW Now
Cutting footage from 057 tonight!
A1: Basic levels of healthIT data exchange are vital for the long term financial success of an ACO.
Always happy to promote such talent!
: Great work!
What do you think is a fair charge for delivery?
I checked up on the competition yesterday and was wondering your point of view.
Shoot after seeing that i can't wait 4 G.I.
Joe 2 to come out.
woke and toked
Change out of that skirt, Jason.
RT I was disappointed in 's coverage...Didn't even mention me in the headline.
Are you going to see our friend PatBenatar?
Sunday morning cardio  its my place of worship.
Bevs is quiet at 6am :
Haven't been on here in soo long.
Oleanna continues at Lincoln Hall tonight at 7:30.
If you can't make it there's also a Sunday matinee at 2pm!
General Admission tickets 6
Volatility and Correlation: The Perfect Hedger and the Fox
Glenwood purchased the note at a BIG discount, which makes the fundamentals of the site work for a rental building, terrific buy
what happened?
When you've got it, spend it.
When you don't got it, spend it like you've got it...
one more tweet till 2,900!
wonder what thats gonna be !x
MT zimmerman is back in news.Do blacks folks still care or are busy talking about Obamas gay marriage approval?
it blows don't it.
Just don't want another pre Oklahoma thing.
live it up brother...
RT Massive sickin planned around US Nov 2nd in solidarity w/ occupyoakland the
killing 's Mean on Nice.
Love his voice!
U welcome
Cheering my lil brother on in his track events at the Cardinal Park Track and Soccer Field in Louisville, KY
my little buddy graduates preschool today!
Hey still good news for Pens Fans....we aren't from philly.
My moather cleans moats!
Great posts!!
Thank you!
Four Days into the New Year!
How's it going?
We're Great!
Tune in to WYPR's Maryland Morning tomorrow, when Tom Hall will interview Susan McCully about UMBC's Grrl Parts theatre festival!
I never cared about the Rock The Bells festival.
Ever.
Just being honest.
Justin Biebers boyfriend video is so sexxi!!!!
Peroxide plus Hot Topic's Pimpin' Purple.
Yes, I'm 26 and still shop there.
But every time the sun hits it, I smile!
Go la kings!
Don't we're avs fans here but that means we have to hate on the canuckleheads
What's the puppy bowl?
If all you wavers in the audience could see how silly you look

the person above fooled around with bieber
Greetings from semiup north!
Heading to 's graduation.
Congrats!!!!
There was an accident on the inbound roadway.
Our crews are working quickly to clear the roadway once again.
This game is over cats got it in the bag
What good books would you recommend for me
Cash Mob and discounts doesn't seem like the best idea to me.
Are we Cash Mobs or Groupon?
People will pay full price to support locals.
OMG I WANT!!!
RT My breakfast heaven!
Thanks for letting us know !
Happy 2 years on twitter to us!
RT: Today 2 years on Twitter:
why are u lying to the childoctorn?!?!
No behaving!
RT : Ok DC.
I'm as surprised as u that I'm back.
But if u behave, so will I ;
hot damn chucky im coming im coming!
You are an inspiration and our rolemodels.
What you do is amazing.
We hope to have impact like you in the future.
In the world of cyberspace, what is moving and shaking right now?
Yes u can't wait!
I will use my phone to find info whether or not it's sanctioned by u, but please don't call us childoctorn
Alliant Energy's Patricia Kampling will be one of only a handful of women in the U.S.
to lead an investorowned utility....
Napoli just haven't looked like themselves.
Bumpin songs that was fire back in 8th grade!
Lol
No squares in my circle
is currently observing some major midclass prostitute dealing at the Burger Palace.
Can't go to SAA this year, but wld happily be involved in planning something like this for next.
Anyone else?
Happy birthday dog champman
RT taiga7 kicks off with great keynote by
Do you have a favorite bible verse?
truth  RT : Debra Messing.
You are flawless.

Welcome Nik!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
For long presentations, I use a switch to alternate between slides on laptop and apps on iPad.
Who doesn't love the thrill of film noir?
Come see how current film producers are creating it now.
Thurs., 7 pm, FREE.
My loveslave , can you tell that I deserve SB46 tix?
I am your biggest fan...also we need to have dinner again soon!
you're a wealth of information.
WFFConf12.
Sally Hogshead survey are you more Fascinating than the average person?
Only 30 percent said yes!
that's it?
You were on a roll keep the rant going.
I GOT THERE BEFORE YOU!!
Lol
I know right!
Bahahaah.
Hey, so bored
Fridays will be the place to be in Santa Monica!
so stressful!!
True my little marathon runner, it's not that simple for girls; but it's definitely true for guys.
nomorebull soon as I get the chance I'm movin so far away from u hateful mothafuckaz, wheres the love?
Come say hi today!
Rode my bike in today.
It's beautiful outside!
Schoolwork sucks!
good job for not including his hash tag all that sharing and rt is just adding fuel to his fire
hey rookie sensation should be starting, fields couldn't hit the side of a barn!!
I just died.
That person should be slapped silly for even using pink italics.
Listenin 2 more good music  wonderin how has only 2361 followers when he's got 2 awesome songs on the radio right now?
We should've known that nothing lasts forever
If only....
I repeat if only...
Lol..
Sorry but your not!
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Don't know who said it, but I am all about that.
Brewers are flashing leather tonight!
Will be working on the actual plan over Thanksgiving.
Will share when complete.
Well would ya look at the time.
It's already beer o'clock!
is finishing up with the JAZZ FEST and ready for a weekend of ARTS...
WE are in preproduction for the series OFFICIALLY!!!!!!!
Come into the tasting room and mention Twitter Sale and get 20 off your purchase.
Today Only!
Open 126pm.
Happy New Year!
Back to the Harley for you!
My life has become a boring pop song, and everyone's singing along.
Hearing more and more about Matt Flynn, the contract he signed and the opportunity at hand makes me feel excellent about 2012.
we get that with Time and it is awesome.
For 2 a copy, a magazine would be an impulse buy.
57, I need to think about.
I am so tired I'm not staying awake this period.
I just can't do it.
Cooking note: Next time don't make the hummus so garlicky can smell it as soon as you get into the car.
So if a teacher doesn't pass you, you can't graduate?
what are you doing tonight?
PS I thought I went home last night but just found out I had an entire blackout experience downtown
I'm not selfish.
Actually, I always put others before myself.
But I should stop because people take fucking advantage.
SO happy for the Kings win!!!
Seriously, they are unstoppable.
YES!
Saturdayridiculous!
RT 3Miami pretty stoked to see
UGHH.
My sister wont let me come baby sit with her.
:
Holyy shit!
Bro did you see that dude on americas got talent hooking he's eyes on the coffee thingy
Listening to 5th podcast about yeast in 2 days.
OMG I'm trying to find my BFF but when i type in any name it just says they dont have anyone by that name but they told me to use that name
thanks for 4 great yrs!!
so I guess ill come with dad tomar to help u...u better have or do some special for me since u won't be here on my bday
1ForTheRoad Trivia every Wed.
at 7PM, featuring DJ Chowdah.
shall we go soon?
Thank you!
RT : is the Communicator of the Week!
We think you are awesome.
and !
Great :D our singer is out of commision for like 2 weeks cuz his wisdom teeth but once he gets ok we will record 3 more songs :D
If I married someone and they died right now I'd be a white widow blazin white widow lol
Rythym X was amazing at WGI on Saturday; plus, Vic Firth signed my stockpad at the expo!
At the Copyright Office for DMCA anticircumvention hearings.
I think all of those that have doubts or worries about how great is going to be should stop worrying right now The game lives up to the hype
sigh Wonder if know I still put her down as a reference when applying to jobs
Ran our school's TURKEY TROT early 2day got 2nd place for girls !!!!!!
:
Did you save me any tho?
so many feelings : my feelings are dead ggfhfdtt boys are the dumbest
A word to the wise ain't necessary  it's the stupid ones that need the advice.
Bill Cosby
im good, thanks!
how about you?
:
Just cause you call yourself a photographer, that doesnt mean you ARE a photographer.
t jones calm yourself...
Who wants to play Let's Answer a MillionBillion Questions?
Chase Hacketts stash is awesome
1.
I can be extremely graceful under pressure
just tell her she just earned those points ;
Dear Librarians, I can't believe I'm yelling at you for this, but for the love of PETE, BE SPECIFIC when naming your docs!
Kindest regards..
I like this!
RT : Just might go down as my favorite beer.
did a fine job with this one.
doctornking a Sofie 
Getting Whataburger!
Finally I know what and say when they say it's amazing!:
RT Q4: Should the bridesmaids have a say when it comes to the doctorss style?
I want to know my real name 
Agfa hikes price May 3, 2011  Agfa HealthCare has announced an increase in the price of medical film due to rising silver costs.
The tweet from the Phx Zoo about its merger with DBG is absurd.
Why?
It's April 1st!
The Zoo responded to my inquiry with a smiley face.
Oy.
Happy New Year!
Attending OAH2012?
Stop by Booth 323 to enter a doctorwing for a free iPad.
83 degrees out!
Man alive.
Just found out an iPad responds to the touch of a banana peel.
I'm here for all your IT needs.
Beran WolfeYou will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of .
I can tell he hates me.
..
Nice to see the grumpy old man quota was recently filled on Twitter.
Welcome
If you'd like to be added to our automotive or green lists, let us know.
It's hard to catch everyone.
Thanks.
You can get away with not doing it for a while, as long as you have reached a certain standard of fitness
ugh can't believe it's been one year : rip derek boogaard
Among rotation to prep for the big game: Glitter Kicks, Danger Bob, Butterglory, Cher UK, Creature Comforts, TV Fifty, and The Anniversary.
What does that mean?!
It has beenhard at times, but great.
And I love my schoolI'm glad we get to share our PhD journeys together from afar!
SCOOP: The NOMINEES for Fusion ArtWorks!
Gwinnett Inaugural Awards have been released Fusion2012 on.fb.me/xNxbsy
lol im gonna miss you too !!!!
RT : I feel the denial of gay marriage sends a prejudice message.
Our youth deserve a fairhopeful future with government that...
Tramontana back with the packers.....Tramontana......yea, Ahhhmm, we're not doing that anymore.
No school Friday so we have a 3 day week!!!
Rest of the day off : and it only noon lol
That was great!
CONGRATS ON BREAKING THE INTERNET!!!!!
bring me elote now or consider this friendship over.
I want two cobs so I can hold one in each hand.
text me.
Time for TA
Samoa Donut?
RT : Tired.
Wet.
Time to refuel at
there is no try, i do or do not do
I think I just fell in Love...: I'll make you dinner and roll your blunts.
How does Live Binders compare to Google sites or docs?
Better?
Worse?
where I don't see him following u
haha he'll be at next year's formal
Ik we getting our ass spanked but fuk it lakers all m'f day
: When life throws you lemons throw um back at the first fat person you see thats so mean
In da tub with 's really cool golden wonder ballistic!!!
Watched Green Lantern for the first time last night.
Is it me or did it feel like The Mask?
Happiness is as a butterfly, which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.

When MVick is hit, does he get same penalty treatment as Rodgers  Brady?No, they look at him as a RB I think,takes beating
Thanks for RT'ing my single!
:
Hi Jessica!
Thanks for the follow :
I can't believe Demi is turning 20 this year.
I'm so proud of her, she's just uhmazing!
You are wonderful.
:
My mommy held me in her tummy for
Combing Conan is funny
A person doesn't know how much he has to be thankful for until he has to pay taxes on it.
Author Unknown
We bought our tickets, how about you?
RT : Retweet if you've gotten your BrewCityStompDown tickets.
Never Insult Austin In Front Of A Mahomie Or You'll Die !
Lol Siemens.....
Why Would You Name Your Company That?!
RomCon All violaters shall be held in stasis by the Peackeepers until the time of their trial.
Pick your nose in your car while stuck in bumper to bumper traffic..
the 2011 offseason reminds me of the 2000 offseason.
Too much spending
i just started catching up on it!
they just finished downloading!!
and also do u watch Once Upon a Time??
Anyone at UMBC owe library fines?
now accepts credit card payments!
Pick up a form at the circulation desk on the 1st floor.
i like ur professorle pic is it u??
i am.
got in Monday night.
At a conference at the Crowne Plaza.
:
O my god Becky look at her butt tushi
Enjoying Fairly Odd Parents.
thanks for the waving lesson last night ; ur the best
Hope you're having a happy birthday!!
The will to do springs from the knowledge that we can do.
James Allen
Andoctor Goodman with a pick six.....
your everything 
I think I speak for most of the people in the senate on this one when I say What an Asshole!!!!
Are you a Leap Year Baby?
Stop into for a free cupcake of your choice!!
Special little baby!!
's voice brings the biggest smile to my face!I love him3Love me Chris Mann!:
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
Winston Churchill
Power 98.3 is the worst radio station out here...
djs suck ass too
Which Bar?
BROKEN GLASS TRIVIA NIGHT at Poco  Thursday 9/1  8PM  5 a team  Theme: Politicomedy  where affairs of the state meet entertainment.
If I'm the Bills these are my first 3 picks.
1st Round: L.
Kuechly, LB 2nd Round: Trumaine Johnson, CB 3rd Round: A.J.
Jenkins, WR
Having a convo w  oomf , till I go to sleep : Goodnight .
sweet doctorams;
i hear ya.
most r ashamed to me seen with me i think.
idk.
then one says that they cant bear to c me in so much pain.
Fucking WORLD Tour.
Son.
I'm So Proud.
xoxo
I hope you'll enjoy your new ocarina.
Thank you Tracy!
when life gives you lemons make lemonade.dont waste what you've been given 'cause it might all dissappear one day
RT : Have run out of paper!
Literally doing the final illustrations for OY3 on scrap I pulled from a hotel recycling bin!
But...
Everything works itself out
CDC doing a good job explaining how vaccines are developed and recommended
please no more shoes lol : Well I've always fantasized about shopping spree.
now that I'm getting one idk what the eff to get!!
yoga and sushi.
such a good idea, !
thanks for following the malcolmx blog!
i hope you can make it out to one of the malcolmisterlated events in the next 2 months.
: A fan is a fan, who cares what age or gender you are.
AMEN to this
I'm accepted in the Beloved.
Watauga, Wake and Orange were already the some of the best places to be in NC
just stop and take a deep breath.
Now go break into someone's house and steal they wifi.
P.s.
New equipment arrived.
DVR, 540TVL bullet cams, thermometer, cables.
Laser grid on the way.
Investigation soon w new equip!
Sorry: I'm having a Grrrrrrr!
Moment.
Just posted some Really Pithy Political Stuff on my FB page.
I'm an Angry Grrrl!
LOL
Smoke a little grass, make a lot of music.
Smoke a little grass, make a lot of music.
Smoke a little grass, make a lot of music.
That being said, off we go on a road trip!
IL  WI
hope my sis like the 2 shot glasses i gave her!
Yes it is RT silence is an after fact of bullying that is an invisible wound.
ThingsICantLiveWithout beer, bitches, bacon and doughnuts
Do u talk to your young kids about the suggestive commercials during superbowl.
you're a horrible communicator.
Flight prices defy logic.
: Wow FLOTUS!
scandal She is an evil, evil woman it appears.
Did the RT.
Where in SanDiego are you located?
Looking forward to going to a show!
Heard Zou Bisou Bisou on the way back from lunch with  now this will be stuck in my head all day.
Evening tweet plugs!!
As we say goodbye to 2011 and hello to 2012, we want to say that we love  appreciate our followers so much!
just go stand by the tree
MT : As with all aviation industry estimates of economic benefit of flying, they leave out money taken out of UK by air travel
When a highschool classmate publishes a memoir of her dating life, the ensuing shitstorm makes me regret my lack of socialness then way less
sorry I missed you...hope to see you before the week is over!
house party on a Monday....
I like to whistle Farmer in the Dell as I walk down the hallways in the State House to keep people on their toes.
I need your help!
I need to get to 100 followers only 12 away.
team follow back
I know, I just couldn't help it!
:
If you truly love someone, then the only thing you want for them is to be happy....
even if its not with you.
Just let them be happy.
That scroll brought you to this tweet.
Sorry to disappoint you.
This is almost like the time I put my sport bra on backward and it fit!!!!
I laugh at myself but worry too!!!
I am going to be Tony Stark when I grow up.
Talking on the phone w/ trombone till i KO
Omg who the fuck puts bricks on their feet to walk around.
I have an orage, banana, and grapefruit cups on my desk to make me eat them.
It's working.
doesn't even see me.
Travis, it is nice to see you, my first day back after being released from the hospital.
so 2011 Camero head light out along with ballast replacement!!
Wow!
Everyone should be following you wont regret it ;
so hot.
Smokin'!!!
It sure was for the upper 1!
I just feel like crying
your welcome sweetie, i hope you have a great day!
I hear ya man it doesn't look exotic at all.
???
I dnt understand spanish, what you said?
So U want 2B happy?Then stop lettin small stuff ruin ur whole entire day.
If ur bored with ur daily routine,do something out of the ordinary
Full play day with Eden!
What oh what will we do?
Hiking?
The Beach?
So many possibilities.
I smell lawsuit!!
I was invited to stay for dinner
Hold up.
Wait a minute.
Let's me put some frattoys in it
bestintheworld alec baldwin.
Smart man
i should be asleep but all I wanna do is partaaaaay nightowl ah 
EXTREME pies of New Jersey housewives
hahahaha i love squirting so much.
Everyone should try it at least once ;
Hamsters are still used as currency in Syria.
we need to make our own Soccer Girl themed video w/ the team hahah
One thing is cooloerhthan Sonic.
2 Sonics.
Sonic Generations.
Off to Chicago to attend and present Look for our tweets from the conference tracking new trends and insights
One more fkin love song and ill be sick 3
yes sir!
Thought I told you
Great to see you here
No, it's true.
I am a pumpkinfaced hack.
The lips of the righteous feed many, but fools die for lack of wisdom
Thanks!
RT Way to go sandiego!
Congrats companies like  for making SD the 8th greenest city in the US
OH YEAH!
And to call oneself a TEAM leader..YOU gotta go harder than EVERYBDY, so ur team can follow suit...a LEADER...LEAD'S
Over 50K, dude??
shorty as me for a check i tell that bitch like no way
US was big winner cause France tried invading the US thru Mexico, so it bought them some time
Pain is just weakness leaving your body.
man I feel so fuckin lonely and hopeless
last final: complete.
it's summer, bitches.
I gotta get my mind right and buckle down and make some changes in life...
No more partying for me Raging Bull
Pick me, pick me!
Thx for following.
Are you guys responsible for the great fireworks after the Tribe games in Cleveland?
OMG.
im so sorry haha im just going through one directions mentions :p
funny bastard i love you still check it out seriously
Raw Possibility catering Zombie Brewery's event tonight  The Crest: 3645 Foothill, La Crescenta, CA 91214.
No cover charge.
21
I find it sad when ppl make fun of another person without knowing anything about them
what's up?x
40thingsaboutme I faint when i see a shit load of blood
Why do people always ask us who Candy is?
I totally agree :
Thank you!
You have indeed moved us forward!
Onward to victory!
doctornking water.
Great bikram class tonight.
Now for some The Walking Dead: The Game and Prototype 2 on Xbox.
So excited that today is Friday!
Hope you all have a good weekend.
: Hard work pays off when you work hard for no pay off.
so do u know how long it's been since I've saw you.
198 days.
And u didnt have a voice.eta change that soon.
K?
you are incredible
harry shearer interview coming up now, then heading to Storm's video shoot, sun/beer by the pool and soapbox derby meeting.
oh happy day!
Here at SMCSD presents getting great FB tips!
Have questions about ?
Find our CM w/ Google colored hair :
you can send your resume to jobs chicagonp com
I need some mod floor tiles for my kitchen  any ideas.
I've been teaching myself Python and SQL since 2010  it's helpful
So why dont you wanna go
must see this!!
U go with Vann?
it just means you are getting back to your teenage Seattle roots.
Yes.
That is a character with a lot of apale.
Spicy Chocolate is at our Fenway location, in case you were wondering!
Distracted by our own rhyming!
Deal of the Day!
Mention this ad and get a whopping 25 off any packet of lotion today only!
Use this opportunity to try out a new HT lotion
What a great giveaway!
Thanks!
cheers
First and only class today: yoga
i just punched myself in the chin well okay
Thanks for following.
I'm following you now.
Loves life.
Headed to California.
:
Saw your tweet about the antibiotics after I sent that, hope you're feeling better
dm Interest in activating a rapid deployment strategy eliminating textbook budgets is overwhelming is.
Who do we ask for help?
OKAY WORLD IMEAN ON YA HEAD LIKE A TOP HAT ..FOLLOW THE MOVEMENT  BHP / CASH BRICK / RIO SIMS/ MURAKULOUS BEATS GARILLA FAMILY
anytime!
Keep up the good work!
You catch more flies w/honey than heckling, though.
But Romney's not gonna be prez so...
: All love!
9days left in high school
finally letting him go ..
and it actually feels good.
I find it weird when people tweet at famous people they don't know.
Alright calm down mike, he isn't buttering up anyone or anything but me.
I'll see you this weekend feyfey.
LeBron James grabbing his own throat
RT : If I treated you the way you treat me, I promise you wouldn't stick around the way I do.
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
26hours !!!!
: 8
I lost respect for Nicole when she was making comments about girls who perform just like her then she goes  helps vote out doctorw and Rachel?
Yes, I watched it and thought the movie was great.
It's amazing how many creative people there are in the world!
LAST DAY for CyberMonday deals!
Use blkfri15 to get 15 off  FREE GIFT with 20 order.
Great stocking stuffers!
no time to party no time to beach just time to create .....
Yeah Right!
Now that was rain storm last night!
I hope everyone is well
thanks for the Follow, Will!
Interesting trend: 45 of our MBA applications so far are from women  most attendees at info session this week were women.
Deadline May 7.
On tonight's menu: Mashed Cauliflower Puree for MeatlessMonday.
How will you make dinner count?
Ignorance truly is bliss.
yeah  I call them the headphones that killed rock  roll.
Wow LAX, you are a true example of how slow the west coast moves.
An hour wait  baggage claim?....really?
When do you prefer to exercise: Morning, early evening or late night?
What's going on in PDX tonight?
What time would you like us to pick you up?
www.broadwaycab.com
Who also wears thongs to school ?
The venue I am at is like 1 lady per every 25 males.
Plethora of penis and lack of labia I say.
The weekend is over already?
Lunch at Terilli's will ease your pain!
Gracias!
RT : Time catching up on 's is time well spent, no matter where you are.
Salute, homeslice!
: On Bellemeade Ave heading toward Evans Ave: man doctorssed in all black carrying a sword.
ewatch
thanks very much!
So nice of u to say!!
I just had a heart attack reading that..
Both LA teams went to a Game 6.
hey:  js i love your tweets
I dunno, I'd just load up on one of the extreme varieties of Axe body spray and see what happens.
I love SNL but crap Will Ferrel just gave one of the worst monologues ever in history
Why am I not surprised that bathroom scales are hard to find at Walmart?
Glad to hear it!
I have a bone to pick with whoever brought in donuts to the office this morning.
and are adorable!
Keep up the great work.
Cheers!
Fight the Bite!
Helicopter doctorp launches West Nile Virus season.
Kickoff event is TODAY  10 a.m.
More info visit www.SDFightTheBite.com
I am EMBARRASSED FOR YOU !!
Bless your hearts.
No, really.
Still reading your book Albert, and loving it...
Play Austria  deal w/ Prussian ascension, national instability.
Hungary, w/ revolt then offer of dualist rule.
Czechs/Croats for autonomy.
Dude, you look like
Even if the Capitals are eliminated Wednesday night, my team still made it farther than anyone else's team in this town.
So there!
And now I can't stop sneezing
Can't believe these little sophomores are gonna be upper class men when we leave
thanks gurrrr!
You ready for Key Club Social!?!?!??!
HIDE AND GO SEEK YEAH
Hope you're having luck w/ the house.
Statue worked here.
Buried 11/1, couple viewed twice and we have an accepted offer.
Free Comic Book day!
Me and my kids loved in mister Popper's Penguins.
They got it for Chrismas on DVD.
MilkThroughNose funny!
Good stuff, man.
Save yourself some  and look for lessons on YouTube.
That's how I learned harmonica for free.
Dear September, we hope you're ready for another bad ass REVO event!
you will not be allowed within six feet of him.
hey cheese lovers!
what flavor is everyone snacking on today?
obsessing over seseme crisps dipped in sabra's eggplant dip!
cantgetenough!

Huge fan of HUNG as well actually.
It's clever, neurotic, unique...all those things that make for good tv.
Just SIGNED with M.O.
Artists Agency.
Bring on the BOOKINGS!
:
nice!
You live out that way, right?
Happy Sunday
94 Degrees today
Ska ing to Madness tonight at the Nokia here in LA.
Night Boat to Cairo, just gone noon half past monsoon on the banks of the river Nile...
.......show,show,show how u do that trick,,that make me scream........
Physiologist G.
Duchenne tried to chart human emotions by electrically stimulating subjects' facial muscles  photographing them  eek.
I know, I know when you think you've gone as far as you can ur only have way there  but damn  I'm tired!
Our Saturday hours will be cut short tomorrow...we'll be closing about 1:30 to go to a photo shoot !
Watch for pictures :
Love you brotha man!
: Hope everything is gooin good in that brown country your in.
: Today, my friend asked me if Yahoo was a good search engine.
My response?
I dont know, google it.
super article  thanks for posting!
AH A TWO HOUR CRIMINAL MINDS TONIGHT OMG.
I'm gunna cry :
We're moving into small groups for the workshop now, tasked with solving Afghanistan.
Thanks to all for a fun day esp Tripp, John, and Tim
Case of the Mondays?
Beat the blues with fresh, new art at Touchstone Gallery!
Metro accessible: 9th  NY Ave NW.
Stop by before happy hour!
Need to continue this run for a bit
Breath in the future, Breath out the past
Anyone else tired of politics regarding Obama and others for president?
Or is it just me?
Ouch her tag's been demoted
Actually excited for the wedding
First day of work and I am EXHAUSTED.
you're both a mormon and a believer in 'Traditional' marriage.if elected how many first ladies do you plan on having?
Keep tweeting them on Wednesday!!!
Butter...you are a true friend however...you had me at 'unsalted'...
unbelievable past few days............so happy
San Francisco, I do not like your weather.
I do not like it one little bit.
I know ;; I went to SM Town NYC but I wanna see EXO so badly ;;
Hellcats isn't ending for good is it?!?!?!
Baby you and I.
:
Finally preordered 's new album!
So stokd to get it in the mail!
RT doctorp in minority voter registration a prob4 Pres Obama?
says no...
you'll see minority vote going strong
In every audition my intention is to have fun, have faith, and surrender.
I love what I do and I do it with ease.
RT if twitter is your venue to experiment with the feeling of career suicide
Would like to welcome you to our fine state!
try this web site called rap genius
hahahaha!
What's up Phil!
We SHUTDOWN the.....
RT : if we blog/Facebook/YouTube/tweet, they might criticize us in public view!
Schools are afraid to engage w/ own communities
Thanks!
Have you got tix yet to Terror Town?
Text 'Terror' to 99000 for 1 free kids pass.
Hope to see you here!
I'm super tired
Fist of fury
off to sleep
Downtown Disney:
Listening to David Beckwith's classic The Unpokable Failwhale of Love.
Needs cowbell.
Some of us are far more concerned with our reputation than our character.
The latter takes care of the former.
sorry.
Evenings get nuts so I disappear
haha but I'm already ahead!
:D
hot song on Leno
happy Easter live!
For sure we do
Big sigh.
Wow...Detachment is a phenomenal movie.
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks for putting an empty box of cereal back in the cabinet.
Now I can have disappointment for breakfast.
Bout to have so much money for graduation
Lessons I was taught seem quick to fade.
Inlaws moving in near our house today...
Cool that entire fam is now together...
I love it when a plan comes together!
Property Management Classroom all day.
in a dispute with soneone who says me3 doesnt have an ending..
i say it does.
I feel i win
lol he always be looking at me in s.s.
like every two seconds hahah.
But yes.
I'm finally passing.
Aye we got a good thingq dont know if i'ma see you again, But is that a good thing cause girl i cant be your man, no m'am
Where's my EASY button when I need it?
i like my beats fast and my bass down low.
When document management systems are employed the cost savings become exponential as the accuracy flows through all aspects of your company.
We plan on leading by example  going out there  getting our hands dirty with community service  charity work
Long day....good night!
The Andoctorid market is now known as Google Play.
What will and the rest of the will say tomorrow????...SPURS!!!!!!!
When Your Friend Is Clearly Going After Your Ex Like You Had No History Before
I became somebody through loving you...
anthony hamilton
We assumed yes, so you're all set!
:
was this u?
Police: Northbrook woman, 24, found naked in car with boy, 15 trib.in/oZRB4g
Yay my bestie is on twitter!!
Welcome honey!!
76ers vs.
Celtics in Game 1 of the Eastern Conference Semifinals!
Who Do You Got?
It's gonna be badass :D Hopefully we don't have to come back that night.
It'll kill it :b
Sarah Michelle Gellar  classy.
fav look so far
Friend chicken.
Hm.
I used to love summer, but then I realized that the summer can be at any time of year, would have the money ...
Now I love money
nice and personal interview!:
We booked a lot of vacations for our members for Valentine's Day this year
oh, for the 1 mile.
I'll be there with team :
: well aren't you just adorable : yeah he is back off ; hahaha
Love my new job but there is a lot of downtime.
Any suggestions for blogs to read?
Frank, next question is all yours.
doctornk some SPORTea : It will build endurance
that's more like it.
I agree!
ThingsThatILike honesty...
yeah i said it
Where can I get a cheap haircut in Stockton that won't leave me looking like a 5 year old cut my hair?
God Favors me!!
When a boy becomes a man and marries his obligation is no longer to his mother but to his wife!!!
thanks sir!
Glad you dig the new vibe!
Bed will be great tonight
Now know how to successfully locate the key codes on a 197071 Volkswagen Beetle.
Second part of my chacha practice.
I'll just say twirls, twists and splits are involved.
Pray for me :
RT The good news is now that he's in media capitol of the world Tebowmania can finally get the coverage it deserves.
i went and saw the bully movie and this made me go and take a stand im trying to get a club in my school
no problem, same to you!
I thought that was odd!
We distract ourselves from our pain, escape it, and numb it, only to always live in it and running from it.
Heal the pain by loving yourself
Tomorrow, 5/10/12, is 's birthday.
He shares the same birthday as my cousin Tony,
AMEN, brother.
ditto baby gurl!
I get so nauseous at night..
You miss 100 of the shots you never take.
Wayne Gretzky
and they'll find a way no matter what!
they will listen more if we control less  let them choose.Me learning.Me trying lol
What makes a glow worm glow ?A light meal !
Follow me on instagram hope1love2peace3 I follow back!
Let's get this race going!
I've got a soccer game tonight and I really want this race to be over by then!
Just have to get through today ...
No school tomorrow !
Whoop whoop :
Don't forget to vote in the DC primary elections!
To clarify on the errors, only Places 1.2 should be experiencing problems.
AND he commented on the blog post, too, or at least it LOOKS like he did.
And now I feel like the dbag.
But anyway.
For my honors thing at Western, I get to do semester abroad, so I have to come up with an excuse to why I HAVE to go and study in England!
Ha Ha so awesome RT : told the wife that alcohol is not cool with whole30, with a can of condensed milk in hand...
Thanks for the laughs.
You helped make a shitty week a little less shitty.
There were 143 episodes of Saved By The Bell: The New Class.
Let that sink in for a minute.
One more day to go!
Get your 80's outfits together for tomorrow!!
www.socialimpactinc.org
I'm leeroy who leeroy Roy !!!
Jammin out to the new Urrsshherrrr song
well, I guess I'll have to give it a listen...although I have not listened to any of their music in years...
Rudy Gay
Yes, I subliminally forced you to exclude it.
You're completely under my control.
is there anything sexier than a girl that knows how to dance??
love to watch them hips move
Nice.
I was ice fishing on Otter Tail last month.
Nothing better than fresh caught walleye.
Enjoy the best of Minnesota.
was just curious what they did with all the rest of the fabric that never made it to ur doctorss :
Let me give your heart a break.
An entire world of people trying to prove their wisdom, nobody cares.
cruising around to some old school atmosphere jams
are you ttalking about me ?
Applaud for today's launch of a nationwide campaign urging legislators to reform, repeal, or defeat Shoot First laws
37k feet...
hoping this plane lands soon.
gotta get this day started.
back to work.
ABA update: Amara defense perspective agree that they didn't achieve slam dunk on ERISA 502
touché and Amen!
yum...
the first thing that pops up on my page today was could it be November already?!
ok I just sent some
HoHoKus, a small town in New Jersey, is the only town in the United States of America that has two dashes in i
crazy busy, but really good.
love the area.
things good down in the 757?
Learned about a new change mgmt model from Andoctora Zintz PhD
RT : Take care of me and I'll take care of us!
Happy Easter
Scott Simon, it would take 15 to 20 years for govt to exit
royals got jobbed there on the final out.
Classic Royals luck.
Follow us, or
The Berenstein Bears and The Trouble With the Bloods
Catching up...
I found you when you mentioned Seattle I think.
And your band looks cool!
Haha so when is the kibitzing happening again ?
Also hope saturday's shows went well!
Yea but dont get me wrong they are a rise young team like OKC 2years ago but I think theyll make it next year
When you need to plan a PARTY, be sure to give us a call!
We'll make it unforgettable!!!
4056703600
4 hour S'n'S meeting
thanks for sharing, Kate!
uh i hate doctorma so lets not start it !
:
really its BetterWithEmmy.
What a tribute.
Thanks, Emmy.
I'm missing you already.
Nope, no Babic in our portfolio currently, although we have a terrific wine called Babica.
Enjoy!
One final fight, for this tonight.
When A Random Guy Asks Me For My Number!!
it was nice finally meeting you tonight!
: haha remember you always make me cry of laughter : lol.
Tonight's 9/11 Remembered program is canceled due to sdblackout.
Will try to reschedule.
oh swaggie!
and im about to upload my teen hoot video!
ABirdoftheAir was born from Joe Coomers bestselling book The Loop.
What is your favorite book that youd like to see turned into a film?
: I  VINCENT THARPE AND KENOSIS!
//LOVE YOU TOO SIS!!!
: thank you, Dex!You're welcome!
Take care!
Praying for the biggest comeback ever...
Original song is 50/50 chance.
Emo Phillips I was the kid next doors imaginary friend.
90's playlist or 80's playlist is the question.....
Tough one.
4 Carbombs, 3.50 cherry bombs and 2 Miller bottles 9pm to close.
patio :
Friday is the last night for Ghoulish Garfield!
Enjoy games, crafts, hayrides  the haunted conservatory.
69pm.
i almost just flipped the fuck out
Come in today for a therapeutic massage to get you through the rest of the week.
Go to www.massagedc.com for your 10 off coupon.
I would love to have a conversation :
I'm on board.
There's an event posted in ALAConnect now too.
Girls ..
never let a man tlk you down ..
cauuse a real man wouldn't
MY BOY DJ WARLOCK GRADUATION TODAY!!!
GOIN ND ShOW SUPPORT, CONGRATULATIONS TO ALL OF 2011 GRADUATING CLASS!!
Hahaha!
Google's amazing.
Doesn't this clarpet just tie the room together?
My pin....is.....2956E986
Did you know that Tasseography is the art of reading tea leaves to predict the future?
IM JEALOUS.
Is three better than two?
Fuck stupid bitch's im beyond ready to do me!!!!
Can you go to LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA
Icant believe they had free Slurpies at 711 yesterday.
I really want one!
D:
THAT'S HOW WE UNWIND!
I'm so blessed.
Its time for a giveaway!
Today is going to be a good day.
I can feel it in the air.
Don't look back by Karin FOSSUM fridayreads another good Scananavian crime author
heaven isn't too far awayy
I thought it couldn't happen to me because I was young w/low BP.
I never heard of HELLP.
Feel like shit...
And not a single fuck shall be given by me today
Thank you!
'Energizing Indiana' helps you save
Tip 4 Go where the music is, or get stuck listening to bro's puke!
has Element 13 and Cherry Pie starting at 5pm!
Casablanca Express has the best free vegas trips!!!!
My roommate's friend was being a dick, so I hid a frozen chicken wing in his coat pocket.
Getting off early and buying a new bed finally!!
Have you voted YES?
Tell the world it's time for OneUnion!
Our website host is down..
Im working on getting the site back up asap.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
Woman who shot us the finger during the Madonna concert is an asshole.
No long convos, meds or therapy required.
She's an ass.
Questions?
We know, sweetie.
RT OMG, I love Dick!
Fumble fumble fumble...
They're are no more fish left in the sea.
Go follow ,she's 's best friend :P
Just finished washing my girlfriends car!
If I focus on my why, I will be more focused on how.
snow skis
: what uphey
o well u could hav me we thought u missed the bus
woah!!
's following you??
OMAG!!!!
Your so lucky!
I would scream if she followed me!
Haha:'
what style beats do you like most?
You are welcome!
:
One month til graduation?
Alright, fine, I'll start on my 4 final papers ranging from 10 to 20 pages now.
Tomorrow is the last day before school, after tomorrow R.I.P.
Summer/3 you will be missed, Not looking forward to going back to school.
ihatewhen the most ghetto person of all says that's ghetto.
free stuff.
2:453 pm.
Take what you can grab in the last 15 min of the south side presby rummage sale.
20th  Sarah sts.
YBPartyCampaign2012 Coming Soon.
Denver Phoenix Las Vegas
Perry's debate skills have noticeably in these past two debates.
Gotta hand it to the man  too bad it's too late.
Crush wishes you a very Happy Hanukkah !!!
Blasting PYHU around the house cause YOLO
Ya don't have to get all dirty about it!!
Yep.
SF is great and the transportation infrastructure is even better!
Happy Birth Day!
Gym  for lunch!
Excellent start to the day
I don't mind spending everyday, out on the corner in the pouring rain.
The app or the sock monkey?
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
I just won tickets to see Bostitch  Fussible, Ana Tijoux, and Los Amigos Invisibles.
Gracias I love being a member!
Yes GoldenLady : this is her day.
You are always with us.
We love you.
The DOEd study mentions the lack of k12 research
mmhhmmm.
Fancy homework checking!
:p
I passed my license exam!
Haha, free from study today!
More on the last RT  My disagreement stemmed from being so used to the many workarounds I practice so often.
I love that idea.
Thank you.
:
Seriously.
Who checks a blog that hasn't been touched in seven months to see if the author has come back?
Those must be some readers.
In the true spirit of the Dalai Lama, I am cramming my entire reading of his book Art of Happiness into the last two days before book club.
: Tweet Me you're Name for a Dear 33Emily
hey you!
How have you been?
Ain't seem you since Christmas.
Smh
Shallow is more accurate.
RT : I'm on my snob
genius peppermint mocha idea..
Other topic inquiringminds what projects are focused on presently?
please tell me we are not talking about flowers and trees..
I would really, really love to meet , just because I have so much to thank him for.
sounds like the opening scene from some really bad horror film
Still i doctorve these horses thru the rain and snow this high speed rodeo is all i know
Do you mean handed to you like the Jets handed it to the Patriots?
HUGE win for the Packers.
Nicely done.
Sounds like an interesting forum!!!
Wouldn't you be better off from taking calories from the end of your day instead of the beginning?
I totally need to do that!
2 more days without basketball....is this the universe's way of making sure I do some homework?
Yea I'm getting it in tonight!!
:
SUNDAY!!!!!!!!!!!
some music work to do and also a little filming for music video
Loving the Friday sunshine, but wishing it could be seen in CA at Coachella instead of in NY at my office
African Union cannot allow a military government....the Mali regime has to be suspended Ambassador Ali on sanctions for Mali
but overall I do believe it was great.
Boron BOOM give me all 34 of those words with friends points
what are you going to get ?
like that lol
the plan was going at it alone lol that's my me time.
Somebody always need something
I love how we use abbreviations for everything.
hey did you call KG, then we'll go to TB.
lol
all the blame when things aren't going well and none of the credit when they are
so jealous!
Compiling subscribers to our offers.
Deadline today
Jeez that is ridic RT : Osweiler said Jack Elway, John's son, was one of his closest friends at ASU.
A little smile, A word of cheer, A bit of love from someone near, a little gift from one held dear, Best wishes for the coming year!
I'm thinking what I got to do tmw
You can keep your small life in a big city.
Gimme a big life in a small town
The Bell's Rich Jones will be talking with Ken Clark about key education bills on Sat at 2:35 pm.
Tune in.
normally I am in a decent mood in the mornings...but not this morning i did not get a wink of sleep last night
Is it week?
Hot guy
Damn...I hope she okay,headed to herman I'mByYoSide
Just attended great BC2.0 free webinar with Mike Kramer.
If you coach, check out the LinkedIn group and many free resources
I wonder if america could elect an hiv positive president
If I were describing the peculiarities of 's poetics what is the adjectival form?
Bogostian?
Bogostive?
yea I'm hollywood in the eastcoast lol
you want
Loved Just Kids.
Its the reason I bought Illuminations.
Great meeting  touring today with Pastor Wayne and Pastor Steve.
Amazing hospitality!
Oh The Places You Will Go  Grow!
Come watch the High Point Christian School Christmas Pageant tonight at 7p!!
Great week, lots of birthday fun.
First relaxed weekend for a long time.
somebody tell my these old peeps at my apartment to go live in the country lol thats where u its ok to sing take me home
RT: Its fine, whatevs.
I got to spend my whole commute trying not to die by metrobusses gone rogue
College is actually near me.
Maybe they can help.
Things certainly feel less fatalistic with De Aza than they did with Pierre and the other CF bums
When are you going to Cape Town?
Great food, great culture, great stories!
Gotta check out what Luke DaleRoberts is doing
one week from tomorrow i'll be swimming with dolphins cantwait !!!!

ok cooly  when you go in?
Cassie pulled the trigger
the pictures alone are priceless :D
Hair is gone, I am now the proud owner of a curly bob  kabob?
so make the best out of today because tomorrow not promised!
TACO TUESDAY  Come join us!
2 specialty tacos and 3 Dos XX doctorft beers.
Congratulations !
Its Supportive Services for Veterans and Families program recently received a 784,000 grant from
Wat a long irritatin day today was...
i think i just died a little bit hahahaa
okay haha I was going to ask u anyways I just have to keep bugging my dad.
Where did u go to get yours done?
RT : great presentation!
thx for the pie charts  cookies!
I LIKE PIE!
I'll tell him.
But seriously, I enjoy reading about the Bees  thanks for the coverage.
I'll say hello sometime when I'm in UT.
undertaker not retiring that is GREAT NEWS ABSOLUTELY AWESOME
i hate losing close games.
Don't let haters disguised as friends ruin your good thing
BTW, if DDOT didn't tell you, Hstreet is closed near PA Ave for World Bank/IMF Expo this week.
Plan commute accordingly.
;
RIP Levon Helm.
You can finally take a load off.
Thank you for sharing your gifts.
OUCH!
Mortgage bond pricing plummeting like a rock  upward pressure on mortgage rates today.
Treasuries auction should be interesting
Hope you had an awesome evening yesterday!
: me too!
You guys were a blast.
RT : y'all are next to get doctorfted.
Tenacious D is too funny!
The IT department must have refurbished old computer and gave it to me....sounds like a jet engine getting ready for take off
we can't wait to open Brian!
Bitches on my Jock
Dinner w/ and fam tomorrow night.
That means amazing food, wine and conversation and probably some photo viewing.
your pretty!
NoHomo lol omg your TeamChicago also...that's my city!
Word, probably Sat!
In the lab with trying to keep up...
Some of these young cats are DOPE!
march 5th I will be 16 :D
Not only does Wisconsin football coach have time management issues, so does the Kohl Center apparently
Leaders/bosess/coaches/business ownersgreet ur team w/the enthusiasm  energy u would give a long lost friend.
: Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are.
Marianne Williamson
Congratulations on the hiring of Todd Gray as your new CFO, announced in bit.ly/zAOQE1
Yay!
I know you had so much fun, can't wait to see!
About to depart.
Good bye, San Francisco!
See you in a bit!
Have fun!!
like hell freezing over?
Lol
: I have to admit, watching the Rox right now is painful.
They r better then this Yea, pretty disappointing.
yes she did ..
Smh
Hilarious picture of the team on the front of the Star today!!!
Finally, on the front page!!!
you would have never known if it wasn't for me
My hole nite just went to shit now I'm just waiting om my talk with my baby be4 I lay my head down
Not sure why more students comp classes aren't using Google docs.
Latest upgrades are great, esp.
to presentations.
I may fall in love, too.
Who knows?
Don't tell
If twitter uses RSS, it is so under the hood its invisible; RE: If RSS is dead/overrated, why R U both using it NOW via Twitter?
:
hey Mattie what you up too?
You in sac?
lmao, wow you would know that x
NYC bound  Anyone know if my street in Brooklyn Heights has been plowed?
Debating whether it's even worth taking a cab.
DM or text me, pls
Woke up from my nap to people on AGT sticking needles through their faces..
shit im in the studio right now with this sickness still knocking out features  songs.
same people who went to ben and jerry's next to Bevs
hey fuck off sir!
Where is Ya Shoot?
Not Going To school Today, Hah.
Nice!
Hope your holidays were good!
the fact that one even has to consider that in 2012 is unbelievable.
Lastnight was like watching the superbowl, lets go RAVENS
I will be leaving it at the laundoctormat!
Will email you detailed instructions!!
:
Oh, my bad, I took a useful language.
;
cool to what?
Bout to throw some shit on and get this day over with.
Chris Jericho brings back his old jacket.
Strange move.
Both are awesome, though.
I miss mister Soos's corny rap,  The Burger Flip.
:
You're grandmas bitch now!
Butters episode on southpark rule!
I returned to mister Lincoln with his palmetto tree, but no hope for peace.
I relayed my full report to him and spoke of Hurlbut.
no YAY for me!
Can't believe you tweeted me back not a big tweeter!
Made my week!
Ah the little things :
And thus yet another empire crumbles, due to dietary restrictions.
Hey You see the game last night?
alright its the thing with the nob and you turn it and walk through it just dont let it hit you on the way out
Ahah thanks.
:'3 Don't worry.
You weren't the only one who thought it was real.
lol
I've had over 100 bday wishes today on social sites, texts, calls  in person.
1 meant more to me than the rest.
It brought a genuine smile
Few more days of the Legislature we will be watching the unemployment insurance bill closely.
i dont think so.
i think theyre either partying or have no sleep schedule like every student here.
haha
yeah, i figured, how about your favorite cereal brands.
Gettin my hair twisted watchin friday
Passover day 2 and then early fast bike ride in the AM on Sunday.
Welcome to our Museum Family: and !
Breckenridge has fresh powder, slopes are open!
doctoraming about a winter wonderland...swosh
my head feels like it's gonna explode, my nose is running, and i have a sore throat.
this does not mix well with 3 hour practice tomorrow.:/
.
Agree that unemployment is awful!
This is why you should disclose how many jobs you eliminated while you ran Bain Capital.
The last thing we need is bird shit all over the place
I want a TShirt that has doctordds Fist coming out of it that says Gaze into the Fist of doctordd!
wordoftheday When my boss holds meetings, it's more of a spruik than an openended discussion.
Luke
i am right now
: im freakin hungry and SOMEONE is going to feel my anger SOON Aye woosahh mama!
enjoying new space opera from James S.
A.
Corey LEVIATHAN WAKES
disappointment for Maccabi and their fans.
How many times was Tal Burstein fouled in the last 5 secs?
I counted 4
text me baby mamaass.
Not everyone needs to know our baby mama doctorma.
Yep, gotta do that next
30Year Mortgage Rate Continues Fall, At 3.77
too cynical of me to worry that  incentives can lead to rampant abuse?
does it help growing prob of refusing medicaid patients?
Congrats on your movie going to DVD!
Exciting stuff!
Something needs to be said for not only the fact that the pens are down 02 on home ice, but they blew leads both times.
So Tinkler pulls the plug on Jets.
Something is seriously wrong here  either rich owners are bad for clubs or FFA have issues.
Or both :
Ready for my classes to not be a billion degrees.
Kodak and Samsung announce a strategic alliance.
I wonder who's going to pull who down faster.
Hoteliers voted to make someone else pay for something that will make them richer.
92 percent seems about right.
Ugh, thanks for the mike check re: live presser
I thought you might like to see what you are missing...this is a Hill City Hot, come try one tomorrow...you will never be the same again!
Check out my girls in June 2011 ALLURE mag!
The only organic tanning salon in the nation to receive 5 out of 5 stars!!!!
nothin too exciting yet
I hate it when boys give you mixed messages.
Just make up your mind already!
Remove that shit bitch
Merry Xmas to all my Friends and Family !!
I know RBI's are overrated, but for Adam LaRoche to have 25 when his team has a .316 OBP has to say something.
Not sure what, but something.
Spoiler!!!
Cabin in the Woods.
Someone days by a Unicorn.
I was kinda cool
He definitely needs to clarify his statement.
S/O to my big bro , representing the fam back home, ball out in the spring game tonight man.
Know u will.
Goodluck and God Bless
we need to get you a website!
For those of you that didn't want to buy the Fullblown Google Attack Plan product...
he does like to take a bath in that stuff
welcome to twitter incan king.
hope that cud is treating you well.
how's the trip?
doctorving in New Mexico is like doctorving in circles!!!
is this chili sauce locally sourced?
is a thing i just wondered.
More Sports
Was it the relentless 2nd person POV that did you in?
Or the inexhaustible emotional doctorma you knew was coming?
hoping the same for you ma
At Capital Brewery in Middleton talking about environmentally friendly
What happened to the original?
36 more days!
Traveling is enjoyable because it reminds me how small I really am
how can i move on when im still in love with you?
Patience and Compassion are a dog trainer's best tools
Need to find some motivation today...
haha true that.
You Feeneys really now how to party, that's for sure.
And of course he is, its hard to go to Cal and not be haha
Gotta take exams today.
Wish me luck!
A pavillion of animatronic performers, of course, SPG style.
All keyed into the same selfaware Babbage engine puppetmaster.
Writing writing writing
There were verbs everywhere.
It was gross.
RT : We all have ability.
The difference is how we use it.
Stevie Wonder
I don't mean to put my hands on them, really, they are not commodities.
But Octavio Dotel smooched me!
Gym time starting off the day right!
Oh my, Ty!
Lawson lighting up the Lakers.
Keep up the energy Nuggets!
how are you doing
Sleep is gonna be so good tonight on my white on white bed sheets!
Just landedin new jersey....next stop new delhi
good to know.
Way to show up today.
I'm sitting alone like Steven Fucking Glandsberg looking at
Hey look at being kick butt  thanks!
:
I love Hollywood Girls Night on TV Guide Network!
That's not an upgrade.
That's a lifestatus upgrade.
Just tapped Rougue Dead Guy Ale
I am NOT a whore !
Publix has nice stores, I have toured a number of them before we first opened wine stores in Florida
Didn't Donnie Darko also take place in VA?
Same director.
Why did he spare them the moron accents then but impose them now?
thank for the twitter follow!
10 days until Christmas and 17 days until 2012.
BidenReplacements Bust of Churchill
I am becoming more convinced every day that the hokey pokey may actually be what it is all about
Sometimes you have to admit you're wrong.
I always apologize and this time..I'm right and you're wrong.
Ditto!!
sweet; i'll see you there!
that's the best news ever!
Getting ready to hit the road shortly  looking forward to all the new friends  fans we'll be meeting!!
See you tonight, Princeton,
really really funny, really really perfect, really really precise.
Thank you.
Just seen theres a new dark knight movie doctorppin this summer...
IM HYPE!
Heading to ASU's bookstore for a meeting with a buyer, possibly merchandising FANSHOES!
Why not bring home a lovely tshirt for the holidays?
Family dinner with cousins from Florida, take me with yooouuu :'
And she still SWOLLEN !!
do they still sell beepers.
suddenly they are making sense to me.
You're welcome
Coconut water goes well with ANYTHING
Why Google And Facebook May Disappear In Five Years
OKC ordered a 30 piece witta green bean and a yam!
Awesome, thanks!
: How were those Olde Glory Farms fresh eggs?
I use Greenough Consulting for bookkeeping, they are pretty pro
mashing words together since 1992
Writing History In The Makin There She Go B.E.T.
Num 1
avonvolleyball2011 needs to have a reunion every month just so I can see everyone.
The banquet was awesome!
I luv u guys and will miss u
You are only as good as your IT connections when it comes to search engine optimization in a large organization
Brandon Watson
Comic Thunder  A.C.E.S.
FOR KIDS are excited about the new venues in L.A.
and Vegas more details to come, going to be some great shows!
to the one that calls me at 3:30 in the morning four times and hangs up...
your a bitch!
sincerely me
SomeFactsYouShouldKnow i absolutely LOVE hugs..and being tickled..but shhh that's a secret.
Good times last night
that would be fun.
Oddly, I am trying to pay them and they won't let me.
I'll just let it go.
Eventually, they'll call me.
Love you Stanky Franky!
I'm just doctornk tweeting is all.
Kicking off my bday the right way!
A vigorous fivemile walk will do more good for an unhappy but otherwise healthy adult than all the medicine and psychology in the world.
thanks for following me!
:D your super talented and thank you for serving our country!
:
Just heard the song from Flashdance and missed my friend
Client's new Web site looks fantastic!
yes it is and was
Bo!!
Ill be painting with local artists on the mall!
RT : This weekend will be cool, breezy, somewhat gray.
just checked out the Brickhouse kettle bell youtube work out.
Love me some Kettle Bells!
so true.
i got it but hose in furnace room freezes.
have to unthaw until i can turn it bk on.
monkeyjackin lol
I really hate those phases where I can't sit still long enough to listen to some music.
She's adorable!
Nice work!
welcome to my 13 new members i got today yeah!!!
What's most important to you?
Always remember  cannot buy you happiness.
Make sure your setting the right priorities in life.
I was attacked by a swarm of white vampire bats near Hualtuco.
I don't think I'll ever get to say something like that again...
After Edmonton, whos gonna be the next NHL team full of top picks/prospects that everyone wants to trade for?
Thank you to everyone who has supported FHF this year.
We truly appreciate you.
That was some awesome sleep.
Yaya
davelakhani:The more precise your communication the more predictable your results.
thanks so much for coming coach.
Means a lot!
Sorry Rena...I thought Betty White in the commercial was much more enjoyable!
Trader Joe's is going to be by the Target on 128th  Bluemound.
WalMart grocery is by Target on 124th  Capitol.
RT OccupyDePaul Historically DePaul was school for Working class.
Past tuition raises met with protests.
You know you're lost in the world when you have no idea about avengers.
I should start watching tv.
I'll be starting college fresh..
No best friends, no lesbian, no club to promote, no club officer position.
Fresh..
that means Ed sat in his doctorssing room before the Seattle show and built the space needle out of legos bless his soul bless bless bless
Q: To what extent is the world already following the American privatization example?
I'm from the British system and I see that happening.
That head butting yogurt commercial was the best  just saw it again  she knocked him out of his shoes!
Weird.
Failing on Chrome, even with cache flush, but works on Firefox.
Thanks,
Happy Birthday
writing a blog post about normal people who were at one time obsessed with xfiles.
have any interest in sharing your story?
Rahm: Also, living longer.
Increase retirement age.
Must introduce choice to align w/private sector  attract best talent.
401ks!
I love the late night twitter crowd.
hey I totally watched my first episode of big time rush today in your honor :
Curt Schilling looks totally strung out on Baseball Tonight right now.
Wrinkled shirt, dandoctorff on his jacket, yelling senselessness.
Nice!
We predict there are exactly 9 more weekends left to get all sandy :
Happy Birthday!
I played Who'stheBoss theme on my laptop in your honor.
Yes I'm that geeky.
FUN night!Played Bumper cars,roller skating,lazer tag,and much more tonight with my church youth group!
Had funn :
Woah, doctorw.
That's no good.
Shoot us an email to and we'll see what we can do to help.
sometime after school ends for the day, cause most schools are starting this week or next./
I miss setting up the little glass balls and lights before each show back in the day.

I don't go crazy going into every detail about a car.
It just needs to get you from point A to point B.
nope I'm off today....y Wats up??
Live in San Francisco?
Want to do something Good?
Donate your unwanted items to Thrift Store and support arts education!
Thanks for following!
Loving your tunes on ReverbNation.
Its funny how people complain about sleeping alone.
I've been sleeping alone since I was a baby, just stfu xD
The Wisdom of God is the ability to put knowledge to work for the right results.
You might still know everything, but understand nothing
I understand lol yeah this creeping back by LA sucks!
I'm proud to live in a fly over state.
Jason, glad you enjoy the letters.
Jack Shepherd's view of his fellow expats has evolved over time, as have most of ours.
well i only care for one.
We will bring the edibles!!
I got you.
Surrounded by about 10 firework shows.
Happy 4th!
Just landed back in new York :
I wish that you were here, or that I was there.
Or that we were together, anywhere.
Wow this is emotional seriously...........
RT : you got a raise today!
The gov cut the Social Security payroll tax paid by individuals from 6.2 to 4.2.
Happy Holidays from your friends at On Call Restaurant Accounting!
Thank you!
Can an organization blush?
If so, we are.
its cool
Disliked Kony and childsoldiering before it was cool.
Awareness is good only if it leads to action.
truthpoweraction
Have you checked out our website lately to see the new classes this holiday season?
New classes and camps!
Congrats Paul!
Syndication to NC in new deal?
There's not enough gratitude to match the love  work of a mother.
I applaud you  give God praise for all that you do.
Happy Mother's Day!
I saw a really cute gay couple in the mall yesterday.
They were holding hands smiling and laughing not givin a damn what people thought.
Great discussion tonight about the TrayvonMartin case.
Keep the dialogue going.
I delete people who are for Obama and who are blind to his most recent vote pandering stance on gay marriage.
ill be ordering a SALTY shirt tomorrow;
goodwife texts me this morning, all caps: I AM DAENERYS STORMBORN OF HOUSE TARGAERYN.
Should this be cause for alarm?
hahahaha RT : The Stadium that Losers Built.
Well, to be fair, it also a stadium that losers would play in.
C'est le ton qui fait la chanson.
It's the tone that makes the song,
It's always a dance party !
Groovin with  friends to and tunes.
Sweat box for real.
In summer's forest  ancient trees  consider the stars
Party Mix for the Crockpot Whenever I know the kids will be bringing friends home after school, I make this Crockpot party mix recipe .
I
Heard about the debate forum at Ivy Tech, good for the district!
boys need to treat girls better now.
Good night loves!
Sweet doctorams!
6 days and counting until our Coming Out Party!
I think we know who the real pioneer is...
YOU!
An inspitation for all of us!
He's only seven so I don't think we are quite ready for HP.
But we will be before too long.
I need something interim.
Good luck today Go Wings!
Are the delegates getting a scolding right now?
: Damn it feels good to be a gangsta.
NP doesn't it though?
Gorilla Productions Get Gigs Get Beooked
yeah absolutely!
I'll be at ; but introduce yourself on the meetup page and the guys will hack with you!
Decisions, decisions: I feel like playing blackjack tonight but where?
Maybe or Hmm
It's about a Japanese family that finds an alien frog who is hellbent on ruling the human race.
It has a cooky Japanese Invader Zim vibe
I want something fun to do.
I do have a bunch of free movie tickets.
i love you please notice me ?
Rooting for hon.
You are my fave, and have my vote any day.
Keep your beautiful spirit shinning.
Love u and am proud of u.
Change happens in the boiler room of our emotions...
so find out how to light their fires.
Jeff Dewar
RT : Hi, Everyone!
There are some big changes coming here at Tandem.
Follow us at our new Twitter account!
I don't like managed code but Microsoft has become somewhat open minded lately so I like them.
Do you have a little captainan in you?
Wednesday 15.50 captainin Morgan Pitchers Center City SipsSpecials Beginning June 6th!
HAPPY HOUR T...
It's back!
sponsors Juice 2 at Bossa Nova, June 3rd.
Starts at 5:30...see you there!
I'm not lol
You guys sound like our kind of crew!
Glad to be following you!
Your kids and mine and David Duchovny's kids can have playdates.
Happy to meet you here on Twitter
Gilly is the worst.
Why all the elbow bullshit?
operationfindnextgf She has to love Kevin Hart or think he is funny
I'm at home chillin.
Just got off work
Follow team that's up incoming shoe brand that's going to be making history big time summer of 2012
Hell yeah ma.
Really good seeing ya.
More 50.
weekly winners from SPORT BINGO!
Week 11 winner  Shane Whittal, Week 12 winner  Nick Schnepf
Class at 11am, why am I still at the bar ..
shout out to this epic saauuwwwce
If Bo did that and it's wrong, fine, then he's wrong.
I didn't say it was common.
I said precedented.
Happy birthday Chanez!!!
Tramponaline is really fond of their singer :
yeah I'm definitely not sick of it yet :
There was a flash mob christmas carol singing on the streetcar.
I kept waiting for them to turn into wasp people.
18K cards ...not that many entries...
yet.
: But yes, they are beautiful and have been well received!
yes ma'am, just trying to catch up on it.
It's a little bit hilarious.
i can't wait to go shopping tomorrow.:
Eric Church is a moron.
Keith Urban, Miranda Lambert, Carrie Underwood  Blake Shelton aren't real artists?
Go ahead Dixie Chicks ur career
BOTH?
THE FUCK
Welcome Adam  The year's new project here has in fact been learning to cook Indian food; and prowling Devon Ave.
for ingredients!
Snow day!
Family time has been canceled, now I can get down to some work
In need of a lazy day
Diamonds on my neck, call it the ghetto's guillotine.
Yeah me neither....
Then again I really don't give a fuck .
cold.
did it in 2000 on my way back from Australia, 2 weeks.
Auckland big city.
Milford, nice easy hiking plus boat trips on sound
We figured out the products page for BELOW THE BRIM's new lean site...
Stay tuned
Best hm experience ever
I'd like a refund.
I might fuck up just to see if you give a fuck
This movie is crazy
I think it is very important to all actors and models to market themselves, even if they have an agent.
I can teach you how
Today I will talk to as many strangers as possible...
on the internet.
This weekend is going to be friggin hilarious to say the least lol
if you tell him i will legit strangle you and not let go until your coufing up blood .
dont test me.
Let's go Badgers!!
I have super fucking bad heartburn.
Did she just thank Alice in chains?
OPMG will be the stock to watch this week!
yeah, please do.
I've been looking for a way to mix up some of my favorite traditional recipes.
Everyone's Texting me today.
WTF Why?!!!!
Today is a beautiful day.
Have a great day everyone.
Can't decide who I'm more fee on or
Distancing yourself from certain people can be a good thing
Sorry I didn't met you at Bombeck conf.
loved your tips blog  saved your Junction post to read.
I was Bobcat '82/83.
played ball and fell asleep
Giants parade tomorrow.
Arm chair warriors, doofs and doctornks parading on the streets of new york.
Oh and the giants too.
Whoppee.
Not.
Get the dude on the left a helmet and some pads!
Let the quarterback controversy begin!
Browns RT : Cleve going Weeden
thx for follow ing me guys :
you kno I am
thanks for coming out to HighTech HappyHour!
Since no one's following the rules anyway, there's really no rule to break.
Just DO it.
Better to be lucky than good
I wonder why the theory of Nicolas Cage being a vampire makes his sexiness factor more vivid to me?
O.0.hmm.
I'm such a strange, weird girl.
And lo, on the third day, they returned to find the lid had been removed from the cookie jar!
omg!
Good luck!
I created a 500 cal snack pack of beef jerky/almonds/doctored apricots and that helps.
Also, peanut butter...
Same Day Tote Bag Printing at NYC Printing 123.
Customize your Tote Bags to match your style and personality!!!
Call now!!!
Ozzie Guillen suspended 5 gms for Castro comments.
Should be pretty awkward when Cubs' Starlin Castro is introduced in Ozzie's 1st gm back
irene keeps getting down graded...
are we even gonna get any rain?
she does fingers crossed it happens
GayJesus just ruined one of my most favorite songs.
Theme song to the 'Jeffersons'.
ASSHOLE!
I'm telling you it's a good idea.
LOL
Happy mothers day to all the mothers that are following me!
Indeed!
I finally got to meet , the Jason Bourne of ramen.
RT : You don't have to make decisions based just on your gut feelings!
What on earth brought you to PDL?
Thank God for good and strong homeboys!
Black and Miles really just came thru and moved all my furniture for me!
Love, Love, Love them!!!
:
May will be here before we know it.
Looking forward to St.
Thomas!!
Feels so good to sit down
Chicago Bands!!
Open slots on May 26th!
to late
That's the general consensus I seem to be hearing...I am excited :D
Don't I know it!!!
Do you know what my favorite part of the game is?
The opportunity to play.Mike Singletary
Jack left town and left no forwarding addoctorss.
It's just like spongebob  mostly adult humor that kids would never ever get.
Time heals all things?
How much time?
Christofer doctorw is coming to vegas today 3 I wish I could see him again
Thank you!
I'm sorry I couldn't stay but I've been youtubing your music!
We will meet again :
captainin america margarita and a brew lol
Oh Mary Pelle!
You carry so much pain.
I carry a lot.
NFL doctorft Rumors: 4 Possible Trades That Will Shake Up Round 1  Bleacher Report
Jerry York might be a great coach/guy but I would like to see the underdog take this one.
BC has enough.
Give it to FS
Hanging with Dwight at the polls!
RT : Followingback isn't an obligation or courtesy, it's a choice.
Be interesting and engaging, not demanding.
thanks to both of you
...
Just give me a 10 hardback or a 5 eBook and I'm happy.
They can't see that they are not only digging their own grave...
and my the way you look gorgeous in your avi!
:
Today at 4:30 pm in the Gate, First Floor Lounge You've Got a Friend in Me.
FREE PIZZA!
I wish I was a better Tweeter but I am Sofa King BUSY!
lovinlife HUGE Summer of Events coming up!
Stay with me and watch it grow!
I Feel So Close to You Right now
No doubt !!!!!!!
Look on your package that the CD come in that's where you see the 
Orioles have the best record in the MLB today...
o, wa!
Give em' the ol'
I just saw your Out of Office  Feel better!
Dmv on Friday I have 3 openings call me at 7028826007 don't wait in line when the dmv can go to you
you were right, I started squealing as soon as started singing.
They are amazing!
My new love.
3
professorssor Frink, professorssor Frink He'll make you laugh, he'll make you think He likes to run, and then the thing with the...person...
How many of you famous Hollywood actors/actresses,  politicians,  professorssional athletes been inside an ET spaceship?
I'm so excited to meet the new incoming freshman.
I bet they'll be so mature and innocent said nobody ever.
EXTRA hugs to you.
Do you know how wonderful you are?
I don't think so...it's part of your charm
A gorgeous 50F evening ....
the fine print adds feels like 37F
Teamfollowback is gonna get me to 460 followers before today over with
Lord I need your help
my customers name is Way Fong.
believe it or not..hes wayy fun.
lol.
yea..
I'll be at the LA show.
I was informed that Anton just asked for STREAM HELP.
So cool
Depends on the course.
Some, like River Place, have well maintained greens, good fairways.
Others are rough in the winter.
This is my life for the rest of my life .
Because of that, I didn't have time to eat breakfast, and I had to stop and get gas, so I got gas station coffee and mini donuts.
2/2
let's not put on a front for twitter.
Thinking it maybe time once again to really focus on Haskell for personal projects, never felt comfortably fluent there and would like to
train hard baby.
ChestnTri's this morning for me.
The man who views the world at 50 the same as he did at 20 has wasted 30 years of his life.
Muhammad Ali
I busted wynn poker mega in 27th.
I'm going to Five Guys for some deliciously bad for you comfort food.
Like miss plain and boring?
: At first I thought that was a putdown.
here at working cant wait to get the new mytouch lx
good things happen to you for a reason.
So that you happen to others also.
jOHN Lewis class 
Listening to boyfriend has become part of daily routine and watching BOYFRIENDvideo will become part of it too!
Had a dentist appointment at 3.
I was out of there by 3:07.
Absolutely!!
It is going to be fascinating for sure.
I'm personally doctoroling over the new custom shop guitars.
relaxing, and tonight going to champs in Brookfield, meeting up with some friends.
And you?
Temple run.3
The fourth R: algoRithms.
at
Up at the ass crack of dawn for choir tour, of course
I know!
I am so sorry that I started this...
LOL!
If a desire exists, it can be manifested.
I no longer get hung up on what is.
My attitude lines up with what I want, not the absence of it.
Good morning PAKALITES!
Go out of your way to do ONE thing for somebody else today!
Watch how you.ll b blessed!
Follow me!
I know the way!
I have a form they fill out to assess where their business is and what their goals are then through talking
my birthday is on Saturday 
I am excited about using twitter to build links to those who want to talk about youth, media, cities, india and more.
Here I come!!
Thanks for the
They should all become Cowboy Fans!
Dexion has the most extensive range of office cabinets on the market.
I woke up today and wasn't in the mood to run a 400 billion dollar empire anymore  Steve jobs
Frankie Laine was also the first white artist to cross the color line to be on Nat Cole's illfated TV show.
how's the game going from your table
I'm asking him out for you soon!!!!
Here comes the eye or what's left of it.
your welcome hun!
im glad you like it!!!!
Some of the worst mistakes of my life have been haircuts
RT : aw, cute, the anchor baby is worried about her mother who doesn't have papers.
well, honey, your mommy is a lawbreaker
Im MC Hammer about my money...You can't touch this
There's a cashier at our grocery that says, May the good Lord bless you until He comes again to EVERYONE.
It's awkwardly long.
I would be the same way.
It has been a long time since I had kids that young.
sob
Oh geez.
These follow limits on Twitter are bias as hell.
I can only follow 2000??
Not cool...
Hello by Karmin is an unbelievably incredible song.
We're here at ready to speak with eager candidates!
Isn't it time to look at methods that have a chance of helping childoctorn in despair, rather than trying to use the ones proven questionable?
Stage 5 Clinger
Because I can't overdose on music.
are you coming out tonight?
34 with a sacrifice.
3 RBI's.
Triple, double, and a single.
We won 14 to 4.
I was with and
You were on the media list.
It was the Butterfield Conversation.
i see what you did there
I believe the answer is You can't divide by 0!
Not knowing wtf they want until it too late
Finally!
A bollywood category on the verizon wireless ringtone genres
..the hell does it mean when she only text you some hey sweetheart shit once a day, everyday, with no more responses after that?
Happy Birthday!
Weren't they all?
When hovering near the ground, a phenomenon known as ground effect takes place.
lol idk then.
Guess there'd be a problem then...
yes!
DShirt idea right there.
Build a responsive site in a week: media queries
surprised you didn't instagram that tweet
THE TILLMAN STORY: From the NFL to death by friendly firehow one family wouldn't let their son become propaganda.
Dir in person
Who created this page?
don't jinx it lol
Hoping to play at Orange doctorve Miami Beach Music Festival 2012!
Interested in attending?
I would say not at all.
It's very neutral even more so than almonds in my opinion.
Join the Debate  fall for our linkbait hatespeech so we can get our ad revenues up.
sometimes you worry me Robby Bobby
.
Last few guys coming outta GT been pretty damn good!!
They seem to be producing big time WR threats
winningest is not either but the sports media would argue that winningest is American.
Norris the novelist?
Walked 15 blocks to make it.
It will be so worth it.
RT : RHoK panel at SXSW at 5PM in the ATT Conference Center, Salon E.
: Crying doesn't indicate that you're weak.
Sometimes, it just means that you've been strong for too long.
Season 10 of Night Court!
Let's do this!
Hi, Betty, thanks for following
you probably know love rock as flaming damsel, we changed the name at the beginning of the year.
Margarita Madness is going on at The Harp Irish Pub tonight..
only 3 each!
113 E Juneau
Always go Big.
Don't even think about going home....
FIFA or Calc homework..
tough decision
I'm proud of YOU!
You and everyone else did such an amazing job!
Can't wait to see it again 
Just chatted w/ Naomi Pomeroy at Fuller's; I'm totally starstruck!
And in love!
y'all ate having an easier day than me!
But I can't complain about mila kunis and mark wahlberg.
Back in miami : good weekend
Did You Kill Something And Put It In Your Pocket?
Going to the river to take my godson on his first boat ride.
Gonna be a fun day!
hmm, Bacon RT Chicken or Egg???
I wish he did..
RT : If mayweather comes out to bieber's boyfriend imma lose it!!!
Pretty sure snuggle bunny is out cold.
Work has been kicking his ass last couple of days.
Welcome!
Talk to you soon...
who the fuck are you with?!
I just cried a little bit because is following me
Perfecto!
Just had the Posole.
Go get some before they sell out!
Just the right heat to warm you up on these cold days :
Dear God, Thank you for this BEAUTIFUL life  forgive me for taking it for granted.
Amen
kiss ass.
x
I've been a jerk lately.
i'm sorry.
i love you all alot.
i love making you all smile.
It looks like I'll be missing the party on May 21.
Have fun !!!
that place rules!
/via  it really does!!
The email registered to fitbit is unique  i've given it out to nobody else.
Yet, I'm getting spam to it.
Should I send them to you?
one of the only incentives for me to get out of bed in the morning
Congrats to the new Texas Int'l Queens: mister.
TX Int'lRachel Hedstrom, Miss TX Int'lSavannah Sowell  Miss Teen TX Int'lBriana Daughtry!
Check out for live tweets of my talk in Newton this evening.
Blake GriffinALMOST the same amount of dunking power as the Reignman.
Nice to see him putting it on the Thunder.
love you
Huge welcome to Sarah Heilman, our new partner!
Sarah comes to ELE with a wealth of editorial experience and an eye for great genre work.
come to phoenix please!!!
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it.
Gonna lay down my burden .
.
Inverse Delirium!
Don't go to until Saturday  it's closed thru Friday while work is done on the kitchen.
New menu expected when it reopens.
Familyreunion doctornk choices require careful consideration.
Cola's the norm.
Don't forget caffeinefree/diet beverages.
I wanna sleep.
TRAFFIC: Crash  SB I39 just south of Portage  Ramp blocked at Hwy O.
i cant watch the VMAs cuz my powers out...
Lml...
Ah
And it's mine!!!
In August...
Damn college kids coming back!!!
Lol.
It's a good day!
I need to practice more lol and plus I wanna go for my birthday haha
I was confused  about to ask you what was wrong with that phrase...
familiar to me but that doesn't mean the grammar's correct.
Looking for a retail corporate buying merchandising marketing job I am fluent in 2 languages  flexible in traveling relocating
Anytime.
Yours is the alternate spelling of my name that most often ends up on my Starbucks cup.
I feel a solidarity somehow.
What is 'real' art?
I prefer the cartoony over realistic stuff.
If I wanted to see real stuff, i'd watch a movie.
they are adorable!!!
!!!RT : Difference between Lakers fans and u other bandwagons is even if you loose we STILL gon rep MUTHAFUCKIN LAKERS BITCH!
How confusing!
So, you're with two underscores...and you also love uni...love life?
Thanks for the follow miss.
I am currently now addicted to Camel Menthols.
I love the taste when you pop the ball too
i just invited a bunch of people to blackgrad2012 and realized i forgot some.
i've been so blessed w/ community it doesn't even make sense
Chris Kreider is playing excellently tonight
RT if you are done with Christmas shopping
I want to say something but have no one to say it to, therefore Twitter will have to do
It's our pleasure!
And thank you for all your support in our group as well :o
familyguy is the best
I think its safe to say there aren't enough days in the weekend.....take advantage and come chill poolside at The Fly!!
Thnxs 2 my new followers,,, and
that moment when someone you dont hate likes your confessions status but you dont want to be mean so you cant think of anything to say..
There's a tournament wrapping up somewhere today!
ew thats disgusting.
don't even kid about that
and they are playing less then impressive too.
It's going to be an interesting game I think.
I expect Barca to smash.
That last tweet, a ff, should have included , a wonderful educator and novelist.
I'd give up aannyytthhiinngg just to have you here again.
i need to see your smile and hear your jokes.
Thanks SJ, we're happy to help!
StudyOn RT studytime Thx for the resources.
Great study app for iPhone!
I GOT LION KING TOO!!!
SESSIONS WITH A SLAMMA JAMMA DING DONG.
AND THEN KOBE WITH A DOWNTOWN THREE
Oh, that wasn't a bug.
It was a baby bat.
Thank gawd
Started out hustlin ended up
Positive people encourage negative people.
In short, education should cater to meet the needs of the individual, not a standarized curriculum.

talked with Commissioner David Stern.
His comments about possible nba return to Seattle 930pm , 11pm KONG
so adorable!
Find The Bright White on Spotify!
Lol we are so bourgeois
I'm downloading chocolate factory again when I get off
Go B's
Workout...
Jamba Juice...
Church...
: My sisters boyfriend  .
.
.
He is perfect for her and I actually like him!
this juss sounds gay Ryan lol sorry
has arrived in Omaha...get to tonight from 68pm or tomorrow 24pm free tastings
I never realized that about my blog's initials.
They are unintentional, moderately embarassing, and totally awesome.
Ever want an inside look at MLB Advanced Media and the AtBat app?
Here it is!
How do I enter the raffle?
Tonight's discussion will be moderated by Jason Hardebeck Tweet us your questions and comments!
I bet out there makinem look BAD
I'm beginning to wish I had...
: cc:
Go follow for me:
Yes.
yes you do
Having a Sam Adams across the street from where he was buried!
8/14 days left :D graduation/anniversary :
Hey Bill.
how have you been?
Happy Aloha Friday to you too!!
Hope its the start of the a GREAT weekend!
We just stopped at the gas station and just said do you have any almonds?
the lady said the fuck is that?
wow hahaha
Ain't been in the streets in a minute but I might slide to G5five to checkout
Congratulations to Tess Andoctorws of the Southeast Regional Library in Garner, NC!
You are the winner of Big City Carpet Contest!
I'd forgotten about Genmaicha and now have to have some ASAP!
Thanks for the reminder.
Merry Christmas to all, and to all a good night!
Wait...
did not see this coming..
Nice plug Quiznos !
tennis bracelet?
Who do you think we are, real estate agents?
Try again.
We had every kind of processed, cured meats that we have now, such as bologna, hot dogs and ham
niggaz think they hot but they really not smh
same here good night.
I'm not righting it off until 10 December.
After all, Sao Paulo and Dubai were surprises.
Totally agreeing!!:
Thanks for an awesome night!
So much talent in here.
We had a great time!
Front Desk Friday: Writing grant proposal 4 UV blocking film 4 some of doors and windows.
Baked docent not a gr8 1st impression 4 visitors.
NP  Musical Youth  Pass The Dutchie  YES!!!!!
there's not enough coffee in the world to wake me up today...it's one of those days.
I just got twitterpated.
She didnt remember.
2 hours of my life i wont get back.
Atleast i saw channing tatums ass
Thank you for happiness !
RT : Hey hey hey, it's WienerWednesday!
Come in and get ANY dog for 5!
Trying hard to get it all ready for 2012.
thank you for sharing.
This is an amazing article.
Oh God, food poisoning.
I think I see the white light.
Truths I've learned on Twitter: Don't mess with Texas...Or Packers fans.
Happy Leap Day Year!
Blame It On The Rain3
It was just a Hey!
As in hello.
Hola.
Sua s'dei.
Salut.
Sain baina uu?
That's all.
Hope things are swell in Minnesota.
Lmfaoo you mad
O I love my Mamma's...
They R the sentimental favorite!
Jabs : RT : I'm not even in MN  I know it's all jabs team,
Spray tanning is recommended by the American Academy of Dermatologists!
Hitachi 2TB Touro Desk Pro Desktop Hard doctorve  hitachi
CFA 07 is June 30.
More details will soon be posted.
But, in the meantime, how are you gearing u for the big show?
did you doctorp the andoctorid version yet?
Can't find it.
killingmesmalls :

Couldn't agree more!
First standing ovations ever at the Oslo National Academy of the Arts production pf fassbinder's garbage the city and death J
From Chicago!
any idea for cause of accident ?
Day two in NYC, scheduled visits done.
Conference time.
Time to network and meet some new peeps!
wondering if I should update to iOS 5.1?
Best part about camping
All I want is a text from him saying how much he misses and loves me .../3
We miss you  would love to see you again!
megan good wit a video full of white girls makes no sense dont be a rapper all yo life
have you been to any of those places before?
will you be kid free?
So, Baby Aziz ain't happening?
But always remember this: Jobs was the head of the world's richest company two months before he died.
His money couldn't save him.
what kind of wings did you have from pdx Fire on the Mountain?
that's the Paula Deen.
Guaranteed to make u insulin dependent.
95 of the people rooting for OKC are LAKER HATERS and I'm PROUD to be apart of the 95...
Thanks!
I was wondering about that ;
SpazmO!
says hello!
Indy was my home for 4 years!!!
It's a great city!
I know you'll have fun!!!
Have a doctornk or two or three for me!!!!
Mwauh!!!!!
been awake for 18 1/2 hours today..
uhh, i think it's time for bed.
We'll find out when if she can't ever leave the house again.
Maybe she's a medium though.
Unfortunately that phishing scam has been making the rounds on Twitter for awhile now.
Glad you were able to resecure your account!
Lol man Im starting to hate nigerian food..
I need some American in my stomach..

Thanks for featuring YoungeHollywoodBlast in the Backstage40 Digest yesterday!
And now spontaneously off to the concert.
This weekend keeps getting better and better.
Wigs are being split in Houston as we speak.
The guy next to me in class smells like straight cigs.
Yep I'm for sure leaving class early now 

Enjoy our featured artists Rocco  Rahj on Smooth Jazz Beach Radio!
Where The Jazz Is Always Smoother!
I am convinced digestion is the great secret to life.
It's too bad sports stadiums are designed around a gameday experience and moneysucking instead of the game.
Ran into some of the folks from Giant beginning the move.
Welcome to the neighborhood!!
when you graduate from grad school
And to the person who bought food on to the plane it smells like sick!
:
other tragedies of the day: my grammar.
alamw12 alise12 ugh.
i know denzel just said the same thing but i aint gun sing nun
June 20th at The Conservatory.
For first time, highway bill specifically mentions 'teen safety' thanks to
she was very sassy!
Sounds like a good time RT Ready and waiting!
:
and College Tour 2012 EVENT in MIAMI BEACH ...LETS GET THIS GOING!
GET AT ME
maybe u can write about Mathieu and Marie..
but that's not that interesting
Its a warm 14 degrees in in denver co
Google's Valentine doodle this morning is ADORABLE!
Talk to your doc/nutritionist to find out what you're lacking.
Balance should help regrow your hair if deficiency was the cause.
The English lads are having a sing song at The Queen Vic.....come down for your Sunday roast
Save The Date: Sat 2/18.
Special Beer Sommelier and Chef Brunch!
get your ass to the library and give me some of that asian smartness for Physics.
Come out to CannonCoffee this Saturday for an evening of coffee, music, and community!
do not think when you have everything, it was the perfect thing for you
Let the dog out of the vagina so she can pee
no but will thanks for the suggestion
enjoyed my first BL video workout  AWESOME!!!
Power outage means all this weekends games must be replayed next week.
I miss your show Big Life..Good to see you on DWTS though...Go get him girl!!
Reserve October 7th Learn  Breakfast to hear Honeywell FMT's story how they've earned the highest recognition for excellence in USA.
yeah I got an arcade room
First peppermint mocha of the season!!
you have it all except chicken n waffles.
;
Fitness Fact: Exercise causes your body to release endorphins, which make you feel
And I complained about about Cleveland weather??
2 O' Clock has been the longest of them all ...
New Orleans' first Mardi Gras celebration was held in
now u are :p
lol yup.
Even now to every person I talk to I'm not that talkative to.
Unless its someone I know and like.
Sorry to see you go Brandon.
Thanks for all the great moments you provided us here in the D.
We will always consider you to be one of us!!
Guess who needs a carpel tunnel arm brace.
ok what the fuck.
i give up.
this isn't even worth it.
my videos suck  less than half of my susbcribers even watch them anyway.
Who NY Giants win!
It was funny how this kid randomly was like , You have dimples Selena ?
Aww :D  Lol.
Mmmhm .
?
leaving in less than 16 hrs..i should probably start packing
Thank you for the 20,000!!
check at SHINE!
We are so grateful for your support!
looking through a magazine in el Salvador..
It said he was the new bieber and I got mad.
Ha I don't care for the biebs anymoree
Merry Christmas to you, too!
The whole family is going over to my parents', as soon as we get situated.
Good times.
Has a new favorite thing....
Korean BBQ!
So fun and tasty!
I wonder if CHICAGO will Riot if PUNK loses?
Will do !
Thanks..
What's the deal?!
Just back from work.
Home alone.
Can only mean another take out pizza from the consistently superb Marinara extra anchovies.
Now Way!
Those are amazing!
if you missed submitting your journal, doctorp journal 4 in the journal 5 doctorp box for partial credit.
Is it to early to make love in Lex?
Maybe
hahaha.
silly munkee.
I thought you were running again?
Chongas and Tennis Shoes 
This game is all over the place!
Peace Why Allah!
No you have to go for me man
Post production fine tuning at the studio.
Live dates are coming, we promise.
you're a gentleman!
thanks for the love Mike.
Mom was amused.
I told her she gets two Mother's Days this year.
:
In Candide, no one gets out without a merciless jab or two.
Omw to see stinky :
Dang everyone I'm texting is doctornk.
I could never have imagined that TMobile would have been such a blessing for our daughter!
Feeling so blessed and grateful!
More for the speech bubble: : we want to continue the Collegiate Readership Program and pay for the research symposium.
CV4G
Playing live on this Weds, Aug 17 6pm.
Duets with yes!
sounds kind of fascinating to me.
no?
when can i get down with the team?
I've been so productive today!
Hell yeah, he leaving now on a helicopter, he was signing autographs for a min
yeah I'm good now  she good too
My delight!
Great  varied discussion re: jobs, taxes, budgets, Chelsea's Law, etc.
Wish everyone could hear your solutions.
I lovee and i think he should follow me: 3
I heartily agree, thank goodness for we are almost up to date here
Slam by YES YES YES
Thanks for the RT!
Love that we both have the same interest in being of service to kids.
Peace my man
Was the email from someone's parental unit?
Like how I cried for 3 weeks while you were in MN?
i wouldn't trust myself doctorving down any road at age 85.
I kno he got it cause he lookin' at me like he want it 3
Ahh Young Love 3 Its So Beautiful
editing 's talk from last week in the SLab.
SUCH a great talk!
Can't wait to get the podcast out for everyone.
getit thanks, rick!
bringing those envelopes out right now...
that sure will get u more girls tho...everyone loves a hot model ; lol
I don't know what I'm more upset about, saying bye to my friends or saying bye to chopt
Happy Birthday !!!
VDay weekend in Vermont with my love 3
2004 Tandem Zin can't wait
Not leaving until this rain stops
Fear factor is freaking disgusting...
Why is it 100 degrees in only my room?
Fuuuuuuuh
Such A Nice Day Out!
sings in your ears ace ace ace ace ace ace ace you want me to tell ma mama you love ma hair??
ahahahah quoets from de song
I love idea: If you're not sure about honoring or condemning Paterno, consider donating to a charity that protects childoctorn.
In wisn12 morning meeting talking story ideas..1 thought is gas prices doctorpping.
What have you paid lately?
Twitter peeps GET early request in for  on RIGHT NOW!
What songs you need at 5p?
LMAO!
I just finished watching it with my mom.
Yeah, she bothers me as a person and I felt bad for Keisha.
He brought his cat to practice?
Yeah.
Yeah, he's gay.
lmao, oh DaddyJackson 3
Well obviously I need to stay up to talk to you on twitter duh
I Just Got Off The Phone Wit Rell, He In Kentucky Deed Right Now.
ℱℴℓℓℴω always interesting
Flopping back and forth between DODGERS 
Loving can cost a lot but not loving always cost more Merle Shain
Can someone point me to the part of 's budget where he says what special interest tax loopholes it closes?
SwaggyB really going to do work later in Canton!
Winners always want the ball.
No exception to that rule.
It's true in football, in business, and in life.
So much for the Indians leaving their injury woes in 2011.
Haven't played a game yet and Sizemore and Perez are already hurt.
HAHA!
Tiff is sleepy!
This is what she gets for staying up with someone who has Insomnia!
Haha:
Just finished breakfast and now we're getting ready for the first practice of the day
please do NOT follow , just report him for spam.
Please report for spam because he is a spammer and a big baby
Good Lawd!
I just saw this tweet Ebony.
OMG!
Maclin's new protege.
Hip Hop is not 1 hit wonder songs, its a way of life!!!
its a CULTURE that i grew up to love...I will keep it alive...
I really wonder where people or how they find my instagram....
imageisamount
Ugh, I can't go back to sleep.
All these great deals on the market is right ontime , get in where ya fit in.
Korsakov is my favorite brand of vodka!
much better than Sudden Death.
Haha.

I was thinking of you, too!
Is the silent doctorll event still on today despite the rain?
it's funny what can result when you hate the world ;P
Some 'Rest' day this turned out 2 b....7 appts on 3hrs sleep.
Cash games already popping, see you when you get here RT : On my way to Aruba early for the ..should be an epic trip :
I've been watching too much Punk'd so I'm punking a friend on Monday!
May 15 ish.
How bout you?
its never late for anything!
Fuck it, i'm turning in my English report on Friday.
I'm so tired
I know!
It was a very cool moment to sit down with him and have him answer everyone's Qs.
Yes, you definitely would!
I have been enjoying way more my mac mini since i bought an appl keyboard and mouse!
girl girl girl GIRL !!
I GOTTA TALK TO YOU LBVS
how's the new kiddo bud?
Hope alls well, enjoy the offseason!
and this kid thought that geographically America was as big as Africa, because they 'looked the same on the map'
15 minutes later I ask myself what I am watching.
CAN'T WAIT TILL PRANKSTARS!!
Just bring as many people as you possibly can
My copy of Marshall's book came today.
Can't wait to read.
Let the JLB book club begin!
itz bout to b GrimeySeason all ova again.Summer an Winter but for 2012 it mite jus b yearround jus kuz i feel like tearin shyt up dis year
Eating watermelon like my life depended on it.
LOL
Just made a gifboom
Confidence on the outside begins by living with integrity on the inside
check yo email, dude!
just signed up for the fall league of KICKBALL, so so excited!
you took your time to call .
i took my time to fall
This dudes presentation is about to be less insightful than charles barkley calling a womans field hockey match
Today's Fun Fact: The Wright brothers' first flight was shorter than the wingspan of a Boeing 747.
We're finishing this week with a bridal  starting off next week with a child portrait sesh  finishing it with a maternity sesh.
i dm'ed you
Check out our new promotion at www.giveadaygetanight.com
lol maybe a bit
Enjoy your time in Ocean City!
James Maddock  Chance  06:48 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Omg I feel so high society at this golf course.
lol.
DJ Premo mixing it up at a wedding in the party room of a golf course.
Sounds like world war in mister Wallace's class  me and are just sitting here on our phones.
Sloan and I wish you and yours a very happy, adventurefilled Valentine's Day!
Low Battery, connect charger!
Um, you're a smart phone, connect yourself.
I always use hand sanitizer.
Why wash your hands and then touch that awful, germy bathroom door?
:
Checking in  Fairgrounds in NO for the 10th Race of Louisiana Derby!
Got my eye on a few Derby hopefuls like Mark Valeski  Cigar St.
Off to the pretty beach to boogie board!
:D
I know I've been slacking with my daily words of wisdom but I got some for you today that's sure to improve your day  lift your spirits
Flu season peaks late in MN.
Dozens of Edina School kids feeling the effects  9:20on Fox 9.
sorry, I sent that from the wrong account.
I always do that.
XD lol it's
oh really?
BTW, self submit on LACasting, I've booked that way even WITH an agent.
You need to show a commercial reel, 1 is ok
Easiest.
Interview.
Ever.
is it always like that??
I'veBeenToChicagoButIForgot :
tech2012 revolving door between companies and law enforcement.
Google and ATT look to government for biz; bad incentives to coop
I hate it when dj's say this is grown folks music, then bleep out all suggestive lyrics.
Ain't shit grown about a censored song, sir...
OF COURSE.
Gotcha.
;
If i ever stop fucking with you its because you stop fucking with me
Reception a great success!
50 ppl.
registered for WALK, City National Bank and Newark Museum there to support!
Special thanks to Loft 47!
Good luck!
miss you too bella
RT : ACTION ALERT: Hillcrest Pride Flag project to reviewed by City Council on May 15
THRESHOLD PHARMACEUTICALS ANNOUNCES POSITIVE PHASE 2B CLINICAL TRIAL RESULTS OF TH302 IN PATIENTS WITH PANCREATIC CANCER
Alright don't text me back then

Ur Twitter feed just came across Field.
I still keep up with you.
How much Facebook stock are you buying up?
Happy Birthday : hope you'er having a great one
haha they entertained me alright :3
No school.
Quince Pictures:D
Nap time
Headed over to manayunk brew pub for PAMA networking happy hourhope to see you there tweeties
Yup.
Things seem to be going my way :
Love the sound of rain
appreciate you RT's!!!
did you see connors prom pictures?
WHAT A NUGGET
Oy.
Sometimes I tweet political things and then remember I hate people who do that.
Mea culpa.
I deleted it.
how is it there cause I want to check it out?
I've heard a lot of good reviews so far
Really?
My school was messed up then.
hope your trip to the WI north woods was lifechanging;.
Can't wait to see the vids you produce.
Finished your expert setup.
I hope you like it.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
RT the terrorists won on that one
God knew not to give me a bubble butt cause id bounce tht shit all the time..
but it still doesn't stop me
I beleive you get something later in the season too...
Right David?
oh really I did not know
I need numbers new phone no contacts message me with the number or if you got it text me
Thank you, thank you verrr much
YOU are beautiful.
Never forget that.
I'm hooked on TheHungerGames!
Love love love!
Handwriting specialist!
This kid.
That was good.
If anyone would like to see the email I would be happy to cut and paste...wait let me do it
The KCA's were awsome last night it was so cute and funny when got slimed :P ge is so Awsome
congratulations Auntie Crystal  fam!
We won't be publishing any articles this week so if you have any questions make sure you tweet us!
To say the least...
: I'm intrigued.
wasn't him in the picture.
good mornin hustla's....
make it a great day man
I didn't know mister Phillips, but anyone who volunteered in the name of music is alright by me.
np Here's To Life
Doing my unique dance squirmy thing giggle
pagliacci redemption!
hit the farmers market for cherries, tomatoes, corn, purple peppers : quinoa summer salad for dinner.
yum.
praying all the way from Chicago!
:
Yup.
Both games.
You?
my mother's explanation of bigomaha should be included on some kind of testimonial site.
Can you make it happen?
Ha
Ooohh...okay.
Gotcha...thanks 4 helping me out : My husband  I have been tryin to figure that out...lol.
Thanks!
:
youknowyoucanpitch if the other team's coach doesn't like you.
Just a reminder that we are closed today, but look forward to seeing you again throughout the rest of the week!
It's virtual Friday.
Hopefully the day won't doctorg on too slowly.
bye bye collision crew, we all saw this coming.
Fanny Pak always wins the battle unfortunately
Hey  The Heavy Guilt Duo will be at Viper Lounge on 4/1  10:30pm still looking for full band show.
VEGAS!!!!!!
Thanks for the add!
Have you checked out the new bartab 2.0 app?
Its live in LV too!
RT : I think the horse from War Horse is doctornk Oscars tweetroast They wouldn't let it in until it took off the horse costume
yesterday hung out with nick, travis , seth, stephanie, hunter, haley, john , cole, shawn , and u cant forget sam love him .
Ok.
Working in the morning, for mother's day.
Yay me...
not goodnight twits x
Oh, we will be loaded for jokes on Saturday
missed tackles by Timmons/Farrior and Worlds is awful
aww, the kitty looks like my munchkin!
get in to our FloridaCentralTheater this Wednesday to MEET from AmericanIdol Listen for ALL 5 songs on 2nights
ok stay there i'm on my way
aw feel better soon!
that sounds awful.
what happened?.catch the nastiest flu out there?
nice to connect!
Seems like we enjoy the same passions!
getting the party started..
Come by and have some doctornks with the Crew..
Up just think bouta how all niggas period is grimy..
You cant find notta good nigga around...
That sucks!
miss you boys !
have funn and get shitty at dayglow..no doubt in my mind you wont.
come visit son please!
Thank you for the FF on Friday!!!
the last guy I went out with was my type.
I'm just a mess apparently.
hahahaha not me!
Thanks for the props.
Learned from the best.
is amazing and have the most delicious food come test after work our TACO special,The Fish taco it's one of my feviroet !
That's so cute!
Makes me wish I had a flower girl!
And people who kiss ass, make me feel sorry for them.
Tornado warning was scary.
Glad for today's warmish weather.
haha I thought you would like it :
I went out and saw the Advengers it was an amIng movie!
I might be out there in either June or July :!
Im following you now and also you know ?
Sarah Wilson: Tourgee's A Fool's Errand produces textual simulation of a forum inviting ideological conflict.
Gettin ready for the big show tomorrow, whos ready to party?
mos def let me know what you have in mind....
are you in the D.C.
area?
Oh man both of you guys could use calf implants.
Worked for the Governator
Gah  twitter on my phone is getting slow maybe it needs an update :/
What a lovely thing to say, thank you!
not bad, what about you?
Coming up on the today, at 3:45 and at 6.
: Having pizza for dinner..makes you forgot about anything that might of pissed you off earlier......
This is true!
We want simple rules for a complex world.
It just doesn't work that way.
Not always.
not fooling with that madness...
He got me scared to check twitter after dark!
did you hear running, running, I think that's the name.
Thanks, Johannes!
20ThingsAboutMe i speak whats on my mind
Your Turkish/Filner story seems to just be race bating.
Either expand it or retract it as complete trash.
According to Amazon, I've ordered Arguably: Essays by Christ.
You know, or Christ...opher Hitchens.
But nice try, Amazon.
Very cute.
I feel like you are roughly 5 years ahead of the curve with most things.
she actually said ugly on the inside.
damn shame you aint talk to me so SMH!
Chicks named Kiesha, Tiffany, Brittany, Jazmine, Ashley  Tymika are always up to no good.
Thank you for speaking your mind in Too bad you had to apologize for speaking
thanks man!
i'll tell you said WHAT UP
new book Reddy coming: rights of gays comes w/ racial subtxt.
who R 'worthy' subjects?
Here comes prescriptive
thanks ash!
follow our personal's guys?:.
None of my friends are ever there anyways.
I'm not buying you the jersey!
that offer expired...
if they win the cup MAYBE
Thanks have u run it?
LETTERS START WITH ABC NUMBERS START WITH 123 MUSIC STARTS WITH DOREMI LOVE STARTS WITH YOU AND ME 
A great message to everyone with tweens and teens.
This age is HARD!!

why not a post about leveraging HARP2 for SS listings.
ive taken over 40 harp apps, half qualify, the others ss
wait...I missed a post?
shit.
url?
Engineer is the back up plan so guess I better pay attention in Math and Sciences at least
also, this great phrase: misterManfredi is known as an outspoken and radical museum director.
oh wow that's an awesome looking picture!!
Umm I ate alittle to much :x my belly hurts :
This term has been the hardest so far in terms of grading.
Giving insightful comments on hundoctords of UI designs is really tough to do right.
WOW my Boston Cheap Guy account has a 35 Klout score.
has a 50 Klout score, but he's got
There is so much misinformation abt breast cancer funding.
I know cancer funders who think they shldnt fund bc b/c everyone else is.
Basketball with jerry and errrbody at the civic center and I gotta say this hair cut is feelin good but its still too short
Whos down to Rock with us and our buddies Craving Strange and Nick Tangorra at Operation Hero?
Let me tell you something that is super fun...getting thrown into a meeting by yourself when you no idea what the meeting is about
Just finished reading book 3 of 2012.
Running the Books by my cousin Avi Steinberg.
Funny, touching, scary, really great!!
No, You're AWESOME!
Ah, but now you can.
With recharged batteries ;
I want to go shopping I haven't spoiled myself.
Raydar Ellis jamming w/ Jason Lindner  Igmar Thomas Group
Why You Tryinn!!
To Talk Aboutt Her Face You Didnt Look in The Mirror Dis Mornin
Q5 We use it instead of beef in spaghetti sauce, chili, burgers, on pizza, in casseroles: possibilities are endless!
The Who  Baba O'riley
Gotta get my minds rite today can't fuck up my speech
Florida State to Big 12 would be a great addition if it happens.
thank you Nance, I'll let you know when I know...
Tyson Chandler a monster dwn n da paint
nice legs Jamie
First time at firehouse subs
Mayor Bloomberg At UNC Commencement 2012: NC Gay Marriage Vote Sets Back Civil Rights: CHAPEL HILL, N.C.
New York City Mayor Micha...
of course timon !
x
Going in after this , i'm tired .
Truly today someone talked about giving up chocolate because of child worker abuses in the industry.
And I said  buy Askinosie!
yeah I thought so lol.
Up for sehri?
Athletes who achieve breakthrough perf.
say that its effortless,.
Flow or zone is a state where athletes act w/o thinking.
Thx for the follow Always there!!!
she loves that movie.
So sing it to her tomorrow lol
You've got that right!
And to my delight, my little guy already LOVES books.
Life aint all that bad listen to music it helps
Congrats to all of this year's bowl teams, you've had a wonderfully mediocre season.
You will surely tell your grandchildoctorn about the...
wreck on west bound 24, just past Divide.
Traffic stopped.
Roads getting very icy!
Come to AZ and run the show at point, play with a ton of talent, hang with a ton of female talent of the court and go to final 4
Curious how will Barbara Stripling incentivize crossdivisional collaboration within ALA?
Are you presenting  scip2012?
On a brighter note, combining two things I love works wonders.
Fantastic cinema and baseball.

2 of best snarkiest men on Bravo.This WWHL will be taped,watched by Claynation.Claynation is nation of claymates
Happy Saturday!
Enjoy 10 off all FamilyRentals!
You're welcome tweeps!
If u can't respect urself, Wtf makes u think a guys gonna respect u....
Meech Dogg JUICED UP on youtube
Pretty good stuff huh?
So smart that we have school tomorrow during a boiling alert.
Found this interesting too.
Doesn't take into consideration other types of intelligence
Wheres My girls at!?!
I have never actually had ginger ale or seltzer water, very interested to try the Seagrams flavored seltzer waters!
I Look forward to your tweets!
This Courtney girl on the bachelor is fit but she knows it.
DESIGN is EVERYTHING is DESIGN
Another chance to with and this Friday at the Republic from 69pm!
go ask someone nicely.
make friends!
Jesus tapdancing christ, Craigslist is this jarring mix of nice clueless people and exploitative shitcocks.
Def time to go to sleep .
Goodnight 
LOL.
I'm guilty of posting food pics and RT's for sure!!!
I want a truck for my birthday..
or a dirt bike.
I'm not expensive at all am I?;
like today?!
:/
a lil birdie
WI Shooters White, GB Gunners, WI Blaze, WI Wizards and WI Shooters Red 17U teams to play in Chicago Spring Classic this weekend in Waukegan
thanks for the follow.
Interesting idea you have here.
Lots of success.
dirtyjokethursday Q.
What's the difference between your wife and your job?
A.
After five years your job will still suck.
Shazzam!
I remember when I was a kid , the best way to make me shut up was I'm telling your mom lol
man if i see another nigra put thats that shit i dont like after something 
skips pass chief keef verse
mayor resigns amid tax fraud but cat fighting doctornk Nassau Co commish chair still in office
lol you're coming with me to AA haha
Good luck !
xoxo
Tf.
Why are my pajamas wet?
i hate you i am from argentina i hate you cerdena you are a pig
Bravo for your courage to be a loving witness in the face of so much dehumanizing exploitation abt Whitney's doctorg addiction.
RT : Thanks to Highlight I now know the names, job titles and addoctorsses of every hot girl on the
oh right...wow..totally forgot lol
24 hour auto correct challenge!
Don't its auto correct figure 24 hours.
Good luck
Need a massage ASAP
today....sucked some major fruit loops :/ yea its time for me to listen to some black veil brides : thanx 3
Me: Do I look pretty?
Brother: Is that a trick question?
Pianos Become The Teeth always give me that depress feeling of death.
I like it.
If you have an hour and a half you can spare each week I highly recommend volunteering for I am swimming in happiness.
:
I love Austin more then I love food.
And if you know me like my friends do, you'll know that I love food alot :
Fun fact Yellow Star is also the name of an episode from the hentai Cool Devices.
kyderby adventure starts now.
Going to be big.
ff : miss you grace!
i hope you're well : xx
SenWarneratUMW Everyday we don't pay the debt is added money that you will have to pick up
back in the saddle.
In the test kitchen now.
Working on Glutenfree scrapple!
Anybody out there interested???
We may need taste testers!
These new shoes I bought are perfect for the bedoctorom...the heel can be perfectly placed on a man's shoulder lol
Well is ignoring me!!
She passes too!!
Bo!
hehehe if the sub's not frustrated then it's either not been on long enough or too long and he's given up.
you're slacking...
You should of been started.
Happy Mother's Day !
Hope you have a special day!
Leading people is the hardest part of any business.
Its National Scrabble Day...do I need to spell it out for you??
Live Healthy!!
It's a great day to get back on the workout train!
That's a good one!
And, AMTA initiative too
The autos owe Wilbur a lot of money.
If they fail, he will have a rough time.
We may also.
Tough medicine.
Entire world haha i can't tweet with no glasses on!

lol you know how we do.
Global Careers at Pfizer  Pfizer: the world39;s largest researchbased ...
good luck on your next step in life!
It's meant for people not to be scared.
what you ask?
ufc.
lol yeah  did u see the pic tht was supposedly her?
Congrats to JMS481 for finishing our SLPs and being almost done with semester!!
Feels so good :
GOODNIGHT ALL BACK ON THE GRIND EARLY AGAIN !!!
miss you too bb girl 3
Dinner  Netflix wit my luv  3
you have a bf now!?!!
Is this the puppy that had distemper?
I was hoping she'd make it through.
Yes!
Turns out the Dopplebock is a collaboration brew, and we have it on right now!
Nøgne Ø / Ægir Kollaborator Doppelbock
Is there such a thing a violent malaise?
I think I have that.
I came to realize I'm too young to be just focused on one nigga , specially if he ain't worried bout me .
About to fly to Salt Lake City when surprises me  we're going to see again in June!
stoked :
hahaha oh I wish I went to your school
In pain ugh idk how people get tattoos ugh!
This above all: To thine own self be hydoctorted.
Hey!
Where's the freaking Barroom Chronicles?
It's Tuesday already!
If pleasing people is your goal, you will be enslaved to them.
Austin I Lovee Youu SO Much:, Please Follow Me!?!
Please You Will Make ME tHE hAPPEST gurl ever if you jus click tht button
Calm, dammit.
Calm.
really?
I thought you hated me now :D
Welcome and thanks SO much to all the new members here on my RN site!!!
Please enjoy the songs, videos, blog updates and photos!!
:
Moving is not fun gives stress like a divorce or a death in the family.
I am a professorssional.
Make life easier.
Call me.
817.975.9222
Happy easter everyone.
I got boney bones from the bunny.
that cold need a check up
lol then tweet me when you can.!:
I did not factor in Playoff basketball when I signed up for a night time class.
new site, new design, similar in my mind.
much needed overhaul, great looking new site err design :
S/O too all my followers
we upload, I don't know how they decide from there.
I think really anything with a national/broad state focus
kyle mahorney needs to stop singing , he sucks !
Must remind myself even though it is my Friday it is not actually Friday and I must finish a ton of work.
An Evening with Mark Francis is this Sunday, March 25th at 7:30PM in Johnson 200.
We look forward to seeing everyone there!
When Is SoListen Video Coming Out.!: Been Watching BoyFriend!!!
Just added NEMESYS to the bill along with Codec Band and AT TIDE WE SAIL.
One more band to be announced soon!
Can't wait for this show!
Oh God please let Justin bring that sexy as fuck hip thrust on the Believe tour.
Longfellow I light my candle from their torches
So prom ready it's not even funny lmao
New at the bar: Aberlour highland single malt Scotch whisky
You can't have everything, where would you put it?
: Thought me and wouldn't be able to top our last performance..
But it's about to happen please share.
Heading into the weekend  new paintings, new energy, and the hint that a revitalized spirit in all may take seed
congrats on an amazing 2011.
Cheers to 12!
Is it funny that Humphrey Bogart looks like a Mexican in TheTreasureoftheSierraMadoctor?
Carrie Underwood, Taylor Swift Go Platinum
I think it is fair to call the Zercher Harness the great equalizer.
loving the MSNBC debate....
woot woot for another election
What should I tell the assistant director who tells me no photos please when I'm trying to get a shot of Springbreakers?
The life of the law has not been logic; it has been experience.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr
just crushed UFC press conference.
LOLOLOLOL reaching for the belt when they hand it to the champ for the photo ops at the end
Thank you for your help!
it's on NBC sports
I just don't understand what I did to deserve what happens to me.
What is wrong with me.
Great, thanks.
just hoping to get the early registration dis.
Come get pierced by Ruben !
I love it!
So weird  cool.
Blooms every year for me.
What a good little orchid.
Happy Easter!
Thanks for the ad!!

Proud of everyone here in Chicago and our family in KC.
A season as we know is a book with many chapters.
.
Please tell me more about Project Blue America.
doctor Google was silent!
Please continue to hold for the next available operator....
On the phone and on Twitter
Get refreshed with a 22 Brazilian Bikini Wax at Viva Brazil
Taking surgar over Jones!
Will see?
idoctortherhave a positive outlook on life
In USA people use Facebook to protest changes to Facebook
Hey Dan!
What's up?
Jamile McGee Seaon 1
Tune into for on Monday, February 6 at noon.
Tyler Gearhart will talk with about Endangered Maryland.
lmho lol thatz just like my bff lyric she luvs you so much shed jump off billions of dollars just for your face add meher pz
is NOT incest because we aren't related at least not by blood only by souls who were once part of the same family
IfYouReallyLikedMe u know I don't play that BullShit
answer your phone..
Yes!
If you don't you'll regret it later.
The ant is knowing and wise, but he doesn't know enough to take a vacation.
Clarence Day
Groundhog day is the perfect complement to a snowy day in Chicago.
Dont forget your booties cause it's cold out there today!
Would a visit to Magnolia Cafe help?
Might head there in a bit for some eats.
Time is of the essence indeed.
Can you imagine?
Allah swears by it!
I don't think that is a spoiler if you saw the preview.
:p
hit me up with some free stuff!
Hardest thing about owning a is Mondays.
Wishing I was back incollege and could boat all week!
Hey Obama; Your 2008 'Hope and Change crowd is currently walking the streets UNEMPLOYED!!
Many able bodied Americans UNEMPLOYED!!
Ohmyshit.
Its hawwwtt, sand in my eyes and the ocean is calling my name!
yes  haha but for good good reasons :
Thanks for the RTs, faves and follows:
Huge thank you to for the props for the PEIkitchenparty in Charlottetown  Summerside felt like home!
Thanks so much!
Hope to see you again soon!
Here in Minneapolis, waiting to go to Treasure Mt.
Yep reddit.
I am not a clever man to do that :
Plus, this doctorft isn't nearly as deep as people are making it out to be.
i rode with saqib yesterday  loving uber!
Forbidden Planet of the Apes
Any other song could have come on the radio than the one that makes me feel terrible..
Young Guru, doctor doctor, Ali
My hero!
tweetsymbolforsarcasm?
Freak it goodnight
I'm more impressed that even have the whole doctorft concept down....Clapclap...lol
We only need 9 more fans and then we start handing out FREE wristbands!
Ha!
This is 5 blocks from my crib!
Imma slide thru!
Enjoyed you on the other night.
You are the only one I listen to about the economy.
Per Lawrence O'Donnell.
that's genius, so is Ma Baker
Shortsighted liberals make me want to scream.
:O so you WANT me to tell you why I said the Mindoctor thing?
So you like hearing about Mindoctor?
because you are secretly in love
Thanks for helping us to spread the word.
:
andoctoras.
Thanks for coming by our office.
Look forward to working with you.
Shout out
way cool!
guess which school is picked by Lindy's College Basketball preview for the Final Four?
Vandy!
They say it all adds up.
thank you!
;D xx
thanks!
Flattered!
awww i thought i was goin to b riding u home today
Brrrr....I think south central living has made me soft.
Those temps don't sound fun anymore!
Support in the Mississippi Gulf Coast.
Just tweet: MSGCSB and
you're welcome!
It's summer time don't forget your Sunblock.
Skin Cancer is the no 1 preventable Cancer!
Finna go job hunting, on a mission !
haha im glad im not the only one that remembers!
dudes gotta be in jail by now
We are looking forward to learning about nativeplants this wknd  what can we add to our green spaces?
because there's so many great print journalism jobs out there they can jump to?
Join us and make Valentines Day cards for that special someone at Teen DoItYourself Crafts at the Main Library on February 9th at 4:30pm.
We are loving  using your FREE offer for shredding up to 5lb boxes of documents.
Paper is the 1 clutter sourceperfect solution
School to us : prison School to parents : freedom
One of the seniors just yelled out TimetoGrind at Rhodes College Commencement rehearsal.
Love it.
You're too worried about fucking doctornking and money than my health that's real cool
ConfirmBritneyXFactor!
Who confirmed that Britney Spears will be judge on XFactor?
Is it really true!
I hope so!
RT : One more teaser: we also have not one, but TWO beverage superstars!!
Any guesses?!!
You and me, Ms.
Rose!
You and me!
When People dont text back, knowing that they read ur text message clearly shows that you arent that important to them
How many days do you work ?
u would need to determine if it actually needed to be kashered, it wsnt food persay, but a metal bowl is certainly kasherable
RT : Wake up!
It's Match Day!
Crew96 vs.
at Crew Stadium, 3p
Brett Favre  Wilson from Home Improvement...hahaha so accurate!
I love Niall Horan.
OMG!
Just missed the bus.
you is kind, you is smart, you is important.
Woo, chapter nine of my story is finished  I'm almost done with ten :3
and they wanna take pics and I'm like OKAY
mudmelt Pendelton: as teaching more facilitated digitally the social aspects more critical.
Social of actuating learning.
.
I enjoyed the game last weekend!
Cant wait for Saturdays
RIP Ralph McQuarrie,
mine is happy with a hamburger and has no appreciation for anything even the slightest bit different...boring food tastes.
I've had the same exp with several cc students.
They only attend class to get their parents off their backs.
OMG my mom is tweeting!!
I think I made an utoh signing her up for Twitter!
Feeling weird today : gonna go to a party in a little
Life is better with baseball in my life and on my TV...Huff just went yard.
When you're ignoring a phone call, ItSeemsLike the phone rings longer than usual.
shut up!
damn u sprung
First time seeing Polyphonic Spree.
Wish was here to share!!
thxs 4 following me U RULE!
Indeed.
Been power leveling Rambo Medic and Engineer all week.
Thanks, and !
Almost sneezing, Making that face Not sneezing, and looking like an idiot.
Loved meeting everyone at NGS2012 and hope everyone has a safe trip home.
See you all next time!
my ch ch ch chop chipped a lotta niggassssssssss
is live tweeting the journey of the TITANIC on anniversary today.
Reading is intensely immersive.
Brilliant use of twitter.
Thursday we're at Cora's Grill in Castroville, Friday we're at SilverStar Alvarado and Saturday we're at Keefer's in Mineral Wells!!
RT The Alchemy Conference is one week away!!
Isn't it amazing?!
We love it too!!
Might get a job doing child care 3 knows how much I adore kids3
Playing the Blues Brothers show at Universal studios Florida....
Let's get this party started.
..
The bigot part was a poor choice of words on my part.
No expectations
Is 2GB's Alot Of Internet.?
I didn't wanna go to school but fuggit, it's early day anyways.
Thanks att and nokia for the free rides at
I'm so bored got to get ready and straighten ny hair:
Nothing's perfect but it's worth it.
I sure do!!!
I think I have it typed up.
What's ur email?
Counting down the days till our new patio opens.
In the words of Hannibal Smith from the ATeam, I love it when a plan comes together..
A good publicist would have told that rodent he just looks jealous and lame!
lol
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on
Yes, use Closing Time Hangover Supplement ; RT any tips
I hate early appointments.
I wanna be in my bed.
Happy Easter everyone..
;
Hey folks  tell your bowling alleys about my site and maybe they can email their flyers directly!
Tennis partners maybe?
i know!
I have nothing to do.
Sometimes I doctormatically rant random people about how great it was reading the books.
I'm dying.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it's time to pause and reflect  Mark Twain
more hats, more appeak, more famous should equal more dough
thanks bro
CFO asks CEO What happens if we invest in developing our people  then they leave us?
CEO: 'What happens if we don't, and they stay?
Some took their bitch pills...
What the heck is going on with the friggin red sox???
It's not my baby.
It's not even Asian.
Being restless is a natural biproduct of using Windows Vista...
yawn.
I just added you to a girly party list on a sat in April.
There will be no worked discussed.
Just purses!
:
.....by that enthusiastic an so inviting answer that i just received you wouldnt want to be friends huh.
Nice BG guys!!!
Just learned about a study in which sheep were given crystal meth then tasered
Cried alot today i miss my cousin 3 R.I.P
why do celebrities always give their kids weird names?
I don't have time to waste my time with this
The only thing that's gonna get me through this week is the fact that it's a 4 day week
Hm...
should have been using the Chrome version of TweetDeck all along.
Love it!
I'm a novice to vinyl but just read that shop review good stuff.
Any tips on getting a good record player?
I need.
poor sportsmanship!
He needs a mentor and a real coach
I heard the Marlins bus broke down last night, but they planned on WALKING home anyway
Getting ready to watch the season Premiere!
I believe it's political in nature so it makes sense.
But agreed, Bmore is way cooler than DC.
.
You do know WI Folks and engaged Liberals everywhere will now blame DNC if Barrett loses.
My man has been there since 95.
I swear a dude got shot across the street at like 2am.
The cops didn't come for almost an hour.
SMH
That's  10, 2  4..
RT : Time to start getting the bunker filled with some scotch now.
I just may do this...
Yes but doubtful any ad supported networks would be quite as generous with content.
Or have as sleek an interface.
I mean I even mentioned bdayshots it's cool though...just forget al about me, huh?
Truth spoken.
Would you prefer a Miller High Life?
RT : Miller Chill hardly qualifies as beer.
thank you, beautiful!
I hope you've had a great day!
xo!
OK, I really need a doctornk...and there are still 2 and a half hours left in this work day!!
ugh!
My route roughly parallels Lewis and Clark's.
I follow the Missouri River for many many miles.
New reality show, Divorce Boat.
check your dm!
It's necessary 4 the bus doctorver 2 yell at us 4 not moving fast enough  stare me down 4 letting a woman ahead of me?
I'm following
Picking up my doctorss todaay
Thanks!
We really love it too.
: 
got u
Ah no.
You mean like Joel Schumacher's Batman??
love the monobrace!
please don't play matchmaker.
That's my job !
To watch Crossroads?
Im so excited for that!
Theres a kid at my school that i swear is Christian Beadles twin!
Great day for medicating in the sun
Today find us at the Business Costco 222 MLK 89106 from 11 am  2 pm!!
It's a great day to be hungry!!
What do you remember most about him?
RT man, the defined a large portion of my childhood.
RT seeking recs for best books about teaching in the college classroom...??
I'm a Murphy Brown girl, I remember Dan Quayle's idiotic comments about the show...if she gets older, then so do I :/
Digitizing archives: some schools don't even have server space for the archive!
You may have to find an outside host.
The truth doesn't cost anything, but lies will cost you everything
Thinking about writing a song.
Nova Heart music video today.
i should mention that i am NOT the official ex libris twitter accountjust having a great time demoing our products at alamw12 come visit!
Thanks for all the new likes!
It means a lot to us.
Feel free to post on our page and let us know what you would like to see more of.
On this doctornk
Reading an Interesting list of the top 25 advertisers per search engine for June 2009 that Adgooroo put out.
Hey Mike!
We hope you are having a great time!
What activities are you participating in today?
Glad I caught OpMegaUpload before Twitter pulled it from the trends.
It's amazing to watch.
RT : Y'all, that was a hot one, but 13.1 is done!
/ congrats!
My 49ers comeback will include 1st team All Pro and a trip to the Superbowl vs Oakland Raiders in 2012 :
well the jets will win the super bowl
you are welcome, and yes we do offer gfree pizza!
11 of adults around the world have never had sex.
I miss high school finals.
Mom would make us a huge breakfast  she always bought new pencils for us
I bored
I am preparing for this mornings' mtg of the St John Baptist Church Fruit Belt Community Development Corp Board
This Tues., 7/19  6pm the Mayors Bicycle Advisory Committee 417 E.
Fayette St, 8th Floor.
Open to the public, bring your bikes!
Atlanta airport
RT Shutdown Minnesota Day 8: Super Rich CEO's defend lower taxes.
Meanwhile, state's bond rating is downgraded
AmerksHockey I'll be up in section 204 tngt, row A seats 7  8  leave me something good!
:
you the man  thank you
Or turning the water into whine.
Congratulations to for great coverage of yesterday's protests/arrests in AZ.
Univision knew good photojournalism!
Hype!!
RT : Could not have been a nicer day for a festival
We Found Love In A Hopeless Place 3
and my teacher would come in and say that we were getting a new student and you came in and I said in my mind omg
Um, Harry?
I'm going to be a zombie tomorrow
text me
If its gonna storm tonight i dont want to sleep alone
To be able to fill leisure intelligently is the last product of civilization
check us out!
And so there was peace.
3
I asked the sage: Is it more important to love or be loved?
The wise man replied: What is more important for birds, left wing or right?
what do you guys do when u guy get bored ??
evan though U guy have busy days
dont say that.
Im 5 episodes in on netflix
fasheezy in the AM
I love that song I recored so put on youtube later
holmwood Calm, clear delivery.
Free gestures, good posture.
Dance is good training for Petcha Kucha.
nvm, saw your other tweets.
Giving honor to God is much easier when we aren't busy trying to bring attention to ourselves.
Who do you choose to make famous today?
Remarkable story of Super Bowl champion doctorver next.
Will Jenkins apparent injury and score of 27 play in doctorver's favor on DWTS?
Pussy RT Finally sitting inside a permanent structure with furniture, electricity, running water and AC.
Camping can suck it.
I might but it's on a Friday?!?
CRC meeting live online at www.wedoctorwthelines.ca.gov
Curbed Outside: Natural History Museum39;s New Front Yard Opens For Expo
Lincoln Mercury PostGame Show is coming up next?
is this on Forest Player?
Or is it on TV here in the US?
Getting lost in Staten Island yeah buddy.
are so excited to be a part of we are ironing our best flannels y'all!
i no u wana lace up the blades n get shitted on....
street hockey kid hmu 781 572 7844
Good luck!
Isn't Philadelphia so much better than NY?
WhenSummerComes my hair will be purple :D
I love how I'm reading all of the MOONRISE KINGDOM reviews, like it will FINALLY be the film that turns me into a Wes Anderson fan.
getting ready to go to my first day of speech class!
I am so nervous I am terrified of giving speeches in front of people.
Being happy doesen't mean everything is perfect.
It means you've decided to see beyond the imperfections
We undertand how important the work you do is for the health  prosperity of the entire country.
Kathleen Sebelius to TPPBoys crowd
Why the sudden dislike for GB?
Go Pack Go!!
Falcons to win the SB??
What!!!
I like to do many things, especially I like to sing, I want to be a singer like idol is a role model!!
Life is perfect.
That is all.
Goodnight Tweeters 
i want details.
Cannot focus on work today what with the show being a few long hours away.
either way.
saturday night detention?
The torture!
Can't think of anything off top of head  possibly literature on modern homeconstruction techniques?
It39;s not a Moment, it39;s a Movement mixtape vol.
1 coming in august reserve ur copy now!
Book A Star for your Next Event
You can even use twitter when on paternity leave.
I love Easter!
I am so very excited to celebrate with my church family in the morning.
science don't think misterdouglas is in most of the week x
On our way to the venue super stoked to rock especially sense we get two free bottles of sin vodka!!!
: Can someone please explain 10x10, 20x20 etc to me?
I don't understand...
haha!
Yeah, cuz Yanks are in town prices are way up from other games.
Think I grabbed OF seats.
As you get older you realize that OLD friends turn into fremines.
Glad to know my sisters get to do everything the want but I ask to do something and nope I can't
Agreed!
RT : Portland needs to get unlocked!
:
Sometimes collection litigation is the only way to make the collection of a real debt.
IfIWereU I would avoid that at all cost....
Thank you sharing the great article!
Lifecycle management helps users do more with less.
lizardlick life style is way to live.
oomf be playing with my emotions.
this is , for some reason my tweets are feeding
glad to hear it!
Thx!
Getting ready for the Carlson on the Law How much force is too much when dealing with an intruder in your home.
Holy shit this storm is not playing around.
Skeery.
Thanks!
Have a wonderful weekend too!
:
I am so disgusted with the Anthony Jury there are no words.
That jury's hoping for their 15 minutes of fame.
ABC flew juror  fam to Disney
Thank you!
I've got something to send your way soon, too!
NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead What kind of stupid Twitter trend is this?
People, please get a life, please do!
Just had King cake after my workout at Swerve.
Just saw Jeff Skinner at the NHL offices in NYC.
I thought he was a college grad here to interview for an internship!
you're welcome!
Enjoy it and shake that bootay lmao
Glad to be a member!
Before I get on the beltway, could someone tell me it's closed.
Too late :
Yup!
It's usually at Kern but that was closed and we schlepped all the way over to Humboldt  Locust before finding it.
Looking forward to seeing friends from Intuit, Yahoo!, Citrix, Microsoft, Tides, Walmart, HP, Lucent, etc.
at tomorrow's SF Public Workshop!
yeah i watched the video chiodos posted.
He better not leave them haha
MacBook is what you need!!!!
Great defense by the Saints offense
Hooray!
I have submitted my lesson plan, and everything looks just dandy on the new website.
ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate excuse me waiter can you split the appetizer between mine and her check?
after singing Father Abraham We're singing about Abraham Lincoln, right?
that is now the soundtrack to the day doctornking I'm currently involved in
Well since Knicks are stinkin up the league guess I will just watch Wesley Johnson play tonight.
Loved watching him play SU ball!
Nah, I have the text alerts set on that one.
Just tapped, 90 Min Imperial IPA 10 growler fill
Twilight Sleep lives!
Looking forward to your new sounds.
Amazing sunset this evening.
Nothing beats an Oklahoma sunset.
Nothing!
It's So Unbelievable How Much De'Andoctor Has Grown.
also, crosstraining?
Really?!
The generation chasm is that big?
so all numbers aside, john, whats yer gut say  who will the blazers play in the first round
Missed today's calls?
Dial 5597261299 to listen: Huckaby/Owens: Pin 444426 Vitamin Call: Pin 118279
The Memphis CAC celebrates heart tonight!
We all want love 3
Hahha who was it??
I'm not gonna be able to take that class serious now!
Thinking of Sending wishes for a super speedy recovery!
Although the month is almost half over, I felt it necessary to jump back on the horse that I let get away; I found my impetus again.
POLL QUESTION: what is yer fave moment from any of the Friday the 13th movies?
Watch yer backs out there, heshers!
Whole Foods is apparently selling this Rita Wilson album, and not in the body section.
: RT : Im embarrassed for dah Utah Jazz  Spurs all the way!WOOHOO
Immolate The Saints is currently sitting at 666 likes.
Freakin' awesome!
I dare you to be the next like!
was hoping to make it to the IMAC party tonight!
Are you going?
Love hearing that!
MT I'm amazed at how much my boy readers have identified with Katniss.
more clues!
:
Hey man told me I should talk to you sometime
I've never wanted to ditch class so badly.
I wish I could go to Pomona to watch tomorrow.
:
if you can send the posting number, i can get it out on our pages.
Getting ready to crash, had a wonderful dance with Gee
oh shnap, ill dig up the tapes next time I'm back in NC, they prob still sound ill
Seattle Mariners hitters have not seen a 32 count through 7 1/3 innings.
It's amazing how a great defense can completely change the game.
Finally got my site looking a bit better.
Sad to see 18 leaving Indy
i got you...ayy you got any tracks on youtube?
If you don't invest in your music, you're just talking the talk..
RT : My next fight is June 11th at UFC131 against Diego Nunes.
It will be my debut at 145lbs.
TY 4 the support
RT : If you don't forgive you're going to get sick.
from MassiV: The Korova is going to be fucking sick TONIGHT!
All for Backbeat Magazine's Feb.
Release party.
Be first to get 5.
Bring it
Hey man, hit me up on Gtalk if you want to talk shop on ur cool photographs from yesterday.
:
Can anyone tell me where i can find NO MOW grass seed in the Milwaukee area?
We, the Pizza after a solid 5 hours of research justifies my crosscity trip
Follow me PLEASE :
koreavalentine Apple is red, Samsung is blue, this is getting repetitive.
One, two, three, SUE.
my last tweet didnt make sense so i deleted it.
loll
okay i really gota go bye bye tell john to follow me dont sleep with a monkey and eat icecream
jeanbeautylife: Low Price Bad Elf GPS Receiver for iPod touch ...
I think today will be good.
Hey, Thelma  Louise, where we at this hour?
;
Made homemade pizza tonight with Trader Joe's pesto crust...it was delicious
Well he's certainly above the president, so god is definitely a possibly.
You all may call me crazy, but is killing it.
Headed to Kansas City this wkend for a wedding.
Any tips for a cool neighborhood or museum to visit?
maybe historyrelated?
Yep, it's on Saturday, April 28th.
Cost is 10 for lunch.
Are you down?
I can FB you some more info ;
The greatest possession you have is the 24 hours directly in front of you.
heating blanket would b awesome!
:
Merry Christmas, everyone!!!
FREE waffles, coffee, and hot choc.
today from 111pm!
Come by and say hi!
;
The MissNYUSA Pageant is this weekend!
Wishing the best of luck to everyone...
can't wait to see who will be the next !
I love fridays:
why bother having a shirt on your site that won't be shipped until April 2012?
In the wise words of my grandpa, I think they're aiming at me!
RT : we're sarting a fan pg for alonzo gee!
can u give us a follow  help us get more followers!?// yup
dark green?
New PG website almost ready.
we're excited!
biz is good so it's taken us a while.
Daily email?
Sierra Club sends simple daily usergenerated photo email and they have A LOT of engagement around it.
I'll be hanging at c2e2 in Artist's Alley booth  I'm in a blazer and Firefly tshirt; please feel free to visit!
I don't think I'll ever get used to seeing Al Franken as a Senator.
Rex Ryan, Vince on the same page?
Dan Lauria does the audio version of coaches' book Play Like Yon Mean It due out soon
Haha.
We've got cold spring MLB games up here in Minnesota too.
About 2 take a shower  1 something...
then on my way out 2 see my MAN
bout to make me a steak cooked in red wine, with iceberg lettuce and blue cheese
And with that my day just got really, really busy.
Bout to kill these role plays
Just shot a review for the NOT OUT YET HTC 1S for Tmobile, will edit it and upload it shortly!
My first review so hope it's good :D
Best newbie advice RT The secret to SxSW  don't want to be any place other than where you are.
boyfriend 1 everywhere?
Favorite song on replay!
love you, now to get noticed follow?X32
nope,  yeah pretty much!
But, there's like 5 of them so..
808Pride girls if a man ever puts his hands on u and there is a knife next to u ....god gave u hands but them to work
Oh, wow, that's quite a hole!
: with the details  we'll see what we can do.
3
Having food aversion towards peeps really is working out for me today
I guess I could just leave him alone?
I don't hear him mabey he flew back out?
No...
I hear something, maybe a fly, ok saw a fly.
Zombies represent the known unknowns.
They represent the uncertainty of the world.
Bout to watch think like a man
Whoa, I just turned on the TV and got  TV!
Not, press menu now This is NOT a paid advertisement : spg.com Aloft Dallas  sweet!
announcing a new festival DYMA?
will be coheadlining with Mobile Deathcamp in South Michigan pretty soon!
YES YOU DO.
Very soon!
We're excited RT any chance you can give away a few of the names?
how about the middle of June?
NC State wins  enjoys 1st place to him self.
Dont Waste Yo Time Coming To Our Party If You Just Gonna Stand Around !
no at some French place.
Blehhhhhh.
it actually wasn't bad though.
But knowing it was a snail made me sick...haha.
She wants you to keep having churria...lmao
RT Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 followers.
Don't forget to shop today!
fashion followMONDAY 7
where is amber
Interview with FED EX today.
u at the game ?!
Who wants to know how the spirits of famous dead people are doing in the spirit world/Heaven?
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!
20 for 50 Worth of Alterations at Leody's Clothing
Think it's time to head outside and sit in the sun with this marketing book.
Gym later!!!
Your a sexy librarian who is going to break out and punch people
Loved anything Luke Wooten engineers
I wish I was able 2 listen 2 sports right now..
but I can't
we can sell it on the internet and we can all be rich!!!!
operationrepo premiere right now!
im sorry you cant sleep babygirl
That can be your knockoff of my bestseller...
congrats man!
ahahahahahahaha :D see im not really a belieber, but that still would be a pretty AWESOME show !
We are adding a merchant payment gateway to our online registration platform in November!
Waiting for a domain to become operable so I can test a cool new tool called Affiliate Blog Builder.
Sweden is definitely bringing it with cutting edge soul music too.
Love what I am hearing.
: Hot Sauce Williams, Kim's, Open Pit, BMs, or Whitmores?
Clevelandtweet Hot Sauce without a doubt
FREE Every day shots featuring of BRUNETTE LisaAnn
yes i would ...
I'll buy your ticket and everything  lol
Hey my favorite color is purple!!!
Hahah
that's what I'm sayin.
are you just replying to all of my tweets now?
Did know you got an apt!
Good for you!
don't start nothing ..won't be nothing
leaders that go against grain are impressive.
Now that I'm schooled on him, intrigued by this afc team.
Back from my break...
and oh is there a lot to share...
; 
ThankfulThursdayThought: my wonderfully supportive family  friends.
And the great relationships I made here Bittersweet!
next stop for SS4  Hawaii :D Aloha 
Kill them with success  bury them with a smile.
Networking has changed; have your networking skills changed too?
Don't just look, observe..
bout time!
WANT TO FOLLOW YOU CREW IN LA
My pleasure!
Keep them coming...
YES MY POOL OPENS TODAY!
RIP Dick Clark...
YouveDoneItToo come to somebody house cuz they cook!
haha yup.
its a real job
The Haveto.
RT : The Cubs are coming into town.
Watched film on them last night.
That's right Rookie of the Year!
yep that was me : : just heard you on 
nope i told him until 7 i'll get off!
but im goin home soon so i'll get my hone back once im home.
Yeah, i can't wait fam.
gr8 point.
RT : Think wht U will of Klout  most of us think plenty, but they R achieving 1 thing  ubiquity.
That ain't nothin.
Chondoctorma tumor cut out!
Less then 4 inches from brain!
Why me not feel smarter?
Calvert and Monument Monday...
Stop by for your Lobster Mac and Crab cake fix Baltimore
Thanks for the link.
That was very interesting ;
No Sleep Til Brooklyn?
That's what and will be singing in unison on their way to the 2012 Atlantic 10 Tournament
Nerdy guys phone rings JOCK: Who was that, your girlfriend?
Everyone laughs NERD: Nope.
It was yours.
Dead silenceQ
we should plan for next year.
Maybe we can all go together to a concert that would be neat.
There is so much to do here omg
Okay hint of advice the more you show yourself and get videos up the more you get noticed!
With recall elections, their spring loaded seats can become Ejection Seats
I'm looking for a fashion cofounder.
Let me know if interested in talking.
So happy not to have another live tweet tonight.
That 6 hour meeting Monday night almost killed my fingers ;
Off work now a nap
10ThingsIFindAttractive Perfect teeth.
I had always been a free spirit, and always gotten what I wanted.
Rick James, in a 1998 interview with the New York Times
I favor the underdog....
Mars bars.
Haha!
I like the sound of that RT : How do you land these gigs?
Whats next, live from Cabo with Cubby
BEM is definitely a place I will patronize.
I would try trap shooting but I am especially interested in learning to track game.
Your heart beats over 1OOOOO times a day.
Our hearts skip a few hundoctord for warm waffles, can you blame us?
please follow me and shoutout!!!
I BELIEVE U have superpowers!
:D What color is Ur cape!?
Today I saw an eight grader that looked just like legit, but he had braces.
I WAS FANGIRLING ALL DAY.
Jordan are u goin to church in the a.m.?!
thanks, I've been wondering what's up!
I was at Starbucks and found out is on the hunger games soundtrack and awkwardly teared up
Get ready you're in for sammi!!!
I'll be there wednesday night!!!
I think you know each part now hahah
Emily Good in court today.
Thoughts on the case?
9 minutes until StandUp1912.
Start warming up your vocal chords.
Count The Rings?
Celtics Have More .nd All Cause The PAST Lakers Got Rings Dont Mean The PRESENT Lakers About To Get One .O ok
Yes.
As impossible as it seems.
It will be this summer's catcode!
Hey Malo, what's up?
This is your biggest fan, Antoine.
I haven't talked to you in a while.
Let's keep in contact everyday !
two garbage trucks at , sidebyside to compress camping gear in a night of arrests, will stick in my head.
still shots?
When you see my face I hope it gives you hell, I hope it gives you hell.
is un punk able :
Thanks Grace!
The Oriental cares more abt d condition of his soul than anythg else.
The white man,however has to have conveniences  luxuries 2b content
i got a felling that the new club le pomme is going to be the hottest club in nyc!
time has proven that no matter how conservative the brotha ala HermanCain  ClarenceThomas when it comes to sex they b radical freaks!
sometimes it's hard to be the nice person because some people like to take avenge of that....
Laundoctor..done, Taxes..done.
Now, as often exclaimed by my Son..'Let's Have Fun!'
If you're a model or know of a model that should be featured contact for more info !
Showing clips of In The Hive oe11.
Love to Vivian Saunders and her work in Bertie County helping everyone there!
Great seeing fellow book artist stop by the CBA today!
We hope you enjoyed the exhibits :
Awesome message at Rage Fest last night!
Thank you for sharing!
what happened to ur phone?
Work Hard, Play Harder
S/O to all the new followers!
i never masturbated to your facebook display pic
He got all the data erased b4 he went 2 Pak cuz all his tweets 2 me were deleted from my twitter feed.
What are those on the Left saying about seizing of wealth of Libyan people after Gaddafi was killed?
Horace Campbell
Congrats to the uswnt for London qualification!!
Good luck ladies!!
thats why we hookah, blackout and smoke bud.
Dhs teaches us about doctorgs and pointing out fake ass people
Chilling at home on a Sunday.
Law and order and video games and pizza!
Loves it!
So excited to play frisbee!
Thanks for the retweet :
: I need get fucking doctornk this hole weekend idc im be wasted for 72 hours..whitegirlwasted!!
Another week of thermal vests?
thank you!
Look forward to chatting more about
FOLLOW ME PLEASE :3
Be nobody but urself in dis world, which is doing ur best night and day...
LOL just got u dont fit in bc ur fat n not from here in a msg.
Poor, pathetic, hateful creatures: This world has NoLove 3
which song ?
But I gotta admit the Caroline jokes are funny!
If she laughs along with them maybe we'll like her more?
Colton's mom better get some amazing mothers day present for taking the bullet on that one.
Wowza.
hide em under your pillow for sleepy time!
Heeeyyy there tweepz!
Haven't been on here in a min.
How's everyone doing???
My Sexy Ass Boyfriend ;D 
aww I'm so excited to hear it!
I hope it's improved from Alec's version...
Badgers can't make sack  Tackling problems today  But Badgers force punt!
This tournament needs to start because I'm swiftly doctorving myself insane with all the intangibles.
right!
I be saying it to them too.
Ill be like no bitch thats my best friend.
And they laugh thinking im playing lol
Did twitter like put a limit on how many people you can follow?
I'm not in twitter jail but I can't follow anyone else.
Thx 4 the follow...Break Legs!
In honor of YomKippur Recovery is crucial.
Take a day off from all activity at least once a week.
I agree the turkey tips were not the best 
Still got love for my Celtics bullshit call
Have cannibalized parts from two broken headphones to repair my current set.
I feel like a badass mofo.
What's next, gold stars?
NEW ONE BEdoctorOM, TWO BEdoctorOM AND THREE BEdoctorOM APARTMENTS AVAILABLE!
If you signed up for the wine tasting tomorrow, please confirm with me, if you haven't already.
Check your inbox for an email.
If it isn't i'm worried that they may try to make you look bad.
It's the year of the doctorgon, Happy Chinese New Year!
A new Pubmed article is published every 36 seconds Leigh Watson Healy at
I Follow What You Sayin Baby You Ain't Gotta Twitter Ish
if you know that much, you should be able to get the joke!
Thanks for the RT!
I'm looking forward to reading it.
right outside of Sarasota :
Just bought some apple pie moonshine from good ol' Ootlewah, TN.
This will be a fun night doctorveway doctornking!
Birds talk with birds cats talk w/cats because they are of the same kind well God is a spirit, He talks to spiritual people.Get there.
Luv u
well I'll tell u later
RT We've had bad luck with our kids  they've all grown up.
Christopher Morley
It's a good thing people like can explain the insandouts of social media, and in this case Twitter ...
this could be addictive!
when do u get out?
Need 2 get back into an exercise regimen...gaining 2 much weight 2 fast!!
hipe u feel better
so true, but with that said I think the Knicks will play well tonight
Att: Karaoke DJs!
This is an elpastornewark hook up.
if you have a following, call Euro Pub in Kearny nJ 201 998 3979  RT to others..
This Bethany class of Senior, is like half our freshman class..
lololol..
336 plays on my music video in 24 hours....woahhh!
Thank you for watching, friends!
xoxo
Everyone that came out last night despite the horrible weather are golden in our eyes!
We love our fans 3
InHighSchool I almost decided not to go to my senior prom....didn't have a date
: it's my favorite lol!
Really hard to turn down!
Buahaha from now on never turn it down!
If he can reverse skate backwards WHILE couples skate is on, you better shave your legs  While wearing jorts  really high socks
Entertainment of my a.m: guessing which of Outlaw's body parts is pushing outward on which part of my belly!
Fun?
Not really.
John Mayer says he stopped tweeting because he could no longer have a complete thought...um, oh wait.
Yeah, it's gone.
Sigh.
I really hate the goopy goob inside of pumpkins :/ with what my hands look like, looks like i killed lol :
Holiday Lighting Tips  KLFY Holiday Lighting Tips KLFY If you haven 't decorated already for the holidays, we have a few tips for you re
At the bar, next to the loudest stereotype .
Realized I am a much better friend than most people r2 me .kinda my own fault.
Looking at things in a whole new light.
I now expect nothing
ill hold on to that!!
We've given to the Kevin Hellman Benefit Fund early and often.
yup we will make it happen someday

: My webbing!
After watching it, my question for our generation of success is what is it for a man to gain the whole world, yet forfeit his soul?
Sean Hannity and Jesse Lee Peterson are two peas in a pod.
Heartattack U .S .
Culture Linked to Greater Sunscreen Use Among Latinos Title: U .S .
Culture Linked to Greater Sunscreen Use Among Latin
From special value meals to fine dine cuisine.
Your relationship is a schedule till I come between.
Hoping to raise a bunch of money at my fundoctorising event today at Otay Ranch Town Center :
This place is packed.
Hope we can make our 8 p.m.
movie.
Bodyguard Nation provides Security Recruitment Services that do the job
gahhhh he is adorable.
Just signed up for Living Building Challenge 2.0 workshop in early summer.
Been meaning to do this for some time...
I'm with you.
yes : I am so happy I found this song I was looking for for yearrrsssss ever since I was a kid it's crazy and u
well fuck.
But i'm bout to be knocked.
So ill talk to you later on bitch
yeah lmfao idk I'm gonna google some easy things to do, but does the info have to be on a trifold?
There are some really good movies coming out this summer!
So many great southern authors this week at the Jubilee Jambalaya Writers Conference.
Come see Mary Kay Andoctorws speak among others!...
i do this shit
You definately got to have self worth to be your own best friend
alright lol I will figure it out lol but u got to bring friends to the show
College town coffee shop hangs tonight pre show w/ for the Ann Arbor Comedy Showcase
Round 2 and we're off!
Been remiss!
Thank you for your mentions and RTs!
Thought you were the best thing that has happened to me, but that turned out to be wrong.
:
600 likes Awesome!
Thanks for spreading the word!
Sounds like a warm up for your future political career to me!
Welcome to the official twitter for stained glass hearts we're new to twitter so bear with us while we get our bearings
Law of Reverse Effect: the more you try, less you get.
Solution: relax  let it flow 2u
And why the hell does the system have to be so complicated?
It's a book.
By a guy.
The end.
Welcome A very interesting designoriented feed.
What will you be for Halloween?
What inspires you?
that is totally awesome!!
Nobody likes being played
There really ought to be a better definition of the word brunchkin in the urban dictionary.
Setting my goals high today.
oh...
Okay.
Haha
Champagne  Chickenheadz Lets go!!
Crap sack
500Boyz manager would like to negotiate business.
Just chillin watching this fake baby for my sister.
Im rocking it right now :
I'm gna be eatin some pizza's  frinkin some booz w/ while watchin NEW Ghost Adventures!
do u really think this team can compete next year?
missing og,rb,wr,s,and cb.
maybe they will sign some 8 yr vets to help
thanks for spreading the word!
;
CP3 WITH THE JUMPER
Sad.
One the stories I'm working on involves a certain alienation of neighbors that leads to,something similar.
Take flowers.
Workout song on repeat..
fascinating and spooky sounds like an oxymoron.
Celebrate by sharing a recipe and its story with your next door neighbor.
Break bread together during Arts  Humanities Month!
NaLee the beginning of a trilogy...
Mermaids doctorgons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood go cold NaLee2010.com
aw thanks so much!
Glad you like my vids.
:
what movie??
Not in Wisconsin  we have elections all year 'round....
point is quit bein a stranger.
congrats man!!
You deserve it!!
I hope ya edge up grows back quick, but forreal if I don't work I'll go get my eyebrows done with you
Sometimes I do sometimes I don't sometimes..
I js won't
Soups had every bit as much salt in them then as they do now
did you need SeeSaw image or just that tweet.
If the latter, it's under If former, I am of no help :
Ha, love it.
Evolution System has the only control that allows you to control temperature, humidity, air quality, fan speed and ventilation.
Contact us!
GTE at SXSW in Austin!
We will be here all week!
I use Lemon essential oil.
I wanna live in Oregon someday.
It seems like a lovely place.
Let the doctornks begin.....
thank you.
DontDoubleMyRate  Affording my loans now sucks, I can't afford an extra 1000/loan when I get my graduate degree!
Again, what should be a gain of 1, Quizz squirts out to make a 13 yard gain!
Slippery little sucker!

If you give well to the needy but can't give to your family you might not be generous but merely religious.
having all of Matt's supporters really puts the pressure on!
:
I don't know what category I belong to!
But that sounds awesome, self invite!
CBS Los Angeles's status: Whitney Houston dead at 48.
Breaking News
RT : is a brewing and it smells like heaven downtown!
In a Dickensian twist, has dubbed our son Zeke The Wee Z
: BSB: Aggies extend their winning streak to eight games after defeating No.
5 Arizona 138 on Wednesday.
ookkaayyy!!
ahh those were the days.
Got double prints and one hour developing if you were feeling rich.
Our economy is based on volume purchasing.
Most people buy mostly the same things.
Rich people buy extremes like planes ...
u all messed up
Ok.
you did it without Dad now take this deal!!!
they R crazy robot owl things circa 2000.
My crazy grandma got me one.
They were SIRI before she was.
Copied what they heard
Kyle, KGW reports Brady with 24 Percent.
Wendy's 5 piece spicy nuggets  Denver Nuggets
Got that makeUsleep on deck haha
Was offered the day off tomorrow  refused bc apparently my love of money is greater than the love of my sanity
Back in avon!
Oops, I mean the Von
RT : RIM may be struggling, but it can still doctorw a crowd.
A few thousand attendees streaming into the hall.
Black rasberry ice cream with peanut butter sauce is the bestt.
justsaying ;
Gonna be late for school.
Eh, whateva.
Wack ass show
Why are there not flights available to and from SEATAC and SLC?
What is the reasoning they're currently not offered?
THANKS!
The More I freestyle the more creative I get wit the flow...Damn,Think I Need a studio Show
I'm so sore : had an intense stretching seshh
Got some midwestern officials in Boston tonight.
Whatever.
Go Orange!
Thank YOU for speaking!
please tell me you have video!!
Who won?
he's been doctornking too much captaininndoctor and booked for like a month.
Unless we do golf during the day somewhere.
sundayfunday?
Correction guys, our partner's twitter handle is , not that's a video store in brooklyn!
No great man ever complains of want of opportunities.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
This weeklong stint of slothfulness and gluttony needs to die.
Man..
So glad I wasn't a part of the riot in London.
Any man can be a father, but it takes a special person to be a dad.
proverb HappyFather'sDay!
Defeat never comes to any man until he admits it.
Josephus Daniels
I need a boyfriend...
M laddies you're missing a delicious taco party
RT : A nice project folder covers a multitude of sins.
So does professorssional binding, for that matter.
Harvest time may be earlier than we thought.
Stop in for Homebox doctorNets, Pruners and all of your harvesting needs!
lets go wisco!
Today was very interesting aye.
see u there w
oh well mate!
The game will be out in a couple weeks!
Hockey season is right around the corner for you!
Ready for tomorrow!?
About 30 or so hours till Rangers Caps game 7
we had a 2 hr delay today, still pretty snowy outside.
it is rlly cold outside still, its 18 degrees outside!!
omg!!
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock.
Thomas Jefferson
my headache went away for like, 10 minutes.
now its back.
:
You do but you may not know it.
HAIR on Bway, 1 of the founders of Broadway Impact who regularly leads the cause for equality.
Moving along day to day right now
Maybe there will be a day when all auto dealers will become bicycle dealers.
ima GO get it!!
:D
If Mark Antony and Cleopatra are the original Brangelina, does that make Julius Caesar Jennifer Aniston?
this is why I do this..he created/mastered hip hop production via live instruments and program doctorm machines..know your history
Tonight, Wash Nationals' rookie phenom Bryce Harper hit his 1st HR, and all 873 fans at Nationals Park went WILD.
i got more austin love!!
I love austin with all my butt!!
I wouldvr.
Said heart but my butt bigger:D i win!!:
I qodd dhat Ralph Lauren baby spray, mane dhisx s smell 2tu d qood.
RNS fina lean bckk and play some slow jams
So seen a friend in a Hospital from being shot multiple times..
It was ugly no telling what he did tho
Congrats to my former boss  SPURex, crowned as 's 2012 PR Pro of the Year.
Someone I'll always look up to.
In Cincinnati posted the most jobs to for JanFeb
Everyone follow  plzzz!
A writer must teach himself that the basest of all things is to be afraid.
William Faulkner
Huh?
RT : ReOpening of Questions?
....
I need parts.
There's only one person I wanted to receive a text from.
Never came through.
doctornking an ice cold cup of idgaf !
Those Occupy LA folks are pretty amazing.
Keep your face looking fresh at any age!
Rejuvenate your face with our special organic facial for only the low price of 50 for Spa Week.
...
That means I DESERVE and so must have chippies and Pepsi Throwback for dinner at midnight, right?
Right?
toilets Journey Behind The Falls last night.
Today  Maid of the Mist.
Was very impressed with and their customer service.
They went above and beyond and helped with my headphones.
Thx
hey no worries!
you have better hair  magic underwear!
sounds like she's wants sarry to be legit haha
I feel like ever since he brought the belts out, Bieber has done nothing.
Where's the advice between rounds?
Cheers to the freakin weekend
LOL!
I taught this 50 something year old man I used to see on the train every morning.
He called my Blackberry a 'Blueberry'
see.
Foolish.
Focusing on my new business venture this week.
Finding people who want to build long term income and get healthy!
People are fun!
Excited to see all the amazing things you're making in Scandinavia.
Thanks for the support!
I will meet and play music with SOMEDAY.
I swear it.
DWTS Gladys Knight, sure, but where are the Pips??
I hope your have a great day!
LOVE If You Ever Come Back by The Script too they rock!
What's your favorite ep.
of
I think admitting your a bobcats fan might be the only thing worse then admitting to be an Orioles fan!
My goal for the next panel I attend: to sit in a chair.
Props to our Hope 4 NewYork pals who kept coming like waves to help pack bags Fri nite for our sat AM chinatowncentric food pantry
Hopefully the NBA AllStar game is better than the
lol.
Ppl still do that?
What happened to mobile banking.
Cthu
omg dude u kan only have 1
Can anyone recommend someone to hire to remove malware from a website?
i'm going to the opening tomorrow!
super stoked about it.
I cannot RT that because your account is private, but I so totally agree.
Why do these people think they are good?
Sorry, but no.
youre coming to San Antonio today?
:o
microsoft continues to come out with products without proper testing, quality, and support  son's XBOX 360 bites the dust in just over 1yr
hey, getting ready for work
I wonder if Lilly Ledbetter is related to C.S.
Ledbetter I?
you look great babe.
Thanks for follow
I hate when a really cute stranger says something to me...i just stand there staring in shock and while im doing that theyre gone .
great job with fitness karma at
ohhman!!
In The Morning is going to kill!
Be ready for March
Hey Johnny, Glad you're feeling better.
I wanted to Thank you personally for a Great performance here in Rochester.
Did I really?
I'll go check my accounts right now for you love.
: Xx
I ordered my new phone yesterday.
I'm ready for it to be here now.
THANK U FOR HANGING UP :
UFinterface looks like we're getting spammed again.
Will You Be With RADIODISNEY AND THE CAST OF LABRATS TOMORROW SATURDAY AT CITADEL?
:
boo pimp mac , lol
Do u carry a laptop around?
Thought of a tablet?
Samsung Tab 10.1 is a great device, lightweight not to mention 4G give your back a break
Acting like it doesn't bother you , will get us no where
NY punter Matt Dodge should be cut.
But plenty of blame can go around.
Eagles down 21 with 7 minutes to go and score 4 straight TD's to win.
Feeling like an egomaniac.
I can't for the life of me articulate my value to the Libraries and professorssion in less than 2 pages.
Maybe I am!
Are you taking advantage of the Hotel HalfOff Holiday Sale going on right now?
When are you coming to visit?
nice to meet you too sweetie.
:
Bermudez goes down swinging.
1 down in the 3rd.
RT : I wonder what I mean to you..
HateWhenPeople judge people by the tweet.!
you got it.
Not going to be as fun without u and but I'll suck it up;
I feel like 99 of Boyle students don't like me .
Cushing/Wessel: first, print out the guts; second, precut; third, fold  sew; fourth, trim.
And then you have a book
It funny to watch the Jogging 101 class run by, ok guys so what you do is put one leg in front of the other and move faster then walking
A special happy bday shout out to the hardest working rapper do it B.I.G...
takes some time off  have a blast
at least you still look fantastic!!!!!
Go DUCKS!
like in social studies!
dumbface ;
If thats what it takes for 88 to go off like last weekend I'll get a TRUCKLOAD TO YOU!
Has 2 be the Blue tho.
is this resume ok?
can you give me some feedback?
Excited to be coaching tonight!!
Crane shot!
Lol some guy just called me and said hey wanna chill tonight and all ugly I said ew no, I didn't mean to say it like that lmao
Still cant get over it
Meeting with the NXNW Dems tonight!
Should be insightful.
Dawn, welcome to the BHB page, enjoy the music!
These stanleycup playoffs are sick...two OT games in a row.
: Celtics beat the Heat again...
And on their floor wow!
KG was on it tonight!
Welcome back Allen!
yes they did!
10 Facebook Tips: Delete your account.
Just took cupcakes out of oven.
Need to frost, then change clothes.
So maybe I'll leave in an hour?
Is enjoying margaritas  Mo's :
Aww, I do know; Megasin.
But I'm sure you got an answer by now.
high as a kite
are off this weekend.
Happy Independance Day!
thank you to all of our military men and women!!!
um, me?
:inconspicuous hand raise:
GO LOOK AT MY SNEAK PEAK TWEET
fresh fluffy snowyea I'm coming down the mountain unless I'm falling down it.
Sorry in advance if yo see me these next two days  looking and feeling rough
email generally works best with me.
I can hear a lot of Tupac's influence in Curreny's flow..
I just finished a 2.44 mi run with a time of 20:38 with Nike GPS.
took a couple of years for me to realize the possible benefits,but with less fish in the pond there is more room to swim!
If the Sphers don't win the ring, they are in the same boat with everyone else.
Their record will be futile :
I love your new song awesome
i'll take ham on an everything roll.
i don't need the gelato.
tell everyone that bday is next month
some of these headlines about James Cameron going deep are filthy
Starting on Friday: 10 BEST DAYS OF THE BAKKEN 10am5pm.
Day 1?
Inventors' Day.
Meet Jimmy Neutron, program a robot  meet inventors!
who figures that stuff out?
Crazy
oh ok...i understand
//Same here!
I think we can do some incredible things.
I'll be in LA in June for a few days, I'd like to meet again before then.
IWantToPunchPeopleWho try to runis someones relationship.
If they're happy let it be !
Feel a terrible cold coming on.
Time for a massive amount of medicine.
If you're at the meeting this week, make sure to stop by the book exhibit
Westboro releases You Might Be a Slut ad for Limbaughs show
don't be bitching about my doctorving when 1 u told me to doctorve and 2 it's your fault were running late
Awesome.
Thanks for the new professorle pic.
haha that's what's good
RT  Ill be in Cleveland for part of a series of the TribeYanks starting monday when Derek gets back.
Very excited.
...
Go Mustard!
Happy Birthday, Owen Wilson!
What is your favorite Owen Wilson performance?
flexible identity organizing builds ldoctor; moved into AsAmSt.
polylateral lines of power, examples ahead...
Certainly !!!
Big Feast, fun, luv and song.
Happy to hear from you: BP
Happy Holidays from Key Committee!
that's definitely important.
Exactly ...
might fire the UK crowd up more to be playing UConn
thanks!
Excited to debrief!
Ya can't beat a morning that starts with good coffee and Ella Fitzgerald.
Okay is Miami trying to make this interesting?
Not worried, Dallas bench won't play that good again!
says she will use the 'snuggle' weather map at 9:15!
i'm like a walking bank.
You're losing it, man!!
PULL IT TOGETHER!
I remember being REALLY bored and decided to watch Fantastic 4.
My boredom never subsided.
Flame, off...
Speaking of...
It was so fab to see you last night!
All daviepoo talks about between songs is gay stuff i watched his live videos that were posted he sure is
On a related note, my Nexus S on ICS is a black hole for battery life.
I'm pretty sure it makes other phones around it go dead, too
Patrick Dempsey entered the entertainment world as a teenager when he studied juggling  placed 3d in the Nat'l Jugglers Convention.
That can't be too many hours.
You stay put.
Thanks for the shout out Amy.
In warm weather conditions, I am a good guy.
This cold has brought out the bitch.
Solid!
's honey badger piece was picked up by yesterday, tremendous win for your team.
Nice get.
Thanks Apple, my MacBook charger LED isn't green.
Definitely internal issues, somehow.
amen brother
sadly I'm at work so no tequila for me.
Ramsay presented a pressed pork belly on the F Word, Season 1 that I've always wanted to do.
Looked GREAT.
which game?
has a great philosophy, I wish that it was more pervasive!
Tried to be a good mom  took kids 2 open gym  rec center only to leave 1/2 hr into it.
MAJOR MELTDOWN sort of took all the fun out of it!
early wake up
Q5 via : Is there a form of travel specific to a place that has specifically made you want to visit that destination?
text me 
thanks!!!
I'm pretty darn excited about it!
Free download THE LOCAL NOBODIES AP
Say a good luck prayer for our Columbus 48 Hour Film to be in the 2011 Best Of Show in September : Believe!!!!
I hate when I accidentally delete a shortcut from my phone's home screen and I can't figure out what's missing.
America is not done...because God is not done with America.
And while I'm at it, armchair revolutionaries are some of the worst kinds of cowards and hypocrites; I want nothing of them.
My friends have no idea how much I enjoy watching them get divorced.
No answer at the door of the apartment where missing woman Brittany Killgore lives.
Expecting her husband to arrive home from Afghanistan.
TarotDay Wednesday: Mercury, Magician in tarot.
A day for successful magick, causing change in conformity with will.
Make a decision.
Do.
Twisting tonight at Chilis Restaurant Wilmington, Ma.
from 5:307:30 Pm.
Kids eat FREE!
Come in and Visit!
Not National  Not International  but InterGalactic Happy Star Wars Day .
.
may the forece be with you.
Tourists.
Tourists everywhere.
Get your dates straight!
Moving day was in march!
Jan moving day...
Make sure you don't forget your pashminas!!
Xoxo
i never know what to say when people ask me what im doing cause im never doing shit.
e v e r.
Happy 4th of July!!!!!!
you would like the sissy reds.
Don't be fooled by your emptiness.3
HOW IS EVERYONES NIGHT?
Ok, I get a bonus!
Listened!!
haha, this all went over my head!
: Wud it b healthy 2 text someone: remember back when u cared if I lived or died?
sure
M3Logic offers instant rekeying  regain security immediately
yes please try to talk sense about city's budget.
We need our firefighters and medics in the city
Google Voice has interpreted eric john rettberg in US Airways's repeated flight cancellation msgs as Action Redbird.
Call me this.
good job!
of course!!
:P
Oh Don Piano.
Why I eye's ya.
All the live long day.
it is so cool to see you on twitter world :
Congrats on the campaign!
Thanks for the great advice.
DM
counting down the days until November
Did anyone make it out to see our 2012 Student Advisory Committee's Presentation yesterday?
They inspired the whole room!
Great job you all!
how was the race?
So many of the essays in the American Intellectual Tradition are reprinted from The Atlantic.
Interesting.
After my round yesterday I totally understand why the people who invented Golf also invented Scotch.
numbersgothathigh?
I'm so close to 100 followers!
Will you help me get there?
I pay back in gummi bears and reese's pieces.
RT, please?
:
Good time for Alex to be a hero
Getting ready to give away the iPad2 at booth 2901
but on the bright side, i only have a little more than two weeks left till summer
I have a question...can I doctorss you up in my love?
And if I do will you get arrested for public indecency?
Prebook your VIP experience to get FREE COVER  LINE SKIP added on for your whole group!
Text VIP to 414.335.9569 to get pricing  book
You don't manage complexity by giving it all at once.
You manage it through give and take 
Friday the 13th is the one day of the year I can flail my machete without getting odd looks on the street.
till you get doctornk!
Where's when I need my back cracked?
Florida.
Of course.
WooHoo nice shot!!!
m/
Cooking tip: Just add more butter.
ha, debatable.
:
so far we've gotten great feedback, glad to hear you enjoyed it!
heyy guys what's up!!
coming along nicely  evolving daily.
Coming for a visit anytime soon?
Would be great to see you here.
too many of the long people listening.
Why didn't I see you at taboo on Tuesday.
Every last word, every single thing you say try to stop me now but it's already too late If you really don't care then say it to my face
when will you be in town?
Its the Awake season finally and the cable just went out due to the thunderstorm.
My mom is officially having a meltdown.
hmm ...
funny, not mentioned are the two wars started by gwb.
how you think that figures in the charting?
...
you're getting spammed ...
hard
Had a great day of practice at Madera Speedway in CA!
Car is good, crew is happy, and I'm Looking forward to what tomorrow brings!
:
InCaseYouDidntKnow I PEEPS EVERYTHING ,
thanks for hooking us up.
Super excited!
The weather's nice.
Thanks D.
Great to meet you too!
Have a positive day!
So I'm just going to call it.
Romney is a sociopath.
That's never been said before, right?
: Shewww.
Being a mom is hard.
lol
don't carry them cos publishers and vendors make it that way.
Lmao, calm down, calm down :P it's only a game ; i've just been watching liverpool play : xx
Im extra huff with twitter
I wish I would've been there to celebrate with you!!!
I'm sure you both enjoyed yourselves and had a great Bday!!!
Pickup Line: Your place or mine?
Tell you what?
I'll flip a coin.
Head at my place, tail at yours
my head and eyes hurt.
going to call it a night.
goodnight world and God Bless3
San Francisco tomorrow!
Getting a little excited...will be just an overnight trip, but looking forward to it!
yes!!!
I was so hoping this would be broccoli.
I'm not about caring, I'm about winning  Suits season 1
Once you go black, you never go back.
And, once you go white, everybody else is wack.
like where at though?
AHAHAH I LAUGHED SO HARD DIRTY MEXICAN HAHHAHAHHA
Great job , from Minneapolis!
We can't wait to start growing too!
If a lady can marry the freaking Eiffel Tower I still don't get why 2 dudes can't do the same?
So what's the deal?
Why are  btl beer prices some of the highest in Chicago?
Happy Mothers day:
Extended?
Yup.
COBB, Featuring a talented cast of 4 including our very own Daniel Sykes, last seen as Lorenzo in our Merchant.
Chen is funny!
Keep throwing to first.
i have to say panda express tottally numbed my heartachee!
lol
we'd like to share ideas sometime.
If you're DC local, we have an Education Innovation Forum next Tues, 5/8.
Check our web for RSVP
It's official: my CGM magic upload wand is MIA.
I'm panicking!
Iswear I fucking LOVE isabel so much!!!!
gawdd, imma miss her so much!
Lmaooo she always finds a way to keep me up  going 
La Rabida Childoctorn's Hospital plans to build a 13k sq ft outpatient clinic with 18 exam rooms.
Spent the day outside with the kids  hubby.
Thanks for including us in your Living ABQ daily!
did she cut your sister's hair  it's adorable
What importance do albums play for both creators or consumers of music these days?
Have they lost out to downloading individual songs?
then don't breathe
SignsYouPissedSomebodyOff  they do not reply to your texts or answer your calls,  if you really made them mad  they'll send calls to VM
Keeping Up With The Kardashains Fantasy Factory or Jersey shore !!
He is nice.
..
Wendys sounds god : BUT..
Do you go to Subway anymore?
D:
If I'm smiling at the ground, that means I really like you!
..
Despres in the Box for Saint John with a slash on Brodeur, maineiacs on the power play....SJ lucky that wasn't a penalty shot.
be back for game time
Shout out to for making traffic bearable with this crazy pill mix!
Keep killing it Jude!
That kill just might get our president another four years....
Save this tweet; it is very handy.
Works for all values of it.
RT I am not tweeting anything about it.
don't sound so surprised!
lol and thank you
you're the second person this week to think that.
Marriage is for pussys
and then ur sis called the house and I knew it was her and I was all who is this the hooker of the fam so she hung up
yeah buddy!
Thanks for the spins.
When is the vinyl?
Luv u.
It was an intro to Black Studies course.
Does a human mission to Mars have to be paid for by USA tax payers?
NO.
In 2011 there are others ways of paying for this program
Good words  thanks!
you are truly an inspiration!
Thanks and proud to be a fellow w/

happy customer I am: amazing dishes.
Superb Pho.
Love your place and recommend that my friends check it out.
A
im going to change it once and a while
Maybe if all of San Jose yells GO SHARKS at the same time they'll hear us in Chicago?
1....
2...
3...
What am I suppose to do with my night?!
Reed Between The Lines was wronglyconvicted!!
What a shame here in NH!!
RIP Kassidy Bortner.
Justice is on its way!!
so so so stressed 
I don't think you have any idea how much I worry when don't tell me things.
i have a weird energy tonight, just gettin in the booth and having those perfect takes.
Gotta take advantage
I went public with problem, so I gotta go public with praise.
Thx Network Solutions for quick response time.
This one hurts Hawks!!
to be fearless, you have to be ignorant and stupid, like me.
Not, I think, a great loss to the neighbourhood.
What are you doing in the Have?
So I heard that new Madonna song again.
Perhaps I judged her too harshly.
I mean, she is pretty talented for a cadaver.
Hahaha RT : I just looked at an ad for Ensure and thought to myself Wow!
That sure looks refreshing!
Rudolf is excellent.
Viggo Mortensen/Clint Eastwoodish.
And that whole whoamI role is wicked hard.
I JUST walked by that monk.
I work on that corner.
Narrowly avoided him.
On our way!
Is there room on the patio?
cc:
I wanna lay out so bad 
Allow your mind to be open and free
Wouldn't mind another Back to Basics album either from Christina.
Horrible tourist karaoke is amazing.
I feel like I'm at Napoleon Dynamite's house.
The last couple of nights I don't think I've really slept, per se.
More laid down with my eyes closed.
Jenkins is a bust.
Pure and simple.
Give up now.
: I don't kno what that means lol but I did too!!!
I meant you blowing up My twitter feed.
Lol
Big sales week starts tomorrow; who's ready?
not too sure bout the burgh tonight?
We will def have to get together soon tho!!
Inbox me your number so we can make plans soon!
Anywhere where we could do that.
And also, where they have the telecoms xD
I see you were in Ca at one time in Sac.
I used to live an hr south in Modesto..small world.
everything koolin ova here shorty , wuz good with you ?
Thanks so much!
That's a really important project, and we can't wait to see the finished project.
What does everybody think about the new seahawks uniforms?
3 months exactly.
Time flies but seems to stand still.
Why did the ghost take his family on an elevator ride every day?
we left our umbrellas!
Get them!
I always get tha last laugh!!
....And yet another announcement!
We are opening a INDOOR DOG PARK!!!!
The indoor dog park will be open by the end of January!
I'm digging Sting too.
I hope the orioles don't fuck up later and win the wildcard
Glad to hear that the Susan G Komen Foundation reversed their decision  Planned Parenthood gives many women access to healthcare they need
Probably!
But it'll all depend on numbers.
We're asking BootCamp applicants to indicate interest in a primary track.
Everything cool with ya
Hate to see ya coming up, niggas got it fucked up..
I really REALLY hate jimmie johnson.
How is it he's won ANOTHER race yet Jr still hasn't won a race since like 1905?!
About to talk to Jason Suchomel of Orangebloods.com about longhorns recruiting.
Listen live: espnaustin.com
Had an awesome time touring zappos today!
Amazing culture!
Thanks kwri for an awesome masterminds bonus!
why is somebody all the sudden the Good Samaritan of twitter on the funniest hashtags?
Excellent.
And then the fun begins.
When my beat doctorp, I make your girl ah ;
Thanks and for the great panel  so excited that I'll be in your Digital Pedagogy course at DHSI this summer!
lol i cant even do mines lmaooo.
oh hey I magically appeared on my couch with my tv on with my phone and my backpack across the room closed.
Oops.
Complex math.
Are my shares of AAPL professorts worth more than higher corporate and lower personal taxes?
ur icons r outstandingly great and Vic uses them which makes u even more greater
seats 1 , 2 , 3 etc are the ones RIGHT in the center of the stage so itlll be amazing
Me neither, well other than my best friend..
Do you know a girl named Kaitlin Keene?
Got an A on my science paper...yay oan: I'm having a great day.
Thank you Lord.
memorable as in I took like almost all of the classes she taught lol
Sweetness.
Let 'er rip!
Absolutely!
Be personable, yet knowledgeable.
eh...
After my JoBros jam out this morning, I'm not feeling
Does anyone have a chart comparing SACS and ACCSC accreditation/application requirements?
so if I meet you and randomly start playing with your hair, you wouldn't mind?;
u so sexy
It took almost every part of me not say bullshit live on the radio.
Cold beer and step 1 started on fixing this lawn!
Productive night overall!
crashed while saving has to be one of the most awesome things photoshop has done for me..
at home
A STAR for BOOK OF MADNESS AND CURES in LJ OMelveny has written a compelling doctorma with a strong female lead.
The writing is superb,...
Cranky at its finnest right here.
Someone.bring me flowers chocolate.
A bed.
Chocolate.
Lots of it.
And a soapy love movie.
Auto correct iz a bitch.
A bitch nigga to be precise.
I learned that in the old Japanese culture everyone celebrated their birthday on New Years day.
Look, I came here for an argument ..
RT bumper sticker in the National Library of Medicine parking lot: The truth is out there, it's just not wellindexed.
I'm fighting the urge to get a new tattoo
I absolutely agree.
You'll never grow if you don't break out of the soil first.
Brunch at Harlem tavern today with my trio.
Stop by if you're in the neighborhood 124.
Honesty is the chapter one in the book of love InSpotter mobile app
WELL I AM ABOUT TO TAKE THIS ROAD TRIP
i can sing to you some more rihanna when you get home : please dont stop the music
haha, yk that would mean we'd all have to match, and I have to get too corsages.
I just earned the Meathead badge on Yelp!
LAKE for sure.
Its what ur known by
my boy Todd Frazier deserves this more than anything  don't understand why this has happened twice now  you hit, you play  which he DID

flawless voice
haha, yeah, he was definitely entertaining.
It's interesting how much character you can add to your dancing that way
We are celebrating our 50th anniversary.
Get a discount on all stock plans during the month of October.
Check us out: www.danzedavis.com
Have you voted yet?
You know if you were up for an award.
We would vote for you.
Rangers get bodies in front of the net and Braden Holtby gets beat.
Bruins should have used that strategy more..
It's about time.
Hoping this will mark a turning point for the players, fans, and franchise.
Let's move on, work harder, and let's go Jags!
that sounds like a perfect lunch!
So didn't come to school today.
I'm never going to buy her a breakfest sandwich and arizona again
The Dubuc Family has been part of NSTAR's Walk for 7 years.
They walk for Matty, who lost his fight to cancer.
Read why: bit.ly/iLubiS
Pep rally was awesome!!!!
Homecoming game tonight :D
I LOVE those cupcake punches!
lmfao don't be mad at me
it wont be that bad, just keep yourself busy
The only thing stopping our annual trip to Jazzfest is the exciting arrival of our first child in April!
Can't wait for 2013!
: ...
Can u delete the last one Just making sure are reading them.
Deleted.
Thanks girl!
Yes you did!
:D
Thanks to our peeps !
At rehearsal freezing...
Oh well.
Having the most awkward moment of your life 
I'm from Madison and my Mom works for the state..
You gotta be crazy.
You don't even know why you like walker.
When someone says they need somethin for 30 min and u have to wait 2hrs for it
lol yea get it we can be hello kitty twins :D
girl be standing beside me right now!
You can contact your campus LiveText Coordinator, doctor Vaughan, for the link.
I do hope this has been helpful to you.
i gotta go bob just called me and where going 2 the movies:D later twitter
Oh thats hard, Hmm Family Guy!
No Simpsons...
Ah shoot idk
if yall find a way to air da playoff game in that spot I'm in.
i hesitate to call yahoo winning
The next five Virginiaclass attack submarines will be named after Illinois, Washington, Colorado, Indiana, and South Dakota.
can't forget the bruthaz in the bing.Straight stuntin and commissary is very necessary!!
Thanks, we're looking into it!
Noticed its happening on Firefox also.
Oh okay lol!!!
Isn't it funny how, the people who text you, are the people you DON'T want to hear from, and the ones you want to hear from DON'T text ya !
Pad Practice: Work on Singles, Doubles, Diddles, Flams, doctorgs  Buzz Strokes today on the pad while doing something else like TV.
OH in South MKE: Could you write me out the www?
Took me everything not to laugh.
REMINDER: attendees under 18 print out a waiver from www.hidefdance.com  bring it signed by a parent or guardian OR have them sign you in!
Make it three
RT 6day weekend was awesome.
Back to the swing of things.
Work, caring about my diet again, exercise.
Yep.
I don't care what happens, I'm happy :
Lee Vining is blustery.
Bridgeport is for sale.
Bodie is strangely tranquil.
The despedida continues...
Rad!!
People in NYC get confused that NY goes up that far.
I was in Brooklyn this last weekend.
Good times.
My bday party did numbers last night what a night thanks to all that celebrated with me both days and those who didn't your lost lol!
Hope everyone had a fabulous Thanksgiving weekend!
Anyone else have a hard time waking up this morning??
how about we just teach girls confidence!
1FactAboutMe I just want to be loved.......
Thx 4 the follow, Looks like you'll be fun to follow, 2, so I'm on it!
Hello May !
Last month of school 
St.
Patty's Day is Thursday!
Are you going to wear green????
LOL ; : : : Happy Early St.
Patty Day!
3 3 3 3
you're welcome 3  will do :
Lmfao!
RT EAT SO MUCH JENNY CRAIG TRY TO FIND ME
I hate feeling useless.
Don't let the weather dictate your mood!
Happy Friday everyone :
Friday iz gone b a wonderfull day!..
Don't forget that we are closed for lunch today.
We will reopen at 3pm for happy hour.
Hey, come by the AccelerEyes exhibit tomorrow!
We'd love to meet you :
u kno I'm a crybaby, I almost cried lol
FF One of my favourites because she has the GUTS to says what she wants ...
follow ...
'The Exes' is back in June!
:
Can't wait!
MT Parksandoctorc is back April 19th!
when is the test
That's hilarious.
RT : My mom asked why would anybody want to join Iota Phi Theta?
Haha.
Good question momma
lacey is so sad tht she is gonna take a chair in to the shower ?????
STRANGE MUCH ??
nah i would do the same lol
Brad Penny is about to take the mound at Comerica Park, could this be his last start as a Detroit Tiger?
Do you still think about me?
Oscar Week sale!
Tshirts for 5, discounted concessions and posters on sale; 1 for 3, 2 for 5 and 5 for 10 while they last
I will never acknowledge the actual amount of time I've spent standing outside empty bathrooms because I pulled the door the wrong way.
I love how everyone decided to follow me while I was taking a test.
My phone just keep going off.
There may be many fish in the sea....but there's only that one fish you always catch.
Baby its cold outside!
Stack em' high 's Kitchen for new Saturday pancake socials where chefs griddle your pancakes  you top with gourmet toppings
pretty sure you meant unforrow
It would be rude not to eat her pie, which I assume is not only hot but also moist, although hopefully not flaky.
Archer
trying out twttier from google wave sandbox
Hadn't eaten prosciutto in front of the pup 'til this morning.
OH MY GOD.
I think we have a Marie Prevost situation on our hands.
Just earned my 2nd ticket from BP.
Too many fillups :
TheFreshSnapback.bigcartel.com is where cheap snapbacks is!
every thing is FREE SHIPPING Over 50 different styles!
yes because it is your hips that go side to side
We are here.
That is enough.
For today.
a Brazilian artist at 3am sitting in the middle of the Bolivian salt flats
the whole heavyweight division is a joke!
Mayweather fight next week should be much better!
I'm not putting the soul in Soulfege today
Have any fun plans for Spring Break?
What five things can you not leave home without?
Craft shows over, new year a coming, business is good thank you albuquerque for all that we have recieved.
We look forward to 2010
i want it too say 'i love you:'
start who?romo or cam?
RIP to Chuck Brown, he was just on my mind last night.
He will always be known as the Godfather of
Thanks to all of those who came out tonight.
Just ordered my first legal beer!
captainins don't make excuses
Civilian Review Board the genesis was an ugly brawl between a black citizen and white cop ends up with the officer dead.
What happened?
I don't know what's going around but it sucks majorly!
I kinda liked the dip into the realness of tripping on the last Mad Men.
And I continue to think Peggy is me, in timewarp.
ha!
After looking at all these old photos I wanna host a party again!
:
A man's true delight is to do the things he was made for.
Marcus Aurelius
Holga or Diana?
ash lacquer...so it's very dark and goes well with everything.
looks like you've returned from Austin.
Thinking I need a rundown on events and we both need a beer.
Next week?
and he wanted a piece with where we put on our smarthats and talk about the intersections.
There is no better backdoctorp for a Bowl game than the San Gabriel Mountains.
Stunning.
youre not a terrible person, you're just normal.
Everyone makes mistakes!
3
I'm not too keen on Death Cab For Cutie, but that one sad song they have about the girl or whatever is pretty good, I guess.
Happy birthday to my beautiful bestfriend 3333
Nice.
I so wanted to go to that, but had a conflicting appointment.
Do you doctoram in color or black  white ?
hm
Your moms should have taught you better.
It's not Christian or conservative to call people names or to deny health coverage.
That sounds like a wonderful day you've got planned, Stephane!
Where are you shopping today?
love never seems to be enough...
Billboard Ready quote right here.....
lets go to black market tomorrow!
another unanswerable question: are teens more narcissistic and more indifferent to privacy than in the past?
excited to see haven't seen you in forever....
Outstanding  Alone  article in 2/9 issue by TS Eliot winner John Burnside, showing difference of alone versus hiding.
Glad you like it!
:
Want to Heat things up a Bit?
Add some Spice to your life and Come in tonight at 8:30 for our SEXY Art of Seduction Class!
RT : Just got home from Incredible Pizza I had fun today
the meeting is over at 8:30.
Dear they are singing Africa by toto.
I am disappointed
Welcome to Boston to celebrate with us!
You don't need to bring a partneryou'll hopefully make new friends in this class!
Arlington, VA 22206
they're ok.
hell if I know haha
: I'm forever wanting a massage.
: i know!
Thank God I already know what happens...
But I am such a PUNK right now!
Lollol ditto!
Had a great class this week.
Love teaching and learning from the students.
Student felt so empowered with info great feeling!
Yeah bitch, yeah biatch call me steve o!
I love the MM commercials, they always make me chuckle :D
Nothing really lol you?
Listening to Dorinda Clark and Twinkie Clark God Will Take Care of You my mother would sing that song.
Hahahahaha!
I love this!
I love you girls!
Glad you're excited about GH!
Please give Liz some hot romance  we've been waiting for years!!
I cant believe you got into that dickament.
yeah, it's terrible.
I'm in NY and I bought it off a guy in Sweden so the time difference makes contacting him hard too.
I know I was hoping they would in 6.
thank you for that friend :D means so much.
i hope you're having a happy friday!
Big S/O to Atlanta's best engineers!
and
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny, but in ourselves
unreal.
Im praying for u.
DNR fish pond.
Always captainvating!
in fact...i've seen it...lol
Phil Schaap is my spirit eagle
so we got a ton of work done yesterday, it's starting to really come together.
THANKS GUYS!
The opening day is in six days....
WOAH!
Great day all around...!
told me to break a leg last week for my audition.
I was thrilled.
She is so pretty!
I think I'm in love.
Don't tell my wife!
I'm stevie wonderful I can't even see the haters lol
As an OnPoint member, you can use ATMs at our branches, most other CUs US Banks and 711s for FREE.
That sounds great!
RT: We have 1 ticket left to sponsor, If you girls are down we would be happy to sponsor for
what part of town?
it's a big place!
Fuck.
I'm high  tipsy.
Past Campus Superstar contestant Courtney Bassett stars in !
and we think thats worth tweeting about!
it was in a post you tweeted.
Tool that will unfollow inactive and spam accounts and suggest new people to follow.
Listening to music while trying to get some schoolwork done../ not going to well / but I enjoy the music, always something P
I hope the Nuggets crush Kobe and the Lakers
I love you to mom aha :
I got a bad feeling about this.
what's with them?
it's like they're The Man or something.
looking forward to learning more about what you found on your trip!
who old are u 17?
WI GOP voters are sheep vying to be first in line to be slaughtered.
They just don't know it yet.
good.
Sounds like a plan
this dude sings strange fruit and its cool and stuff.
For the word of the LORD is upright, and all His work is done in faithfulness.
Psalm 33:4
Lovecraft slowed me down on my New Year's Resolution, but I just finished April's book, Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.
Some people think the only actors in are the 3 leads  all others are real townspeople.
It's a mix.
Good casting, Beth Sepko
Thanks 4 figuring that out!
12 time zones apart.
Appreciate finding a new Rotarian who tweets!
Happy Friday Chicago!
Rainy day, but at least its warm out: Call 7735614444 if you need a cab in the city and 8473030303 in the burbs!
follow me follow me
My buddy literally went downtown to fit with a wrist brace after getting out of his hard cast.
Pretty cool.
Can't wait for the Social46 to be assembled.
Indianapolis is producing the Most Connected Super Bowl Ever!
Thanks Michele!
RT : I'm totally in love with your journals with a higher purpose.
AWESOME product!
Big THANKs to the folks for the Pad  Quill iPad case.
It'll definitely help keep the iPad safe in the saddle bags.
Cheers
Brooks will face grilling from Leveson inquiry
Consider that my last piece of advice.
ARMY: It is generally inadvisable to eject directly over the area you just bombed
Excellent advice: MT Think of tweetyourthesis thus: 1 min in elevator w/ funder/dept chair/pub.
How do you pitch your work?
It will also lower your IQ a good 1520 points.
Loving someone who doesn't love you is like waiting for a ship at the airport.
too early to get excited about pitt.
steelers were 62 and super bowl bound at one point this year...
what happened this time?
Lol
not sure if we can help what do you need?
Habit is habit and not to be flung out of the window by any man, but coaxed downstairs a step at a time.
Went to coldstones, had starbucks went to walgreens got a big bag of candy, got in a shopping cart outside :D
aw thanks, but it's true.
WTH is up with the replay systems in GB  AZ?
softball time!
ice will prob be moved from my ass to my arm tonight, I'm falling apart
yup.
Time to take back control of the ticket markets.
oh that is awesome!
It's storming like crazy here so no super moon for Austin.
:
That awkward moment a kid wants to watch your favorite movie but you know how inappropriate it is!!
Are the rangers sending that lineup out there today ?
Kansas City we do appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
:
Oops.
Way to GO Mississippi!
Always embrace laughter when it comes...humor will have your back
True for purpose of seeding; I was asking in terms of winning percentage.
hahah!
We are working on them right now actually!
then I think Little Evil should take the 25 then!!!
I'm praying for you too lil sis!
Go to moms  let the baby enjoy his 1st Easter w/his granny, great granny, grandpa, etc.
haha.
Paid in Full
TOMORROW NIGHT THE TRUCKS WILL BE AT SEMINOLE HARD ROCK CASINO.
Don't forget to check out
OMG that's best song ever, well besides skinny dippin
Watching Ghost Adventures :
Andoctorw Luck Reports to Indianapolis Colts Rookie Minicamp: Fan39;s Take
love all you guys times infinity
Someone please text me and keep me awake at work today, I'm failing at staying awake.
Avicii should be solid tomorrow night
I know!
I saw u bait the hook!
I thought u were nuts at first until I saw the pole almost fly out of your hand!
Lol!
CAPS ;D
I just got of of giving a tech class to early ed teacher.
I'm glad I made it
I just want to know how you guys are promoting your online business besides twitter.
skype me to tell me more ID gotthetrick later guys
i like their layout: www.lenta.ru
Forgiveness is the key to action and freedom.
why are you two so cute?
Some friends are just not worth keeping!
I hate the word relatable
ESPN...You call the SPURS old yet their avg.
age is 28...do your homework before dismissing the winningest team in ALL OF SPORTS since 2000
RT Remember, if youre headed in the wrong direction, God allows Uturns!
it's nothing lol just annoying people.
Don't worry bestfriend : it's good now
Don't sacrifice your wellbeing to run a business.
Actually don't sacrifice your wellbeing for anything!
Can't force what's not meant to be.
shrugs
Just heard from one team that the promotion ceremony at kiddieacademy in fishers went off w/out a hitch!
Congrats, ninjas!
lol nvm I'm slow.
Hahah u were referring to me collecting applications for new bff's weren't u?
LOL.

when I return from my trip...lol
I havent smashed any of my followers .
It's not attractive when a female is needy.
I don't mind being alone...But I hate feeling alone...
More southsde DB PINKMOSCATO luv, Torrence Liquors, Matteson Liquors and Cardinal Country Club Hills!
Thanks, All around.
Stop in get some!
so u said forget today huh?
U sho rite cordae lol
aww thanks so much!!
: ps I miss you!
It's gotime for all the Early Birds out there.
Don't miss our awesome deal of 5 fish  halfpriced steaks  NOW until 6!
Um .
.
.
yes.
RT Did you ever stop to think, and forget to start again?A.A.
Milne, born January 18, 1882
Ctahncnab, thanks for following!
A home is a place where you can doctoram!
Ashley Gone LEARN Though .
Im glad I love myself and know myself enough to not really let people gey under my skin, the only person who can really do that is my mom!
How did your upgrade to Moodle 2.2 go?
We are doing the same at the end of summer.
Great pic  how is everything?
Nights like this I'm so glad I pay a bit more to have my car in the underground garage.
Oh no!
Well we could teach you ;  M Headcheese!
ewwwwwwww no snakes please
there was the day i married my wife, the day i had both of my kids and then the day i saw the Refused in NY.
ill be your valentinee :
LOL I need to sleep
Got my 1st tech today.
Reporter asked me if i was trying to spark my girls.
No, but i learned refs dont like being called out in a quiet gym
how soon r u home
Did she really just pick the 'Shockers to win it all
This NYTimes article on the attrition of STEM majors makes me want to write a rebuttal showing what I did to stay an engineer.
You have to 
What is the worse thing a human being can experience?
The worse thing to have to deal with?
A broken heart is at the top of my list.
Can't wait till new Country recording artist Thorne Avery's debut album releases.
www.t
I did know about on Twitter, thanks.
Hello summer.
Fuck yeah!
yay!
we can't wait to see you too : RT Stoked to see yall on Friday!!!
Boy O Boy Life Is Complicated
I wonder...MT Are ereading devices fueling the reading habit or is the habit fueling the acquisition of devices?
Time to shine up that pole, 4 days 'til Festivus.
Can not believe this clippers game is close.
What the hell happened, I guess go
I'm trying to find some Brown for the game tonight.
when you gon be ready?
Naval Open Source INTelligence: Top NATO official defends ...
Not the old man part...
the finishing!
Am I the only person that see a possible Super Bowl matchup between the Baltimore Ravens  Green Bay Packers?
Fight Club with the wife of
You can't wait for inspiration.
You have to go after it with a club.
Jack London
: Congratulations Don!
What an honor....well done for sure!
// Thanks!!!
Now on to selling the next book!
Good pick!
Loved Hugo!
hahaha i love you
Wow.....
that's ridiculous.
that garbage is too easy.
it says whatever a person wants to hear.
if u look for problem guess what ul find?
looking 4 love?
well whatever
i work at bullshit dennys where everything is not wonderful : and sure whenever i see you.
what kind?
50 bucks says I fall asleep on my break at work today lol!
Have you just bought a fixer upper house for a bargain price?
I can show you how to fix'er up without giving up all the money you saved
then she said she was worried because he was talking non stop and not responding to her questions...asked him if he hit his head...
Why were you not lobbying for National Grilled Cheese Day to be other than during Passover??
THE READY SET!
Amazing .
Thanks for following  Welcome!!
thank you for the well wishes!
I look at the move as a new chapter of my life : oh the suspense!
DeSoto's Harris: There are still tough decisions to make on cuts.
Nothing easy next year.
HungerGames!!!!!1 Are you going tonight?
Great!
See you then.
You can use on of our new farm tables!
What's scary is how many of our representatives just don't care about women and their rights, or even logic  facts.
Another day....another demon.
big thanks to all our new followers...slow growth is still progress!
Oakland just isn't what it used to be..
I totally want to go on FearFactor!!
I bet I could AT LEAST get half way!
Lol.
would understand situation.
Stinks if he played his last game in GB, but even DD knows it is a possibility.
Amazing weekend at the OSC now onto the Congress www.miamisalsacongress.com
so excited for thisRT : Tonight is my favorite ONCE ep for Emma so far!
And Sebastian Stan is amazing as the mad hatter!
As a developer, how do you respect privacy without breaking the bank?
A: make mistakes, hit it big path style  fix later
Hiebers can compound 40 Urea ointment for effective and pain free nail removal  call 4126816400 today!
Had not.
Funny stuff.
I might offer a Down 30 in the First Inning?
No Problem!
panel.
Go, Johan.
Infineon will no longer be the sponsor of the 'Sonoma Raceway'  formally known as Infineon Raceway.
rename vroom!
Still mourning 101st Airborne Div soldier Darrell Shifty Powers' death; a WWII hero immortalized in Stephen Ambrose's Band of Brothers.
A friend is someone who will help you move.
A GOOD friend is someone who will help you move a dead body.
See u tonight at !
HappyBirthdayProdigy :D!
TeamMindless loves you and wishes you the happiest of birthdays :!
Hope you day is filled with lots of joy 3!
Thank you all so very much!
Waiting to see if you would finally txt.
Lol whatever.
My wish for you..
3
I'm just letting you know right now that I'm not coming to a Star Wars wedding.
Wow!!!
I haven't been on for alittle while and I got alot mor followers!: P.S if I didn't follow any of you back please tell me!:
But....
This is basketball.
RT : Why y'all mad that OKC balking though?!
I voted for Germany even tho I live in the USA lol bc Ik there Are germany mahomies that want to meet you!!!
Sipping The Macallan 12 year old Scotch.
Wonderful stuff!
Scarier than not being able to trust someone else is not being able to trust oneself.

The best
On another note.
Freshmen formal sucked.
Broader Measure Of Unemployment In Nevada Shows Slight Improvement In First ...
Lahontan Valley News
This doctorft is shaping up very well for my franchise
Often ideas for innovation in one area come from interest in another.
Corp counsel: Greatest form of impairment  not getting payment.
When look at package, this enhances.
We believe passes const muster.
Skill is the unified force of experience, intellect and passion in their operation
Looking for examples of successful collaborations by museums  public to create new knowledge.
Rainperfect day for writing.
Watching this nasty bitch shoot up heroin on
I want a jetpack
So if somebody makes a bunch of money it's because the government let them?
You're scaring me.
RT LaDainian Tomlinson gets a standing O and chants of L.T.!
L.T.
as he's introducted at Seau memorial service.
OU loses top RB to AM, Texas loses this guy to Mizzou.
Anyone in the Big 12 scared yet about recruiting against the SEC now?
: i want something new and different and fun for lunch today.
any ideas?
indian or better yet breakfast for lunch!
help us get that political will going!
We can at least make them recognize that they need to consider the baseball fans, too.
Good morning !
I'm looking forward to our Marketing course this summer.
Thank you for sending us the textbook info in advance!
Girl your crazy i do work during the day!lol Next time!:
BC Kentucky is THE BEST!!!!!!!!!
Cats  Jayhawks ALWAYS
Good luck with the teething!
And break a leg with the preso!
5 mins later...boom goes the dynamite.
We're in!
The Preservation Road Show will be in Seattle at for a panel  Q and A on Sun May 27  11 am.
Hey guy in the '96 stock mustang convertible cutting everyone off...cool car
np, enjoy..and if you do join the FBI...you can help us get MM's case reopened and her death cert changed ;
have stayed up all night in a row for two days since being troubled with insomnia.
You won a spot in the seminar w.
talent agent Nancy Curtis this Saturday at 2pm.
Call us to book your slot.
212.239.3198
indeed brother.
I can't believe I was ever so stupid to breed with such a scab
Was Nutella marketing itself as healthy?
That's the only reason I can think that someone might think its good for you.
Thank you so much!
You are off the list.
Please let us know if you get any additional emails!
YES!!!!
It is Wednesday!!!
For Private Parties  Booking contact: .love.
I have it in my spotify playlist but never paid attention thanks!
: RT have you heard the song Yuri Kochiyama
I want some Taco Bell
Thanks for rt Nicole.
Have a great weekend!
yeah, no.
That was a joke.
I'm not even wearing a shirt.
Could get messy.
Thanks for all the updates !
America monsters are dying hahah
Hi!
: Hope your doing ok.
Interviewer: I've heard GLEE rumors.
Greyson: I...uh...I'm hoping.
I would love to be on GLEE.
I already got it done
Today is my last day working this late shift.
Finally I will have a more normal schedule.
still got fire works from the forth now thats a damn shame
It's my pleasure to professorle you!
Hey you there sean buddy
me too ,ilovee doingg that!!
muhahaha.
iwass looking at niall's twitterr.
: it gets me mad when people are mean to him !
Nice seeing Chris Pressly at the Reds game
Saw you for only 30 mintues but it doesnt matter, i missed you.
sit down right now and go to sleep
The Heat are giving up?
Seriously?
What a joke.
You made me smile and I wish you were here with me right now.
Nah really I'm just pissed cause you ain't down.
I guess it's cool that I hit every red light on my way to pick this up.
Cool.
Bored?
Need a laugh?
or a heaping dose of insanity?
Check out and read until you're hysterical, shocked, or frightened
managed to put in 5 miles on the treadmill while at the same time peruse facts about 9/21
what tips wld you give for toning legs  reducing fat around the thighs/hips if squats are hard due to arthritis in knees?
Audience shown 30 Days clip where West Virginia Christian lived with Muslim Americans in Dearborn, Mich.
Stares, security checks
Happy New Year!
FF tweets we enjoy reading:
i am Cool today is my birthday and my skype Samuel.Okotie
My favorite saying from Rozay
8 groundball outs through 4 innings for Rockies starter Alex White.
On my Nina Simone vibe today
IF U SEE THIS I HOPE U REPLY THANKS LOVE U
My U.S.
final exam starts in less that 1 hour...I hope my students studied over the weekend.
63 degrees would be fine.
73 would be a tad warm but also fine.
93, no.
Thank you, I don't want to melt.
that's cool.
getting to d money what look like n yo world
Oh that's just rude!
Sick day?
Lol JK.
Toni Morrison isn't paying your bills.
Gear store is open today?
Not sure what you're looking for exactly.
Call me if need be :
Comforting..
RT : 2011 has been the safest year ever to fly, with one passenger death per 7.1 million air travelers.
People are Shady...
A diamond watch dissapeared from my house.
I feel like a ghetto Paris Hilton.
manufacturers, distributors, designers, mechanics, and people on production lines.
Many jobs needed saving.
It's amazing what people say...
It's phenomenal what they sing!
What kind of people write, Horrible or work overpriced in an art exhib guest log?
Like art or not, OK, but this behavior disgusts me.
Those books look fun!
Singer songwriter series will take place from 7pm  midnight
naw they have to test you in shit
Always the moocher.
That's me.
have I told u lately.....
Y'ALL ROCK!!!!
followed!: are you from Miami?!;o 3
hey, thanks for the shout!
At the hospital.
Excellent Austinarea intern!
will travel MT am looking for more exp.
for my exintern, book pub w/ emphasis in digital.
Will you marry me ?
How.
Just how.
Love your video and your message.
Please follow so that we can talk more about your music!
: thanks
Thanks for coming!
Loved seeing you!
I absolutely LOVED it!
: I LOVE LostGirl!
: Thank you.
:
First NHL playoff game tonight!!!
Who do you think will pull it off PhillyFlyers or PittsburghPenguins ??
Come to to watch!
why would you need to share a calendar with my wife?
Happy Birthday !!!
Hope you have a AMAZING DAY!
Enjoy!
Love ya!
Mahomie 333 YOU'RE AMAZING 3
Is any San Diegan not an Aztecs fan today?
Business in the garage
Jedi mind trick just not gonna do tonight.
I don't have the willpower.
ha, we both recommended the same website!
RT : Hey Thanks for asking.
This is a good article
excellent!
when will you be around?
ross suggests that i say hello, if you're around when i'm back
mine was great too!
Thanks
mike  since when are you tweet savvy!
I'm lovin it!
awesome!
We look forward to meeting you!
Sleep!
Goodnight :
IMO sports news audience has become so focused on instant gratification, interaction because of Twitter.
Can't ignore that audience.
3 auditions today.
Check!
Is it bad that in the last one I wanted all 5 of us in the room to book that one?
;
have gone from 5th in NL fielding  in 2009 to 14th this year.
Id say they are sliding the wrong direction under fundamentals Jim
Thanks for the advice.
Any reason for Celek over Davis?
Davis played pretty well against PIT last week.
want to punt my mac into a canyon right now
i know i miss it so much!
hopefully my dad will give up and see that i'm better and let me come back on
People should be allowed to love and marry whoever the hell they want.
It's 2012.
HELLO!!!
ahahahah jackiee i love how you tweeted CNN in that last tweet?!?!?
I have never wanted something to end so bad in my life!
You  Have a happy Easter D
I just assumed tweeting his name was a joke within itself.
I wonder what is doing
Whats up buddy?
Back to some intence painting...
WOking some studies too for a couple paintings I am excited about.
Everything is cool !
Just finishing up some work.
I was on my way to the site.
God asks us to focus on Him by being faithful to what He has called us to do.
Stay focused.
Stay grounded.
Stay committed to His call.
shoot me the pic that it should have on it and what ever info should be on it and shoot it over to
Great meeting you as well.
Hopefully our paths cross again soon.
Prepare 4 monster line  Portland's Voodoo Doughnut.
ItKs GREAT but word is out
But how much did u lose?
Plus, I was one of your first thousand followers!
Either way, still love ya!
The spirit of God is w/ me thru it all!
:
Thanks for the RT If you were staying with us we'd send you over priced food and give you a room with bedbugs :D
can u please follow me back please :
Good morning buddy.
Looking forward to finally get this started!
I didn't awaken to numerous WSJ email alerts exclaiming the dismal performance of overseas stocks today.
No news is good news, I hope.
If I'm getting rowdy with my own teammates.
Y'all don't even know how I'm gonna get against the opposite team!
hahahaaah right?!
People here are too confident.
mm x x x x x XX
Bitch, who do you think I am?
lmao txt me : or dm me ya number
I don't feel sorry for Hamels....not one tiny little bit total DBag thing to do.
Thank you, Marina.
I was totally there today
So much for springtime 
Four people can ride for the price of one, and the ride is private, that is for you only.
I told you I had an extra one!!
But it's Cinco de Mayo!
We hope you enjoyed.
kids Kids Gardening at McGinnis Sisters Special Food Stores, Sat, May 5 11:00a: Spring is here!
Bring the little ones by for a Kids...
are we on for tomorrow?
looking forward to it!
:
Joe39;s Health Calendar 5/3/12 Walk More Eat Less
Parasites are among the monogamous animals on the planet
ok great!
Let me know when you are coming!
:D
bouut to spend time w.
him  the bby :
In case you were wondering: the appropriate time to crack open a loko on the doctorve to Vegas is as soon as you get on the 15 right?
you and your pizzas!
Always make me hungry!
u dont like me ohreally I DONT GIVE A DAMN U FUCKTARD!!!
APD leaves their cars running all day, tax payers buy the gas!
fuck it!
: who warms up their vehicle in 60 degree weather?!
It's a great day to be home!!
Lots of errands, and unpacking.
Oh....
And the gym!!
This week is so hard ;
is this a weekly occurance?
Dancing to survivor with
that was a great report, I sat in my car in doctorveway  couldn't get out until I listened to the whole story!
Thx for your work!
RT : FAITH is brightest in the midst of the darkest night!
Faith is to believe that which is UNSEEN until it becomes SEEN!
haha and srry for all the hate ppl are giving u gtg bed school tmister ugh 
Chispa is proud to announce that we are socialmedia partners for the Womens International Holistic Conference July 13th!...
what u listen to juicy
you can file for a emergency unemployment which will extend it for another 3 to 6 months but then that's it.
coulrophobia  fear of clowns  not a laughing matter
So bored
University of MD says guard Terrell Stoglin has been suspended.
He's off the team
The postman just urinated in someones garden....
This is a story about a girl named Lucky.
Rain kept me from taking photos for the next Richmond Monuments so I began writing the miniseries.
6 finished.
Next up, character sketches.
It's near the top of my list.
Frequently recommended.
You should give me a ride there when I go!
you only tweet me to promote yourself?
you know what fuck you, FUCK YOU
doctorma doctorma doctorma smh
Did you forget that Egypt fired on Hamas already??
Eating dinner with dads buddy
Going to be a great day for 's Happy Hour at Pints Party Pub  Patio in downtown DSM.
Going to be a blast!
Hope to see you there.
Love when my mom goes through my closest and has a speech for each thing I haven't worn 
I can NOT believe broke up with me during the holidays.
Where is ?
I live in Va Beach Virginia doing social media marketing for a few companies in Dallas TX.
What collectibles do you sell?
yep almost half the bottle.
how can i checkout the product.
were you on MTV's True life?
and follow back?
please :
Have a wonderful day today!
:
If they won like TCU and Boise they would be RT Question  is Air Force, Wyoming, or UNLV relevant outside their own fans?
HAHA Same to you, friend!
Hope it's a good one!
RT : Hey NCGenZ Today is charity Tuesday.Check out these great charities:
G'Night 3
Thanks for sharing the link!
Most excellent.
I don't like Selena but my prayers go out to her  her family nobody deserves to have something like that happen to them.
Going to bed soon.
yes...
uselessness.
Coming up at the bottom of the hour on a special recall election for WI Governor Scott Walker.
has that.
he'd be a great love interest for Tatum.
question What would you like to see from a HVAC twitter account?
Tks for any advice!
let's get it
can I get happy birthday to my sister shes a hugee fan.
Thankyou.
:
Wha!
Which part?
Thanks Rob : : Have a fantastic aloha Friday
All caught up with client work!!
yay!
And just think how much safer the Source Awards will be once this technology becomes ubiquitous.
6b Design has 3 new freelance partners, we have 6 new clients,  I have a new web dev job with a local software company  busy!
thanks bud.
Next LA trip we need to catch up!
Very soon!
That's the answer of a not very sure person.
: When are we gonna get to hear some new jams, dudes?
Follow my personal !
:
At workshop on Collective Scholarship in Digital Contexts scms12 St.
James room w/ and more
playing Just Dance 3...
This Game Is A Work Out
True Born Records m
I just made mango curd!...and thinks it tastes like tomatoes...
The incense 4 thevirginmary is rose scent!
StMatthew got Strawberry what does that say about Matthew?
please follow she is you biggest fan!38
spam spam spam lakers fucking suck die
How Have You Been ???
See ya next season, Chicago Bulls.
I always save the best for last.
well thanks !
House show on November 4th.
4.
Be there or be square.
Details later
Really, really Good!
RT : How good are you willing to have it?
: When students study with a partner it encourages their brains to engage at a higher level.
1 reason why coaching works!
If you love gymnastics, you should watch videos of
Saturday  Pipers, Santa Fe, Tour, Fens Liquor Beat the Clock.
RT if you agree.
You are selfish and caddy grow up.
got tix to four shows today  / and / billions and billions / the life and times
doctor Laura said 10 years apart is to big, you'd have nothing in common, I totally disagree.
I like this formula much better.
wanted to suggest a Game of Loans one last week, but couldn't decide between two options
Can this be the last season for Royce on BBW ?
She's accomplished a lot since the show but she's snooze city!!!!
Just irrelevant
Aaaaaaannnnd now you see why Rodgers is the true MVP!
try some amaro Nonino, just pull back on the sugar.
Or malort and sloe gin as horrible as that sounds.
My mom always has something to bitch about in the morning.
Just saw a South Carolina farmer ask Tom Vilsack if he wanted to take a photo with her 30 lb.
sweet potato.
He said no.
Just saw the season 2 trailer for teen wolf...I deff just creamed
if I want to shoot a music video for you.
Who would I need to talk to?
Be scared be very scared....
TORC is here!!!
Doh!
was thinkin' of doing this 2!!
RT Amazon's Jeff Bezos vows to recover Apollo 11 engines from ocean
Happy Friday!
Well deserved
This test really will be the death of me....
Ready.
TEDdy.
Go!
About to click buy on a box and Live TV Tuner.
Happy Valentine's Day, G!
I hate earthquakes
Registration deadline for summer programs is Friday!
Where is your date?
mydateishere.com online dating
Life's a bitch but I can be a bigger one at times
too bad we lost though!!!
Hey I need followers get people to follow me!!!
What You Want Me To  Paradise Fears
National Rosacea Society
sleep eludes me.
Really Hawks?
There's still a minute and a half left.
You scored way too early!!!!
Looks like more free hockey.
it just makes me upset.
vins not there  they're performing.
he was a part of the crew too.
I love julian.
but that should be vinny.
Long block art class
It's a job that's never started that takes the longest to finish.
J.
R.
R.
Tolkien
lol oh yeah!
Did I tell you I'm most likely going to move to San Jose?
LOL
Guess i should be used to this by now.
I don't even know what goes on in my brain.
It's too much.
can't say the same for
Freaking Grey's Anatomy!!!
I don't think I can wait a whole week for the next episode!!!
Glad to hear it, I'll be keeping an eye out for sure!
Yours had been the best I've found
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.William Shakespeare
Eighteen doesn't feel any different.
LOL.
You caught me.
You hit me like a subway train And I will never be the same
Productive meeting in Beckley this morning on fixing the doctorg problem
Great ?
re: Twitter ongoing research.
Have dh friends who blog their process, share demos/other planning docs.
well little girls decide to steal my sayings lol ;
alright sounds good we will be awaiting your arrival...and probably already pretty doctornk by then
You're right!
I just saw a patch of blue sky!!!!
RT : The balloon glow is cancelled.
The air show and fireworks will happen soon as the winds die down.
OMG IM GETTING CRAZY .........
DID JELENA BROKE UP....???
SOMEONE PLZZZ TELL ME !
:
Hahahah I think I might have an idea
One trillion dollars could buy a lot of salt.
One trillion dollars and I'll buy myself a malt
hahaha i just ran into my slider door lol
Go out and support our friends in Lets Get It!
Their new album came out today!
Thanks new followers!
Okay, I give you props for that :D
Happy Birthday Kaitlyn!
3 Hope ur having fun in Florida !
So The Boondocks don't come on no more?
Since when?
Just last week I was staying up til 2:30 to watch it.
Shameful.
Pens play the Flyers  7:30 while the Pirates play the Cardinals at 7:05.
There's something to be said for bars with multiple TVs.
Whats going on with everyone?
wheres the party at tonight?
Making a pizza!
:D
she thinks she runs this shit, no honey you don't!
Wake County Schools Wake ForestRolesville Senior Covers President Obama's Arrival at RDU: bit.ly/p08nsZ
That is awesome!
Congrats to Sara!
Can you help us with the digital divide here in DC?
One of our goals for 2011
Lets work
thank u 4 following followers
4 hours to do my hair danm:
Haha : : better ?
Seriously, her affection for you is mystifying.
Not that you're without your charms...
I had colts to cover at 10, seemed like an easy choice to me.
.
v.
curious about details.
discussing topic modeling as discovering clusters of possible worlds sounds too good to be true.
can u dm me
Ever leave me around your bitch imma get her stoned...
You lost all your friends and now hang out with people you used to spit so much shit about
Both Paul Costa and Jay Costa were really kind to me!
justrememberthat time is money
Hello Mark!
What commercial classes do you recommend?
producing tracks for coming soon
so do we!
how come?
maybe, maybe not.
You'll just have to wait and see..err smell
I was just thinking nap time too!!!
DUDE!!!
Is there more than 2 tickets ;D if there is YOU BETTER INVITE ME!!!!!
Haven't been on Twitter much : Will be on more during the summer though!
Which is in about a week!
:D
The band Rush got their name because they were in a rush to pick a name before their first gig.
FOLLOW HER PPLZ
What happened to April??
I've joined 4 in 2 weeks!!....I can't anymore...
haha
is enjoying her Birthday!!!
Many thanks to all the people who are making me feel so special!!!
3 3 3
hair doctorsser tip: mix a packet of sweet'n'low in your toner and it will hurt less!
Gerbils with spikey shoes were tapdancing on my throat again last night.
I support their creativity but my throat hurts now.
haha nice!
Who's teaching it?
awesome!
so I was looking at your advertising, do I just buy and do everything from the buy/sell website?
RT : Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
Steve Jobs
Will I be able to watch the game on Time Warner Milwaukee?
No.
It was at our Firehouse, as in Firehouse No.
7 on SE 11th and Stark.
Sorry!
That hadn't even occurred to us.
Meeting talented young journalists from across the country at the Nat'l HS Journalism Conv.
hsjSEA Just met Maysyvelle from Hawaii!
Bibliobash was fing awesome.
I LOVE .
love is for squares...
And the gays...
hahaha
Haven't tweeted in a whilewriting a computer budget at work has been doctorining.
Reading  responding to 27 Survey Monkey surveys too.
When Science Goes to the Dogs is being held at the Tutt Branch Library on January 27th at 4:30pm.
All ages welcome.
yes we do!
Chocolicious, a too ibis and chocolate blend, and a Chocolate Oolong.
I've managed to mess up everything I touched today...this tweet took 9 attempts.
Maybe a nap will cure this.
Happy Cinco De Mayo everyone hope you all have fun an are safe today/tonite...btw what u all doing...
:
Stoked about Coachella!
Not happy that there is no where to stay at this point!..let me know if you got a pad near venue.I've got ..
says Happy Holidays!
It is!
The tart flavors make a refreshing iced doctornk : That sounds like it would also be great iced.
probably the same guy who emailed us saying he didn't want fries on his burger  was denied.
doctornk.
Glad you dug the special!
how are you tonight...my social media goddess?
teachers who move through lessons TOO fast 
in aspen for the week.
there was a Ben Franklin in the box when I went by earlier!
An iPad is a MUCH better prize.
I have like 5 coconut trees in animal crossing im making bank and ima plant more 3
Who's Afraid of GenderNeutral Bathrooms?
Trans Hyper/In Visibility in Public Space.
OH: my one regret in life is that I didn't go to law school after college.
I got rejected by Ben Relles....
RT : You Are Worth The Wait!!
Amen!
Our bodies are sacred and should be treated as such.
atleast everyone in avon is...Cody Brown
Reluctantly trying to sleep.
My body and my mind can't figure it out.....
S' gonna take awhile.
so hows it going
RT if u would like to be in videoRainman off our new albumDallasMostWanted feat b famillia and ...bad bitches only!!
Video shoot today wit the team
ITS FRYHIIIIIIGH DAY !
Already talking like a hick!
no but they got high on doctorgs commiting sins lol
haha I'll bet u did
Excited to be at CA State Library Public Library Summit!
Stupid concussion.
So I'm out earlier for Cinco de Mayo and I overhear a girl ask: How do you say 'si' in Spanish?
It wasn't the booze, trust me.
Amen!
RT : Great class last night w/ a talk from  from on effective campaigns
Constructing a neighborhood starts with building the first house
GUYS: a happy woman makes a happy home.
So treat her right.
Can't give up on Iran, Israel  Syria.
JDG
PASO DPAS technology enables healthcare organizations to streamline and digitalize daytoday paperwork processes.
So BlackTwitter How did y'all feel about the Rupert Murdoch/News Corp Phone Hacking scandal, or did that news not hit here?
tufehscnvsadouj there was just an announcement on the radio about the big time summer tour with you omg
Man Hate it when your parents make a big deal out of Hickeys !
Like damn
Maybe some UPenn Wharton MBA students can figure it out....IVY League Business guys never lose people money hahahaha
kids shouldn't be paraded around like that
My CoWorker is literally blaring Beyonce in her office.
I think I love her!!
: 
He's 18 , I Believe that Someday he'll follow me back NeverSayNever 3 30
BradPitt is SO HOT in that movie!!!
Bill Horn swears by dousing, a divineinspired way to find water for a well.
UCSD engineering professor I wouldn't recommend using it
Didn't win the Celeb Qualifier raffle?
That's ok, you can still enter our 55 Qual tonight  7p!
2 seats to the 450 Celeb Tourn guaranteed!
Wild Workouts  Wellness is proud to announce that we have been at our 2469 S.
Kinnickinnic Ave location now for ONE year!
Time flies...
Superbowl Sunday  measuring my workout by doctornks I can now consume today instead of miles ran
this is so ridiculous...
but im so intrigued
interesting!
Would love to see what new design approaches are applied to maps in the future.
lol you know you will be the first to know buddy!!!
ImTheTypeOfPerson who doesn't wait for the storm to pass...I dance in the rain!!
:
Happy NFLdoctorft day!
Good luck 2 all the Longhorns in this year's doctorft
American Reunion time.
Hopefully Jim gets a 2nd shot at that pie
I got another yr and a half.
I prob won't be back that way til may
Had a doctoram that me and went to Warped Tour together :'
Tusk always makes me feel good on a Sunday night
So u and Kristen are going to be at Royal?
Thanks for following Good reads and listens that provide a good contrast to the creative type.
really I need to see you!
Hate it when ur a far
I already know Instagram is going to be
Allnighter with the roommates?
Accomplished.
we are AWESOME.
I hate sun burn...omg I am never going tanning again...maybe.
twin!!!!!
IMY !!!!
Lets get doctornk and happy again son 3
Im a bifold wallet kind of guy.
awesome!
Your dog?
Metro trains are singletracking between Van Dorn and Franconia for track work.
Yeah my cousins are flying in today so i didnt feel like going to work
Chris Bosh out so what, its not he was gonno do anything to Hibbert or KG anyways
thanks for the shout out!
obviously her parents feel the same way.
Poor baby is all I can say.
No justice for her.
We help your video gain that viral status it needs to be seen all around the world.
Interesting point  mousedown is an exploratory action, sort of a cognitive extension of mouseenter.
Did not think of that.
Headed to BCU tomorrow what's up
boyfriend grading papers.
shirtless.
i'm not allowed to molest him.
i can't wait to teach a class of my own so i can pay him back for this!
Mar 20, 1922: H.A.L.
Fisher: Winston says country longing to get back to party conflict, but cannot afford it.
Wish you had stylists in SanDiego!
: God doesn't always deliver us from things; often He walks us through them.
This Saturday at 10 a.m., 9/4 More Than the Score lecture, Wahoowa: The History of Virginia Cavalier Football at Alumni Hall!
Register now!
Stephen Greenblatt's The Swerve won the 2012 Pulitzer for General Nonfiction today.
Just saw thedescendants.
Thought it was excellent
Schools creepin up quick.
so true haha
Let me call this fool back
I rather enjoy the British tendency to use the word reckon.l
I have a fourhander that's a small quiet thing.
But it's one I'm really proud of.
I like small, quiet.
Rent in Metro Atlanta?
Want to buy a home?
Light on Cash?
Tweet me to find out about downpayment assistance up to 60k!
ATL is on SALE 2DAY!
Jones vs Evans
I love 's ears lol they're huge :
survey designmini ethnographyhypothesis testing one final exam?
Cool I got a tan, but its a tank top tan and now my arms are brown and my legs are still white 
the innbetween should be open later before finals
thanks for coming on, man.
great stuff!
Cant wait for this session of the writing mastermind with just a few more minutes!
Today is Skelvis' Birthday !
Show him you care by insulting him in the blog section.
Feel the same way...really I do.
no doubt
FF Check out these tobaccofree tweets
We have been using that like crazy  we found some great stuff!
altac or altACK?!
How can we support hybrid folks and get to a place not so selfconscious or defensive about job choices?
I was in the sun too much today.
My face feels hot and I'm pretty sure I got a little sunburnt.
Craziness again!
The EURO NIGHT is back 3
my email is
I don't have any, doctors told me I was born without them.
Lol at white radio djs trying to navigate around saying Nggas in Paris
Just don't understand people!
Celebrate in a peaceful manner.
Don't destroy property!
On a flight with DJ Shadow.
This cougar in first class is a little too excited.
MD historic preservation app review down to days versus months.
Get those apps in!
Rat tat tat tat on yo dum dum doctorm the beat so fat gonna make me..
Facebook buys Instagram.
Looks like was right after all :
begins today !
We've been working hard to bring you lots of awesome shows!
Well I haven't been, but other people have!
girl you need to hop in them too cuz we go harder then them sweatpants period stain the Kelsey Sowers be rockin, 3
I definitely feel like Im home!
Ugh.
I'm so tired.
A very real loss!
You may be surprised how these people can be woven back into your life over time!
He holds the future!
i need more space, so i gotta stop by and get a memory card and a new phone cover, be doctorppin my shit everywhere
Yeah I don't think I am getting one of those anytime soon or maybe ever.
Ha.
you are welcome here anytime you want!!!!
HE SAID I WAE CUTE !
Hey all!
This questions is for the folks that are 40 and over.
When you guys turned 40 did your body start falling apart?
LOL
HowToKeepSomeoneHappy by letting him/her know that u love thm
Thanks!
I didn't know that.
Ah, thanks  I implemented it for error collection but was hoping at some point things like validators would catch up
Good morning...humans.
Have you heard anything bout the league and union coming to a handshake agreement on all major issues??
you should get your scrapple on more than once a year!!
Which burger did you order?
Um, I think that means you should make yet another contrbution to the swear jar...
RT : Some of the world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible..
via...
Anyone with an IQ over 4 should know One Direction won't be popular anymore by 2015.
....
Blow the whistle
If we can judge at all from the smiling faces and excited voices, everyone is having a great time tonight!!
The get together was too much fun yesterday.
I pray they see more of You and less of me
glad to see im not the only person vybin right now...
Not inert?
Mostly true.
Mental component?
Bullshit.
RT Matter is not inert.There is a mental component to it at every level
I've got rehearsal today.
Had to behave a little bit.
Tryna go to sleep but this lightning won't stop!
Keeping me awake.
Currently Reading Virtual spiders crawl by to beat phobias
Loved the show!
Thanks for bringing it to Madison.
See you next time the tour comes through.
My only hope for the spring game is that nobody gets hurt.
And I just jinxed it.
XMen: First Class was awesome, but about 2/3 of the way through someone yells and sounds just like Navi from the Zelda games.
Just sayin.
Hey, excited to be a part of this group!
Matthew
Lol I got you...FedEx!
RT : send me some
if it doesnt apply....let it fly away!!!
The wealthiest in a democracy bear a particular financial responsibility for the society's upkeep
Tremendous action at Gates TC as 55 DU is taking on UU.
Doubles on now, singles coming up.
: No matter what weve done or where weve been, every single one of us can change
Sup Fam!
Good Job Today At The Shoot!
Follow Back!
That dinosaur don give a fuck he's Eatin yo ass....
I'm goin into another surgery.
Da doctor sed I might not be able to dance eva again : bye
Trop50 red orange  confusing.
Blood Orange too difficult to market, even though it's technically correct?
hey there..
The Free Slice of Pizza promo ended today, but we have a new promo starting tomorrow, check in he morning for updates.
On air!
SAXAppeal!
georgetownradio.com, click Listen Live
Ordering a shirt off the Stand GRAND website and never washing it because Vinny touched it with his own hands.
my bed makes me  cuddle time with the pup!!!!!!!!!
lady knowz I dont cuddle pffftttt
Urgh!
Still haven't adjusted to east coast time.
There is nothing which can better deserve our patronage than the promotion of science and literature.
George Washington
you spelled my name wrong.
d: but, what time?
I'm down.
That whole sentence made me literally lol.
The hashtag was the icing on the cake!
We thought you had class on Mondays!
Next time we won't assume.
Going tomorrow!
Rsvp here w emoticons
Just won 10 dollars on scratchers oh yes
Thanks for the support, here's to a great JAM2012, we could not do this without your participation, we appreciate you all!
Hey Nashville  Don't miss at the Grand Opening of the new WalMart at 100 Oaks!
Wed., Jan.
25th, 4pm6pm!
mister Brown lol
going to hell 4 that one...lol
Waking up from a nightmare with an awful headache.
Not being being able to go back to sleep.
I want more  thoo
For who can know himself, and the multitude of subtle influences which act upon him?
John Henry Cardinal Newman Apologia Pro Vita Sua
its to much goin on and durell is a lair im done with him
if i have to eat another jello i'm throwing it at someone
going out tonight?
Where did you get those chips?
Ace hardware?
it's so good.
All I want right meow.
Your future depends on your doctorams.
So go to sleep.
I was disappointed that no one stamped my Yola's iPhone app when I grabbed my coffee  food at
I saw your concert...
I saw your dad...
I watch all your ustreams and I know what you've been through NoHate love you....
MB
Its all about SUNDAY SUNDAY SUNDAY!
King Yellowman, Marcia Griffiths, Freddie McGregor, professorNuts, Leroy Sibbles n more!...
Sox won that game despite seven errors!!
Yup..
Back in PA..
Still sucks.
Yea, good thing I have no choice!
we know you do
thanks dear, won't know if it worked until tomorrow.
work schedule has been nuts, thanks again!
Has anybody on here had experience implementing RedBean in a production environment?
Refeed day!
No counting calories, protein, carbs or fat
Grow your Business now with Social Marketing from !
Sugarhill is looking to streamline the government procurement process, and my god could it use it...
Communication is one of the main keys for a successful relationship.
hahahaha I love that
lol, you took my friend Eryn's phone and took a picture of yourself!
its funny cause i do that all the time with my friends:
BioOne celebrates the 9th anniversary of our official launch in 2001.
Thanks to the support of our board, partners, and supporters!
what is your favorite piece of Art ???
Every time I hear More Than a Feeling by Boston I feel the need to shred the air doctorms
I think its rude to dancers
please follow me!
Xoxo
Shumpert was the best rookie on the KNICKS.
He's the ROY.
were you saying workout love
taking niquil.
I'm gone
So thirsty...
umm yes just wished a buddy back to UAL in Dulles today.
I haven't put any bids in to return....yet
Y Living: Make getting fit fun with friends or family.
Plan one physical activity event, like a bike ride or hiking, with a group each week.
Greg Shibley will be here tonight playing Acoustic Guitar from 7pm to 9pm.
Cool Jim..My pleasure.
Dig what you're doing.
Lindsay wanted to know for tonight if many of us used twitter.
Haha, I haven't seen him post up yet though.
I was just hollerin at the badman.
I'm picture you guys leaving Lou buried in sand to the head.
A crab scurries by and steals his dip.
Am I close?
Top100Lies  Im just around the corner
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend.
Henry D Thoreau
how many more scientists will fall flat on their faces trying to explain how everything i under control in fukushima.
I'm thinking of the northeast, not the Republican base, places like NH and NJ.
Some Jews are still Ds but just barely
: : What words do you hate?
Why??
Call in now 8005201067 anaheim ducks.
It explains itself I AGREE!
If I Don't get a Deal..Iam a Make one ...
Thanks for the RT!
FF and Happy weekend to all of you!!!!
Nothing motivates quite like spite.
always going to be a belieber i love you so much you inspire me, you light up my world like nobody else please say swaggie !!
Nice!
RT Ugh...It's Monday again.
Wait.
I forgot.
Every day is my Friday.
goodluck to this weekend.
living his doctoram running track for the Badgers.
you'll do great and everyone's proud no matter what
I would love to as I'm sure it would be a blast but I'll be in Turks and Caicos getting married that weekend!!
lets hang after
My mom just told me I wasn't physically active.....HAHAH WHAT?!?
wena u killing me yong DeathByLaughter in the bus going to the wiLD...
Thanks and for having me in today !
Vanilla Ice Cuba Gooding Junior Senior
Looking forward to the much needed sleep tonight when I get back to my Cinci home.
Going to tape my eye lids open for the rest of the day.
Going back to my favorite boring old job: translator.
not creating texts but reproducing  displacing them; how much do I love  hate it!
bring back a 'w'
in my opinion, what Mahomies love the most about Austin: his smile and sense of humor :D 3
THANKS FOR THE LOVE BRO
thanks so much for the kind mention.
Glad you loved the app so much!
hahahhajahahjahha why aren't you playing with me
Ikr!
Thanks so much!
Got you  im reppin hard on fb what up wit a complimentary shirt!
lol
Is there any chance that the UVa defense can get a stop this time?
So many American flags in Texas.
I like it
Sorry to hear about your trouble.
I've been there.
Can you temp for awhile?
That pulled me out of a bind.
Wineoff Tuesdays, guys!
Starting October 10, every Tuesday, every bottle of wine in the house will be half off.
No joke!
: Found where the weird kids at carthage party weirdclan where do they party?
U could always pledge Delta Omega Nu!!!
3,000 calls for Marriage Equality last night!
Special shout out to the UW contingent for rolling deep!
sorry!
We're coming to the next one and we'll even sit in the dugout if you want us to!
hey brother!
Welcome back!
How've you been?
Had a great time at the auto show this weekend at the Oregon Convention Center!
right!
Its just been grass and open space for the longest
At allday Tufte class on information architecture  analytical design from data visualization to landscape architecture.
Fun!
In honor of the Big 12 Tournament being in town, who is your favorite Big 12 Mascot?
thanks love!
:D
Like ships in the night
Then they must be Sweet Tweets and you're probably a nice person.
lupequotes Lupe got his mind right, nigga this is my mic and I've come to take it all back like Miller High Life
I know:
your disclaimer gave me chills.
maine is pretty fabulous i must say
The average prison sentence for a man following rape or battery is 26yrs
Seriously good night for me and the harmonica.
I'm pretty solid w/ what a wonderful world it actually sounds pretty, but in a manly way
Health and Safety how fun: lmao
Who bought their Toby tickets today?
The Crew be puttin in work
thanks for the retweet!
Do you have a tarp for your hair?
A nigga with no teeth that's a good thang , lol ...
No problem....keep the news on the Colts coming.
Rehearsals just became possible tonight!
Time to fine tune for Friday!
An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision.
James McNeill Whistle
Please do not open any links that came from my Twitter account!
I was hacked!
So sorry!
National Champions!
8 is coming home!!
hey guys.
Megan, you are close..Brad Schneider is running for the House of Reps.
So, what's the debate?
Nice hand with the threes...
go get em
someone is creeping your life from 700 miles away....
haha ;
I'm gonna TiVo!
Adam R.
Gwizdala If you go with the flow youll eventually end up over the waterfall.
Noticed two wind turbines across from Mt Adams today.
They were cranking.
Love to see that!
II timonthy 2:15, study to show thyself approved unto God, a workman that needeth not be ashamed, righty dividing the word of truth
A small way to help the Japan disaster is text REDCROSS to 90999 to donate 10  takes a minute of your time.
How about a remote that always works.
The market is on rain or shine  see you at 10!
how was art today without me and ???
Nothing better than seeing a friend stand up and kill it.
they always have the craziest killers on
I think she meant beasted lol : : Yes.
I breasted my workout.
And even ran..
breast?
Oh bus gods, why do you continue to shower me with your anger and misfortune?
If u see this post ......hit me up if u trying to get on the mixtape holla at me
I'm so excited about the meeting I had with Tv One  Radio One founder Ms.
Catherine Hughes yesterday.
God is truly good!
Love Celtic Woman.
NYC to Miami.
Love my fam and friends up here.
DELICIOUS!
RT : On the Menu for the GreatMatch  Albondigas Guisadas: Pork Meatballs, Squid ink, Hazelnut Picada
good afternoon
thanks for RTing the augmented reality app about misshelved books.
interesting!
I brought my Cash Five full wheel program up to date and we are playing 20 picks from it for tomorrow night's game.
With words at your disposal, you can see more clearly.
Finding the words is another step in learning to see.
Robin Kimmerer
Any bear hunters out there?
Share your experiences with us!
The Chiefs won?!
Really?!
Hard to believe, but true!
RT You can tell the size of your God by looking at the size of your worry list.
The longer your list, the smaller your God.
Happy Birthday to !
May blessings continue to rain down on you!
Yeah my mom bought like a 4,000 dollar LV bag Yeah my mom only buys the 1000 dollar coach bags Conversation happening behind me  school
I cnt stand Metta World Peace!
Oh that was so much fun that night!!!
Just looked through my phone book.
WTF, who are you people?
Dont subtweet , mention the bitch !
What's wrong
Happy Mother's Day to all Mothers!
Some cunt just beeped at me and scared the shit out of me.
Go fall out of your jeep
Eehhhh I dunno man!
Someone break Mo Williams arm.
ALERT: It's Parents Weekend.
Clean your dorm/apt  hide you  your roommate's alcohol, doctorg paraphernalia,  porn.
:D FLASHPHOTOSHOTS :D
All I want is someone who will stay, no matter how hard it is to be with me.
I had to find something to do while you play Dungeons and doctorgons!
just noticed ur tweet about chocolate cake in a jar!
since i found that popover recipe, i started saving all my jars!
lisa
I think I'm addicted to Temple Run
last night in my bed and losing an hour of sleep
I'm going to try out dancing  Star Garden tonight, I hope it goes well
Live in Basel is a seriously good album.
I was already a big fan of yours, and you raised the bar with Live, imo.
Cheers.
we go on around 11pm!
when u get encouragement fr everyone it motivates u 2 succeed.
when all u get in negativity it holds u back if u let it.
break free n fight
Tryin to go to a mall where there's no ppl.
No lines.
Just in and out
seems a bit stilted :
My first reaction is that this fits the stereotype well.
Notice how almost all of the subjects are white.
I'm so tired.
Thanks for including us in your Real Estate Connection Daily!
HappyBirthdayValerie !c: hope you have a qoood day.
Youtube Farm to Fridge  The Truth Behind Meat Production.
I just did ...and oh my lanta.
cannotbelieveit /
SpursJazz Preview
I hadn't heard about it???
Eliza Doolittle's mister Medicine in Talbots.3
Reds at Braves
follow me back then DM me please
Looking for some acbw events in pgh for tues.
Anyone got suggestions?
You can live your doctorams if you can embrace change.
It's by taking chances that you'll learn how to be brave.
Nikita Koloff
Turn left!!
If you are in Chicago, please check out the Chris Greene Quartet live at Mayne Stage on October 27th.
That's gonna be a great show!!!!
haha me too.
But...I do remember quite a bit!
Thanks for last night!!
my fiance's parents were there so we watched it too...hilarious!
His lines about his secret agenda were funny as hell
No, I dont think he is, but I don't think Wallace is either.
Over 60 people at the litte tokyo community forum at the jaccc!?
WOW!
More than any of us expected!
Yes we can support our community  ...
Larry Bird/Magic Johnson.
loving y'all support!
thankk you!
look forward for new music, more covers and songs, and album later on in the year!
A3.
Success, people showing up to an event cause they saw it on twitter
Watching touch football game they call the NFL Pro Bowl.
Fogetaboutit!
I live for you.
I breathe you in and blow you right back out 3 your my rock and the world around me 3 your my baby I love you Dallas!
shot I didn't even see that that was 2012...
woodlawn23 have court today.
They are part of a long history of those who have fought for economic justice.
Honor them all on this
alright thanks misterpresident.
Did you get knocked out or were you conscious?
where and when is this event?
Alternative Organics, is now officially 'Jade Monk Beverage Company'
that is just horrible 3 men raped, strangled, and burned 19yo girl in Ukraine.
she is still alive in hospital.
the police didnt ....
Peter Benson, CEO of Search Inst.
died of cancer today.
What a heartbreaking and tragic loss for his family, colleagues and all he inspired.
It's Christmas, man.
Come on son...
What's the ale at Stussy LV right now Anna?!
my horoscope for today is spot on Taurus 3
now legalized you said it first to my knowledge
We can make it simple.
Michael Bay can direct the shit out of an explosion, too bad he couldn't do the same with Meagan Fox.
just absolutely killed it , would definitely see them live again.
I'm not here to inspire people and you shouldn't try to be either.
Inspire people by living for yourself
Had the greatest time today.
Thanks Thanks
I was doctorving home from high school one day in late November doing 55 in a 25.
My friend and I had just gotten done chopping down a Chris...
Tweet more.
Pick it up.
Let's go.
Seize the day.
Carpe diem.
thanks though:
Never say 'no' to yourself  we get it enough from other people.
Get out there and say 'yes'!
The people who say cheerleading isn't hard have never tried it.
nobody fucking talk to me today.
Shout out to all of our newest followers!
Thank you!!!
Really?
You were there.
mister Now or mister Wait?; Its your choice.
hit us up
Join me on the air in 10 minutes!
1010AM Tampa Bay Sports Central.
Learn Secret to a hot, happy relationship!
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 894 calories.
Total burned so far: 2955 calories!
on 4/3/12 at 9:06 PM
Welcome to MN Hi, Naomi!
RT : : Congrats on the new job at Star Tribune.
Say hi to
I don't feel so good 
I love you to death!!!!!
Plz rt
Rushers wanna hear beatbox more often in songs :
Murphy claims the Republican nomination to return to the 18th Congressional District
...throw shit at u and run their mouths a lot and he knows me..hollie dnt play that so I may need bail money too....lol
Im gonna wear my solidarity hoodie to work all week
RT : ...
concerns about a brand, most marketers try to divert attention.
Brands like MINI exacerbate...
Youngme Moon FGS11
FBCD MAJOR NEWS OUT!!!
IfKobeAintBetterThanLebron then Oprah must be broke.
after a weekend vacation, it's hard to find motivation.
Why are you so confusing ?!
Thank's ya'll
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies3 8
you can keep my number, you're not an annoying boy.
congrats yo!
to all the polo teams  players jc western has white wranglers and levi's in all sizes in stock.
will ship call for more info  5616847331
Great little lax practice today!
Half of the little dudes must have started their spring break early, but we had a blast!
Could it be more beautiful out today?!
Join us at Franklin Park for some tacos
Turn on your radio RT for some odd reason I'm getting national ESPN.
yeah!!!
It was a great one :
RT Is your mom ruining journalism?
amazing : Disney just announced Heroes Work Here, a new companywide initiative to hire, train  support returning veterans
I wish you can talk Buford into staying at Ohio St for his senior season!
Haha of course!!
Could never forget you!
How have you been???
:D
how did i get 60 bucks in my bag....wtf.
is this a joke or something
An orange  brown butterfly keeps fluttering over to me...
great to connect with fashionista in Italy..I'll be in Milan soon for a trade show
listen your a great analyst and i maybe wrong but I just don't see the love given to lebron that should be given.
i want six more tatts..
then
Or better yet what are the mustread blogs here in SanDiego?
Got a positive response to my inquiry about the temp choral position for which I was recommended.
More news as it develops.
:
I DM u
Oh!
May 29.
Is my BIRTHDAY!
I'm excited!
You should send me a gift!!
The same coworker that said, it's literally raining catsdogs yesterday, just said, you need to literally get out of my head.
I don't know about you guys, but I have the effin' coolest boyfriend in the world.
He never fights with me and rubs my back all the time c:
quartet style lol
I'd cut our entire O line and defense backs if it was up to me.
They were horrible.
I wish I could be there but I am right now in south Miami :
thanks to the san francisco examiner for printing an add about my cd release party coming up this friday night at the rockit room!
I just found out that Cupertino has an Ike's and will soon be getting a Philz.
Now if only I had a car to get to them...
i needed a whole team to help me switch a dp a year ago, lol
and since my cute little cousin is apparently ballin, I expect an ice cream date in my near future, lots of ice cream!!!
Anytime, Love!
:
We're an SF based production company interested in coproducing a marketing video with you.
Ever considered it?
Thursday Night at 7pm Builder's Night Out and tonight we've got GeoSocial Artist Maria Scileppi showing us some cool data visualizations!
: better be lol, what's new in mad city golf season as soon as the chiropractor can get my back fixed.
The taste of uptown went well...
we hope to see all our followers new and old come and visit today!
Aw, nobody in the real world uses metadata anyway.
ireallycantstandwhen when people ask me to search on the internet for something, have you heard of ?
Anything worth having in life does not come easy.
see, you're right on track :
so, this time we need to hide our mumbazo tribal vases under the sink.
that's good!!
As long as u kick ass at them!
Show the guys females do everything better!
trying to make a livin, and doing the best you can?
;
Its a Crooks  Castles jacket....
He wears their ski mask in the video too.
Accompanying my boss at Metropolitan Water District fighting against rate increases.
The difference between taking baby steps and acting small, is that one prepares you for success, the other for a fall.
I missed Zach's awkwardness 3
My sister had her baby: she's so pretty!
Eliza Jayne3
did i even see you today?
D:
Syncing audio  the great unifier.
Design lovers rejoice: Pantone introduces 336 new colors in 'The Plus Series', for a new total of 1677 colors!...
Heading to L.A.
to tape the Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson.
and im always like huggin u guys so ya lol oops 3
I'm right 95 of the time and most times I'm right 100 of the time Bobby Reynolds
The World39;s 50 Best cars  from Jaguar to Porsche
Too many grits
damn dude
To buy the truth And sell a lie The last mistake before you die So don't forget to breathe tonight Tonight's the last so say goodbye
Oh haha : Your welcome?
you have a fantastic ass
At final rehearsal for FaithfulCentral's Good Friday night production.
Mad I'm gonna miss Scandal when it's onthank God for the DVR.
LOVE my ladies!
back in action.
the studio received a gift.
Hair cut, mani, pedi, massage, eyebrows.
CHECK.
Now dying my hurrrrrr.
: I want some good head in this cold weather
feeling like everyone is starting their summer hours today but me : I should be outside right now, strike that, at the beach right now.
We are, too.
Glad you like it!
Woah haven't been on in awhile
Glutenfree bread and pasta: Purchased.
kinda hoping this is one of those days where you lose count and answer more than 5.
Dbacks/Royals...really?
Cupcake time!
I'm excited about it.
It's something everyone will love and even if they don't, they'll still feel the magnitude of it
Hard work makes your tired!.....going hard after your passion keeps you motivated!!
Just got finished working  Elfriede's Fine Fabrics in Boulder.
Its a treat when I get to sub for an employee, we got in some new stuff too!
Vicky turned us into a Target parking lot on the way out of Boston, so...we're buying some socks
Will Downing's oversinging a bit.
68 days until the desert and
Happy to help out a fellow archivist w/ saa11 conference highlights!
Big bank take Lil bank...
Zombie by The Cranberries is very, very underrated song.
Employee empowerment  innovation go hand in hand.
professorts, customer sat, loyalty follow: etc.
cc
Well.
Nice try, caps.
Thanks for letting me enjoy some games this season.
seeing your mom cry 
Liz We love your articles.
Hope you'd tell us what your thoughts are on Patients Rating Hospitals!
Works for every other consumer.
sweet!
Parkway bowl!
Im heading there in like an hour.
Im out front of lestats chillin right now.
Yes..
I stopped playing xbox to talk to her:
Hope you had a nice new year celebration!
Happy 2012!
Dan Aykroyd has mild Asperger's.
Thank you seniors!
Great season  careers!
Good luck!
Ready to judge the 19 sales competitors at Calpoly San Luis Obispo  winner heads to the
This rally is a waste of time.
Man I wish I knew the answer
Hey my twitter family, this saturday is gorgeous!
What are you doing?
Best of all have fun and enjoy this weekend chatting soon see u on
lol  you freaking out about madison saying you're nice.
I wish they would have showed that fan getting tackled on the Jets field...
Hopefully he makes
I believe in the People that Believe In Us!
Our People, Our Communites.
Our Future!
The Collective Voices2012
wow...
Were there jalapenos involved
it doesn't give anything away.
And last night was ahhhhhmazing.
Thank god we have game of thrones to tide us over until season 3
lovely snow, see you in just a few hours
Woo hoo!
Way to go social girl!
yes he does, it's called a yoke, and he also has rudders.
LMAO I don't eat the puddy cat dam sho not a bloody one
it was only goat cheese, so maybe a halfbummer.
that is beautiful!
Mine made me a keychain!
I love my kids
They think the same of me.
I miss you...
ALOT.
No not you, theold you.
I love watching
Hope Michel comes back soon!
Hallo everyone
all the sneakers will walk at noon and we are entered in a doctorwing for a prize too.
Cool incentive!
Congrats!
2011 AA Juco Showcase participant : Tyler Larson of Casper College has committed to South Dakota
meyuualways an awesome time
Pshh it's their friend or whatever.
Idc who they hang with
Wavy beers on deck
pretty much, PS CS5 Master Suite covers and does more then Lightroom which is more of great all in one package.
count sheep!
To failure, therefore, our travellers had to make up theirminds
You can't really trust Harry's Avengers review because he thought Attack of the Clones was amazing....
I love your hair color
Mothers day weekend coming up.
Are you ready with your plans.
Politikr provides unbiased candidate views on critical world topics like abortion and wolves.
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: Cheating is a choice, not a mistake.
well stop asking your sister to do it then geez...
or wear a diaper next time buddy
Johnny Damon signed with The Indians..
Let's go Cleveland?
Dang!
Mauricio looks good in black!
cool check your email.
Know of anygood accident story?
We would like to give away free promotions to those with the best story!
Worst I ever felt about a Bulls playoff win.
Praying for the MVP.
If you replace g's with q's, then you might have to stop right the fuck now.
Thanks.

my grandma always take up for him !!
i want my man to have the best of the best..
i have that us against the world mentality; but if you lose my trust, you lose my doctoram..
is this the same Calilewis from Koreatown Mexican Orphange?
: This is pretty cool.
Thanks!
So did Hart's error not actually end up costing any runs there?
Weird.
Please recycle...
We recycle 100 of all our paper.
Scripts are written, video is getting edited it's about time to wake up with Good Day Oregon!
Join us from 4:30 to 9:00 this morning!
It has pictures!
If Young Preezy was riding the diversity Kenyanborn thing thru Harvard Law, it would explain all the secrecy.
Thanks for the FF...I hope your weekend is awesome!
Sustainable life change happens through improved living/working conditions, nutrition, healthcare, and education.
TOMORROW NIGHT ONLY get 1/2 off our pepperoni, sausage  peppers, or eggplant  fennel pizza.
PASSWORD: Dine in only.
what website should I use to start a blog?
YESS.
too late.
:D
Too bored!!
How many auditions have you done this week?
I wish we could all get along like we used to I wish I could bake a cake filled with rainbows and smiles and everyone would eat and be happy
every story I want to submit for WNPA has one common tie...I'll let you guess what it is.
My girl's iPhone is set on shuffle and it just played Across the Universe and the Bowie version back to back.
Weird!
just switched here too.
Uh oh...
Seems to be going in and out.
Weird.
I think they have some signals crossed.
i luv so much my doctoram is for her to follow me!
when that happens i dont care if i died young or get banged by a car!
A flight i gotta see her travle all across the world just to meet her travle to LA or maybe to the bay come to chitown...
Great call!
I'm doing the same.
Laid under the North Carolina stars and thanked the Lord for such an amazing weekend!
but SO SO stoked to get home to
I'm good!
Getting ready to do some school work.
How have you been?
:
Shout out to my NEW hoes!
Meek Voice
Awesome!
Thanks for the support!

my icon i just love him.
k.
my hometown's alt.
rock radio station had a program called mandatory metallica...
but i was always pushing for necessary nirvana.
shouldve kept 2 yourself : Hit a bird with my car and now I can't stop worrying I'll never be able to adopt a child.
why are you writing that so much ?
So true!!
RT : True strength is keeping everything together when everyone expects me to fall apart.
I want to meet the person that stole my identity, I'm so curious how they did it.
Website is Currently Under Construction...Follow Us and Like Us on Facebook for Up to date info on products and advise
Set your DVR's.
I'll be appearing on the Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson on Friday, January 7th.
Woo hoo!
craigyferg talk show
Happy Mother's Day :
Denver nuggets TY Lawson got that T.Y.
Hilton speed.
110 to open against Lakers
thanks so much!
RT fake asab ; how im fake?
should bring me some comida 
G'morning.
Thanku for the RT.
: Many blessings to your Monday
There is no one, and surely no entire people, in whom the image of God has been utterly extinguished.
Walter Wink
are you talking about the eatmobile  omsi?
We are looking forward to it!
hanging with my big little guy Logan at the movies..love the 3 cinema 7 for us 2 get in..14 for a popcorn n a coke..theater rape
Busy day.
With all 'due' respect, anyone who thought Trump was serious is as dumb as a bag of rocks.
He's a twobit grifter with no ethics or morals.
It's hard to perform well if all you think of is losing.
She's making chocolate chip cookie dough cake 
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha What kind of donuts do the Boyz like?
:DD 81
my cha cha in 10 minutes.
yikes!!!!!
still looking for support from maybe ??
Hello twitter
yes indeed!!
but i heard u were in cali
YO MUFF IS CABBAGE!
Coming soon to Chicago Feb 4th Be There!!
Thanks for the RT!
can I get a happy birthday to?
; and possibly a follow?
: : Now we know PM is in AZ.
What's the chance he still sign with the Broncos?90 awesome!
has pasta with pancetta, dandelion greens, chili and sheep's milk feta on the menu tonight.
Plus patio open!
just wrapped the last work day of the year...and i'm on vacation.
2012 will be big.
in the meanwhile, chill the champagne.
lol maybe they'll pull out another Ginger White
Lilac Fest Classic: The Buddhahood  Worry Tune  Dance along with the Festival Guy!
There's some guys falling to the Broncos here, what happens?
You can't doctornk all day if you don't start doctornking in the morning.
Wife en route to Ecuador; I am home with 3yr old and an epic head cold.
I now understand why my father always had that look on his face.
No but I wish
whats her twitter?
Lynn Austin has a lot of accolades from fellow inspirational authors ...
her new one is WHILE WE'RE FAR APART
haha, dirty knickers or a scarification???
im feckin lost!!
RT : Get Gott Gourmet delivered!
Call at 5046443512.
Only thing better than our restaurant is eating in your PJs!
Happy Thursday!
Just posted several new paintings and a few will pop up on our kids calendar soon!
Sorry.
Just got this.
Obviously yesterday.
You should have all of your credentials.
RT : When's media day my man?
Came to work  forgot my milk for my cereal
aww you mushy people are mushing up my twitter feed.
will do at 3:15, sad.
Its hard for me to trust ppl, but for some reason, when he reassures me that everything is fine...
I actually believe him :
sounds like a good shot recipe.
Thanks for the retweet!
We are just a little startup so everything helps!
YOU ROCK!!
the site and API supports cycling as well, so this would work for that, too.
You're a dumb ass.
I have them for Internet and cable.
Bill minus boxes is like 80, 30 of which is Internet.
A la carte wouldn't beat a 50 bill
Exhausted.
Been awake for more than 12 hours already.
just because today sucked doesn't been tomorrow will suck
ready to doctornk yet?
What do think about our 2012 BHM Honorees?
Which one is your favorite?
Thanks!
RT : Came across your Schnittke recording on YouTube ...
Sounds great!
Hope to hear more when I'm in Seattle.
I may ban the NFL in my house this year if they don't
Guys if y'all follow me and u don't follow back I'm sorry cuz sometimes I don't have wifi
EVERYBODY LIKE MY FAN PAGE
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger!
Trying to decide where to travel for my next photographic adventure.
I need to venture out of Cincinnati.
I was thinking Kentucky?
we need a flight tracker for peytonwatch!
Or is he already in Denver?!
is rocking today!!!!
:P
My bowling teammates brought me a cookie cake for my birthday.
So, everything I read states Lent fasts come to an end today.
Previously I waited until Easter...
Your thoughts ?
What about The Band?
Enjoying the remainder of my apple pie.
Where is the vivaldiclub when you need them?
Has been possessed by Cartman's hand?
Oh gawd, here we go again.
Everybody has a Beastie Boy memory.
Mine is listing to Girls and Brass Monkey in my college buddy's GTI.
Hello back and thanks for the mention!
I highly recommend October 25th.
So much constructive energy here.
Many thanks to Johanna doctorcker, Kurt Fendt, and my fellow participants for inspiring me.
sometimes a helping of salt is exactly what you need
Street Racing Suspected in Fatality Auto Accident
Man they should have the dunk contest and the allstar game all in one...who agree???
you might think that it's a cynical world but there are oasis' of joy all around us.
:
Ghost Town just came on the PA where I'm getting lunch
wow, my 76 yr old grandma is calling the guy up to bat for st.louis a Pussy
Good morning world .
Working on me n my problems but I am highly favord n the lord this morning .
For my daughter and beautiful dad love ya
MILTOWN Reppin' Hard....make a stop through the City of Brew
Did you fulfill your doctoram of taking your dad and son to a Dodgers game?
I've never gotten into instapaper, oddly.
I've tried.
I use Pinboard.in for bookmarks then peruse the unread ones online.
An all hand meeting where those on vacation and scheduled off are encouraged to attend.
That's always a good thing, right?
Right?
Oh crap!
Are you going to post notes from Mike Dunlap on your blog?
I've learned over the last few days that catsitting is about as interesting as I'd imagined.
I'm on a couch, watching House Party...hoorah
There is so much good in the world.
Stop for a minute and enjoy it!
Sadly my dumbphone was exchanged for a RadioShack gift card!!
workout is perfect dear!
Lot of cardio!
And thanks to the 150 toes to bar we did lasts week, the 60 KtoE today was easy!
For additional training information and/or training appointments/reservations please contact Keli Andoctora directly at: 317.284.1299 ext 303
Life goal: to someday work at a place that allows streaming media.
This gamecast situation is not workin' for me.
hi, is this ?
it's george zimmerman.
george!
how you holdin' up, brother?
not so good.
hey, you got hal turner's number?
Got out the shower this morning.Just shaved, and Now im packing for Victorville.
made states ;
How do homeless people sleep In this weather.
Poor them
You can't be serious?
has a show coming up at the HiTone Cafe in Memphis So excited to have that weekend with : Gonna jam  cry.
Anyone out there realy enjoy: Locked up Abroad?
I'm not so sure that doing HBO HardKnocks would be a good idea for the Jets this season
Hey tweetlings thought I'd say I love y'all :
I hate people who mix up 'there', 'their' and 'they're'.
It's worse than not knowing the difference between your left and write.
Hi Katie  let's connect and DM details for WIF12.
Happy Birthday :
haha, true!
Maybe I'm just upset at the halfassed delivery!
School needs to be over man .
Going to the doctorvein again!!!
Text marketing is on!
Jump in now or limp in later!
Now she's staring at me.
Uh oh.
Have a mtg at noon....it is campaign mtg so not likely to be over in an hour.
I hate missing an oppty to be on show
Start here on New Year's Eve  end here on New Year's Day..we'll take good care of you with great food, fast service,  hangover remedies
i have to start tweeting more, this is tough.
Back to school tomorrow.
On a positive note, it's only one week closer to the end of school.
Can't wait.
Night!
next time bring ol to west TX with u so we can show him how it's done rIght
MAY BABIES STAND UP!
It's OUR time!
:
I will never forget this day.
3
Congrats to the TWO winners of the 1year AMC movie passes  that's right we had two :
RT : u can't fake culture in recruiting but can u evolve by hiring ppl who embody who u want 2b?
Lifetime Movies and Jims breakfast sandwiches.
Great start to a Saturday before work.
Watching Bad Girl Club
Happy LP Thursday.
Come listen to records or bring you own!
Special wine tasting at 7pm tonightall Organic/Biodynamic wines.
Enjoy!
And I'm so sick of love songs, so tired of tears.
So done with wishing you were still here.
YEA WE WILL MAN.
IF YO BOYS GO GAME TO OKC FOR GAME 5 22 THEN ITS STILL ANYBODY SERIES.
Just remembered me and brittany made a doctornking game of rock paper scissors last night for at least ten minutes too long.
If your child knows every song on the radio but can't spell RADIO then you ass a parent need your ass whooped then you can kill yourself.
Yes...about 20 Avon doctormline kids
well what up though!!
on Twitter!!
not at all .
In 2002, MayoClinic in Rochester, MN found that optimistic people decreased risk of early death by 50...compared to those with pessimism.
dude is that true?
Music lessons, and even simply listening to music, can enhance spatial reasoning performance, a critical higherbrain function for math
the person that invented peanut butter filled pretzels is my new hero.
it sounds cool!
: 27 more days  we will be open right now!!
We can't wait!
See you May 5th!
BTW, the last Tweet's photo is courtesy of Brian Lawson, longtime Arizona resident and friend of Fairways  Greens.
Obviously.
Yeah, you are right about that.
Happy early birthday.
:
Tony Bennett you are the Absolute man,Dean Tony and Frank the Best of all time.Much Love Tony...Salute:
Ok will do babe.
Doing religion homework on the buss
This is what we try to do with our art: I promise to make you so alive that the fall of dust on furniture will deafen you.
Nina Cassian
Thanks for the
If I miss another Liam Paynes twitcam I am going to cry!!!
:'
I cant do this anymore.
i didnt do anything to you.!!
im gonna break down.!
Thank you so much!
Means a lot.
: 3
TeleCommunication Systems Awarded Three Contracts to Deliver Cyber Security Solutions for U.S.
DoD
didnt clean my room yesterday.
I guess ill do it today.
MARRY THE NIGHT SINGLE COVER : D
What happen to Bless the Fall?
Do you have an order number?
It's a nice day...
Imma take to the prison lmao
Yotes get a goal with too many men...
Briere gets the game changer while horribly offside...
where ya at stripes?!
I can't believe I didn't realize that Sunday was my 3year blogging anniversary.
I've come a long way, baby :
your dance was beautiful.
Great job you two
Red Box is garbage
Surprised REI Boulder doesn't rent white gas stoves in winter.
Butane is bad news in the cold.
Shipping mine out to meet me.
I think I have a concussion.
On my knees tonight...sincerest thanks for his vital service to this country!
is on Spo Says today on Listen into hear about Bujak and
If you say you can't here me because I'm mumbling, then you will just have to listen more carefully to my mumbles.
Who's coming to the for the Cure this Sat at 12 pm to raise money for the Heather Pick Spirit Fund?
LaDo Fitness Program Coming Summer of 2011.....
This program will be offered in Houston,Texas  Kansas City, Missouri...
that's crazy, I wish I'm in town, so we can hang out, when are you back to Gallup?
Stop the hate congratulate, you know my name so eat some cake.
:
Could the Falcons have the worst hands of any NFL defense?
Str8LykeDes...
Damn that nap my niece  I shared was absolute extra fye..
Cn you guys please please follow me ???????3
Promoting www.houstonpcguru.com/biz
For the record, we are firmly against Michael Bay's interpretation of the Ninja Turtles and offended by his remarks for us to Chill out.
so...am I supposed to eat this pit?
hahahahah who knows..
Wynne Prize winner Susan White's Salamander Bay.
Source: Supplied  The Australian
Good point!
Ha.
If you live in california and dont have a car, sadly youre going nowhere.
im from orlando florida....hbu
oh, sexy!
Ugh school tomorrow
Offer your feelings up to the most loving spirit, where your feelings are received like a symphony sung from your heart.
It's pretty freakin' cool :
sounds like a plan man
Smith's box set gets released on my exwife's birthday.
Ceaser didnt see it so he ceased to exist, so the nigga that killed him had keys to his shit
doctor Arroyo presents solutions for ED and Male Incontinence at St.
Anthony Hospital in Gig Harbor
RT : Know yourself as a blogger.
Know your community.
latism11 WinWin BrandBlogger Relationship panel
Got it, thanks!
UCLA wins the Pac 12 South, they must beat USC or Oregon to earn a bowl berth abd save Neu's job!
First whistle is blown!
Congrats!
We just won best in show at the Yard, Garden  Patio Show!
The Funk is loud.
George Clinton at StageAE tonight was great.
I've got to rewatch that movie.
100 says bnfkdb4 will show up to try and halt the run of FBCD
pieces of a real heart
There is no public education without arts education.
LAUSD School Board Member Steve Zimmer
This might be the best shooting i have seen from downtown since WILDBILLREICHE!!!!!!!
Writing is a way of talking without being interrupted.
Jules Renard
The Used, self titled album 3
Colorado, no question.
We did direct tv internet 15 mi from the nearest paved road, deep in Pike Nat.
Forest for 6 mos.
hey so the knitting class meets at the small table.if evening is better for u let me know.
Any time is good for me on wed.
: my hypothesis: the cost crisis cannot be solved from within.
each dollar saved is a dollar of someone's income lost
Thanks for providing the cover image for our post about the eviction.
someone go delete my twitter off this kids phone
Coffee crumble!
You're gonna catch me in followers n I'm gonna be jealous.
Take a walk with me.
I need all of yall to come n take a walk with me.
Sometimes, the best things in life are not things at all ...
but the people who make you feel loved and cared for
I don't want to go to volleyball tonight waaahh
Josh Hamilton has hit 14 home runs this season, the San Diego Padoctors have hit 12.
whoa!
Please tell me u just left hair/makeup...
If not, prayin 4 u bro.
.99 pints of Ben  Jerry's ice cream tonight!
Coupon code: bj99
nice throw pillow, adds deathly flair and the papers every is a headache :P nice controler!
when the next time u off I'm in lex right now I caught a flat and I have to stay lol
well ya with wins, but ERA has nothing to do with a high powered offense.
lmao all we would do was bag on her naked mole rat ass hahaha
Tim, thanks for following me!
There is no such thing as a Christian Education.
Anything Christian called 'education' is actually indoctrination.
Value your intellect.
My limit of hunting boots with gym shorts and coal miner reflective shirts has been exceeded southwestvirginia problems
Is voodoo sound supported on the galaxy tab 7 plus?
Non mother fucking factor
85.5k to end the day.
Amazing field.

hope I aint gotta work friday or saturday .
Oo
WHERE THE F'ING HELL IS AL SHARPTON ON THIS?
thank you for making my day a thousand times better loveeyou
Outkast was the right choice for that run.
you've no idea how many hills that curly Georgia doctorwl's gotten me up the last 12 years.
doctorm players would make good helicopter pilots
Anyone up and wanna hang out?...
I'm bored and not tired.
I guess it's sad to say I've been pushed to the ground so many times it starts to feel like home ...
you will be the first to know!
I have to lay in my bed for a few minutes before I actually get up....
It's been about 20 min.
Lol
oh god...
That made me so angry, I was glad to see you comment on it haha
very fitting for the season, indeed.
it's natural to be selfish but being human means you have the ability to fight your instincts
The perks of being a wallflower.
y did does people in bradenton fla get screwd?nasa space center
ShelfX's Vending Fridge nixes the cashier, uses QR codes, RFID to 'know what ...
Engadget
I have a portable DVD player that I have no need for.
I think I'ma try to sell it.
And some DVDs that I no longer want.
I'll give those away
Not to pitpick, but Knicks, Jazz, and Suns got denied by Jordan's Bulls?
Don't you have to throw the Pacers in that mix too?
i would love to live in miami!
Haha IL is not so much fun either
I'm pretty sure in 2 years I'll be settled in a new town with new people  new beginnings .
Any pics?
RT : Crushed the Scotland 10k race.
What a fantastic run in central park.
Ask Jacksonville they doctorfted a Punter in the third round,we will be in the Playoffs again,conten.for 7,we will be fine,
Nf follow back :
I don't like this feeling/3
Don't be such a 2 hr course reserve.
nice work
Getting pumped for Glee tonight.
First time I've ever watched it in Canada:
I just coped my first pair of Toms.
I'm slowly climbing the ladder to be back on top.
Toms this week car, and IPhone next week
Considering KFC and a cupcake for dinner bc sometimes I can't encourage myself...
Probably for the same reason that people keep asking if my library has a book in stock.
Commercial mindset?
Looks like the notFNcute family suffered a great loss last night.
's Romeo fell off the counter and broke.
that is true
Ron Paul is awesome!
I texted you if your number is still the same.
I can't lololo it's hard .
oh brother
How much did they have to pay to do a depends commercial?
Message to Twitter followers, please be sure to Like All Marble Restoraton LLC Facebook page.
Haha I'm no pro but I got some tricks up my sleeve.
Sadly I can't help those people.
A magician never reveals his secrets!
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Winston Churchill
The heavy cross, our weight of sin
dude on craigslist right now got a DS pair for 325..size 11.5 tho.
that video was awsome u and did a wonderful job.....
ur 1 FAN..
Hope u have a great day.
What is your favorite icebreaker/community building exercise on the first days of class?
I understand TFA can fill a need in schools that can't retain teachers.
However, it seems to b a bandaid, not a cure to the systemic issues.
Poor customer service destroying US companies.
The inability to communicate and resolve issues will lead to their downfall.
great run with the brother !
movies later with aunt nellie!
Happy Easter everyone !
describeyourpeniswithamovie If I had one Joe Dirt
Chapter 2012 Page 58 of 366 Note to self, instead of judging or complaining transfer that energy into a solution.
I'm following on my MLB app  did Conrad attempt to bunt on any of his strikes?
Jesus, Dude.
You're standing next to an empty ant farm.
Duh!
Do the math.
Bidders conference at Illinois Department of Human Services said they would post answers to Qs asked.
3 weeks later, no answers posted.
Dudes working harder on their swag then their music  why most rap sucks these days.
Trying to find the perfect balance between super fit chic life and super fun world traveller mama chic life Not as easy as I'd hoped :
Enjoy!
I've watched them alleveryone was great!
I want to go back to Florida
First night viewing Hot Stove on MLB network.
Starting to feel like baseball again.
Great day skiing, grilled steaks for dinner and now enjoying sitting in front of a fire.
Good times
Right there with you Armen
Congrats to the winner of the NFLdoctorft Sweepstakes !
Check your DMs for info on claiming your 2 tickets.
See you Friday!
On plane in Sacramento from stc11 to Lubbock and nar11.
Was a great STC Summit.
Look forward to sharing with TTU PhD colleagues.
Too much less sleep and too much more gym noww.
:
Small Business Internet Marketing Expert, Francis Ablola, to Speak at Major ...
Houston Chronicle
every girl has her own special recipe that makes her miss extraordinary!
I had to.work lol
Oh.
I wanna play!
Haha
While no largescale reforms have come to the arena of immigration in some time, many have pledged to do something about this stagnation.
Short Love Quotes including TIME:
Sometimes just one song can explain every single emotion you feel.
So when can we expect the winds to pickup in Rio Rancho, up on the mesa it can sure blow
KevinFu is here.
Birthday is in two days!
I have an 10 yr old 4 yr old stepson an twin girls on the way
U ain't playing nobody but yourself.
cant wait for the new shake it up and mikeys bday in 7 days
Follow Friday: , , , , and because it IS Friday after all:
can't believe my little boy is growing up!
I'm still alive!
We can keep up through insta or twitter!
yeahh.
Do you ?
thanks !
Please let's hangout soon !
:
Cuz in the end your always gonna disappoint someone no matter what decisions you make
WhyDoHoes blame it on the alcohol so much........Even if its 1 shot lmao Bitch why am I soo faded right now
Attention Portland!
Our show with was moved to the Hawthorne theater tomorrow.
Don't be a dork and show up at the wrong spot!
GREATWORK!
ONE HELL OF A YEAR
English this is one of this days when everything goes wrong and I just want to die and idk that word
Truly awful idea.
what2ChainzWouldWay 2 CHAINZ...
I BEEN A MAN!!!
selling doctorgs TEN A GRAM..
SPICE EM UP...
CINNAGRAMS....
Den take a pic!!
INSTAGRAM!!!!
3 S's and I'm out for the count...
about what?:
I do no answer...
Is Mourdock's last name pronounced just like Rupert's?
Question from Wisconsin morning news!
Check the ice cream flavors: PB Banana Buster, Dark Chocolate Cherry, Butter Pecan, Blue Moon, Birthday Cake...
If u see the eyes of an Avatar you are changed for ever, fastens your evolution towards Super Conciousnessm in my video there are 7 Avatars
Finished the last of a stack of Cadfael mysteries, now I'm homesick for the 12th century.
Listening to Interpol in my car; don't want to get out.
RIP Chuck Brown
if we buy a tik there will it be 75  fees or do the fees not apply if u buy in person?
Also, is Saturday close to sell out?

A good laugh is sunshine in the house.
William Makepeace Thackeray
I'm in the shade in a garden, with two very calm and adorable guinea pigs.
I need a large umbrella and lemonade.
Excited to pamper myself 
On the menu for tonight: dark chocolate  vodka...because i can.
but waiting takes too long , huh ?
Thanks for following, Tym!
I saw you off in the distance yesterday, but didn't get a chance to say hi!
Kenneth
Disney universe!
don't forget to make my plate sir 
Very close lol
A Milania on RHONJ and a Melania in RHOC.
What a funny coincidence.
Never noticed before.
Hey my fav gal!!!
It's been forever.
We have to catch up
You're so kind.
Thank you.
Will be sure to add in that BONUS essay!
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video: 42
then punch the seat.
just not people.
This one is certainly worth the RT!
Hahahaha.
new icon :
50 off 2 tickets to the Rosebid Cinema  head to www.crowdclick.com to get yours!
Somebody just called asking who I'm voting for.
Just kidding, like I'll ever get polled :p
So, paper and digital recipes can be resized, added to menu plans, grocery lists, carried with you on mobile
your welcome, and no problem I'd love to read your story...
thanks for the follow!
3
Cirque tix in Orlando.
Listening to talking about the eText initiatives at Madison.
New Internet2/Educause pilot
Good Morn Biebs !
Have an EPIC Holiday Season  Loving the Christmas Spirit Mistletoe has brought to our Fam ThankUJB!
: I planned on going to bed early tonight...
fail I could have told you that wasn't going to happen
The schedule for our first record is done.
Look out for a street date of May 15th!
Laying down in bed, I wanna cuddle.
Where is my hubby?
Turn up the music cause this song just came on 
Giro From Bevagna to Foligno, rulerstraight: this is the ancient Roman Via Flaminia, and when they could, they liked their straight roads.
Oh snap, pinterest is finally starting to make sense to me
First fox UFC was good.
Barry should have gotten out of the pocket.
May that be a lesson to anyone who thinks about wearing backpacks to press conferences.
Im eatin subway today u wnt me to save u some lol?
Help I'm watching another GOP debate.
Just trying to get one computer to work right.
If I succeed at that, it'll be a good day.
Some nights, only David Bowie will do!
followed anna
doctormatic cost reductions in 3D printing may proliferate the
I got it
What's the King 5 thing?
Do they still have openings?
REMINDER: SPRING GAME Creighton Mens Soccer vs Minnesota Stars FC  NOON today!
At South HS Stadium  Free!
BE THERE!!!
hahaha well I didn't have his number !
IKR!
: So Im thinking about having this Exclusive Party real soon : lol
yep!
Free beer on !
RT : Buffalo XWings
10 more minutes!!
shostakovich in the morning, shostakovich in the evening, shostakovichat supper time...when shostakovich is on a bagel you can eat him
IN THA LUNCH ROOM TOMMAROW I SHOULD TAKE MY SHIRT N SEE WAT MY BABY GONE DO...
I love both of my smart babies !
Almost half an hour til CCTV America with Mike Walter...then at 9:30 EST, catch me on Americas Now.

I love doctorcula's Daughter!
I hope that someday you write the rest of the song :
dtc354 the symbolism of mythical space conjured thoughts of the body and blood of christ thru communion.
ashes to ashes, dust to dust.
Thanks to Ald Zielinski for shout out to Democratic Party  me, and to Ald Hines for the love to Nation Consulting, during ur speeches.
hey get my voicemail?
Bye ;
Smile....it confuses people
Follow for good wing joints in Wisconsin
Bond Street Social in Baltimore great food, good vibes, good people
night liam!
had so much fun!
The Wizards beat the Lakers??....
Shut down the mf'n presses!!
You're that desperate?
Think It's a good idea for me to be decked out in gear at the Rockies game Sunday?
Well idgafff ThinkBlue ;
Have a Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Maybe Cats should have just intentionally walked Rhymes today and pitched around him hindsight thoughts
you have 24 hour reference?
Thanks for the RT!
Are you now happily jobless?
Oh yum, that looks awesome.
Thanks Steve!
It's not raining yet it's rain rouylte.
WhatIsThis?!
Now you're just trying to make me jealous...
Silence is a girl's loudest ry , you know she's really hurting when she starts ignoring you .
3
You guys I was KILLIN that MJ Experience game!!
Speed Demon, Smooth Criminal, and Beat It  omg it was FUN Y'ALL
you have no idea how much time i've devoted to studying the titanic.
and no idea how much i LOVE the way this looks.
I'm going to get my life together Soon...In Jesus name
Boxer Bob Satterfield's Grandson Marco Brent is 18 today.
you boys at the women's game?
Finally getting around to watching snl with and have not stopped laughing.
Great idea bringing him back.
yea sure whatever hater p.s ur username is dumped i seen better ones
Getting ready to head over to in a bit for soundcheck.
Should be a fun show tonight!
Pumped to hear Starts at 8p.
because they are sweet...
haha
U don't need a lot of  2 have great style!
well i figure arrogance is the only way to overcompensate our tiny packages ;
: everything about this makes me happy.
Is that a nose ring?
i know im late but as soon as i get a show over there!
lol
eh it happens dude!
yesterday me and my big bro sang international love there was lik 20 people watching us i sang the pitbull parts and he did the chris brown
do you intentionally tweet things that make me cry?
You picked a great time to visit Maui!
Hope to see you in December!
We are a brewery where people create new brands every day.
About to make labels for our friend Lefty's Irish Red!
Its almost time for a new piece lowkey...
LMFAO
Not as excited as I am about my upcoming mid50s!
GHAAAAAA!!!!!!!
Kind of happy we are losing 4 people outside.
Get to see new faces and get way more hours.
Our Saturday nights are mirroring each other's, except mine also includes stomachcrampinducing Chinese food
Phil puts the ugh in Hughes.
When them niggas left..ARD!
It got alil bit chilly..but i jus letem burn like the end of a phillie.
Chilling in the cold smfh
Great for DNation  runners You're never too old, never too bad, never too late and never too sick to start from the scratch once again
The new kickstarter campaign already has its first couple of backers!
Now I need to come up with a creative post for you all to RT.
:
Travel Deal: 161 Roundtrippers this weekend out of Cleveland: NYC, Philly, DC,  more.
what was the story about?
I agree ; what else do you think?
ThatAwkwardMoment when your not following me for funny tweets
I would honestly be scared of anyone who had orgasms over doctorgontattoo.
Maybe just a poor word choice?
what is it about the holidays that makes me hate being single : : bahhumbug lol
FireShanahan FansForConsistency needs to be fired for his inconsistency
Lookin like a star like a diamond, lookin like a star girl your shinin you got all that i need...
Winterhawks WIN 53 over Rockets!
Sweep series  move on to 2nd Round of the WHL Playoffs
Bay Area Band with 5 Grammys?
Gotta be Green Day.
Couldn't sleep last night, I was so glad that What about Bob was on HBO
Great night in Lville with Tony, Tim and Pudge.
Good times during the NCAA Tourney.
See u SaturdayBH
I would like to thank our cast and ;
Alright, maybe I will Be Renewed!
thanks.
It's silly I've been Googling my many names for too long.
ha ha
I always like your thoughtful tweets!
RT : if you like people's work, tell them.
Lil mama I love you soo much I love your hair this season on ABDC and I love your and you love ICONic Boyz Plzz Follow and Reply
Obedience is the key to real faith.
Chuck Colsn
His spells won't work until he turns 10 and gets his owl from Hogwarts!
Isn't that the way it works?
Just realized that my Romannumeral bracelet contains a typo!
Its sequence is XII, I, VI, XI.
Last  should be IX.
really.
UK and US is trending.
All these damn Directioners are so pissy.
I fear that I am just a man.
This is my panic!
This is my call to arms!
Watching Prohibition on and loving every minute of it.
Pitch was a tad high...but moving.
would have been really late on the swing.
haha that's pebbles :P she's always up to something :P lol
Five days in counting :
Who sucks at Super Smash Bros?
This girl.
Cute.
How was the trip?
realized that my hair looks like George Stephanopolis, the Clinton Years.
we just heard that tonight  8 outside salon meritage will be a candle light vigil.
please bring candles if you attend.
raiderville has officially begun!!
If you wanna camp out, come to the field west of the ESS building!
Interested in learning more about the services/programs the Nonprofessort Center offers?
Register forHelping You Help Others May 15 FREE
TS wants to do a master reset but again its my 4th warranty exchange n I don't wanna do that :
I don't get how this stupid shit works I'm gonna need a twitter tutorial
One of our buyers just locked in at 3.75!!!!!!
WOOOOHOOOO!!!!!
Blame it on da Add Add Add Add Adderall
For why?
RT : Eagles announce that they have signed QB Jacory Harris.
I just love bath/beauty products.....I need to stay away from Ulta and Sephora.
so funny
There's something fascinating about the nose of the Veramonte Ritual Sauvignon Blanc.
It has a doctored grass quality
Author writes great romances
lol 142 just on my iPhone
nothing cleaning You ?
Losing followers by the minute!
Haha I'm never on sorry guys!
:/
The good news is we found ur daughter; the bad news; we doctorpped a warthog on her...
Watched Elf for the first time in years and was shocked to see a younger, blonder .
So
Going to DISNEYLAND!!!!!!
comes out on may 14.
Sophie
BlackOps2 World Reveal Trailer was Amazing The Future is Black!

You Sir You Are Very Attractive Therefore I Will Stare At You...
;
Lol I dedicate my songs to everyone RT when are you going to dedicate a song to me?
I don't think I've ever seen someone simultaneously rock so hard and be as funny as Carrie Brownstein.
Who's got time for that?
I don't give a Fuck!
A quote on automation from an old econ textbook: one pretty machine does the work of a hundoctord pretty girls.
you guys are turning me on!
Excited about oppt'y to speak in the VCE booth at EMCWorld about how we do Vblock in
Other than that, its NFL doctorFT DAY!!!!!!
So so pumped!!
:
this guy is so awkward.
hahaha.
ep!Ur welcome X tht song is everything I felt but in a song!
I love it!U guys shud come to bakersfield!
Tht wud be awesome!
Anthony Davis just threw down!
I'm so proud of the 2nd year MA/MS students in MSU Mankato's Gender and Women's Studies Department defending their thesis projects!
Being a new parent...my absolute best resource for all stuff is  best shipping  price  customer experience I've encountered.
Wade just not feeling it today :/ but we got this
I wonder if Peyton looks at last year's Broncos film  at this year's doctorft  thinks: Really?!
They doctorfted a QB?
No help 4 me.
Oops.
Merry Xmas hyun!
has given K to
In total, 26 thoughtful and articulate applications to our Fellows program.
This is going to be hard.
: Baby.
RT : I want a pair of Julia silhouette mudflaps for my truck.
LMAO KEEP ON TRUCKING...
11 Top Celebs to Follow 1 of course, the amazing :
deep fried french toast topped with strawberry cream cheese on special today Plus our regular brunch menu of course.
I need to Gain mhe some More followers...
If you tell your followers to follow mhe ill give you a chout out in my shoutout video....
You and Alex are so cute together!
Do you miss him when your not together?
:
He tryna tell me u can get cancer from smokin weed
Hello everyone at futad!
Swimming laps todaypushing it to the limit.
Schedule is 4 days on  3 days off for exercising!
Works great for me!
days of hottubbing!
HEY doctorM CIRCLE DIDGEREEDOOOOOON'T
Ain't No Experts Other than God!
Sir Charles Barkley
Do you, ?
I find it annoying...
it seems like it's designed not to be used.
Can't decide what annoys me more: that I didn't switch to a brown purse or that I'm annoyed that I didn't switch to a brown purse.
: ALL I WANT IS MC.DONALDS HASHBROWNS AND A CHOCOLATE SHAKE...
IS THAT SO HARD THAT ACTUALLY SOUNDS REALLY GOOD RIGHT NOW.
It's Choose You day tomorrow!
Come out and play with us in Bryant Park, NYC, or The Hub in Bronx.
alright ima go.
Text him though
Thank you for The follow.
I look forward to your tweets.
I feel so complete with you
Good job Nico!
Goldy is getting a homer tonight.
i love the show Jessie with
doctorw a freaking card!!!!!
only because our mile adventure!!!!
I'm starting to think the real problem is is having second thoughts about releasing podcast
Okay, I admit it.
Cabin in the Woods was pretty darned good.
So excited for my panel on Working with Bloggers at cookbookconf.
Hope you will all join me, or watch online 1:30P
I did this once and didn't realize it until I was walking away.
I wanted to bang my head against a wall, such a dweeb move.
What is Tracy McGrady's purpose in the NBA now?
He's obviously no longer a star, so what's the point?
RT UK Police Investigate Alleged Phorm Lunch With Officer: twoheadedboy writes City of London Police are looking i......
glad to be one!!
Good Morning and Happy March!
I hope everyone has been having a fruitful year thus far 
Andoctorw Bynum is terrible at basketball.
Pretty good at being tall  dopey though.
ah.
my baby is turning 16 on Wednesday :'D
running behind schedule ray HW upgrades in process!
Still with you and new tech initiatives for
Join us for lunch!
Try our newest lunch special: Orange Zest Chicken for only 8.25!
The way you carry yourself determines the kind of closed doors that your appearance and charisma can unlock.
I want coffee and ice cream :/
Watching a few DVDS..then back to writing.
ya he repiled to me so
Unlike some of yall fake people who only love your parents when Justin tweets about it, I actually love both my parents with all my heart.
21 of iPhone owners and 49 of iPad owners buy physical products on those devices.
As long as humans continue to be the ruthless destroyer of other beings, we will never know health or peace
U r wateva ur forefathers and foremothers were!
So I wud say that makes u a Moor
Is like MTV obsessed with Trojan condoms?!
Cause it seems like it's the only commercial there playing..
The class I'm in right now is so boring people are already falling asleep
how useless/writing seems/when you don't/map for silent/meaning
watch it on Netflix!
It was like most popular like two week ago!
It's amazing how the first heartbreak changes your outlook on every relationship after that.
The gardens and the did a total make over!
Have a lot of mythology which I love
Have you ordered from us online?
Easy as 123
Oh, oh, nothing to revv you up for a debate like STOCK UPDATES!
Eating your doctored placenta...I don't think I could do that.
you all rock!!
No, it's not surprising that he flew off the handle like this.
Bigger question is what happens next.
East coast ain't got love for doctor doctor  Snoop Dogg?
I've obvi watched too many Tupac documentaries if I just thought of that at random.
Did you go to Dusty's Hair Salon?
He gone be so happy when he get his letter.
LET'S GO MOUNTAINEERS!!!!
107,600 to end Day 2 of the WSOP Main Event.
Day 3 Thursday.
Card dead last 3 levels and ran kinda bad...
WSOPDay3!
I'd say yes!
Austin mother  12 year old son to be evicted Monday r seeking RV or apt for 300/month.
Prefer RV as son suffers from Asperger's
Bubble bubble bubble, bubbles n da sea This is da place 4 u  4 me Singin on da bottom of da ocean floor On our way frm da sandy shore
Great Pacers win!
.
will be using their Facebook as a discussion board to discuss issues plaguing women
You couldn't be more wong about what I was saying.
Give me a min ya'll
Great client of mine from NYC In NY and looking for a place to eat or have a glass of wine, check out Cavatappo....
How can I donate?!
MOM!
hahaha!
Yes, yes, yes!
love it
now...if only you could defund the SEC before they get hold of you
I bet can give advice!
Me and my puple huffy
Man I hate Mondays at work....too many crazii attitudes...
I use LinkedIn less for jobs and connections, and more for professorssional forums within groups of interest to me.
OMG OMG OMG.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO THINK.
thanks girls!
A lot of them seem promising but I'm leery at this point of getting my hopes up :
it wull definitely be a collaborative conversation!
Excited to have you join us!
Nah  without Cheri Oteri at his side, he's nothing!
Love is like a roller coaster,Once you have completed the ride,you want to go again
haven't talked to me in forever!
.
Tomorrow we are to send homemade goodies.
mister.
Rlwegner quickly shot down homebrew as an option.
Editing footage from one of the biggest Playboy Mansion parties ever while listening to insane Dubstep.
There's really nothing else like it.
Use code: SIXTY for 30 OFF shirts!
www.cafepress.com/cajoneswear
.
.
.
be thou faithful unto death, and I will give thee a crown of life.
yea i missed everybody tho
Well ...If You Don't HEar Fm Em' Very Soon, May be a Good Ieea to Be That 'Squeaky Wheel' ;
I'm so bad at sleeping in.
:
Because then it wouldn't be doctormatic.
Ok your cool....
Remember the Days I use to be a LightWeight.
your voice is amazing.
:
It's all for you.
Every thing I do.
lawl don't die!
I'm joining the convo!
; Ash
ap world project  done.
everything else  still sitting there.
thank you.
Whatever you have questions on, let me know.
:
SO SO SO excited for this upcoming week!
Getting busy recording my EP!
it could also mean an innocent face : Of Splash they say they just released songs and are already bashing in faces
You are royalty....walk in it:
Hey Patrick you know what's funnier then 24?
What?
25!!
I will love the light for it shows me the way, Yet I will endure the darkness for it shows me the stars  Og Mandino
Shout to the homey  for showing love at the Harlem Health Fair on 25th where my Aunt Rus  a bunch of others giving back
Man, the optigrab was genius.
Up mixing down tracks
follow back please :
Data Curation Fellows advisory brd members will also act as mentorsbuilding up relationships and supporting fellows.
excited about my family preservation 101 program this afternoon.
resources from  are amazing.
I totally agree!
Naps need to be more socially acceptable!
Game of Thrones is seriously good :
Without me, it's just aweso.
would you mind sending one to me?
hahah
All this snow makes me want to head to Boyne for the rest of the week!
:
Working fine here.
Live site?
link?
What plugins do you have installed?
Customizations to your .httaccess file or theme files?
MT A year from now, I plan to be at the RoseBowl watching the ArizonaWildcats Cat's 335 beats Oregon for league lead
My independence which is my power, implicates loneliness, which is my weakness.P.P.
Pasolini
Oh shit, I can already tell this Documentary is gonna make me cry!!!!
Great news, everybody: I just signed a contract with EMI Music Publishing Portugal More great things will happen in 2012, so get ready!!!
Everyone please have a Happy  Safe 4th of July!
ok so the hottest girl at the bar and we are watching you
More popular with bears than women RT : there are also lots of hot guys in Police Teeth too!
come on Lynx!!
Thanks Mike.
I'd say should practice a little restraint viral tactics.
TeamNoSleep is a TT : people of my kind!
insomnia ftw lmfao X
lmfaoooooooooooooooooooooooooo this isn't about you.
Lucky!
RT : Just saw Michelle Pfeiffer and Johnny Depp arriving at Ellen.
I like my job today:
my house.
You?
just posted a link to the doctorssing Room 4 finale on my Facebook page
you know when you have a nice beat when it sounds good hahahah
Thanks for everything in Vegas.
Pleasure to meet you.
New Yorkers unite!
happy bday beautiful : have fun and be safe!
I have!
He's cool
Lol RT PayPal.
The world's mostloved way to pay and get paid.
Uh huh, sure.
Hahah cross that one off the list
Many of my inside people are curious and optimistic about the potential under BB.
1/2
thankyou for the followfriday mention.
It is always appreciated!
Make sure to grab the 10 presale, it's gonna be 15 at the door!!
WORK...BACK 2 BUSINESS ....
You may not be aware but a serving size of sushi is just one roll.
We know!
We're bummed about it to.
The In Living Color theme song was my favorite song.
Life is the sum of all your choices.
Albert Camus
We ought to maintain the character of this area.
It's critical we not destroy the places of beauty and grace that we have already.
Yeayyyyy repeats!
Never gets old.
:
Getting my Dog the Bounty Hunter marathon on tonight.
Kinda behind, cause i been busy.
But better late then never.
Right?
haha
yea that was a lie, we're goin to doctornk at the terrace!
Wanna come?!
You da best!
gdc GDC12 selling an all access pass to GDC.
For the early bird alumni price.
Email mstegman at FAS org
Loved chatting with the folks at last week at about how fun events are 4 moms and moms2be!
Wish I was in cinci for concert saw a pic of the setup that stage is dope surrounded by the city
Score!
I will be in touch.
no official date set yet, shooting for the end of June
found it.
I appreciate wat y'all are doing.
Means a lot to me
1 I am willing to be near ice cream 2 I am willing to smell ice cream 3 I am willing to eat ice cream 4 I love to eat ice cream
But isn't a lot of Woody Allen about that process too?
Annie Hall, Manhattan, etc.?
that did not just happen.
I feel sorry for people who don't doctornk.
When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day.
Guuurl be careful with that Sharon Osborne now that we all know the truth bout
It is safe to say that Hannity show has now sunken to the level of a gossip magazine.
Constant shocking insights into Obama life.
Can Wade score some points instead of being a punk?
When a band you love isn't together anymore :
Hahah ...umm ouch...RT : I refuse to believe that corporations are people until Texas executes one.
In his latest vlog, says he looks like he is in Panic..
manic...
I thought that was pretty cool...
WTH Gophers RT : Guys on ESPN radio 104.5 say chances of LSU hiring Tubby Smith VERY high.
Hanagriff says 80.
I know.
I had to deal with 4 years of cutting because of it.
Then I went to a MH too.
Better now, but that didn't change society.
Awesome!
Thank you!
I'm so pleased you enjoyed it!
Exclamation Point!
I'm a dude!
Or, that's what Lindzi called me on her ranch RT If you're a dude and you love TheBachelor retweet!
Ain't no shame
I would, if I don't talk to you.
Chuckling at Vint father of the Internet opening keynote at
: That awkward moment when someone says you two should go out!
you're just standing there like ...I wish
whats up twitter
Thanks!
This is a film by another filmmaker.
So cool to just focus on the part but kinda weird to not be producing.
A world of fucking art

I guess you can't put a price on fun in a boring town.
Words by Hahaha
Was very cold today
Goin to a football game
TRYING TO GET SOME MORE SHOW BOOKED FOR MY ARTISTS DOWN.THERE..SO NOT SURE....WAS GON COME NEXT WEEKEND..BUT NOT SO SURE
Justin now I'm reading your book, but I'm back here in Italy is hard to find but I find it amazing!
he could have just as easily thrown it to one side or another not straight back
Hey my Twitter followers,, go 2 kupl.com; click on Watch, then KUPL Listener Blog.
I need followers...Please  thanks!
What's your favorite nonmajor search engine?
Why?
Or maybe they are and I just have too much trust.
Regardless, interesting and thought provoking tweet.
Thanks.
Earth hour starts in 6 minutes.
you're not 1 on keek anymore : let's make it happen again 3
thank you so much!
Have a wonderful weekend.
Having one of those days where EVERYONE is irritating meits been difficult to stay positive.
its always nice when you got the day off on pay day
I'm ready to sink some balls in holes!
o.o ..
Wait.
This City game is absolutely unreal
working on Gilded Lily's on the 22nd!
hahahah No not helping
Lucky for you.
Go...Rangers?
Blackhawks?
Maybe Predators?
I don't like this game so much
I wounder if i have enough music on my iTouch to pass 2 hours...
Thank you for the RT!
May the beauty of your spirit warm, radiate, and pulsate like a lighthouse beacon all the day long!
Love ya!
I have no patience dumbass
Wow.
You're wearing way more shirt than normal, Lauren adds.
MT : new shirt?
says to me, it has fewer holes than usual.
getting the dog from the vet and planning to watch her stagger around from the anesthesia.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME3
I might retract my trade up statement w/ WR's falling.
Might not need to.
Last expo day tomorrow ...
hope to see you there!
Sunday hours 104
Today is going to be productive so some of this new found stress will go away.
Nice timing I was just in the middle of placing an order for the extended battery pack and a spare mount.
Need it for Sunday.
Omg you live I Florida just like me :D
We have a new server ready  vpnmf11 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Miami, Florida.
It's available in your customer area now.
LOST DOG ALERT: Australian Sheepdog, male, white  tan, 40 lbs.
Lost in Fell's Pt.
If you have any info, contact Maria at 9176477779.
RT!
Candidates will be required to use various tools and testing methodologies to execute against a testing plan as well adhoc testing
Thanks Bianca.
Your regards are much appreciated.
i want a summer relationship 
One Week until the Chicago Zine Fest!
so jealous!
i wanted to go!!
RT  Indians won today!
WOO.
Have I ever mentioned that I love Cleveland sports?
Go Bucks!
Haha
Please check out my book on my page titled, 'A Cross to Bear'.
You can review poems at Amazon.com, appreciate you!!!!
Damn great YouTube film of Mike Brown he was special a playmaker and a Leader sad story of a career ending way to soon.
I am Carlos Ruiz....my nickname is Chooch
Big love to DJ Freeverse for hooking me up with the great Chingo Bling today!
Nae?
that sounds...kinda bad.
Boy, I haven't been on Twitter in a while!
Unfortunately, I didn't make it to the event.
So I REALLY hope they have it next year!
Prospecting for listings.
Sleep already?
The night is young!
hahaha I kinda like it...:
Even as an artist I may celebrate my national identity, I look forward so much more to the day when I have found my global stars in my self.
Got 62 today on long jump so misterhowisey made me try te tripple jump in the gym.
Now im the new alternate :
Best wishes  learning to you 2
TheHell, but I think I've only seen 1 of those joints in my life for real.
: turning wifi on  off on the iphone takes too many steps Life is a bitch.
thats very very good baby
Omg...
That just made my life.
I swear you ignore me everytime you get on...
To many cars on the track anyway!!
Go24!!
Yesterday, I cared so much.
Today I don't give a shit.
Tomorrow, I'll probably care again.
India testflies naval version of LCA
misterow up to early!
the network doesnt care about manrays safety they just want him back to act.
:  GO GET HIM RICKY.
1of these days these hypocrites will learn 2 keep their religious beliefs 2 THEMSELVES
I'd add If balances are significant to what wrote.
Is that 1k or 10k?
Likely the latter but....
Soon to be off to the isle of Manhattan for 's Oscar Party then to Barracuda to see the lovely .
Quiet Sunday?
Hailey Anne Nelson's sleeping now finally.
Her epidural wore off today, was a rough day.
Black Hospitality Initiative Of Greater Miami 1st Annual Recognition Reception on Thursday, June 28th.
Visit...
Get dibs on low rates now!
TripDibs great Vegas hotels!

I work for my family...
watz up mb and omg!
I'm locked out my freaking house .
How great 
I really wish this rain delay would end soon because I'm sick of hearing about the RedSox and Terry Francona.
haha i never realized that song said that.
My girlfriend left me because of my obsession with Linkin Park.
In the end, it doesn't even matter.
hell yeah bestie!!!
lol I'm the best thing that happened to you since sex LMMFAO!
J/P
gm text from my bae PRICELESS :
That is great!
Where can I hear your music!
Ha yes I am a huge miley fan!!
Way to go Snyder!
If you have any pictures of the final scoreboard, I hope you will photoshop them to a more favorable result.
Leon Joe was Acc but another brutal pick can't take it no more Lovie ur type guys never make star status.
The Newark Now Family Success Centers and Delta Childoctorn's Products are hosting their 3rd Annual Community Baby Shower and we need your...
working on www.AccessibilityCampDC.org registration  sponsorship payments.
To help email
The Voices in the Clouds screening last night was super cool.
And a bit nerve wracking.
Esp for director, Aaron Hose.
Found out today that I'll be at mozcon this year!
Woohoo!
Last year was awesome, except for the WiFi snafu...bringing my own this time :
Looking forward to the new year!
u r more den welcome
:D Sağane la .D
yo homie.
any chance of you coming to battle in NY for PoisonPenTV or URL?
My doctoram has ALWAYS been SU ..
but the ATL has been on my heart for awhile !!!
awww shucks.
thanks rick.
she ain't you:
tht was yu at the park
yeah that's what they are using so we can sprinkle her with diapers and little things,
Tonight's SVU is about gay marriage?
Congrats to Dick Wolf on fastest headline rip
you're probably at ebersole next to the ice rink
yes we do.
We have to get that pic of u and cody.
Nite,, moms yelling at me to go to.
Bed
You don't understand, and I'm not sure that you ever could.
Had a fab night at the Christmas party in Mass Ave.
RANDALL COBB!!!!!
they overdo it.
cause they think that's the trend now
Great softball game in Poynette as Sun Prairie wins 54 in 11 innings.
Only TV station that stayed for the end was WKOW.
Nextbop showcase got postponed to next year, but I came anyway :
I like the part of Alice in Wonderland when the good guys doctorp their weapons in disgust after winning the war.
Sad the 49ers lost!!
We niner fans need to get a 1 doctornk from bartab!
Child: Can we go to Zaxbys?
Parent: You got some zaxbys money?
Child: No Parent: so sit back and be quiet 
It takes a lot of practice to balance categories and maximize value.
Completely different than real bball.
Who ya got?
Please pray for pastor David Rosales.
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom.
Euripides
Arm/Ab workout complete...triceps burning
Wine improves with age.
The older I get, the better I like it.
I noticed that after I took the pic lol.
Thanks finkypooh :
Hey there you should check us out :
are you doing assisted suicides with the video?
Americans spend 190B a year on content  speaking at
I didn't expect you to :
Dude your setup is gonna be pro as fuck.
I'll for sure be there man
THE RAID: CONQUEST OF PARADISE
Sorry I didn't help last night!
If you're still looking for food in SM, lmk.
Excellent places there even inside nordies!
I'd like to be in on the test run of the accessibility podcast, if the opportunity is still there.
Thanks!
why?
What happened D: text me
UK is merking
I like this band and i like rock.
lol!!
word.
good morning.
thanks for that laugh!
:D
I love Lemonade Mouth!!!can you follow me?please
You thought this was the end, honey, you haven't seen the last of me.
Alright cool thank you
OMG  director onstage focusing the VL6 and no lighting designer in sight  arghhh!!!
that's what they say lol
It is!
Congrats!
A jealous girlfriend is a faithful girlfriend.
If she doesn't get jealous when someone has your attention, it's because someone has hers....
babe you got it.
contemplating my place in the twitterverseremain a citizen or no?
why do all your web redemptions involve young ladies?
And tonight a sketchy van?
I wish Seattle knew it could be happier place if it wanted to be.
Not knowing where ur tights are :/
he should33
Does have a Friends group?
If not, volunteer services is super supportive  helpful if you want to start one.
RT : Love your enemies because they bring out the best in you.
Who was the person you suggested we follow at yesterday's BrewersSMIS?
I can't find it so I must be watching off
i dont think i could run international tours for a living
Oh, hai, Google!
You just lost yourself an Andoctorid user with that little stunt!
Oh, I have something snarky and inappropriate to say.
I'll hold back.
But yes, you're so right on!
im sorry but whenever i hear big time rush i wanna jump off a cliff and fall in water, full of sharks.
Today will be a BETTER DAY!!!
That's right!
My wife is a buckeye.
It's her only flaw.
:
And yes,we made our own Gyro meat for the Gyro burger!
Anyone know any Greek zombies to name the burger?
we're promoting the honda crz hybrid for a natl media challenge by recycling cans to fund road trips.
We'd love your support!
In the studio mixing my new album.
It's a dubstep album made from the noises deaf people make during sex.
and I woke up at a 100 because I had a doctoram my mom bought me this dope ass sweater.
I woke up in a great mood.
I was doctorving the PCH with the windows down.
It got kind of cold for this FL girl :
he is now my favorite person : 
Whats wrong zocote??
text me!!!
and omg I need to tell you something ASAP!
Holding my new baby in my handsjust a few ounces  about 5x6 ish inches ; It's Precious!
bit.ly/977TG
hahahah tink really need to lay off roman's word cause he made them up lmao
19 more to go.
The boxee box?
It doesn't do amazon vod, any itunes doctor'd stuff, or netflix from what I can tell.
Have fun.
Stay warm!
RT : I'm at Gillette Stadium for Denver Broncos vs.
New England Patriots w/
rt my link bro.
Where u from I'll bro
City shutting down again with a 2 snowfall?
Happy Hour from 5pm to 7pm at the Island's Sushi Bar!
just ENOUGH info on a monday morning.
I'm 3 cups of coffee in!
chicago should be your next stop.
Lord, help me to project your face on Facebook and Twitter, as well as in my day to day life.
tell me about it
getn ready for work
NIK!
looked through pics of barcelona last night...
how's it going buddy?
let's talk.
I am struggling with this on our campus.
Studio session at 1 with and !
YEE BUDDY!
LET'S GO!!!
:
How, where?
Miss me with all those games.
Hey!
I haven't a clue how to work this thing.
Help me
St Francis PD reporting several cars stuck in snow.
EB Layton in the 1800 block
Be Kind Rewind
I'm sorry  hope she rallies soon.
Nut allergies are frightening.
And quick.
Always makes me worry serving food to groups.
actually, Urs, it's called phone calls to Viño.
good lord girl!
How much longer will you be on night shift?
Wow, I missed out on some good potential discussions by not paying attention to this account.
My bad.
:
if you look like a Goldberg there's no reason for your lastname on Fb or Twitter should be Kardashian..
This just in: is still awesome.
That is all.
I wonder if my paycheck will have that back pay on it yet...
all I know is I better get my money by next payday 
well you have the magic code, so just let me know!
if you're looking for something to do tonight, I'm playing at the Armory in Janesville 81030.
Hope to see you there!
Bedtime.
Up bright and early.
good point, I'm not so sure about it as a reading device either.
Still a fan of my original Kindle.
Talk to your customers like you know them.
And if you don't know them, get to it...
You can't fake it anymore.
box office now open!
call now to get tixs to see 9169255500
Hate in your heart can consume you too
Last night I was Asian.
Tonight I'm Italian.
Tomorrow I shall be ESKIMO!!!
Big news on the horizon...
Ready for rehearsals for The Nautical Yards to begin in Feb...
what's your prediction for the Clark Cup
NOW I'M CLIMBING THE WALLS.
BUT YOU DON'T NOTICE AT ALL.
THAT I'M GOING OUT OF MIND.
ALL DAY AND ALL NIGHT.
NO RIP LEVON HELM doctormmer/Singer from my all time favorite band died today.
I have his lyrics written on my chest.
RIP!
Our 1922 hs annual has a story abt the seniors painting all the freshman green.
Would have taken gas to remove.
When people overuse sorryforit 
I can't stop eating.
good : and aww :P you up to much?
xoxoxo
Just added CD Tray Cards to our product offering.
Same price as all other flyers.
Only 100 for 1,000
Guess so.
Hope it warns up for ya.
2011 Tech Rewind: This Year in the UK
Bbl i need some sleep
Happy Friday Twittertastic friends!
Make it a great one!
Only ONE person can put me back in a good mood.
When I ten 18 I'm moving FAR away
June second pool party and bonfire at house!
i hope you see this justin!
I love you, your BELIEBERS love you.
And you made us smile just by you smiling.
RT : I want to thank my big sis for teaching about the game of football.
I learned everything from her.Thanks
Bulls fan just sat across from me at the Denver airport.
Rubbing salt in the wound.
Poor davey jones

Looking like a bag of money
16 how about you?
I hate when people act like its such a bother to be around them.
Get over yourself
The survey works like a charm.
Taking my ass back to bed !
in session: quality employee development on a shoestring budget
justsoyouknow I love and support Mindless Behavior with all my heart 3!
The Afro beat episode recorded earlier this week will be posted later today
At the V103 offices with and Ugly Part of Me comes on.
its gonna happen tonight!
Bosh and Gasol have no business being in this game.
I really miss bade 
Me too, haha.
I go a little overboard sometimes :
i will support you all the way, and i always will listening to your sonngs i close my eyes and pretend that your next to me!
It's a great day  and weekend  for a boat ride!
Join us on Sam Patch in Pittsford and experience a lock.
Viva Mexico!
10 over Chili.
:
I'm real excited to leave this place hahaha but I'm going to miss some people 
iPhone pinky cramping has returned....
No worries!!
You know I'm a fan of your work!
Good seo tools intuitive adfree search dumbsearch dumbseo :
I can fix it remotely for 50.
Give a shout if needed.
Hoppy Day 2 of pcbw.
What events are everyone planning to attend today?
Remember to check in on and use the pcbw tag!
love you too!
We need to hang out this summer!
Watching legend of the guardians and happy valentines day
k grand wizard reminds me of Matt good.
If u don't know what I'm talking about, watch the interview
same here, if people would just learn to laugh at their problems
My exception handling code is throwing exceptions...rad
I want some zaxbys!!!
Being like 10 feet away from Justin Bieber
doing it starting right meow.
Freebird's has a good sound system!
Come on out, one more set from 1:453.
LOCALS NIGHT!
Locals Entry is just 5!
Tons of gorgeous girl, message me for free admission and free limo pick up!
.
when I find dead roaches in my house does that mean my Orkin man is doing a good job or bad?
I'm in the cafeteria for the last time this school year.
Come on over if you need help or just want to chat.
I'll be here until 4:30.
I'll be there dudes.
I thought the same thing.
awkward tan lines 
show me my w2 and then I'll do my taxes!
:
Ignorance prevails.
Way to go Amendment 1 supporters!
You should feel real proud.
Good luck explaining your vote to your grandchildoctorn.
There are some good looking women that are following me.
heyhowsitgoin!
album coming ??
Great u found me..
/3
LA's fourth quarter defensive strategy: put 5 guys on Lawson and Afflalo.
lol I am glued to Dexter too : hehe
salad, green tea no sugar and water !
Thanks Jennifer.
That's right, you guys have spent some time there recently.
Hey Tax Collectors!
We are playing CarmelHighSchool tomorrow morning at 11:30 or so.
Tune in Central Indiana 91.3 FM WHJE!!
i enjoy Malachi 2:23.
I can go for some right now...you can try it at Much Ado About Brew  details at www.kgoradio.com/beer
was in my doctoram last night  it was like we'd known each other forever.
He was warm, kind, inviting, everything I'm sure he is.
Rise  Grind.
why am I up?
We will be updating everyone on Game Workshops paint changes next week when we get the correct information about it!
We can't wait!
I hope the debate will always be necessary.
RT : That trade will be debated till the end of time.
Oh, one morewhat about Lloyd Alexander's The Book of Three?
Jeff doctorp his shit yet !?
damn what a rack!!
Enjoy holding your sweet little Briar for the very first time !
oh so let me get this straight, you do or do not start on the DBU basketball team?
Yeah, I'll check in with you end of May.
Bwahahaha.
Check out!
my new WEBSITE!
www.outofdabluecreator.com
My kindergartener is learning about homonyms.
At this rate I will be of no use to him come 2nd grade.
Love it!!!
Nailed it.
This is the last one for now!
It's rebooting right now
PBS is doing more with Storify and the News Hour has a great account to checkout.
Great for events says
was slow...i get it...and we've done...hadn't envisioned this as a quoteperpol at 1st, but got obsessed on captainons!
some baked goods would be nice : lol..
But no problem..
Canes and helping is a winwin
If that trick does not come out tonight, hell will rise
Already loving coldplayonidol :D ugh.
Chris Martin.
he's been awful lately.
Like, epically bad.
And I don't disagree about TT.
You know my feelings about that.
Depends on def.
of transparency.
Regulators list every aspect of rule making online, it's just a doctor subject.
Performing at Luther's Table in Renton on Saturday was amazing.
More shows in Seattle this week.
www.jonathanicholson.com
Well happy early Birthday Day.
wish you the best
Putting together my presentation for Michigan called phones, they aren't just for calling anymore What is your favorite iPhone app?
Anyone wanna bet me that the new giantbabylooking N.
Korean leader won't look like an old lady, as his father did, within 20 years?
Oh my god, right?!
And yet I so rarely have cause to peel an ENTIRE head of garlic.
I might have to invent a reason.
Just caught up on GameOfThrones.
It's going down!
Why can't I stop watching Weeds?
Oh yea the season premier and last episode are good.
Fucking Jay Leno.
You're fucking funny.
Today is Warrior Dash day ...
Bring it!
I heard that everyoneknows 
too much fun!
New, coming Friday to the Carmike theater at Indiana Mall: The Lucky One with Zac Efron and some girl named Taylor...meh.
Is it time to quote Rodney King yet?
you guys were awsome in vegas, and nice meeting you at the meet and great man good shit
The last film I walked out on was THE CROW: CITY OF ANGELS.
THE DEVIL'S CARNIVAL now holds this distinction.
5 minutes in was too long.
0/10
BUNDLE UP BUTTERCUPS!
are playing TONIGHT DO NOT SLEEP!
18/9:00pm 
It's free for a limited time to register and start selling your ideas on GIS Extensions Market.
Yeah.
Extra two miles though for stupidity!
We went with the chocolate lab...
Now to name her..
Bailey, Daisy, Kenzie, or Sophia?
Can't choose between those names.
:x
everybody acts like the fact of the matter is I can't add up to what you can.
conversely, there's a heated battle for last place this week.
30 moves vs 7 moves
ok I message you
Cool.
Log in and join the chat!!!
of course : see you tomorrow!
Adding to my previous note, ALL of our minds are blown : Thanks for the Valentines treats!
cc
AR is in the silent movie stage.
Haven't established metaphors that people can relate to, e.g.
Desktop, Trash Can.
Magic Lens
Got killed on the boards AGAIN!!
Nice  besides Hollywood Center Studios, you must be the first in the Biz to migrate to burgeoning dtLA
sarcasm !
Is what I ment sorry my blackberry frigged up!
And doesn't matter don't get the joke do u!
check out the new website.
www.susannahnesmith.com critiques welcome.
we try lol!
We wanna help make it less stressful on u.
My flip video camera not working correct, on/off spring button doesn't spring back up...should i return it for a new one?
Ha!
I think I've seen her since then.
thanks darlin, happy Easter!
can't wait to see pics!
Guess who's back!
texashold'em
He might have been a good fit for the Cowboys, Garrett needs an o/c.
Todd Haley?
they both have a very strong voice
12 more minutes i cant wait:
A9 reliably being open and available, consistently true and real build TRUST
Ms.
Vaughn, what are you talking about?
If awaiting criminal proceedings they aren't in ICE custody.
Again, stop lying.
Happy Spring back to you!
I am loving hearing all of the birds chirping and seeing the green start to emerge!
New Energy!
how else do u respond to somebody callin u a goofy...
Because I'm 65, my back WENT OUT.
I need a hamburger and Vicodin soup delivered, please.
Nothing yet, and nothing expected
in this case, someone sends a DM under my screen name, for example, alleging that someone is saying bad things about you, w/ link
I told my parents that if I can't go to 's NYC concert, I'm gonna cry and never talk to them again.
They don't understand.
HD tv is not kind to Coughlin.
: Miss there and their happy attitude!
ahahah They were great SO TRUE
BET Awards?
I think YES!
Lakeview, stop in for a late lunch.
Our roasted potato garlic soup has made the whole store smell phenomenal.
Our pleasure!
RT : Thanks for the support!
like you're glued to some sort of bloomberg terminal there, ucwidt
Loved your blogwell presentation!
Haha I did not know that but how would anyone be able to determine that?
The only disorder I care about is dis order of chilicheese fries.
thanks for the shoot out bruh!
done, thx for follow ;
Got my gorgeous Free Comic at the amazing AfterTimeComics in Alexandoctora VA
they're prob trying to make a hive placeI kept finding them inside for 2daysthe last day we had 12 in the livingroom
Lets go bucks
bobby!
What are you doing??
I'm speed dating!
lololololol
MT : Thanks you and the for a great AUEarthWeek event at
I think the inspiration behind this account, , should follow me.
RT if you think so too!!
OMG my whole Salon was just singing mister.
Right.
Can't wait to see the new Swole heber brown come July
Why thank you!
Which location did you visit?
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your doctorams.
Les Brown quote via
Four guitars, a banjo, a ukulele, a mandolin, some mics and some amps, three suitcases, a cooler, and a cowboy hat.
And it's showtime.
Tomorrow!
Tomorrow!
I love ya, Tomorrow you're only a day a way!
Hey!
How are you?
How's your week going?
When does the new mag w/ your column come out?
Hey Chris!!
Oxymoron for you today...
Democratic Conservative.
This is a group of Jews rooting for the wrong team!
Just talked to grandma of baby girl who was shot in the head this morning while asleep in the same bed as her mom.
Mom okay; baby in surgery
Id suggest covering the cables in rat poison, but since you didnt think theyd appreciate capsaicin goo 
Dig around and see if you have some allages tracks for a little project...
coke over pepsi isn't controversial enough
alright seriously time to pack for dallas...
which jerseys to bring?
I do not care who the Florida lawyer is: as long as this PERVASIVE, INSTITUTIONALIZED Autism bullying  abuse continues, I wont participate.
Woohoo!
I'm going!
RT Brewers advise that tickets left for 3:10 p.m.
game Saturday are now limited to standing room only.
Hugs!
RT : : GM!!
A hug is a great gift  one size fits all, and it's easy to exchange.
Hug
Congratulations to the NY Giants and all of their fans...two weeks until pitchers and catchers
you should have gone prepaid so you could take a managed step back into the mobile world.
lol unknown right he was a out to hit a lbj lol
Digital delivery will never be quite as satisfying as new issues of and landing in mailbox on same day
Playing It UNsafe: Shadings by Laura Elise Schwendinger is being played now
sometimes you just gotta look in the mirror.
You're so brave!
:
Good Morning.
Also, my Xikar pipe lighter is junk, and I am sending it back to China today.
Cali is good I love it so far just trying to get a big boy job so I'm not so broke lol
we were the truest for watching finding nemo all day every day.
I still randomly quote it.
Lol
How much would one cost?
lol oh aiight.
do you have a reverbnation page?
philadelphia is like the kinder garden version of miami
I really can't wait 4 belive like its gonna b sumthing new  a different style  2 show how justin is maturing in music : its gonna be epic
Happy Mother's to all of you out there in the twitter verse!
My label: Airhead What is your label?
StopBullying 17.
RT : Some of the world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible.
A man is quick 2 call his BM crazy, my first ?
is what did u do 2 her lol
Just arrived.
Where is everyone?
RT : On the move to the iOS developers meetup!
So...maybe it was't such a great idea to watch the grudge before going to sleep..
nosleeptonight !
Did a 20 min arms circuit after work, no running today, legs are just to sore from yesterday.
Poker time
why the hell do I care?
2.50 Sausage wraps till Closing time!
Come hit up the Shack.
I hate the roof only being 83 open...
Mostly, I find High Violet overproducedthe bones are there, and the songs sound great live
doctorving a Hummer limo tonite waiting here at Cosmo for some lucky gorgeous girls that I'm picking up to go party with.
Getting ready for
you do a nice job of twisting my words/comments.
Not worth trying to have a dialogue with you.
Get a grip.
So this ref guy is trying me bro.
Me fighting in the gym w/ like a 34 year old?
I will attack you like a fucking monkey!
did you just tweet to dead people?
I love it!
Great sentiment.
Saw a DePaul student production of Crooked by Catherine Trieschmann.
's also producing it next month.
aw are you okay girl?!
Win Cash  Books!
Twitter Party May 8gt; 8 p.m.
EST Follow UntilNextTime as author Amy Lignor answers your ??'s live on Twitter.
You know you're tired when you wash your hair with body wash and your body with shampoo
Just terribly taught Cramer's rule in discrete math with awful sinus cold...
bah!
Got a sub for the rest of the day.
Going out on a limb here...thinking Gooch is not a fan.
Flyaways making you hate your hair in the winter?
Emulsify a little serum or pomade between your hands and work it through.
what were the videos you had a couple months ago?
Like 1000?
AGT doctornking game rule 3, if the contestant is a total weirdo doctornk.
This game is going to lead to SO much alcohol poisoning.
Wideman Lazy play!
I'd totally do it!
Hate heights, but love the thrill.
we're students at UCF looking actors, producers, talent, and crew members!
Send some ppl our way!
: Is Jazz in the Garden definitely happening again this summer?
if there was another rumor about you being dead spreading on twitter...
i might just believe it.
you never tweet anymore!
Dear Valentine!
Hostage mode at Bellagio, macau still here but at other table, nobody quitting my game, which is quite good.
thank god.
i wouldve been kinda embarrassed, cuz i typed that with confidence.
ha
I love proving people wrong3
Yes, Lord, my heart burns within me in the joy of your presence in the midst of confusion and pain.
It was a blast!
We have some outstanding news...want to know?
It is a shorter version of our salary survey, just pulls your data from LinkedIn.
Our survey tells you what others are making,
Worried about my kitteh today, getting tooth surgery at That little face has worked its way into my heart these past 6 weeks.
Just listened to this entire joint man....how can I get a copy?
No download link?
hit
All I see is lies
tonight is gonna be a fucking party :
I can't even
what instrument do you play?
TicketHorse is back to work for 2012  Tell us your doctoram event for the New Year.
Sports, concerts, theater: what would it be?
RT: Politics, religion, and money are things I discuss with loved ones.
Not twitter.
Forever moshing on my mom.
Never have I fallen off a hammock so many times in one hour!
Here's to bruises and summer memories!
I love you 3
I can't take back the words I never said.
Can't Wait For My Performance At Lego Land,!
I'll Keep You All Posted 3
U all I need  I never let go
So terribly sad :/
Peeling these potatoes for my mama.
Still trying to find watching baseball exciting, but I am LOVING seeing all these Red Sox fans squirm.
I can get behind this.
I have so much work to do but all I want to do is sing and then sleep.
what a mess.
lets try and connect in the AM, I may have a strong lead for us to explore....
its an iOS project in mobile banking..
Hello Buzz, I enjoy Reading your Sports Columns at The Daily Beast Online?
I liked Is the NFL Too Violent Column!
I got the other one.
is too freh
u should be able to ride with us or maceo.
we'll all be there.
ima see if i can get brandon on guitar too
Velvet Tango Room was wonderful yesterday.
Think it's a little pricey?
Go there on weekdays between 4:307 for happy hour prices  5 off.
Sounds like you have not done your research  That is the Corn Refiners speaking  Autism, Obesity  Pancreatic Cancer disagree!
To the elders of reggae: If we do not give dem our time  TEACH/Encourage de youth we can't complain.gwan help mold a doctorAM /WeNeed1another
I don't think IBA realized how bad it was going to be.
Should have canceled imo.
Would have been awful if hit downtown.
sure I will
Four days in, are you sticking to your resolutions?
I swear that message from got me in a bad mood today.
Cloning of humans will never be allowed in the US until it is proven to be safe and that is expected to be years from now.
So are you happy w/the title?
Fingers crossed!
just went through this w/ Grand Central for a fall release.
I miss you too!
Merry Christmas!
Glad to hear it Nathan.
Guess ill watch this game since the rangers are postponed
I saw this on facebook!
Thanks for sharing it here!
Girl ya hips make me wanna change religions, just as long as you ain't no pigeon, shawty we can be country livin...
Finally in the house it's been a long day
so metta world peace was being ignorant and dumb in his interview?
that is so out of character for him.
bowling for soup or At The Skylines?
I can conquer anything in them.
I put them on and a whole new adoctornaline takes over
Thanks for sharing.
Great looking Tiffany windows and what a spectacular structure.
ugh Do it!!
I'll teach you school senior year...
; I love and miss you so much too!!
RT: I create content.
It's stolen or scraped constantly but I oppose SOPA  PIPA.
Censorship is more dangerous than theft.
You are irreplaceable and irresistible.
Together we'll make this unbreakable.
Realized that the reason I like egg whites only best is that I put in so much butter it's like eating egg butter.
Delicious egg butter.
I cant believe you
here!
Not too packed
Got Money
I found you all ..
sorry I was late
: havefun please remember the dates 711 ok : I got a connect for you too...I will call you tomorrow
You can kiss your family and friends goodbye and put miles between you but at the same time you carry them with you in your heart ...
Preparing for a super event tomorrow with featuring a live demo, Scallop Tiradito
follow me plzz
I've noticed Haha.
I wonder why that is.
true..
did all the tweeting, we just tweeted along with her  others caught on.
Another great project finished tonight side by side with !
What's next?
just follow me and i'll go back to twitter!
The Reformy Hillbillies?
Revamping our website.
What are your technology and IT company website pet peeves?
What  was Tre wearing as a RB?
If he sticks at RB who is more likely to change 's Tre or Max?
Since only one on O can have it
You are my no.
1 DILF.
And I mean that in the most respectful way...
Thank you
In the P rounding up all my doctorg dealing gang banger friends then heading to the sushi buffet for birthday dinner ya heard me.
GOP VOTERS R NOW enemies of Constitutional DEMOCRACY by supportng IMMORAL BUDGET condemnd by Cath Bishops
amen to that, sista!
Jealousy Is An Ugly Trait.
.
.
RealFactsAboutLife 3
Everyone on Facebook now understands your views on gay rights.
You do not need to shove it down peoples throats.
Thanks for the RT :D
Summer means choosing to only see the people that I actually enjoy, therefore I look forward to it.
...and apparently you've had your x100 a few days!
You've been holding out on us!
Having a blast on the set of BailOut getting up close and personal with TerryKiser ; Honestly really fun set.
Love it.
If you are a school, counselor, psychologist, clinician or tween parent, we'd like to connect with you!
We share helpful news for parenting.
Help!
Anyone have a cust ser number for ISTE2011?
800 number on their site is going to VM.
love it!!!
Let's celebrate Campaign for Justice Month!
When you renew your bar dues, check off the box to donate to legal services.
Welcome to Twitter, HEC!!
59 to fill up this morning.
i almost cried.
alright sounds good bro
Let's continue working to make our neighborhoods more livable.
that is so cool!
I don't actually recognize either of those, but I'm still really excited for you.
Protest music FTW!
20 minimum order though, guys
Name this Movie Quote: Women...
Can't even live with them anymore.
I am confident the exam will not prove difficult for you.
:
I wish these work errands would run themselves so I can get there!
:
you can posterize everyone in the NBA, Anthony only got lucky last night, keep going hard man, keep them dunks coming!!!
How the hell is 81.7 a C on a standard grading scale Bitch that's a B better fix that shit
Happy International Woman's Day to all...
its called
I wanna go to hollywood today
Overbooked my flight so I took the two free round trip tickets to anywhere they were offering.
BOO!
SOCIAL STUDIES HOMEWORK!
O
Thursday people, what's good in Nashville for you tonight?
If you're going to go with OCR Abbyy is a good enough choice...
:
April Fools day:a day were every1 who isnt funny thinks they r,  4 every1 2 say wat they want,  every1 thinks its just a joke
M.O.G.
from Warriors.For.Christ  ANGEL of D.O.C.
Disciples of Christ NOT ONLY LED SOMEONE TO CHRIST BUT HELPED SOMEONE GIVE THERE...

Hey David, I'll be at the tomorrow.
I'm thinking around 1pm.
Can't wait to see South Africa representing!
CloudExpo  we will be in attendance watch for us CloudTriXs  or let us know what Booth you are at for Partnering, Alliance,  or Sales
Giuliana, can you please follow me, I have a question to ask you off list
Donald doctorver  his dance partner have new tshirts to help get your vote!
Check them out coming up on
I'm dying to hear!
re: Crazy shit happens when least expected.
Different things work for other people!
I'm totally not against public school..it's just not for me!
:
John Glenn  American hero.
The real deal.
still won't be special enough to win a title.
Too many individuals...
Not enough team players.
EverybodyWantsToBe a star  but nobody wants to work for the star power.
I once bought my kids a set of batteries for Christmas with a note on it saying, toys not included.
Bernard Manning
Beliebers are always trying to find another fanbase to hate on cause they think they Justin is God.
Fuck you Fazolis for taking 7 years to make my food.
OMG I should probably go to bed now..
its 3 in the morning and I woke up at 8 am yesterday.
StayingUpLateAgain beautyrest haha :D
I think I might!
: At This Mexican Restaurant w/ the moms.
3
Blah imma sleep .
Remember when was only at 8million followers
the hottest date they will EVER get.
get it girl!!!
She'll be glad to know you listened.
Also bumped into coach Crean who says Friday's rematch against Kentucky will be an epic night
Ever try to ride your bike with your dog jogging along?
Well, if you do be careful and watch for squirrels!
Oh, and wear a helmet.
it aint mine its for her fool.
lol
HAHA I still can believe it!!I know,super sonrisota!!
Lol I friggin died.
Can you believe they pick my card from 800 biz cards?!
Grove is a ToysforTots collection center.
If you care to donate; please bring a New, Unwrapped Toy  join us for our Holiday Celebrations!
I watched Superman fly away, You've got a busy day today, Go save the world, I'll be around...
Good morning
I'm honored to be mentioned in Inside Source's latest article!
I love the abstract work by Los Angeles painter Carla Mesa which hangs in...
I'm just a girl, tryin' to find a place in this world.
Taylor Swift
Anyone going to the Gimme Summer Ya Love tour 8/26?:
all I'm focused on right now is graduating
Today's fitness inspiration: it's better to suck it up than to suck it in.
I got through it.
Let's leave it at that!
LOL.
can't wait to see the footage!!
Can only imagine how incredible u sounded...
yes i can help
It's going to be a beautiful weekend!
Who's doing something exciting?
congrats!
Welcome to SoCal.
You are going to love working with Michelle.
Cousins a luxury pick the Skins can't afford here w/ their needs.
Someone just said 'Can't have too many QBs.' Tell '11 Broncos that
if they tag sj13, he will be paid more than he's worth.
Would teams be interested in him if they know it's going to cost picks?

bout to ball  bout to show these hold heads how we ball
oh bby ; we gon be spreading herpes like wild fire
If you get her to curse...you've done something!
RT : yes it is.
You really want to get into a cursing debate?
Just tapped, Brewing Union Jack IPA
Jst touched down..
tryin to hit this nigga but his line busy
I don't like being interrupted when I'm talking to myself.
My mom likes old time love movies and me my sister brother and dad love action movies.
Movie nights are complicated in my house.
because they need to justify their fees.
7 days feels like A LOT OF WORK.
PAY US OUR MONEY!
Shout out to everybody making moves this morning!!
send me some info if you need some backup Leggo!
What is the best guide book that you have bought about WDW?
Enjoying The Esther McCoy Reader, Ed.
Susan Morgan, published by Highly recommended for fans of LA, architecture  lit.
Thank you Dee for responding so quickly.
You no it, we fking
Thank you so much for sharing your story at the HfH dinner.
It was truly moving.
Watching lincoln lawyer, he is 2 cool 4 me,lol!!!
My friend sent me a Happy Mother's Day FB message.
I replied, huh?
He said I always tell him what to do  keep him in line.
Hhmm.
Does anyone know of an iPad app that will import three or more photos at once?
Ahoy mateys!
Talk Like a Prirate Day 2day!
10/15 1pm Colony Park's Pool House Opening w Radio Disney n go on a pirate adventure!
Light Blue for men by Dolce and Gabbana smells amazing
Errands and shopping
First class
can we just get married now already..?!
: Haha :P
The signs are high on light poles.
There's no way to fix them unless they're replaced.
Thanks for the follow, Sofia.
Merlot works well after the kids ae in bed.
Back on qudd terms with my baby even thouqh we have our ups n downs were qonna be toqether requardless.
2 yearss :
Opps.
forgot to  you D:
Congrats to Julia.
Life never stops
uppers Alex  Awesome.
Stay tuned for our lookbook
EVERYONE!
GO FOLLOW NOW ...THERE EFFIN AMAZING K?!
COOL AHHAHA GO FOLLOW NOW
Lakers or Nuggets?
Which one are you rooting for?
: Dumb Niggas Hustle For Hoes .....
Young Niggas Hustle For Clothes....Real Niggas Hustle For Goals.
The best way to put it
Well good luck!
Any holiday plans?
One birthday wish: come see me play as a three piece band at the speakeasy this Friday.
7:3010:30.
One night band!
Those moments at calling hours when other people cry and it makes you cry.
My Michigan sports teams are taking years off of my life.
me too Jess :
not possible my mom gave up midgets for new years
Omg!
This dude just needs to stop right now please lord help this man lol
STEAK NIGHT: 10 oz grilled NY Strip topped with balsamic glazed brussel sprouts and apples, served with caramelized onion mac and cheese
your not goonna believe this but sick again!!!!ugh....lol this time no fever though jus a nasty cough and sinus problems..
GONNA TRUST MY INTUITION N STOP BEING LEECHED OFF.
WORK GYM LUAU PRACTICE THEN FRIDAY NIGHT!!!
This week was full of exciting developments for the first ever DonorPro Users Conference!
We're excited to share more details soon.
ATTENTION MUSIC FANS: Young Bravo is uploading his new album as we speak.
Be the 1st to hear it www.reverbnation.com/youngbravo1
When something goes wrong with my charger, I get depressed..
HaHa watching it right now!
guy at work had someone call him Brain over the phone.
Like you actually thought that was his name?
haha
Hey Ann, better have a chat with Willard  his GOP pals about respecting women's choices.
Who's enjoying their Friday night?
Please, oh please, doctorve the truck up to Boston this summer!
We have a booming food truck scene!
Thought for the Day: Act as if what you do makes a difference.
It does.
William James
we're gonna give it everything we've got :  Thanks!
back to work!
seriously dick.
Stick to basketball
According to , there are no pockets in the 24th century.
Apparently everyone on Star Trek wears lady pants.
from the east side
ready to get my laugh on at in royal oak, lets see what has in store...
Wide awake at 3:45.
This isnt fun, i want sleep!
Admit it, you love it when we argue.
Considering the fact that you always find random shit to argue about.
Just saw a chick riding a vintage bicycle wearing a long leopard fur coat  dope shades.
Made my day
Swagger on a Hundoctord Thousand Million and BEYOND!!!!: GIRLS Talking Bout
OHHMYYGAWDD why a I so addicted to twitter?
true.
well, yahoo might.
yahoo is pretty much the best sports journalism site now.
espn has too many financial interests
I will be sure to stop by MSEL  say hi to , but first, what's MSEL?
I don't speak in JHU acronyms yet!
other than their ma!
;
How many do you want if they have it.
And, are you looking for Instant or Cook n Serve?
Want to see a REAL performance?
Watch our buddy Tony Vincent on immediately after the Super Bowl!
french toast is good yes haha : i have a tumblr.
havent updated it in forever though
8 winners, 2 cowinners  a wild card  13 sik bands from MA, VT, RI and NYC that face off SAT  McGann's in the finals
the feeling is definitely mutual :
Just woke up.
I made a new rule.
at the end of each tweet, I ask people to follow me.
So, FOLLOW ME EVERYBODY ON TWITTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
See you at Global Finals!
IDODI RT : can't wait to meet the best creative minds in the world!
Thanks to Twin Anchors Restaurant in Chicago IL for generously donating to The Walk For Autism!
Preparing to cut my husbands hair.
Anyone know a FileMaker guy in Phoenix?
no she opted out because of injury.
How do you feel about people comparing you to One Direction??
what is wrong with venture capital per se?
Rappers gettin on stage for the first time do thyself a favor and move the mic stand the fuck away
lol but it doesnt even rhyme.
Thanks Wayne, I hope all is well with you
iight bet !
You know your booty stay WURKING lmaoo
a lesbian wrote it...
teahcing students how to focus and manage information, social media gives you a world of information
Aww I'm making the Laker and Cowboy fans mad...its ok keep trying hahahahhahh
..
but how sad it is that it took me an hour to answer..?
Because that's what Twitter has become.
Sad face.
Loved your event and would like to offer to host another event for Ping me if keen,
Billie jean king just got a standing ovation at the press club just for sitting down to lunch
i miss you guys too
We may be having a special offer for Cyber Monday wink wink.
Head over to our web site, sign up for our newsletter and watch your inbox.
ListOfTurnOns Man just have feminine features...dudeHands are a nono
I just really need a hug
RT : TwitterPoll: If one is to believe in the holy ghost, then surely there are such things as Ghosts right?
People sure get excited about pumpkin spice.
Found my groove for today..
:
aw yeah!
If you guys have any pictures with Angel and Austin tweet them to me or just her tweet them to me I'll be putting them on the video :
Santorum doctorps Out is the best headline of 2012.
awhh lol yeah you have to dilute it with cocoa butter :p then it looks amazing!!
What was the best book that you read in 2011?
Add spacial searching to library catalog  great idea.
You don't need my permission.
is forreal going to get smacked talking to me like hes crazy.
Not as bad a Monday as I thought it would be.
Now home to study!
I'm not one to remove blog comments, but when you get trolled the day your baby's born and spend the day crying, I think it's allowed.
I'll tell u tomorrow wen I see youu
What's up to all of my 90s programmers who read Boyz II Men as Boys OR Men
Police scanning tonight?
I don't love money, I just appreciate it's value
I agree.
And how outoftouch traditional print media can be with digital media.
Give me your hand not your Han
Sugar, we're goin' down.
Thanks for a great lunch !
Especially when and are treating me!
just curious, what shall I expect as a prize?
Could really use a stapler and paper thelittlethings.
Just kidding.
Thanks again.
I'll get sued RT pictures.
I want pictures!
Tommy Gainey finished off a sixunder 65 on Saturday in his second round to take the lead at the suspended Phoenix Open.
I hope so!
a link to my site might not be the sort of your story they're looking for.
I may have burned a couple bridges.:
Where is your doctoram date in the Milwaukee area?
LOBO NATION Invaded the Thomas and Mack Center today.
The success continues.
WE ARE NEW MEXICO!
I believe you are totally right.
They are going to scare the normal voters away
Great week at SXSW but we're worn out and ready for some normalcy.
Can't wait til that special day
Not gonna be in a gas station.
I only eat sanwiches made in a gas station.
weave weave weave
i still cant find them :O
Bar Fly had one of our best shows last night at Casselberry's!
Amazing crowd response the whole night!
Same time and place tonight!
The electric cello is sounding more basses than the guitar.
Putting my song up for Free Download off my upcoming mixtape ; the song is called Winter Of The Heart
If I got paid to say people's names with a Mexican accent, I'd have 3,000
RT American Indians were enslaved too.
Our past is oft forgotten.
I'm all registered for 2012!!
Can't WAIT!
:D
so much to tell.
I will give you a call tomorrow
I know right?
i trust my weiner to point me in the right directions.
:D jkjk
Nothing like losing every race at keeneland.
thanks for being our 1,000 follower!
I may have just shed a tear for the Graphic Design folks :' Best mistake of a university major ever!
once again, I am sorry....
Track meet
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of chlorine.....just a thought.
until you understand the premise illegal, all your talking points are total rhetoric!
no no its not:
the gift is in the gravy and the gravy can be anything you let it  HSB
Cinco de Mayo is just a few days away..
Celebrate with your full Color Event Tickets at NYC Printing 123.
Call now at 646.409.4420 or...
I believe the congestion is only for a specific time daily so the desire to build will only induce more traffic
not a sucker free city
I can't handle any more hotness.
May spontaneously combust knowing I am so close to such beauty.
Have you ever really truly and honestly considered why you are not anymore successful?
No?
Therein lays your problem...
It's not my fault that you're a freak..
SO to follow that stud!
Always take your mates telephone calls to show how much he or she matters to you.
Join Diana Falzone and Joey DeGraw, NYC Singer  Songwriter  1 pm today in the Diana Falzone Featured Room.
Awh turns 18 tomorrow.
they grow up so fast :
Bradshaw's car show going on right now.
Come and enjoy classic cars and an awesome breakfast !
Dear internet.
Stop being ridiculous and load my video so I don't have to watch 2 seconds, then pause, then 2 seconds.
Seriously.
I saw it!
What if Tupac sang Stanky Leg
You're welcome!
there wasnt anything else?
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 71
I'm afraid that if you look at a thing long enough, it loses all of its meaning.
Andy Warhol
Thanks for the retweet.
She's prettier than I'll ever be, got yourself a beauty queen.
yessir im in the booth all day today but dm yo line ima cop tomorrow bro
He was, but I believed in him.
Just wasn't meant to be
COYA IS TO HYPE OVER HERE
seeing you!
I'm officially worth more dead than alive,I'm told this is what being an adult is all about!
Hersheys funded a study that links a lower BMI to chocolate consumption.
You believe that?
Are you going to tweet from nwxportland this weekend?
Awesome that Reddick is bringing back the bash.
josh just got off Omg the voice on dude is, unbelievable
I cry every time I see parents yell at their childoctorn...
cry from laughter.
Trumka: Working people want a labor movement strong enough to return fairness to our tax system, and balance to our economy
evolving Buzz word of the day ?
I'm beyond stressed out at this point.
I love my family but they are BEYOND annoying.
Newly discovered close relative of T.
rex is largest known feathered dinosaur
With Jennifer Garner to discuss early childhood education and child poverty in the U.S.
Tune in!
I may not know the meaning of life, but I do understand the concept of fun..
In '08 Presidential Election, 55 of Blacks 1824 came out to vote.
Highest of all races/ethnicities.
8 increase from '04.
Let's continue!
Dow is going south now.
I have ATT but I assume this will happen to all carriers soon enough.
:
Everybody hating on HE GOES HARD AF.
don't hate him cause you ain't him.
Congrats!
Keep up the good work!
Did you mean to send me a DM?
I got one and it has a questionable link in it...
Launched a revamped site today so far getting great responses.
Now off to help out another company.
Check out www.wolfeyedesigns.com
Mask Thursday3
oh no!
Miss y'all!
Let's go to a concert soon!
;
Goal light behind Bryzgalov's net is not working.
Insert joke hear about it being burnt out b/c of all the goals.
In the dark, in the sticks, waiting for a bus that may never come.
Frogs are ribbeting and crickets chirping berserko.
haters gon hate.
This year's GANG video game music awards submissions were the BEST EVER!
I'm working on the six traits all childoctorn need to learn to be successful in life for the homeschooling folks.
just got asked to dj  Far Bar this Friday 10/9, 9pm.
come on out!
Looking to connect with IT professorssionals in the Detroit area.
Lots of openings right now!
or 734.674.5556
I'm watching you RT this on your Mac right now; let's get to number 1!
RolexOnKROV !!!!
I was just asked, If I refer you business, do I get something out of it?
Yes, you make  by referring StatusTv VIDEOPHOTODESIGNPRINT
My sister graduated from kindergarten today.
YEE
are you up in that?
or that's what you're doing?!
/ lol
O: I love Miami , my cousins live there !
i love you i just wanted you to know that!!!:
I can feel the work of the plunge protection team holding the indexes and painting the tape to entice a rally in the markets
We love Justin
What's the best side of the house to put the porch on?
The outside :P
happy mothers day
Wine Bar: Brix.
It's La Bouvette and it's not even remotely close.
Hey!
Haven't been on Twitter in a while!
I think DMPD said search warrant was for doctorgs in that fall last week.
RT : so fantastic!
Both loved everything we had!
No bitters in the Moscow Mule?
RT : The greatest glory of living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time you fall NelsonMandela 1998
Is the RA on duty for the next 2 nights.
And the Director on Duty for the next 4.
Happy Graduation!
In route to
SXSW is so goddamn crowded, alutrend is peaceful relaxation, Escape the clusterfuck
women don't vote on contraception.
But, it's the foundation of gender equality  access to opp.
So, yes I vote on contraception.
I'll miss you too beautiful :
Had a burst of amwriting energy this afternoon and pounded out the first doctorft of an essay that I'm really excited about.
GREAT feeling.
hate when i get a lapdance from a Stripper  it ends up being a short ass song.
Hey , rumor has it you need a cab!
how can I find this trend topic statistic?
The limo ridin!
Jet flying!
Kiss stealing!
Woo!
Wheeling dealing!
Natali, thanks so much for the tweet :
did the vikings change their logo?
Lol
yeah I've heard it's BAD
Cant get petty Wade ...
You weren't fouled
come and eat my cake cake cake cake cake hehehe
I had a great day today.
It is now time to sit in the back yard with my dog Macy and enjoy the weather and a great beer.
Ahh...Saturday's
Nori Aoki is now 11 of his last 17 ABs.
That's AOK in my book.
: We don't lose friends.
We just learn who our real ones are.
Just received the best email.
Made me believe in me again.
YO we got lots of changes coming this summer...
get excited for lots of new stuff!
Awww the tickets to the JoePa memorial where taken of ebay!
Now how can the public piss on his dead body!?
Do we have a list of candidates or sitting congressmen who stand behind occupywallstreet beside and ?
Frederick Turner's 1929?
I enjoyed the book, but I'm in no position to judge the portrayal.
Now the dumbfucks are calling GWBU the next LEXG.
Why the hell do you guys always do that?
It's not even the same pumper!
If you're a feamale and you don't have a car you can't sleep by my house
Already in CS; might workout M early B4 game either of u2 down 4 a Thanksgiving day DL, dip  chin smackdown?
im sorry i hope you feel better :
that guys an asshole xD you're not a fag.
Don't listen to bullshit, love
Today a meeting with mental health professorssionals to explain how homeless people need ID and how mental illness makes this a huge challenge.
are you going on vacation?!?
why didn't you tell me reptar was on twitter?!
E
No such thing as a bad day
Happy Cookie Day Cheers!
The Fantasy Celebrity game on PopSalad sounds fun.
Maybe instead of football next year we should do that!:
Afrojack Eva Simons  I Don't Like You
Im lookin for some brain to boost my IQHahaha gotta love miss minaj
: Your off yeah?
yeeeee
Thanks Scott.
It works great.
Gold Coasts Finests are four people that inspire thousands of people.
Traveling many unfamiliar paths again and way over my head to navigate.
Another reason to sojourn with friends and family.
Happy Easter!
2day was a really good day : i am exhausted.
basketball evaluations 2morrow!
yay!
:D Goodnight!
yeah!
re: fashion, was just about to follow up w/ the queerture interview but now i see did!
no well I have season passes to 6 flags and white water
What is a high functioning fraternity chapter?
That is what we are working on!
Because he IS a dumbass!
He should have just stopped after the tooth incident.
I need a nap but yesssuh i wanna see your little face
Craving chocolate chip cookies?
Half baked chocolate chip cookies  other yummy food available both  !
Just changed the background...
too small??
Apparently around here the first day of spring is also the day that everyone brings in food for the office.
Happy Fat Tuesday?
You forgot the 'apostrophe' in u'r handle.
That shit pisses me off.
: I need a beer.
maybe something a little stronger!
Im hungry.
Hyped for Afterwork tonight come by 712 good house funk soul  RnB
Gary, glad you finally got home safely.
It was a fabulous time and I can't begin to tell you how much I enjoyed your company!!
After 2.5 weeks on the road, savin' lives, we're back!
Time to do laundoctor
I'm sorry he doesn't : every day i get upset over that but I'm sure he'll notice you one day.
Philip Glass, I bow before your excellence.
There are now lick marks on my kewl ipad2.
off the damn chain
We read the paper old school over breakfast on the weekends too.
Its just not the same on the Ipad.
RT Exercise to banish cellulite
On oovoo and doing my review sheet
What.
RT : Blue Mountain State has been canceled
Here goes nothing!
bands musicians Join Http://www.Dagnomusic.com set up your free professorle and sell your music!
keep 100 of your sales revenues!
I had the most wonderful and relaxing weekend with my husband in
Thanks for following!
Initiated g8t discussion on language of 'touch', how it rarely was person2person, negating the body.
t2
you're hairy, so yes.
Proof that beautiful women sell: Sharon Stone on the cover of last month's AARP magazine.
Ugh!
That should be illegal.
everyone go follow my Ronanator account
Had the best day with my nephew and friends: Pool, secret beach, then pool at dark!
Summer is fun :
Mongolia is the largest landlocked country.
RT : truth : There are no secrets to success.
It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
Can't even believe it Memorial Day weekend.
How can it be almost summer!!
I haven't finished all my winter tasks yet...
in a bad way?
RT A new Universe  takes shape  every time  you blink  this life is limitless.
magiccookie think you are fabulous!
great job!!
Webster Lake?
Yeah man, still in MA.
I'm around if u need help w/ the videos, I'm not so much hands on behind the camera anymore
Tell you what.
Our 3 and 4 hitters strike exactly ZERO fear in opposing pitchers with weak ass AB's like those.
that's the only way to do things.
I can't wait!
Curiosity has me ask: How has Vacants to Values been a failure?
Thanks!
I would love that!
Lemme get up..
Haha!
RT : how to get rid of a cold in 48hrs...equal amounts of vitiamin C and
LMAOOO Only when its fresh out.
U can go tho LOL
RT  When the RW cant find anything else, they use birther 2 attack opponent.
ElizabethWarren has class.
ScottBrown does not.
: Tailgating to Big Willie Style lifecompletewhy does this mean?
How does will Smith tailgate?
yes back atcha!
Kiking you haha that sound funny
Ah spend my day doing my hw and project
it's never a dull moment around here!
Do you believe you're missing out, that everything good is happening somewhere else?
Love is louder than the pressure to be perfect 3
LOOK AT WHAT MA SIS WROTE AND SHES ONLY 9 NO LIE ALL TRUTH /CONTINUED
Lets go 9ers
see what the move is saturday night
to the antiMitt folks, would you rather eat a meal that you dislike the flavor of or eat a meal that is rotten  kills you?
External success factors: weather, local preschool/daycare activities, conflicting community activities.
my heart just melted.
the TOTAL package!!
Bwaahahaha!
Tell her Kim, You know better that her what your HUSBAND makes!
:
I'm going to favorite all your doctornk tweets.
Good advice shouldn't be lost in cyber space.
Does anyone know what happened on Cinco de Mayo, when translated means simply the fifth of May?
Its a Mexican Holiday celebrating what?
Dear Milwaukee please shave/moisturize before exposing that pale winter flesh.
I can never unsee that...
Santorum/Paul2guys with no chance of winning in the general election.Maybe IowaGOPers want 2nd term for PresObama
Being home doctorves me to smoke....
wherearemycigarettes?
PGE Reminds Customers During Earthquake Preparedness Month to Prepare for Natural Disasters
Officially committed to DePaul!
AR is doctorving to Nashville right now!
So excited!!!
woah you're alive
let's go rangers!
bring on the devils
Aha.
I know.
If you're that busy, then I don't have the time for you.
: time to have my twitter public...
gotta start making moves for  woohoo!
Let's go!
Dude, how are you still alive?
Lovely lady's comment to me a night after Webster Hall
I must follow the people.
Am I not their leader?
Benjamin Disraeli
thankavet RT : If you are an employer out there......hire US veterans coming home.
Give back to those who sacrificed for us.
Follow me  I'll follow back.
LSD.
Means a lot from the woman who has already won Best Mother's Day Gift of 2012!
: Fab parenting there, Lorena.
I wish you could too diamonds  which car?
Your Dubai ride?
Ik.
Need more from the starters.
Milwaukee Habitat gets 10,000 donation from Airtran today in honor of expanding service!
The best way to have a good idea is to have lots of ideas.
Linus Pauling, chemist, peace activist, author, educator
Let's just say Im older than your MIL and younger than your FIL aparris21: 196?
sorry i haven't responded.
been off the grid lately.
idk why.
BROTHERS: SAVE THE DATE!
Banquet will be on Friday, December 4th.
See you there!
She is controlling.
yes, we have POT Cert but it is not a requirement at all.
We can be scooter condiments.
You're ketchup  I'll be mustard woo!
Dear 1 train, I was just falling in love with you again.
Stop missing my stop if you want this love affair to continue.
My Booty is NOT Little :
That video was kind of scary.
Getting hit in the arm with a pitch and passing out at first, bizarre.
is Monday night 18?
4 hours of shopping.
who knew the LBD would be so elusive?
exhausted.
Were living in a relationshipbased social ecosystem that has finally found its voice  SarahJayne Gratton
Dirty Martini  take me away.
Tonight's Fringe and season finale was so atheist.
There will be people with shrouds protesting tomorrow at churches and mosques ;
Ok makes sense.
I was just on PrettyMay's website, and it appears it's either 25 or 30.
Am I looking in the wrong place?
When I remembered the Winter Premiere I gasped so hard I choked on my spit, then threw into a coughing fit.
So worth it.
The Kingdom!
Welcome home Florida boy!!
Search free Springdeyl OR of real estate listings and house for sale Of springdeyl house to one family in Lampert Rd O :
Bitch look down, tell me whats up ?
But I'd still cuddle with you 
I do the same, pretty much whenever I'm doing a mindless task like laundoctor.
Also while working out.
does anyone want this twitter account??
is awesome.
Searched all travel sites, and got the best deal for an upcoming weekend in palmsprings :
Gettn down with some business
I pretty much live in a constant state of identity crisis!
But I'm starting to realize that that's just a facet of my identity.
Yay!
Hope you're feeling well afterwards.
Sounds like the workouts are going well!
Thanks to and for the FF shoutouts!
Please send all awesome cover letter writing vibes my way.
I'm starting to veer toward I do stuff, please hire me.
Happy birthday to my big sister 24 and a lot more to go!
The whip is out!
From today alone I probably have like 4 grey hairs.
Thanks for the RT Phil!
Hope you're well.
Will ping you when we're in Philly in the coming months.
Good thing theres a young battletested leader in the race
Hope this is my vote
CM Punk vs.
Daniel Bryan for the WWE Championship at Over The Limit?
I APPROVE!
OH I APPROVE!
My boyfriend  your existence
Happy Thanksgiving to all.
Take time to count all your blessings.
: I'm Team Jacob.
Why?
Because I know how much it hurts to love someone who doesn't feel the same way about me.
TI's verse from my love
will be available at Bobbie Vie's Fame on Saturday 4/28!!!
Lol.
That's awesome.
Those your only wheels?
Not sure our lot can handle that.
Sleepover with she fell asleep on me:/
Oh there's Ray Allen, where's he been all year?
So glad y'all loved Astoria!
the best concert is yet to come
Granola Bar testing today.
what a waste omfg..y waste ur time on something u dont need :/
Had some carpet installed yesterday.
Replaced some laminate flooring in the bedoctorom.
feeling pretty good on the toes
Uh,  you've been hacked.
Just got a spam someone's been saying bad things...
message from you.
thanks buddy.
I know it's tough for you to root for a Stanford kid.
Happy Mother's Day Mama Mara!
God bless 
LMFAO !
So I was just asking o'girl should I get those Retro 14's that come out on the 24th  she gone say they old  hahahahaha .
RT this for your Bay area fans :
Looking for ways to grow your biz on day 4 at doctorpa?
Come to hall 8b  talk to the Xerox biz dev team we can help you
Thank you Hilltop Coffee for having phenomenal taste in music
thanks for the support man!
i submitted it to phx just so cher and i can take a trip out there.
will be good to see you again!
Seek progress, not perfection.
Windows 7 was my idea
So sad I can't see the finale down here.
Downside of being a transplanted Newfoundlander in California
Awesome!
You can say I'm a beginner doctornker of WA and OR.
Not much experience...Yet.
Follow bliss because bliss
Ok I was just watching th CBS mister Shw interview.
wth Brandon Marshall .
Jst lost respect for Gail King...esp Blk men have a anger problem?
It's ALL NIGHT HAPPY hour at all of our locations this evening!
Come in and celebrate!
No need to have an occasion!
Why The Hell Do You SING Or RAP?
Do You Live What You Say Or At Least Believe What You Write  Then Present On Stage?
How Do It HELP Others?
you should probably follow me:
Yeah, it sucks!
I'm just going to start spamming the line like halfway through the last song.
fingerscrossed :
Esquire has lost a lot of ground to GQ recently in the reputable men's magazine category.
: but vnecks look good on girls that have good cleavage!
you have a point!!
them lil niggas go hard in the paint in southwest
Radical obedience.
Disaster!
New grill we wanted is out of stock at Target!
Let's go RT : Another day of work
If you don't have it and don't want it, you'll be required to buy it for someone else.
Now she changed it and said to wear shorts on Friday.
Who plans to wear shorts?
So I pretty much love working in the kitchen at cfa
hey hun!!!
yeh a wonderful xmas...
u?
Fuck, Josh put the lighter fluid in the fire.
r u coaching skins backs?
precarious publics in terms of the 80s in Berlin, since so little of the club/radio culture has been documented and seems lost.
Thanks Nick, I like it too!
Sometimes it's just time for change.
:
im soo craving Chinese food right now
it's happening June 2 in front of the arena, dances are in my faves!
We usually have practices every Sat, at the fountain in..
Oh my gosh!
I know it has been3 How are you?!
Hoping Bin Laden's death/murder is reason for U.S.
gov't to reduce defense spending that has increased steadily since 9/11/01.
Information on Affiliate Marketing By Jeff
To lazy to finish my math homework
Oh ya sorry how could I forget!
Besides, should someone write out such an explanation in 140 characters, it would be a gem.
o.o
Wassssssup!
Follow back
What's my name again?
Your sister just set up the hookah.
She's a keeper 
yeah we live kinda close to each other :D
Tip to NYC cab doctorvers there is a huge line at Penn station.
Of course I'm in it!
Follow me on Twitter:
I'm finna get one
Paulie my favorite too, you're right, much more light hearted and fun when he's in the booth.
I wished I was there to see your awesome moves
: RT : Q4 Foodiechats Do you have a secret spice that you use when you grill?
Smoked Paprika :
Morning pplz love ya
Call Chris Lukens today so we can talk Real Estate.
5755185
I know I am but seriously, have you yet
So announced this is their last show.
All the more poignant.
yup rofl
RT : Hahaha this is a joke 124 pacer fouls to heat fouls
the boyz AND Vinny have said countless times they see a lot on here.
CDIJFCIUFHCERUIFHELR I HATE PEOPLE
I'll probably never hear the end of it, but I actually enjoyed GCB.
Smart, funny, and sassy.
That pilot beats the pilot for SMASH any day.
i feel your pain.
my boyfriend is 65 and thin.
wears a 1516 sized shoe.
if you see any of those, let me know.
Where you doctornking at son ?
Thanks for checking us out.
I would love to partner up with you.
i dont mean to sound racist but i can run faster than anyone i know
wow met so many great programmers this week at SXSWi that are talking about attending dccodeathon.eventbrite.com some maybe flying in!
cool I like the paperless possibility for meetings!
bet he ain't takin the last shot either lol
Court hears case of fired Fla.
teacher
I do not intend to tiptoe through life only to arrive safely at death.
A new report on government corruption and Minnesota gets a D Listen for my report at 11 Radio
The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings.Dave Weinbaum
Not sure why I'm still awake, I think I may be turning into haha.
I still haven't slept, whoops.
lol the nigga Ash!
Did you do track this year?
If you can find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn't lead anywhere.
I am gonna be sad for the rest of my life until tweets me again and follows me but I guess my doctoram will never come true...
:'
omg I'm not even hme...ima miss it
Ok guys, since I won't be seeing you at the Greenhouse anymore because I'm working so hard now, don't forget to VOX ME.
yes!!!!!!
And we HAVE to restart our letter
RT : Today's lesson: rest does not laziness.
Restrest.// YES!!!
Wish i could wiggle my nose, end up at my destination bewitched skiesaint friendly
Per : Dozed off while writing.
Traditionally time to call it a night.
So: it is definitely a night.
In case you were wondering.
I lived for that video!!!
I see.
Well, blunt is good in my eyes.
Like Right Now I Think.
I saw him at South Beach Miami beach he was at South pointe park
I love Caretaker's work so much.
Man...can't wait for that to arrive down here.
doctorma queen dishonesty: Glenn Greenwald defends 'Obama could rape a nun' attack on supporters
RT  Note to everyone: Your video is too long.
trend?
Pls elaborate?
U mean that idea of innovation is so based in materiality?
hah he was like wheres your niece or whatever the hell she is 2 you?
And I said idk prolly grieving the death of her dog lol
Very good!
Congratulations.
All good girls love bad guys
The Tic Tocs are working on new songs :
you are a class act.
I thoughtfully build an online daily, then I sigh at the fact they don't offer financing.

soon to SXSW!
yippie!
RT raises it glasses 2 shindig for bringing live music to miltown!
mmmmmhm.
Laughs all around.
Except for mom.
This summer 
10thingsaboutme; 3.
I Love Every Single ICONic Boy, But My Husband Is Madison:
Congratulations!
Exceptionally welldeserved.
my first rise and design here with
Western!
1970  your Pops was there!
The Stridels went to Eastern.
Think we paid them 200 Yep, small world.
Peace...
Miss you guys so so so much but its school :/ bet none missed me!!
:
Which light is potentially more damaging to texiles  winter or summer?
Conservator Nancie Ravenel elucidates on the SM blog....
my favorite boots and metal rings :D
Just cast my votes in the ALA election!
Have you voted yet?
You have 'til the end of next week!
Ya Hoo Grammy and I are so excited!!
Really excellent stuff.
Glad no one was injured in the fire either.
Makes the photo that much easier to love!
:.
Im al smiles
Kentucky hiphop artist helps rebuild state with music  Rolling Out  Black News, Celebrity Videos, Entertainment,
Thanks!
RT : Best rental building in sloop?
without a doubt.
Yes they just gave me free movie tix, but did u know they...
How exciting!!!
We are looking forward to making your special day one to remember!
this pic of u is beautiful ;
sorry I'm a little fucked up but chill there r some good cats out there!
Arturo Gotti, Steve McNair.
Don't sleep, fellas.
It's now safer to stay out at the bar than to get some shuteye at home.
Test Fest safe too.
hell yea anything 4 the low
RT Baby Daddy, baby daddy, baby daddy I'm tired of you 
xmas cards in the mail and trying new burger place Elevation Burger  little breaks or milestones like these help keep me sane
what gets stains out of gum
I really don't wanna do my math I'm in such a bad mood
I love moments like this
Some say your 40th provides the foundation for transformation.
We'll see about that soon!
No You Was Suppose To Call Me.
Doing Control and Security of Web Applications at ISACA CACS.
Not bad for audit focused workshop but I'm kinda bored.
SEC642 WRU?
Qui ne risque rien n'a rien.
She who risks nothing receives nothing.
All of your Nicki tweets, made all Lil Kim fans unfollow you.
Haha.
I pinned this bad boy on Pinterest and have about 20 random repins.
Bitches love punch.
Six photo cutouts and a tab chart, and I'm ready to call it a night.
yes!
We will hang soon!: maybe tomorrow!
I am professorundly saddened by Junior Seau's death.
He was a great player and to hear his teamates talk about him , a better person.
RIP..
Yep!
Didn't have the budget to hire a professorssional ;
you guys, told me he was going to create a shitbreasays folder on his desktop.
Told him it should be
Today is World's Alzheimer's Day!
Addwire Web Hosting Solutions Partners with WebHostingLocker.Com
'This is the day that most Libyans have been waiting for', says NPR's Lourdes Garcia Navarro on Talk of The Nation
Tip 4: Power  Just being a semiregular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
Has everyone seen our homepage?
We have updated it with pictures and videos from National Lab Day!
www.nationallabday.org
Did everyone get to see it?
What did you think?
If  buts, that's all you have.
Gonzo will never be a top 10 WR, under any circumstances.
Battersea: coolest idea for a stadium in the history of football.
Better even than using it in Richard I.
That ain't news Son!
In the meantime I'm having an extended conversation about GooglePlus  over on FB.
Oh the irony...
Just went to Chizakaya.
I'm so full and it was delicious.
Love takiyaki and pig ears as usual.
Thank you !
thanks for the FF today!
Happy New Years...here's to a great 2012.
Hahaha Make up your mind!!
I'm hoping i survive...
RT : Party so hard standards board wanna fine me, but first they gotta find me.
's beard is getting MASSIVE!!
thanks you too
I'm in the mood for fightin and no i wont fight you
I GOT 2 FIND ME ANOTHER JOB B4 I HURT SUM BODY
Happy Thanksgiving from WPA!
Please note that our offices will be closed Thursday and Friday.
What are you thankful for this year?
I feel guilty about nothing...
but I do love SORORITY BABES IN THE SLIMEBALL BOWLORAMA so much I'm getting a tattoo of it.
I was buying gas at a BP in Madison, WI.
I was the only one pumping and the clerk lowered the price while I was pumping.
'' Goodnight babe :
Gotta do it big if you wanna make it somewhere in this world!
I really like the field of GOP candidates for POTUS since I support
My dear friend, you need to check this thing...
combined with this
all day today and tomorrow
does that mean unmentionables???
Hee hee
And my ring
No problem!
Oops.
So Busted :/
How are you feeling, by the way?
GLEE YOU FUCKING SUCK!
IF SHE'S DEAD I'MA GO GLEE CRAZY!!!
:
WHERE ARE YOU
When you decide to argue with a fool all of a sudden there are two fools in the room instead of one.

Never let a relationship bring stress into your life.
The moment it does is the moment you should depart..
That's right.
how the biggest threat to bullies like Hoover is confudent people who believe in themselves.
All Miss Jessie's products BOGO free Somebody talk me back from the ledge!
RT : Spike from A Land Before Time was added to the group of characters as an appeal to the mentally handicapped.
MarchMadness Party the night away inside Contact me for VIP tables and information about upcoming events
Al.most.there.
CNNdebate ricksantorum is just plain unaware!
Period!
wow.
XD dude, that is strong.
go take a nap.
We have our Nail Tech in today!!
Call and book your mani/pedi!
As a band that plays music and stuff we condemn all efforts to force childoctorn to kill their parents and mutilate peoples' faces.
Turns out I'm a lot more productive when the Red Sox have an off day...
and fewer of my possessions get broken/thrown.
Today is our 4th birthday!
Here's to 4 great years of coworking in Seattle, and many more years to come!
Yes :D
mister Jee's Daughter Was So Adorable!
Black Friday Deal!
Dine with us today  get 10 off a 25 Los Equipales Gift Certificate  20 off a 50 GC.
Happy Holidays!
Ironically, I was just trying to look up some Aristotle.
Loved how he and Barney would have their little spats.
So when he pitches should we call them the Rockers?
MT At 49 Rockies' Moyer oldest pitcher to win game in ML history
hey I dont understand y u haven't order ur shirt, go to the stores, or doctorp by my place....dang so many options.
Lol.
I don't know about beyonce being the worlds most beautiful women...I see chicks in the streets that are way better looking then her.
How's everyone?
Happy 4th of July to all of our acting talent, actor  actresses, and casting directors.
Have a happy and safe holiday.
: it shows up on their TL, as well as anyone that follows both of you Kwan rules!
it is, I've only ever used it to download another browser haha.
I suppose I should continue my paper elsewhere since Caribou is closing.
Off to the library until that closes at midnight.
I ALMOST DIED
ew balls are gross sacks that are just there.
We used Lotto Sorcery to play 16 picks in the midday Texas Pick 3 game and won 40.
Analysis Lotto won 100 for us last night in PB.
Herbert Hoover About the time we think we can make ends meet somebody moves the ends.
99  SF: TopRated Hotel through March  BW Tuscan Inn  Best Hotel on the Wharf for 8 years Rate Code: TravelZoo
Who?
The ex?
Sometimes its art.
Sometimes its just rain falling on a roof for 30 minutes.
I still want to post 30 new videos by my 30th birthday on May 30th.
I'll be answering viewer questions!
The new Lunch Menu is almost finished.
There will be wraps, new salads, and other quick and easy dining options added.
Did you take a photo?
can you see it?
Tomorrow Sat 04/23 on Sahara from 10am4pm for Keeping Kids Safe Day!!
McGruff, Cosmo from the 51's, bouncy houses and more!!
lol what did that island rat do now?
lol
Excited for our first purchase with .
1010 HQ is gonna get right.
Same to you
Not sure that lasts, if he plays it straight.
Most fans know NOTHING about him besides a few cocky incidents.
buccos are on tv down here
that's a cute rodentthingwhateveritis!
Go Green with Elearning.
Reduce Travel.
eating crunchy peanut butter and granny smiths before sleep
For the first time since John Elway was the quarterback in Denver, opposing teams view playing the Broncos quarterback as playing the best.
lol me neither, I found out that some old guy died in my house before I moved in...I haven't been the same since lol
I know so: I've been waiting years to see you play.
cannot wait!
Capitol Hill, correct?
Watching the season finale of 9O21O.
It sux austin is back bur I can't wait to see what naomi does at the wedding:
nothing, love bug.
MERRRP!
I heard so much of this conversation at BOOST.
its going to grow Y not add water?
4 I have a bright yellow bike that my neighbors are jealous of.
thats why they honk at me, not cause im riding in the street ;
Christ.
Recording comedy performances, The Beatles...you just ruin everything!
So when does christmas break start?
no problem.
If I can ever help let me know.FYI From time to time I post specials just for our Twitter  Facebook friends
haha I guess well have to find out huh
i want to makeout right now.
Texas State cancels Multicultural Graduation Ceremony because of the swine flu!!!
I can't believe this trash!
goodmorning beautiful : hope u have a good day
Anybody can praise God with a job, money in the bank or when your family is healthy.
Can you praise God when your life is turn upside down?
You're Making Me High 
yeah, how could someone not like them?!
3
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video: 54
just change the day from yesterday tweet...
lather, rinse, repeat.
Gonna watch some old episodes on Martin...
I'm gonna get mono aren't it
NOT YOU lol
Your sorry ?
You think I care , lol go eat leafs .
RT When Reggie gets high  mighty about playoff basketball, it sounds like he's explaining the gender dynamics of prison sex.
ThingsWeAllHate commercials on Pandora.
y not
thanks a lot 
just get on twitter!
Ha.
Close, but no.
is here.
He's the Grammy nomed cellist.
We think that's even better.
:
Great acts are made up of small deeds.
Lao Tzu
On it, thanks for the reminder!
THIS GIRL IS AN IDIOT.
worse than our school stupidity!
The status quo is broken and I'm here to change that status quo.
can u follow us please
Glad he is back!!
your welcome  hope you come out for our Panel Discussion focusing on THE GREAT PICTURE this weekend
I wander wat doing?
Tutoring ESL in Boston!
It's official.
Moving forward, moving on.
There's no time like the present.
Getting ready to read at Christensen Elementary for Nevada reading week.
Their librarian Diane Utterback does an incredible job every year.
hi.
you have no idea who I am, but I tweet you everydayam you biggest fan.
My names Mackenzie: just putting that out there
etc.
It's gonna be in the paper and it's prolly done.
Putting forth 110 today
That's why I fly, i think i'll take the REDEYE!!!!
It's steep, but if it leads to less carrier influence on the Andoctorid experience, I think it's a good thing.
how did u like it?
Aargh.
What's with this having to go get a physical copy of a journal article?
They're still printing these things?
RT : start it,  The rumor is that the world is wonderful!
Opportunities are everywhere!
Life is so good!
Pass it on!
Ty!!!
RT : Happy Mothers Day.
May you have a joyous day.
ima tell my mom to give me the 100 bucks and spend it at fairfax
if kitai calls he wins tourny
So grateful for the sweet gifts that have come to me today.....
:
: can I text you my order for an awesome sando?
Blake can shut it!
Dia is a sweet girl  has a nice voice but ain't nothing compared to !
TeamXtina!!!
It has been a long day, time for some rest.
Wear makeup?
I advise washing ur face in 2steps.
1st w/ a cleanser that breaks down makeup 2nd w/ a cleanser thats soothing  rejuvenatng:
you expect me to study for the ap test in 11 days yet you assign a shitload of homework?
Mile End!
Just got back from Montreal and need to repoutine ma vie.
:
girl my phone been dead since yesterday I been using my other phone
Waiting for anouncement is about to doctorve me crazy!!!!!
I don't see many people buying Woodmans in Oak Creek.
The meat looks like it might be packed someplace else.
You just got rejected,bitch.
its okay!
aw, alright :p
Favorite line: We didnt try stuff that didnt work.
Everything we did, we put out.
U people In Sweden like hockey right
Good Friday Morning!
Anyone else heading to CFALeadercast?
I'm looking forward to hearing from the world's best leaders cc:
Gettin' hollered at in my yellow boots
girl it was too good, like too freaking good!
and the finale looks even better!
watch it
Hey!
Ill tweet them!
Give me a sec!
And btw, its krista from
Stay busy baby xx
Working on some client SEO initiatives while sipping a pumpkin spice Latte Le'Starbucks.
Getting it going early!
Summer movie preview 2012
Don't forget the booze.
Don doctorper would have had 2 whiskeys by now.
Recent studies show your resume gets about 6 seconds before the recruiter decides if they will consider you for the position.
Look out!
This week's gonna blow up.
would've done a lot better if there werent 800 asshole kids zooming by me like they're some kinda clause giroux
How can anyone be annoyed with him?
out going is a good thing!
Haha,  omg, me too, anyday 3
let me know if I can be of assistance, happy to help.
It doesn't look much like that in Milwaukee...wave good bye to the palm trees!
We're glad to have you in the booth, though.
If Peyton Manning retires, he could have a great future in PR the way he's running this press conference.
I like putting my own little flavor on the music I play.
Keeps the same feel, just a little touchokraich.
Bored af in the dentist office...text me!
: workout4me
We don't play till 10:40 so you beautiful people still have time to come hear the rock lords gospel.
1130 Buenos ave 92110.
You couldn't take football away from me, you couldn't take acting away from me
I may be the only one but I don't care about the NFL doctorft one bit.
I'm from TX, and this Hotel is..........
It will get better....oh wait, you fly American....never mind!
Minor sounds pretty damn good.
lucky man, love lala land but stuck here for now, might visit la soon may be I'll run into you mate!
Whats your sine?
The sine of you must be pi/2 cause youre the one
I am always hungry!!
Bringing a tear to my eye
Cardio always turns into a dance session on the treadmill...
hey I need to ask you something!
Direct message me!
Is Apple Finally Releasing an iPhone Nano?
So their is this boy and he's completely amazing i think I may be falling for him.
Yes What's ur vision for space RT : A1 what will the space be used for; how often
The floor at vernon is creaking  the steps let u know where everyone is.
Lit from the above cupola, the light eeks into the corners
Fdoctorbuilt the middle class in 100 days from a wheelchair.
Why are we holding it together with scotch tape and bailing wire laying down?
PPSHave dinner at Fish La Boissonerie in San Germain de Pres!
Make a rez...so good
nowplaying Arcade Fire
Yum!
RT : We do :  RT : Q5.
Who has the best Twitter avatar?
Most unusual Twitter handle?
MICA has an architecture program?
We not leavin now , fuck you gettin ready for O.O
Thanks!
RT Wonderful!
I signed up for the newsletter and am happy to help spread the word when the time comes.
Oh that's a good one!
RT : it takes a lot of cash to go FAZZTbecome a sponsor today!
love you too.3
Watching 90210.
Kelly just said, Well I'm afraid we aren't Eskimos...or are we?
New WWE Tag Team Champions!
!
with Lil Jimmy as manager!
I love this!
I love this!
Fair Park tonight!
Test doctorving a KIA for a commercial?
We'll see what happens!
Great diversity day at our HS  I'm especially proud of student organizers and leaders!
Over the last four years on the Internet only Jennifer Aniston has been rumored to get together and break up with more men than the Yotes.
It's all very cool.
Really awesome that you wear all the hats!
Seriously.
One of the best performances I've seen in a while.Tyler is fucking insane.
I might have a small crush on him.
Won't lie...i'd appreciate this movie using modern english instead of Renaissance english!
Our lives are like quilts, bits and pieces, joy and sorrow, stitched with love.
Congrats on the new Facebook page!
appreciate it bro hell yeah them hoes go live
and Beavis and Butthead their adopted high schooldoctorpout kids.
I have cold feet.
But no really.
My feet, they're cold!
Avengers movie.
We must have a sequel!
WARNING: Caffeine not at Therapeutic levels, tolerance for stupid people low, approach at own risk.
You have been warned.
Rage practice starts outdoors this Tuesday.
Go to WWW.leaguelineup.com/southmilwaukeerage for more info
Today is the day for married men to give our wives options if they want to work or not!
Let's take back the family and put it back in order!
There are multiple articles in today's that would be amusing were it not for the fact people were hurt, or killed.
: it's not whats the return on investment in social media, its what's the COST of ignoring via
PeopleLikeUs like to blame others instead of taking the blame for themselves
My parents are downstairs watching old videos of me in college.
I really can't face 1988 college me today.
It makes me feel like a loser
i like the raptors over yall
gosh darn it, tumblr!
You missed my tweet.
I found a job.
Spot trending now in Des Plaines, IL: Starbucks  H6  Starbucks
Grant you're awesome!
Thanks for all the amazing times!
Love ya
I swear I'm going to have a shirt made that's says don't approach me if...
and a long ass list of things I can't stand!
No joke when family members are ill  they need your help.
I need some herbal tea.
Stat!
1 more follower and I take the top Ferris Bueller spot.
One of the worst performances of my career, and they never doubted it for a second!
Every semester I'm at UCB, I need my university employer to also pay the university the cost of graduate tuition.
Haha, good, it's justified!
Not sure if they're my 1 yet, but they've been my 2 since the RFK days.
Nothing but up now!
Official Star Trek TOS  AND THE CHILdoctorN SHALL LEAD Oct.
1968
So bored don't know what to do :
can you make contact with my router?
I want to be sure it's not a wire issue.
Huh!
I was the opposite.
I'd hole up at a table or quiet room w/ my ibook, or I would read journals to kill time between classes.
Dang .
This year is going by SO fast !
my gpa goal isn't so impossible after all.
YAYYYYY!!!!!!!
ChrisBrownPickupLines Oh baby I'm the best lipsyncher you'll ever meet
Tear this ship apart until you've found those tests!
Vader misplaces his package from Pearson.
Show em how it's done David West!!!
Yeah thats true, my gramny use to say only you know when its time to walk away
It's easy to see that you are smarter....especially with that contemplative look in the professorle pic..lol
performing at TONIGHT at 8pm with Use code RADICAL for 2 for 1 tix!
Goonies!
this is going to be good.
Lol
wecanbefriendsif you have a car
I'm Cutting This Shit Off Friday !!
This Hair Gots Ta' Go !
Equity doesn't mean providing the same things to all students...
It's important to invest equitably.
Georgette Bhatena, JP Morgan Chase
Good morning!
i do!!
Lets work together on this :
Well CH retweeted me.
My bday has been made.
Thank you!
starCHasers !
!
yeah feli, sounds good let me know when you can :
oh whatever :p
Had a good time at my cousin's house, eating, doctornking  laughin with the fam 
Over the course of a single week, I was in Phoenix, DC, Boston, the Bahamas, and Orlando.
Nice to be home for a change.
should be time stamped if you want to skip.
No plot talk, but themes are mentioned.
OK.
we are rebrandin everything.
Extendedcare professorssional is now ExtendedService professorssional.
no more confusion with them
How many get eliminated this week?
1 or 2?
I can't believe I'm seeing you Tuesday.
No, like I really don't even feel like this is happening.
does Michael love his mom or his wife more?
what do blondes and turtles have in common?
If ya get em' on their backs there....
Fked
Thank you so much!
Hope you had a great day!
I want to be a stay at home mom but without the kids.
make it fun, kind of like sesame street when teaching library skills Amy Springer
went to buffalo beer/wine festival for free, saw the vow, sleeping in, powder keg/ sabres game tmister.
best weekend ever.weMeganRobertson1we
Thank you all my friend from myspace and facebook for doctorpping by!
by text, phone just to wish me a happy birthday: I love you guys:
depressing, what happened to it?
I'm dead
yeah.
Jerk.
Thank you for having Jack White's Blunderbuss.
My ears and wallet approve :
Why do YOU think this night is different from all the other nights?
Do you have any good Pet jokes?
Dog Stories?
Cat funnies?
let us know and we may RT you!
such a long day!
glad to be home..
:
We haven't any plans.
I'll DM you my phone so you can text or call me.
In case I'm not on the twitter.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
sip sip:
Thank you for the mention!
you are so pretty and talented!!!
: please follow me?
Thanks!
:
How much discretion to use; that is the question
Shieet we got more than a month and you already know what to get!
Why do I care so much when I know I shouldnt
New Yorker article says artists have 7 seconds to hook someone on a song.
How long for readingdo you buy based on Amazon sample chapters?
I want to be more tan.
:
Watching videos of heavy D
I wanna trade Tim Duncan.
Anyone?
So happy 2 have my Days fam at this time cuz my grandfather just passed away!!
XOXO
Just watching a movie now!
Having temporarily left DH world for a traditional panel, finding it weird that none of the panelists seem to be on Twitter.
what's wrong with dude?
Why he so mad all the time?
Up late updating the blog.
New post will up in the morning.
Sleep tight everyone.
Just paid my ATT bill and they took that money out with the quickness
good to know :
Looking forward to the weekend in SF.......some RR is required.
: Dude.
North Carolina.
Wrong side of history.
so...gmail is down.
that's really inconvenient.
its polka dot cheater
You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you stop to look fear in the face.
I hate having to pee when wearing a bodysuit
Invented the Design Lab  places where you can do arts and sciences together
That's clutch.
All credit.
comparing your first job and the rest of your career to mister right now vs mister right: great advice from
Sad that a project tanked today, but glad that it is finally over.
It turned into too much of a heartache.
RIP CTE
Carn the mighty Hawks!
Love our family footy night 3
Thanks for the delicious cookies someone just doctorpped off in our office :

Nine rounds or nine holes?
There's a HUGE difference...
I remember when and would talk to me:
...Why you got to be SO fine?!
No oil on Texas beaches, but not many birds or nesting sea turtles either.
RT IF YOU LOVE MUSIC.!
:
Happy Birthday one of my best friends, doing her thing in grad school  I'm so proud of her!
Enjoy your day boo!
Good Morning!
its ok
im going commando tonight..
cause i procrastinate with doing laundoctor 
Chilled and relaxed!
Feeling great!
Hit me up!: Hope all is well!
why she did me like that?
I would basically look like an asshole if you found out i liked him...
Hahahaha
I know xP
I really want to watch Romeo  Juliet
pretty great weekend:
: She's a bobble head where where?
Lol
Amazing : : Omg!
R u serious??
My minis got a 1st in category, platinum and 1st overall?!
HELL FUCKING YEA!!!!!!!
inmiddleschool I said no to doctorgs, inhighschool doctorgs said no to me
Got a sub in third guess I'm not doing shit today
thanks for ruining my day.
Every success is built on the ability to do better than good enough.
Practicing, working on new song, teaching lessons.
I tried to make it as inoffensive as possible.
But it's a corn dog.
It's kind of offensive by nature.
I often Google just to spell check words.
I'd love to see Google's consumer professorle on me.
He's really into 'beauocracy' and 'bannanas'.
That's cool  pack fan .
.
.
non pack fan .
.
.
all are welcome!
Money don't move without action.
dhtrial heard what seemed like chuckling from chambers.
Otherwise very quiet.
Sell them what they want, but give them what they need.
Bedoctors Keuilian
Gotta get my bball game going.
Simply ain't playing up to par right now!!
I'm declaring myself the Kevin Garnett in his prime of the kitchen.
Test me if you think I'm lying.
Writing during a realtor open house is impossible.
Those hot, saltscoured afternoons when the shore curved away in its long glistening arc toward the distant bluffs.
Caleb's Crossing
Got to Newark 3 hours early for our flight only to find out our flight has a 3 hour delay.
Please call us for standby!
Okay Twitterverse, who all is going to ?
Patiently waiting ....
Amazing true fact: IE7 renders HTML tables more correctly than IE8 or IE9.
Who knew?
Awesome!
: I bookmarked the site.
Thank you.
whoa where?
Lol I was supposed to but I don't know why I didn't 
Check me out tonight on Showbiz Tonight  11pm ET on CNN.....
How many Seymours does your 5yearold know?
haha I know right : I'm half mexican half dominican :3 But I live in California  You...
:
RT : A candidate who wins the state he was born in by 3 points is unstoppable.
Sunday mother/daughter juicing day, farmers market, making 10 gallons of herb tea day.
I'm doing the paleo cleanse with her for support.
Now I see why you skipped your workout!
Saturday shout outs to and love you
And it's over...endofanera?
Err...or just a stadium.
Gimme some luxury boxes.
Weird...
Back in my hometown for the night..
Very very strange.
Is it me you're looking for?
Bless your soul, you really think you're in control.
check out White Rabbits at the MOOG FACTORY playing songs from It's Frightening on Moogs!
www.liveatmoog.com
Thought determins ur destiny so think wisely..
Jack, thanks much for the RT.
Here's to niche marketing!
I try to do my homework, but I easily get distracted, and then something like tapping my pencil against the desk becomes so interesting
u dont tweet
You're welcome Geane!
besides the early start, the first game I was the Vikings and was the saints...
It was fair
okay!
lol I've heard that one plenty of times.
The Lower North Fork Fire is now 45 Contained per
The Chaos Agent coming up in just a minute, tune in!
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead
I'm not saying anything about Claiborne's skill.
Just his attitude.
I'm no Wonderlic fan, but how can you just blow it off?
Scratch that.
suggested stoptheraid.
We're going with it.
Thank you for the follow!
probably because it's an awesome album...
On new years my goal is to get 100 followers PLEASE help me achieve that goal I'll follow u in return
Thanks for liking my page Madeline!
:
it's just too bad you can't play them 3 or 4 times each...
playing each is like a bye week!
I need new black heel
haha it was good seeing you!
:
...that was in the Hersey's Kiss ass?
nice :
: Adding and shit to make the sentence sound cooler and shit.
suggestion for getting out of the thatcamproadtrip involves doctorving quickly over a cliff face.
May revisit plan later.
stalker!!
Whats the number for 911???
Happy New Year to all our Twitter friends!
Been at the airport forever ugh
i have it uploaded to youtube!
This morning I'll be serving up some microwaved yearold bananas'n'creme Quaker oatmeal realness with a side of anxiety
Do I see you in the crowd at the President's press event?
his numbers are actually really good.
ADCDebate Alexandoctora has a 600m budget/year
Excuse me sir, could you point me in the direction of the hood?
mister DMX
love the WMD jab on your site.
N btw your hair looks awesome!
yes, it's the first of many Nat'l Pie Days!
Just heard on the radio for the first time.
I hope his music doesn't change because of this.
Congrats tho
WhatIf I was irish
should just write his players checks to
I'll be there!
I wonder how Kate Middleton is celebrating National Princess Week...
Chemistry is seriously my favorite class this year, I could be here all day and still be content!
until now I wasn't.
Would be great, count me in!
Me too!
Lin's kicks were hot tonight in the Futures Game
Host your next event at Clear Port Boutiques.
For more information inbox Marcel
SHUT UP!
RT Refusing to believe this   It's snowing in New Berlin
The successful always have a  of projects planned to which he looks forward.
Anyone of them could change the course of his life overnight.
The answer to that is in my book.
Radio/TV show hosts hate it when authors answer that way.
Instead give 3 solutions.
Sounds like a blast!
hahaha xD
GOODBYE FAMOUS PPL clicking except if followed!!
lol O
doctorve thy business, or it will doctorve thee.
youcantdateme if you are selfish and boring too
malbec in the house
Have you noticed that the most serious people have the most ticklish feet?
God's way of forcing these people to laugh, perhaps.
If you have zest and enthusiasm you attract zest and enthusiasm.
Life does give back in kind.
Peale
Thanks Lorri..great seeing you.
RT : ce2012 is knocking it out of the park sales marketing presentation
Who do you have winning the PGAChamp?
We want to know!
Is anyone going to Miranda Lambert  Chris Young tomorrow night?
Best of luck to all students taking finals and to our graduating seniors; we'll miss you!!!
Don't forget to tweet about today!
Do you like cupcakes?
So do we!
Come to our Family Event on May 6 and grab one from So proud to have them as a sponsor!
Happy Mothers Day everyone
Its Friday!
The weekend is setting in, but work is ever present.
The balance...
Does the Pack have a chance to keep Cullen Jenkins n James Jones?
i start on the 13th.
i'll be up on the 12th.
when can we get up?
i need a NYC vet to show me the ropes.
follow another twitter acct.
As long as your not powerding that nose I might follow you
Up.
Way to early :l
You're welcome.
Thanks for noticing!
I'm still up...
lol
New Clues to Preeclampsia  Wall Street Journal
This Thursday 9/15/11.
Best Thursday Night in Lincoln Park Returns with amazing new specials and a new location!!
Dont miss it
Cops pulls me over, license  registartion?
i say no he gives me a ticket i go scissors beats paper bestprankever.
haha!
this could be the coolest PHOTO ever!!!!!!!
Have a super relaxing day!
Don't forget the sunscreen!
HELLO RATCHET
Swear it was g..
RT : NF yesterday was crazy my nigga
going place cuzz
Watching boomerang the best mac movie of all time
sounds like an excellent tentative plan to me...
Random morning shoutout to :
IGHTT LETS GO CLIPS
No.
Haha.
He probably will though.
Thursday morning, listening to Lou Reed's TRANSFORMER, thinking my coffee needs a shot of whisky.
Or heroin.
Yes please!
Mike and the girls night!
heck ya we are;
hopefully my cute outfit vision will work out tomorrow : but goodnight.
xx 3
what's your favorite wrestlemania match you've been a part of?
you are amazing :
: Finding answers in God isn't one way, it's the only way.
you just blew my mind RT : Exactly.
Rachet used to be a rabbi.
Oh and Decepticons are Catholic, by the way.
::like I said what is it to you johnny boy?!
tell mama Tama I said happy mommy's day!
The showcase in Apartment 218 has started.
Live acoustic performance from Free water and NYC bagels while they last.
Right!
Forgot about that.
Hope he does.
Interesting guy met him at Pacific Conf annual meeting few years back.
Wha ya'll no about dat chinese ref wit ketchup stains all ova his beada
yes, good
Salmon with wine pairings.
Darren is going all out for Thurs.
lunch tasting.
Join usas taster apply at www.TasteTweet.com
Consultant Search Processed: General Contractor  Parking Lot ADA Compliance  Northern CA
No its, the opposite
I dint care it didn't hurt but I guess he felt bad so he gave me a hug
Good Morning to all my hoes out there in da world lts remember to keep up da good work and plz rmember to bring yur own knee pads
oh, what's up, Texas!?
aha ask him for a follow he would u have alot more followers than him
you'll have to let me know how the mullet is.
Was going this afternoon but thought they weren't 100 ready yet.
Register for BeerCon if you havent already...
its how angels get their wings.
Done being sad.
Focusing on me now.
TBone remains consistently Top Monitored,  Sundays 4 WIN only helps!
Tonight, TBone has a MLB 4 for you and Him to cash with!
BPOSport
starting with the 9th Doctor today.
super excited.
hey stranger!
How u been homie?
Sleep tonight, at dawn parade.
I still have roughly 7 hours to procrastinate for midterms...what to do, what to do...
I'll have to check The Seamstress.
Ghosts has been my favorite so far.
Follow us and you cud win a free party bus, complimentary doctornks and the full VIP treatment.
Already following?
RT and you cud b selected 2
4 yr old tells me I'm cheating while playing car racing video games bc I'm I'm the lead haha love it
Like seriously its so annoying
Kick is good and now its Patriots 7 Broncos 6.
Don't miss Here to Serve's 1st bachelor/ bachelorette auction Tuesday, April 17th to benefit 4 Atlanta based charities!
Nice to see that rental rates have dipped since the last time I hunted for a place to live in LA.
Gr8!
RT : Hey !
My birthday is coming!
we'll be there  wait till the end of days if necess., can't wait!
You build emotional connections on different platforms with brands because you get a glimpse of their personality  of
I've got Walk Like an Egyptian Stuck in my head!
Damn internet jukebox!
what?!
where did you get said falsies?!
RT just bought 20 fake eyelashes for 4 including shipping!
You Need Your Own Show!!!
Like Explaining How Much Sodium Is In SoySauce ..
I Don't Give A Fuck
Ok only 2 episodes left for True Blood...
Who do you think is going to die on the season finale???
If you aren't listening to the podcast yet, it's time you do.
Intense Heat, But No Light, in JapanKorea Hydoctorgraphic Battle  Wall Street Journal
A must read book if you are passionate about alternative energy and what Nokero is doing to pave the way.
exactly!
What happened to us?
Well, I don't know you, maybe your just as cool, but I've certainly lost my competitive edge
the old FATA and PTW records are amazing
but thinking if EVERYONE is remote, it may just work.
going to look into setting up an all remote meetup :
a few hours ahead of time?
praying for angel  her family.
her mom passed away after that episode was taped.
StayStrongAngel 
DC vital records sent me 1 copy of stranger's birth certificate, not the 3 copies of my daughter's I ordered.
No wonder office called DOH.
Thanks...YAY!!!
Finally...couldn't be happier for both of them.
My brother is so happy and tired too!!!
Back to Milwaukee!
:
What an amazing night!!!
The club was Poppin and everyone had a Blast Dancing  Partying  ABQ's Best Danceclub  Lotus Nightclub!!!
Don't remember if I replied or not, but thanks.
Talked to Uncle Augie and everything is getting worked out.
Have a great weekend.
Real NICE!
Props.
You Continue to break my heart but like a doctorg attic , I can't get enough ...
Smh :/
just something that I thought you might be interested in.
Do you know how wonderful life is with you on the Earth
Narcissistic Rant: My stomach isn't that flabby anymore and I think I can see some rib definition!
Why didn't anyone tell me exercise works?
Graham: Locally, a group working with Land Use  Housing to find permanent affordable housing sources.
: What's your number?
I lost it when I got my new phone :
Nas..
You're doing good to my soul right now.
Whitney Gone...
Our Singer Dead
: I Have Major Trust Issues , I Can't Trust Anyone !
I feel this to the max !
that's jizz to my ears.
At risk of being unoriginal this weather is AWESOME!
heyy.
I wish I saw you
Dear Smokers, u can not make two blunts out of a nickel bag
Mine starts with orientation Thurs.
Did you clerk this summer?
lol this bitch.
Forgot our Wonk Photo Contest started this week?
Don't worry!
Week 2 starts tonight at midnight.
Ads are all over DC.
american.edu/wonk
Yayy i get the next week off of school!
Soo happy!!
MY DAD IS PAYING FOR THE REST OF MY PHONE SO I CAN GET THE 32GB IPHONE INSTEAD OF 16 BECAUSE IM ONLY A LITTLE SHORT 
About to doctorp an absolute sick set on the rooftop of the Clevelander hotel from 1pm to 5pm...if you are on the beach swing bye...
Present: .
Get ready for a WILD night
RT GGPark Band helps you celebrate Italian American Day at the Music Concourse today at 1pm for free.
//Take an umbrella!
aye fam, follow back ?!
:
Hollie's doctorss Is Too Cute!
seriously!
I'm leaving for a month over the summer so we will have to go before then!
FINISH THIS set!
Winner goes to the Final Four!
Every time I see a commercial for the heavy hitter, I always think of I sure do miss having him around :
let's do!
say hi to us!
Rena and Gabby from america 3
Yes guys in NYC...I'm a celtics fan
LOL ...
BUT HE PULLED IT OFF WELL I HAVE TO say .....
Great chatting with you both.
Thanks for the tips!
What the hell Love doctornking orange slice?
He gone catch cramps
I got money and I slang that wood so gon waste ya time she just gon take that doctornk and walk back to Daddy!
Aw man.
I just ate half my body weight in Baked Lays and Dean's dip for lunch  guess who's not skipping the gym today :
only childoctorn or vd...
10FactsAboutMe I will be everything you want but nothing you can have because you have lost your chance...
TMI RT : Hart said two pieces of cartilage already had broken off and were floating in the knee, which would have locked it...
There's no repayment for that...
good ;D
Unofficial winning time of 24 minutes, 2 seconds for Sigl.
S/O to my new  Old followers 
my new name
ain't no one like those situations lol
I just accidentally swallowed my mouthwash.
Love to twitter on twitterrific ..
: hi
The SuperSecret SingAlong CD I ordered for my Dad  I is on it's way!
My Dad is all excited, too, trying to figure it out!
D
Finishing lastminute touches to new iPad application AND our upcoming update to Flex!
We hope you like it!
hm....hit me up when you get off work later girl!
I got you;
of course.
let me know what's good?
Great call on Carmelos!
May have to make our way down there ourselves ;
5 says Matt Cooke pens :
Sat outside for ten min and i already look like a diff race
Having a bad back week.
Started w/ a tight lower back, then tweaked left midback.
Recovered  tweaked right mid.
Time for a massage.
Hope everyone on the West coast is having a good morning and the East coast having a good lunch...and inbetween enjoying that 3rd cuppa joe
LOL!
No sir!
Been down!
sad very sad 
out Oct 15th, you can check out or progress with the game and book by going to www.d3xsoft.com thanks and hope you all are well!
I have both.
Check out the amazing artwork of Haley Cassatt!
The Blunt Amendment got knocked down,, in the senate; some good sense displayed.
Yea.
Always.
RT : Being very grown up and mature with
Check out platinumposts.com
WERKIN on this new track coming out on me and lucci's killa swag mixtape and blowing on this lemon haze wit 
Trey Songz  Heart Attack video
Hum, depends on the situation RT should i wear red or Black hmm?
ahh I'm watching that right now for the 1st time it's so funny :D
Young the Giant at the Fillmore tonight at Squee!
'' I can't doctornk this beer...
It tastes like a pankcake ''
i was looking at Funny last night on reddit and saw !
Old news?
who else watches the bio channel like me?
lol
So what do I have to do to give you a much needed QB and I need a WR
NGP VAN does not buy, sell, or trade lists.
We provide a blank database.
Random tweet: Listening to the Jackson 5's Who's Loving You.
Takes me back to when Michael died  the BET Awards scrambled to honor him.
I'm so happy we have school off on valentines day.
Eating organic blueberry oatmeal, doctornking green tea and deciding what to tackle first: create PPT of best intranets or verify REQ doc.
The RT before this is access to the slides for tonight's class.
She hasnt tweeted since 38 mins.
Ago since the argument was happening.Calm yo' tits.shit
Today was/is one of the craziest days I've ever had.
fight than
Good luck on your tryouts!
Be right back Twitter : !
Wish Ty was here 
How many times is too many..
when it comes to reheating coffee?
I'm heading for the 2nd now  but it was fancy coffee not just station doctorp
Happy for Holtby.
Love your work, Im a big fan!
We can help you raise money for your next video or presell some of your work.
Hit me up to chat
doctornking  Smoking weed Fun doctornking  Smoking weed loss of brain cells and accidental sex with a ugly bitch which 9 months lead too?
lmao
CREED  Warner Theatre TONIGHT
Other tools: gliffy, google forms.
catch contact...
echofon is great if you have a Mac and use the Mac app.
It syncs your timeline so u are always at the last read tweet
I'm not a  hater.
I just want you to die.
TandSballoon ARE WE THERE YET?
Nice : I am sure that just loves that
Thanks for the RT :D Keep up the hard work over there.
DO THIS!!!
RT : Would LOVE it on vinyl.
Costs a fortune...
no label, no distribution, no chance
what's the matter.
Talk to me
More childoctorn have arthritis than juvenile diabetes, cystic fibrosis, cerebral palsy and muscular dystrophy COMBINED.
Gonna try and hit 30 pages today.
Wrote 7 in the past 5, so going for a personal record today of 9.5 pages.
Surprisingly I don't have a cold even though I was in the hot tub when the temp was about 30F.
I have them electronically and can share if you want.
LOL I never said that...I like the basketball side of it tho, everything else?...hate it
Where can i listen to some of your work.
okay :C
FOUND one adorable gray and white puppy dog in a public bthrm at chattahoochie rvr this am!
She needs a new home!!!
Pls spread the word
just listenin to Aqueous Transmission by Incubus
I should really consider getting some sleep.
It's a good thing I don't have any obligations tomorrow.
Don't forget, is playing this Saturday!
No cover as always.
Oh cool!
It's supposed to be an awesome weekend too!
Warm weather  cold beer  easy livin'!
var life  function  if  return You're a boss;  else  return Learn what's up!;  ; life;
It's an interesting issue!
I feel like 'brogramming' can be harmless fun, but clearly some have crossed a line.
The cast of The Hunger Games is about to be on stage at MOA.
Safe to say the teenage girls came out in full force.
I am beautifully busy right now...
Blog posts, new photos, and TONS of local coverage!
Check back for updates  details!
LiveMusic NewArt!
I guess no ustream ;c
I am his Highness' dog at Kew; Pray tell me, sir, whose dog are you?
Huge thanks to , , and for the sweet book launch last night!
It was just 12 days ago when Ariana hit 1.6 now 1.7!
In love with this fan base!
:
Switch the windex plan up.
Instead walk down the street.
And spray it in your friends eye and have them freak.
See what people do.;
wrong about the time part...
definitely takes time
she's not the worst, but she is approaching it.
doctorving to Buffalo Grove.
ETA 5:36 PM using  Social GPS.
: free stuff is the best stuff!
you already know!
both, happy eastern motors!
Overeem: English is my second language
We are saddened to hear of the death of former Charger Junior Seau, a local San Diego icon and legend.
Our thoughts are w/ his family.
This Friday its going down!
B Day Bash inside Club 1616.
1616 E 15th st LA.
Ladies free  bottle specials till 11.
Out probably another month or so.
Restrained his elbow.
RT : For designers who want to learn to code, Dave MacFarland's fullday workshop at UX Immersion is a great place to start:...
OMG, you have to search him on youtube or follow him at he is an incredible young singer from Texas 
Well I guess I'm missing class today.
Eye appointment taking forever.
This year sucks.
when does he come around where you live
tell your publisher now!!
If they think they can get syllabus biz they'll be thrilled.
stop making fun of Oprah guys.
Bitch has got a lot on her plate
Happy Birthday !
From one Godfearing, southern girl to another...
Enjoy!
NB Create a filter.
Open the email, click more  filter messages like these.
Click next.
Check Delete it.
click create filter
My prob w is that it is the Mitt Romney of mags it has zealously adhered to Public Choice in trying to dominate middle
SEMA2011 is making an excellent case for all the uses for vinyl wraps.
We're bringing back some exciting new options!
Awesome.
Our team took third and we are headed to State: RT : How was the Hammond regional?
I wish I could go to Too bad I don't live close to there.....
Can anyone point me to some good digital watermarking source code / algorithms?
Hey guys!
Wish a happy birthday!
was just talking this the other day...
No one really cares RT But why do y'all keep RTing compliments tho?
yooo thankz fo followin me !
If U wanna get 2kno Me , den hit me up ;
So close to quitting time, SO CLOSE!
Whats friday like where you are?
Good deal.
My wife writes paranormal romance.
There's always room for JLo.
hey boo...quick ?
do we have to answer both questions on the blog post?
taking it a day at a time but please instant message me on facebook brother
cause .....
I don't want aliah to get in her trunk ....
Besides I'm not in yours .

ii done stayed home ; but im bored as heck!
What do you mean by that?
Yay for productivity Trish!
Know you can do it!
What's the deadline for?
Thank you Pearl, and have a great weekend
awesome.
I miss you too, man!
Hope you and the fam are all well.
I would have to say Gears 3 finally launching!!
singing  dancing best thing eva
Can't wait til game time....
Let the daddy sodas doctorin
My grandmother started walking five miles a day when she was sixty
follow me back my love 33
you add legendofKorra in there to???
Saw it yesterday and loved every minute of it!
Our small, stupid conversations mean so much more to me than you'll ever know.
HI TWITTER WERE BACK lol
I surely can friend.
I use Agave nectar in my sugar free pies.
I thought you left already lol
No more im not just going to sit their and let you hurt me I'm going to get up and hit you in ur face
Little Mountain no go, but Willoughby is..I'm excited as some of my fav breweries are gonna be there that arent in PA
Nice!
We're wishing on our lucky charms for you.
:
The last three gives Wilson a career high 16 pts
Tonight.
The 930 Arts Center.
Interstates  Lydia Burrell.
We have been preparing with you in mind.
Please come and enjoy.
I'm at a McDonalds and this guy just left his newborn baby on a table and left.......oh America
Started writing a new song today.
This one will make you want to dance.
Can't wait till you all can hear it!
well hello there!
I'm sorry D: I hope you feel better soon!
All my first dates end up at Alterra on the lakefront.
hey my best friend, 's birthday is this Friday and she loves you!
Can you please wish her a happy bday!
Plz!
Wore my doctorke shirt to school today and didn't get doctorss code.
BHS knows is too cool for doctorss code.
Haha ;
sumthn special just for u....
2 NEW bEaTS!!!!
Can't wait to see this fat pay check 
112 formerly homeless pets were adopted into loving, forever families during our 24/7 Event!
THANK YOU!
The boyz did what they're mission was, to inspire people and send a message saying kids can tear up the stage.
New Mixtape: Lil ' B 'The Silent President ' Lil ' B is back and he 's giving us another new mixtape .
Losing Followers Is The Worst Feeling In The World.
Most ecomm sites store your data anyway...
they have to for returns/issues/mkt research.
They just don't tell you that.
Buddy ass said he would be my sugar daddy lmbo!
Crazy the amount of setup and prep time it takes to shoot what will amount to be a minute long scene in a tv show.
Long day!
EMBARC is teaming up with Farmhouse today for lunch.
Farm to table with everything made in house even the sodas!
reading your umbraco 5 article...can you share your .gitignore and how you deploy a site from this method?
aha.
She's mentioning the challenges w/ rural areas in SA, vs the more affluent areas.
That's the REAL Africa?
The story of my fuckin life......
Happy Pay Rent Day!!
Haii everyone go follow an amazing guy and help get him to 200 maybe even 300 come on follow him:
We're working with Max Dalton for our debut issue cover.
MAX F'ING DALTON PEOPLE!!!
Get excited!!!
me neither!
Watching jersey shore like EVERYONE else on this fucking planet!
I kind of wish that Logan would trade swimsuit bottoms with the girl he's hugging...
If only unsubscribing from your mailing list actually meant I would stop receiving your emails.
Sigh.
Give me your Tumblrs!
I follow everyone lol
Excuse me sir  but WHY do you have Patrick Swayze tattoo'd on your forearm?
I am happy I can say I've been in the same building as a kardashian now
I have all four but rarely use LinkedIn  Google I checka few times a monthbut typically ppl cross post so dont miss much
You're only two years older than me.
C.
Plum
I love Ireland but the breakfast over there needs to improve before I visit again
You're still a fucking douche bag!
Reading my mail...ugh whatever..
Sorry, what is this maths?
now following .
!
Cx
I go to platinum :, why what's up?, oh yeah and follow me Elia don't act like u don't know who I be lol .
Discover What Moves You  Find your passion and strive to live your life around it.
Make your list.
Do your homework.
There is this caution,
You're welcome!
I read December Nightmare this weekend and loved it  great story!
:
To stop the flow of music would be like the stopping of time itself, incredible and inconceivable.
Aaron Copland
Same to you mama:!
That's an awesome band name.
Wish I could make it out.
OtterbeinTF Go Hurdlers!
Lesson of the Day: This is your ass This is your ass in prison Any questions?
Just say no to crime!
Here comes the wwe poster boy.
thanks man!
:
if anyone is spring cleaning, i'm collecting clothes to donate to
YES!
We are all blessed!
Thank you for reminding me that there is so much to be thankful for today!
Lol doctornk a bottle of wine Mama that'll put you to sleep RT : I need some!!!
gwu, sleighbell coffee?
What's better on a miserable Tuesday?
This living history business at the National American History Museum is really good.
Can't wait to get 43 and head north
the 4th rule of thatcamp pub is: always bring mittens.
Me and Jordan Benker let's trend
thanks you too.
bizethics sometimes environmentalism finds you, Logan
Even though their games have very little in common, lets compare Kevin Love to Larry Bird because they're both white basketball players!
Taking the long way to class
Thanks to everyone who came to the Marcy Playground show!
You guys are the best!
Why is it that the second week of break goes by so much faster then the first?
DON'T hire an SEO, they only want u 2 rank in the search engines with ur competitors competitionless.com/searchenginedomination.html
ah!
tell Dublin I said hello!
I miss the place somethin' rotton, even that little bodhran bollix under the Molly Malone satue
BOYFRIEND10Minutes OMG, I am so excited to hear it!
Buy things because you need them, not because they are on sale
I don't know how puts up with these people in his chats.
People were praying on my rough flight, anyone laughing would have actually freaked me out.
If you had a chance to pick a paint scheme for a NASCAR car what color would the main color be?
check your facts on who developed the SAFER barrier.
What are your thoughts about FB going public?
Let us know!
Gorgeous site.
Welcome to the world.
let FOLKS knw I called him yesterday but he didn't answer..
Lol..
Talking bout me
what do you bring into that audition room?
Your authentic self!!!
No desperation, no perky, no attitude  YOURSELF.
yes.
just got my phone back.
hallelujah!
I regret telling her :/
Hey Tias, how bout a nap?
Why Tias that sounds splendid.
Thought so, lets make it happen.
Tias U always have great ideas.
Thx Tias, you too
ommmgg I feel that way all the time.
It make me colder when I see that.
Thank you, Cindy.
The time is right for our Civil War stories since this is the first year of the Sesquicentennial commeration fo the C.W.
And...
he's kinda hot.
Even with a pasta strainer on his head.
Plus atheism adds to the hotness.
I can't wait until marching band season!
I'll have to make sure to see your show!
Holden and Ophelia are the best literary names!
Good picks :
Haha, I hear ya.
lol!
No lighting for some reason screws it up.
That is what a tech guy told me.
When u relize...
Thanks for prompting me to think ecomm.
LoL accidentally dirty you Lil Birdie Ahahaha.......Loved your Homer and Marge, once I figured out that wasn't a lamp post LOL
hey!
Nice job on boot camp.
Proud of ya sister.
Thus far I highly recommend
capsbruins those penalties better fucking even out
just talked with Earl Smith...says glad he ran honest campaign against Mayor Coleman
Hm...
To buy My Ticket Home's album, or not to buy.
That is the question...
SaaS contracts can compel navigation of 3party arrangement, not always in privity; user, software vendor and cloud provider
This sucks do bad
Hey brotha I just watched your Inspirational Sermon from April 4th on TBN.
I'm heading back to Faith Street.
Thank you.
a concert hosted by Kiis fm
i've had a person at work ask me when I'm going to have kids
Best line of the day, Is that fox news I hear?
I will really start to cry if it is...
I HEARD STEVE CARELLS NOT ON THE OFFICE ANYMORE!
THATS THE ONLY REASON I EVER REALLY WATCHED IT!!!
i'm not taking food from anyone's mouth...i'm feeding...constantly...every day...working
Shine in the New Year with a Winter Radience Facial Take 50 OFF , Fridays only!
Offer ends Jan 31st.
3606870778
Fantastic time with and in Modesto!!
Thank you,
Just heard someone yell Turkish Hanmer here at Caesars.
Awesome.
Wish I lived in the 1600s with the witches or in the 1800s.
Both living in the country.
My wife feels that LivingSocial Distortion would be a better name.
hey so excited for the brofriend video!
actually can't wait!
wanna make my day and follow/tweet me?
much love from ireland x
me too cant wait
Thanks Milan!
Unfortunately, we are not.
Are you guys on there?
P.E.M.D.A.S.
Please Excuse My Dope Ass Swag.
I finally get math.
Uh Oh..
No Love breaking is toys again?
My apartment looks a lot bigger when most of my stuff is not in it.

ira, and yet again he tweeted tractable, gentle, pliant, and submissive
SleepIssues has gone to print.
Downloads available next month.
single 35  up TryOuts is throwing a cocktail party for you Nov 27th.
visit www.tryoutssanantonio.com or call 2105586558 for info
If ya parents give you money it's still their money not yours
Social Media is the path to new age recruiting.
Visit us and review the latest jobs posted!
www.hrjobboard.com
Get your mom a great gift for 50, shipping included anywhere is the USA, get a poem etched on beveled glass.
Email me to place your order.
Good Monday People
THANK U Gina, u ROCK!Gloria does most of Dollarocracy.com, I do here.
FACTS out  Justice 4all!
Kyt :j
You know it!
: The greater the  of your job is devoted to teaching, the lower your compensation  status.
We in this bihhhhhh
what is this for?
Just for you
Only 1,400 tweets   follow me.
Never stop tweeting, kids.
doctorams do come true.
Don't forget to check in on foursquare when you're on campus!
The seeds of successful businesses are problems crying to be fixed or desires craving fulfillment.
Hi Martin, Thank you for following!
Have a great week!!
too fresh.
Haha well I do have a job.
So
Don't catch salmon or any electric seals.
I don't eat those.
worst state in the country.
louisiana.
.
you?
Pablo Picasso was baptized Pablo Diego José Fransisco de Paula Juan
gurrrlll you fantasizing ?
get it  BIGRICK
Hey!
Glad you're on Twitter.
Lots going on, but that's a good thing :
Are you going to the TAC tonight?
Hey, Bill.
Backatcha!
well, they don't take reservations.
So, we're on our own!
we are getting excited here too!
Thank you!
It gets more romping soon, too  regime change, new lovers, dead bodies at the water station .
.
.
Heyy!
I have a question about the latin project..
pure RT : Twitter lives for realtime holy s moments, and nothing delivers that like live sports
Mall Posted wit Fam watch my kidz chase these lil dogs L map
Now I'm crying my eyes out..
How come my parents never told me..
I've known....
All my life he was there since I was a baby..
Unbelieveable!
Go Golden Panthers!!
I love you.
That is all.
sall good im used to the emotional abuse from my mama: thats how we roll.
MLK Chicago Stat: Along MLK: Murder risk is 3 times higher than the rest of the city.
Tat my fukin name on u wen i go u still be mine
An ending is a beginning.
Finally home from work.
Beer me!
The University of North Texas!
Im a little sweet,a little salty, I float w/the waves that gently rock me,don't come too near I might get naughty, im happy as a clam..
That's crazy!
and I were tv anchors together back in high school!
small world
we are having a blast!
Merry Christmas to you and your sweet family.
Based on how much play they're giving the story, that suspension must have already begun.
toms or sperries?
: Leos and Scorpios truly ain't the ones.
THIS....folk betta believe it like they believe u need air to breathe
Had fun laughs w/ SJ/KJ last night!
Matt has the sickness I gifted him.
I've shaken my wasted state of last night.
Chill, stormy day.
:
yes if u cant make the career fair u can do extra extra credit tests to make up for it, i will post another link to more
it likes AAPL just lowered 3rd qtr guidance.
Not sure why the stock is up after hours...
Somewhat heartbroken not to be at AWP12 right now!!
IML presents Kim Christen's Digital Humanities 2.0: is revolution possible?
Agree with Grace on multiple issues tonight.
Young, and the fact that Williams is terrible as 3B coach this year.
Hey when r we leaving tomorrow???
And when r we getting back?
Happy Monday Francisco and always keep that positive attitude and energy alive
Just did a fun standup for Joy at CTV.ca in dc bureau for use later tonight.
Getting ready for my 6:30 live shot now.
Thanks K your the best!
id die without my special K!
xD
Oosthuizen eases Masters misery with Malaysia win Louis Oosthuizen bounced back from his US Masters heartbreak in the best possible fashi
I hate Long sleeves
Good morning!!
I didn't mean YOUR butt..
I meant the catalog picture butt..
I'm not that creepy.
;
Shame on CNN.
We shouldn't speculate about how she died, but let's speculate.
Thanks for the shout out Rick!
We appreciate it.
Still sick about doctorpping my iPhone in the water....So much information and so many memories in that phone 
Last day of LGR SAT tutoring w/ the best students ever.
, , ,  others will destroy that test!
Question: Well how do you do it again?
Retweet if u are against our corrupted government and the new world order follow me and I will def follow u rite back Killumanti ;
social tv panel at smw discussion pitted against data doctorven content feed v how viewers actually want to interact with 2 screens
following the game via your tweets...
Well, has all that too, plus..
Puppies, doctorgged Bears, and CrossCountry Cats..
we're animal planet today
lol your like my new bestfriend loll
Sorry we missed you.We were there till 6pm.We will be back next Sat.Hope to see u then!
Thanks, Sarah!
Hello, We have received your request for marketing services.
Business Development Palmer Office: 888.372.4138 Welcome aboard, XMcorp
Hope it went well!!
: About to take my placement test for Cincy !!!
tomorrow needs to not be monday..
why always happen this to me/3?
mine were on at 6pm!
I sometimes see young kids with their protesting parents in front of PP when walking to work.
Waste of a childhood
I aint ask for this, i worked for this ..!!
Polar Bear party tomorrow.
You know you want to come  its a hot tub.
In Feb.
On our patio.
Plus booze.
Could it get any better?
So close to 2000 fans!
Help us get there!!
Walked out to my car to get something and the second I get there the sprinklers turn on
RT : Lil Boosie Found Not Guilty In Murder Case
lol lmfao that's harsh bro
Almost bought S4 this weekend.
Thanks to for keeping it real.
For now.
Too nice out gotta blow
I've got a stack of old mags  The Golden Notebook on my stayinbedandoctorad list this weekend.
What about you?
How many movie plots have been made worthless due to the ubiquity in our present day of the smartphone?
when you reach front desk, aim right to the private nook
I still love my sistas even though we have our moments and disagrements  :
: Nice win today Tiger.
Culture is what is in your mama's kitchen
Phone is found!
If you dont know what you talking about shut the fuck up
An my aviators Gucci !
Thank your car for that weekend of road trips.
Give us a call.
We'll come to you to change your oil, replace your breaks, and more!
Where have you gone ?
Red red wine stay close to me
Using the quick tag viewer/editor at the bottom of the display window helps sort out embedded divs and other tags.
:
okay great just make sure u tell her its a surprise so she doesn't say anything :
Only the cool kids.
;3
a little bit haha
Coming Soon!
The things in life annoy me.
A new 26 page book available on Amazon.com by midJanuary.
Reply w/ addoctorss for advance copy.
I assume that wha?
comment was sarcasm, right?
Some people can make anything about them.
Sick of selfish ass people!
Hey girl!
Did you end up getting tickets for Seattle?
If it sounds too good to be true...
ColdplayOnIdol; paradise.
how can you not like this song?
3
No, because it is a freshwater dolphin lol
This bitch has woken me up twice in one class period..
Bitch
TRAFFIC: Rollover Hwy 12/18  Hwy 73  off the road.
Emergency crews On the scene
congratulations on the t shirt line!
RT : ThingsWeAskGod2helpUsWith God give strength to change what I can  the patience to accept what I cannot
YEAH HI5 Word
Promise me u will always remember:U r braver than u believe, stronger than u seem  smarter than u think.
Christopher Robin 2 PoohAA Miline
I need 8 more lol RT : Just got done running 2 miles.
Tryin to keep up with my boy L We got some work to do!
Not always a bad thing, once you get used to it, and the world has.
I love it!
i know u watched walkingdead last night...
:
Thank you for the RT and getting the word out about FUN in Rochester NY!
You rock!
textmining, digi mapping,  geo visualization to understand 19 th cen US Mexican borderlands through writings of SF Austin
are you even getting anything done out there?
I really need to go pick up my check this weekend
Never 4 get when u work hard u receive good results
Property Fishing boat Holidays throughout Of india
also, when we hanging out familia?
dude I'm down haha for sure
What You Think Is Kind Of Oldd News
I bought some shoes n dont wanna wear them.
Lol i aint got bread to wasting
Try it now fool.
I want a fajita
I know medical waiting rooms are stressful.
But clipping yr nails is never acceptable in public.
I believe the chapter was on taking awesome notes.
Jade Bryce was N the house  we had a very productive shoot.
We accomplishd many luks N a small amount of time.
Check out sum of the fotos!
AddHealth2Life Healthy food access is an agefriendly issue.
What are you doing to turn food deserts into oases?
Haha I know what I'm doing, I got this 
Up super early to get ready for the show this morning.
Tune in for great music and fun chatting 89.3 FM 10noon EST.
Gonna put his name on my twitcon .3
ugh.
i always forget the 30.
anyway, i'm in for burgers if you go tomorrow.
I think that's a really good assessment.
I'm glad this wasn't the series finale because there is a lot more ground to cover.
thanx Man pls check out my music wwkingbabajames.com thank u again so much.
I'm good just a Tad bored lol
If Jesus can ask God the Father to forgive the people who crucified Him, then you can too!
Not ready yet?
Say/think help me Holy Ghost!!!
Thanks.
What do you still have left to organize?
RT  Peter King of SI.com likes what he sees on the Jacksonville Jaguars defensive line.
thanks for the mention!
Schenn had a chance to pull a Scott Stevens hit on Malkin there on that play and totally wussed out.
we need promotion
which in other words means, you're going to tweet it.
Right..?
Christmas Day run...
A family tradition!
MyWorldMemories when restarted baby 3 TIMES in pittburgh cause he was laughing too hard :
working in www.findire.com
: Lost all my contacts 3373531454 destinee :
poverty shouldnt be an excuse to deny childoctorn choices and a quaility education
I loove youu; I absolutly love your videos and ur amazingly hot;.
Ill give you a cookie!
If you follow me;DSavannah Carter;
I got my order in the mail!
Yippee!
Still have no breakfast :/
cool well i am a Iconiac soo ill tell my friends about it ill help out :D
Hot girl on screen SUP GIRL!?!?!?
Oh and someone should tell this other girl if she has a fat sack to not wear tight shirts.
That's not flattering
Good morning!
How the heck are you and Millie this morning?
RT Good mornin'  howdy from Texas!
:
Gonna have a pet next month or in april 3
great performance as the watermelon man on cant hardly wait
Welcome to Sara's twts.
Must be d hottest day of the year in Buff, NY.
Easier to tell which season a passerby is born.
July's r laid back.
4,000 FB likes in just over a year!
Thanks for all the amazing support guys, we love you!
I am fine thank you.
How is life treating you?
Why the JAWZOFLIFE?
:p agreed haha.
After work im picking my girlfriend up and going to play a little show before our big one next month
Going through car washes is probably at the top of my fears list.
Open access isn't the same as copyright free.
Can't agree with that last plagiarism comment.
The money is the Motive
I'm usually a big fan of The Cafe, but banana flavored pudding is just an insult to real banana pudding.
Otherwise another great lunch.
dammit gaskarth wish me a happy birthday!
Aww that's so cute.
Girl, I have BUILT a car!
;
Feeling is mutual
Irish Whiskey Tasting at Hotel Oregon on 2.27!
Start celebrating St.
Paddy's Day early with us!
More info at 503.472.8427 or mcmenamins.com
effffffffff of you slut.
same here !
that movie also taught you its ok to not feel confined to your own race.
So many of us will only date a black man
Check out our latest chapbook review!
all you beliebers out ther need to follow
your name is so ironic.
No customers matter to Charter.
Only money.
Ok, , get me home in time to watch the Caps game!
Heading to Doha to give my TED talk.
The Web of Ancient Manuscripts.
GULP.
our pleasure!
Just found out that the company I work for will be doctorpping the offered medical
what's some good places to eat around the Verizon Center?
Just slept 11 straight hours!
agreed, but we don't have the resources for it this year.
Maybe next.
your my favorite kardashian!!so real and mature!!proud!!!
Tweet at us what your doing today!!
We noticed and we love it.
Thanks.
Hey!
today anniversary of the bicycles first introduction in NYC, USA, any pics?
Love that bridge tweet!!
Hear you are speaking at Flagler College in March.
Can you come to Jax B4 or after for our PRSA group?
Dates?
Memorial weekend great..
Worked angels baseball games, had good food, spent time with someone close to me...
i understand.
twitter's not perfectly suited for the quick response.
it always comes over as pedantic.
I don't want to go to school ...
Awww.
That was one patient horse actor.
OnlyIf tweeted his future wife 3
Turned down an offer of Swisher for Bryce Harper 30 minutes ago.
Now find out Harper is getting called up Saturday.
D'oh!
Kingston grabs the camera and warns Charlie Cox that it's on now.
So much answered prayer today!!!
Awesome!
God is so good!!
I hate Russ Russ!!
lol
There's only one reason a man would light tiki torches
ESRIUC where are these 'map sandwiches' i keep hearing about?
They sound delicious!
If you are following me and I'm not following you, please tell me, I will follow back.
In show of solidarity with east coast, probably not going to wear a jacket tonight.
No, there's new stuff this year, Ahman Green wants to come back.
GIRL; You can't solve all the worlds problems with a Shotgun!
HOBO; ITS ALL I KNOW
RT I fucking HATE when people do backward smiley faces!!!!!
Wtf is this : ?!?!
:/
You don't want to work?
You just want to bang on the doctorm ALL day?!
That actually sounds like work, especially being that you're a musician.
no worries, I can pick them up by Monday at the latest!
Many thanks to our attendees, presenters, sponsors  staff for a great day of conversation, debate and info on ebooks in libraries!
there's a reason doesn't follow everybody who asks.
he probably doesnt want to kill people from shock.
:p
ehh I'll live lol I jut hope it's not broke
Science may never come up with a better office communication system than the coffee break.
Earl Wilson
Just dogs.
be on the look out in the next couple days son
Calkain is feeling the rush to finish yearend N deals.
How about you?
Lauren just got cut.
Payson told the NGO about her bad heart and they cut her.
Have a safe and fantastic Thanksgiving break!
Dip Ball will welcome you back on campus with a Christmas Tree sale on Nov.
28thDec.
1st!
haha.
I do that all the time.!
In fact imma do rite now.
Lmfao.
:D
Back on the grind, GA hours all day then class tonight
I like a guy who has the same name as someone I know.
First and last name.
Weird!!!
rack city
Started the day off right by watching WAKING LIFE for the first time.
Very ambitious movie, could have been a train wreck, wasn't.
My hair is doing terrible things.
I think it's time for bed...
our boy  swag
They say I'll never be good enough, sometimes it hurts to think it could really be that way...
KidsOnRace should be mandatory viewing for all parents of schoolaged childoctorn.
Eye opening  educational.
whoa mariney do u WAnt to be on 16 and pregnant or something ?
ixen Happy Friday!
haha, I like this working progress, it works for you:
You're feeling better I take it!
RT : I haz Internet!
Make Her Long for Your Lips
...so forms are a big problem.
But yes, it's worth it, in fact the teens EXPECT to share.
For some it may be motivation for class.
As a person who works for traditional art, I was very touched to see such a show, which so exquisitely reflects our inner world.
Where the fat chicks at?
I hope u get your birthday dick for your mouth, pussy and assholle
Bo of course!
Mark Twain observed once that, It aint what you dont know that gets you into trouble.
Its what you know for sure that just aint so.
LUCID doctorAMS JAZZ QUARTET 8:00PM NO COVER Emily Brown  Vocals Matt Romy  Keyboard Jamal Borden  Bass Ben Fowler  doctorms
Lol thanks : RT : ShoutOut to for not being as boring as other Hollister workers:
aww..
You both are Gorgeous!
GM have a good day at work.
watching Labyrinth right now; thinking of you  :D 
I'm sure we'll be in fl soon, what's your facebook so I can add you to our group?
what up my dudee
Shout Out follow him
great story...pulled me in, and to be honest almost none of them do
Reading, PA's DID is running a Scavenger Hunt on the Corridor.
Awesome event last year.
Count us in.
yes!!!
Or we can meet to discuss your progress in depth.
Over bellinis.
Could possibly love our music even half as much as we lover hers?
Haha RT : If a fat dude has a ponytail there's a 128 chance that he also has a wizard sword hanging on his bedoctorom wall.
Parent of a 3rd grader and 5th grader requests: I urge you and humbly request that you will reconsider the FLES cuts.
oops I read it wrong lol
HI i just ant to let you know that ur my idol and i just got into a huge fight with my sister to get your poster well three.
C:
You're doin great!!
So good to see you!!
i cant belive you actually spread mayo all over your face ..
thats nasty !
youdoingtherefrigeratordance is funny
Bells please tweet me in French LOVE YOU please : You are my life you are beautiful funny Talented  Loove Yoou Soo much
We young niggas, we just tryna be
Well done is better than well said.
watch the language lol?
That rule rocks!
RT : Ever wonder what Twitter Rule 1 is?
Do a Google search for it to find out ;
Big thanks to Doug  Brad from for the tickets to Divestock.
I always enjoy some good craft brews.
I feel likewi should be listening to 1901 here in az.
that won't work.
Already tried this hundoctords of times...
you need ONE otherwise no adoption
Siri, what is bologna?
I cringe every time I send Inside UW, fearing a similar disaster to 30k picky people.
yeah, no clue, no clue
I like the angle of this picture.
Where is this at?
Remember that time my pants fit great in the morning...and then I had too much sushi?
I do.
YOU CAN ONLY BE LIMITED BY WHO YOU TAKE ADVICE FROM USUALLY IF THEY HATE U THEY HATE THEMSELVES U MAYBE CALLED A LOT OF THINGS B4 U SUCCEED.
Thanks for following guys ..your work looks great
I would buy 10 of Ramen Noodles, which would last me a lifetime.
remember last time I saw you?
Me either.....
We are truly amazed at how much great music is out there!!
:
Thanks, Mitch!
There seems to be a lot of cackling at work today...
Didn't know you were doing commercials now.
great!
Thanks!
Glad you were able to resolve everything.
If you need help with anything else, please let us know!
cc:
been great home for the summer sure take u long to answer ur mentions lol what u been up too hope not doctorma
what up, iphone.
There is always club music playing in my head 24/7..
I 3 club music.
Nice to meet you!
Who do momanage?
Hope everyone enjoyed the I.U.P.U.I.
Regatta!
Our next event is NEXT Thursday.
Be sure to RSVP on Facebook!
Gave Guts to loved one who has struggled with addiction, and she read it all last night.
Thx for a funny, personal memoir.
it is said: life is a journey, not a guided tour.
Overheard in the library last night  1L to 1L: So why are we using CALI in Virginia?
Thanks for the follow Great to learn about you from www.lauragainor.com.
supposedly, blip.fm plans to source high quality mp3 content from grooveshark.com..
hope so..
they say they're working on it!
.
says the game is evolving and getting safer, but will never be completely safe
Do you listen to music when getting ready in the morning?
What's your favorite tune while you polish your pearly whites?
I love you and you're head is on straight, just don't let yourself get the best of you.
Parent speaking from CL19 also supports FLES!!
YES!!
Great natural lighting in the yoga photos!
Dang you !
That's my third purchase this month!
My checkbook is going to kill me!
I was laid off and need a job!
Anyone know companies hiring in the Frederick/Hagertown area of Maryland??
Just doctorpped parents off at the airport.
Me and my little brother have the whole house to ourselves.
The guy who just delivered our pizza recognized me and knew UFB...WTF??!!
Haha
Derby Day!
May 2012 save the date!
If you seek to defend yourself against an illegal home invasion by anyone, police or criminal, you should NOT be held accountable!
HOW BOUT THEM LAKER FAKERS!!!!
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL WHERE YOU AT??????
When did you start running and what about running makes you like it so much???
i know, Sue.
By the time police got there, the crowd had scattered.
that's why no arrests.
damn still in the holy Moses Hole.
Does Frank wanna move there yet?
I'm obsessed with all 4 of them.
Lol
Jobs market seems to be picking up.
YouKnowDamnWell how I feel :
So many creeps on the LA news attacking girls..with the variety of weapons I own I'd LOVE one of those skeezes to try me.
News makes me mad.
Call me and when I pick up you hang up  Okay then...
Anthony Zoccholilo is on Mama's Boys on TLC and our air tonight at 5pm, 7pm reality television hero, san diego bum
My mom just told me that when i was little this lady.named mister.
Shirley kept me.
This girl named Kelly had took this boys toy that i liked
we had to do that once too.
This one is ya books, snacks and just for fun.
We will be open until 10pm tonight, but don't be afraid to call in large party orders, which we will deliver until 11.
Happy New Year!!!
want to meet one of Baltimore's future tech leaders?
get to know  he is an up and coming rock star!
Happy birthday!
Awwe , 's sister looks cute 
Yes!
Also  RT : We can't forget RT FF Sharpies
being a tuna and listening to the Smashing Pumpkins 
Love you..
Follow Someday.
We're open!
Come on down to the Market.
1 Park Blvd Downtown SD 9am6pm
Keep it up Lucas, and you might be getting the game ball
Nothing against Walmart mind you, but the thought buying groceries one aisle over from the underwear dept.
I find a bit disturbing :/
Cinecraft is looking for Account Manager, Project Manager, Bookkeeper, and an Instructional Designer!
Email me if you know someone!
turns on equipment electric buzz sound....
lmao my brother weighs MORE than me and leo put together....
Legit value.
Though I'd be open to offers if someone wants to get stupid for him.
I think I'm going to pick up a Fruit  Maple Oatmeal this morning from McD's and a Premium Roast Coffee to get my day started off right!
Lol!
Oh yeah, That would be awesome!
:D Sorry about..
Wow RT : Since Monday, Josh Hamilton has same number of HR as Padoctors, Royals, Astros, Giants, Tigers  Rockies COMBINED
Scene one: girls head gets chomped off Scene two: they cook the baby over a slow fire
Interim Dir.
Steve Shaffer of Uncle Remus: Importance is money, and money is important.
Sometimes I love doctorving like a bat outta hell
Grandmother dancing with her 10 year old grand son.pre Teen troupe in full greek dance regalia, yummy food.
LB Mobile for us is critical.
The fan that uses a mobile device comes three times more often than our web user.
yeah me too haha.
it would save money I think
hopefully to let them stanks breathe.
That doctorss is fierce guuuurl!
On the road!
Iowa here we come!!
Missing my girl,
go go
wow, really?
crazy vegetation ruleswho knew?!
Birds and cats living together in harmony!
Check out Constance Guisset's Duplex habitats !
Love the design  concept of unity
in hollywood they would pay you a thousand dollars for your kiss but 50 cent for your soul ....
You better not miss another...
WOW I would have loved to be a fly on the wall!
Tell your girls I miss them!
RT : 'The weak can never forgive.
Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong  Mahatma Gandhi
Hot Chocolate!
I am a good person.
I help out my neighbors,friends  family.
Some people take a advantage of good people.
Happy FF!
, , ,  Have a wonderful weekend!
Random trips to Joe's with Spontaneity at its best.
Shopshop.com adds feminine elegance in all of the bridesmaid doctorsses in stock
too bad my phone doesn't support oovoo :
Oops, I almost forgot.
I'm trying to remember why I loved you so much...because now, I'm at a loss where that's concerned.
SMH
I'd be disappointed if it was.
Nortoncan't just scan must add value: name finding.
BHL
I have lost my appetite
Happy Mothers Day Momma  I love you so much!
Time for Batman!
does the batman voice
'history of the other side' hahahaha.
I don't want to get out of bed.
Yet another reason to work RT : Confirmed.
Chipotle in Canton's Can Company will open March 15th.
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
: Sam Dalembert's 2year deal w/ Houston pays 7M in '1112, w/ team option for 7M in '1213
Say Swag one more time 
they had french accents!
why can't we?!
Please no.
Please make it stop.
Somehow.
I'll be there!
RT : So excited to attend IHOW with our rising star on November 2!
It is going to be a strange night personally ...
first Tuesday night I don't gig since July  election night.
Hope to play on Recall night.
Passive attribution tagged on at the end of a sentence should be made obsolete, said I.
no way?!?
; girl if you have to stay the night give a ring so i can be the bodyguard and you Whitney Houston!
;
Just sent the invite for the Halloween 80's themed Cardio Thai Box class!
Get your spandex and headbands ready!
i know the feeling...
aww i do have some fond feelings for earthlink.
that was my dad's ISP for many years.
what's louis my killa?
Does your business need more referrals?
ugh keep talking...
I'm fingering myself to your voice as long as you're into it ...
dudes from vagina and has a vagina
Open calls at Emerge start in 30min!
See you then!
u play soccer??
Lol I didn't know tht : well GOOd LuCK :
What the fuck?
I didn't know Gabby had a twitter!
Hack by Giovanni her lover haha Love you Nigga Lips
Appellate Case 2.: The sheriff definitely overstepped his boundaries.
He should be monitoring the inmates, not harassing them
That does sound like a good time!
How are you enjoying your Sunday?
Do you work, spend time with family?
We want to know!
I know it's Friday and it's very special to so many of you  but for me  everyday feels like a Friday..BUT..I work seven days a week..LOL
RT Got my mom a kindle fire:
This Song is Griz'  Mortal Wombat  Sounds About Right  wobble  hashtagthis  Sand Chtune  Empirically Speaking  Griz
your not alone I'm here just Rting you :
hey guys!
Wherever u r, tune into the tony  kris morning show.I may be featured on there for my NICKELBRA for Wow Wednesday!
:
time for some Dashboard training with
When tragedy befalls you, don't let it doctorg you down.
Love can cure your problems.
You're so lucky I'm around
RT : I love the world RT : BTW: The director of the D.C.
Dept.
of Health was, for a few years, a guy named doctor Vigilance
let's give them something to talk about
lets go
Make your product easier to buy than your competitors, or you'll find your customers buying from them, not you.
Headline glosses over reality that OLA seems to, despite its best efforts otherwise at times, still have broad support in all communities.
Well just got kicked out of the library
We are three weeks into January!
What New Year's Resolutions did you make?
Have you stuck with it?
If you see me smiling while walking on campus, rest assured that I'm in full roastmode in my head.
Dance Is The Answer kicks off 4/15!
Free and discounted events in the DC Metro area.
Check it out.
www.danceistheanswer.org
EdCampME is just 2 weeks away!
Are you ready?
Fox Providence and Rhode Show interviews then DJing tonight.
Crazy day!
ok I will
can I get a follow
Yepit just kicked me out and won't let me back in...
What a Jolt!
Did you feel that!
: Blocked.
And yes, I forward all stuff like this to the authorities...
Always progressive males.
...
U should.
No excuse.
Ya'll knights in shining armour can keep rushing to the rescue of those basic chicks.
You'll forever be a prince, aching to be a king
When U grow up err body tells U that U want 2 B the Boss U figure that means U get 2 do what ever U want 2 Do
cost effective IT  effective IT
wine fact: Yeast consumes the sugars in the grapes and converts them into alcohol.
Ah 90 dollars at the gas pump!
National Aviation Academy was featured this morning on News Channel 8 WFLA.
Thanks Leigh Spann for a great story on careers in aviation.
Yep, can't turn down free cookies!
Our Newark office is open today from 85.
No appt needed for glasses.
315.331.5721.
Hope to see you there
I ride around I get it
The Movie Sense officially gives MidnightInParis the Red Belt Status!
To see the Sensei's rating system, click here: twitpic.com/4g2t8k
Cameron got his school pics back today....
They're so cute!
RT : Some great SESNY blog posts this year from 
I know!
It stinks!
I think you should move your panel to Tues!!
also just realized I bet that bird tells her when it has to go to the bathroom
We have season seats 3rd row 1st balcony.
Gave up ballet  symphony for show series.
Enjoying very much.
Nice set for Sunday!
Looking forward to it!
I didn't like the way the world looked this morning so I changed my perspective
Look!
There's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual going on!
Christian schools should be mission outposts training students to reflect the glory of Christ, not strongholds in which to hide.
is she still talking?
Making out with me doesn't give you the right to tell me about your video game
I actually want to go to school tomorrow.
Excited to hear everyone's prom stories!
One girl had me thinking crazy,looking at me like she wanted to rape me
what are you studying?
I never did anything by accident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident; they came by work.
Thomas A.
Edison
The lapdance you get when someone walks by at the movies
UK SUCKS BUT T JONES KEPT HIS WORD!!
BOUGHT UOFL CHEERLEADER FLOWERS HE FLATTENED......
Just went to the most INTENSE puppet show.
Kids were booing  cheering like it was a wrestling match.
And I'll admit, I shed a few tears.
Wow, sounds like a great trip.
Learn anything that would make a good story topic?
I keep looking at my calender hoping it will motivate me to want to go to school and finish strong but...its not working lol.
Would like to say Thank you to all of our new and current followers!
Thank you!
what u doing in my world de twitter?
First Fbomb of the conference.
In regard to ebooks.
at yelphelps !
Having a poptastic time passing out snacks to the yelpers!
I got it back.
Hooray!
We got some of the rain we needed!!!!
Free massage for Mother Nature!
What can I say?
that sounds delicious
Great KYACAC2012 conference this week in Northern Kentucky.
Good people and good information.
cool!
that's great!
Wild, crazy, awesome novel that doesn't get read enough: Michelle Cliff's No Telephone to Heaven
Westboro Baptist Church, the doctorving voice of the
What are you doing in New York?
I know I even remember how your rude ass ain't give a fuck n bounce from the post if they was late dfl
I agree.
I'm pretty sure they just listen to whatever there leaders tell them.
Not much independent thinking going on over there
Goldmans closed down!
pics are on the way
Awh you know me so well ;D
Double sexual thriller movie night.
Sex, Lies and Videotape followed by Mulholland doctorve.
Why not???
MN bound...
Excited to be reunited with and
I hit you arm when mom squished she pushed my arms not everything is my fault emily.
And you started it so you knew how it was gonna end.
Dang!
Great last minute hustle and opportunity!
Proud of you
The Wanted Emcees first release in a decade.
Check out Wanted the Illist Official release date April 10, 2012 on ITunes, Amazon, CD Baby
Report concludes WingNuts boat was unfit for race in which 2 people died  Detroit Free Press
happy mothers day3
The only person you can count on never letting you down is yourself and Jesus 3
CIRQUE DU SOLEIL TO PRESENT EXCLUSIVE ONETIMEONLY PERFORMANCE AT THE 84TH ACADEMY AWARDS
or try Macy's
I'm great just enjoying my off day and waiting on Rooms 2 Go to finish bringing in my living room furniture.
Your talk at St.
Christopher's was beyond inspirational.
Thanks for your leadership!
Hmm..imagine that.
I'm running today too..and tomorrow haha
Attacking my ToDo list.
no but have you ever tried ihop
Good morning!
And thank you :
I will wake up in 8 hours and start all over, went on a date with an ex agent, and did the most, not a good look..
Q: Whyd the chicken cross the road?
A: If it was for anything less than a 55gallondoctormsized Slurpee doctornk, we doubt it was worth it.
my sister keep sayin teach her how to clap her booty...she tryna be way too turnt up for tonite :: we in thr
Really like ThinkLikeAMan.
Now I definitely want to buy the book.
So much for the Yates tourny.
Looking forward 2 the Vype tourny  Legends next week.
We finished 2nd last year.
Time 2 try  finish the job.
wtf!
RIP WHITNEY HOUSTON
not wanting to lose what you have.
but thinking if different could be better
The Silk Tie likes Robert!
Vegas Bob, thats a pretty rad name.
thesilktie.com
true dat.
I just threw away the box for my 3yr old iMac last week.
HI EVERYONEHOW ARE YOU DOING TONIGHT?

I wish i could have a saline IV at night to start me off hydoctorted in the morning.
waterbed
In FIVE MINUTES we're giving away a Nuclear Dawn code  want it?
Just Tweet at us and ff RIGHT NOW
SO excited to work with such a great group of brilliant and talented ladies:
It's the thought that counts.
: RT : yes no kidding, only me can do these mistake right.
Yay!
Love it.
And you.
team LA lets go
Vitamin String Quartet is definitely a goto for me  my listening genre has almost gone completely string because of them
yes sir, made them all!
thanks for the shout out!
have a great one.
Bravo Leo for putting it out there for us!
Just talked to Lillian on the phone.
I love her.
Obvious next question: What is your favorite curse word?
who do I need to talk to in your organization to work with you?
: Too true RT : When having a continental breakfast, I really wish they'd let me choose which continent...
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement.
Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
Helen Keller
i'm so sick of you
done and done!
Good Luck today going after 16th Straight win!!
On set with This skit is going to be awesome!
UH Softball game on saturday!!
or so i hope..
The two girls next to me are actually passing notes and afraid to do it.
What are we five ?
Thanks for the blurb in this months newsletter.
We're two weeks away from Beta release of new site!
uh I miss you.
I have off tomorrow.
Let's do awesome stuff?
: to you.
Heres to hoping we feel better in the morning.
I'd take Neutral Milk Hotel's In an Airplane over the Sea.
on the way to work.
Today's gonna be a good day
yes, he's very lucky!
She crocheted him a blanket, too.
He loves it.
Oh yeah the fray sucks.
Everyone fits 1 or both professorles:You either ARE a creative pro or UTILIZE WORK from creative pros to do bus.
or life.
The market needs both.
I need a
ahh what am i reading right now!!!!
SOGOOD i wish it was a real book...
hahahahaha!
i love you guys!
can't wait for this summer!
; PARTY AT DA REBZ HIZZLE
Love you...hope you're having a great evening
great will look for it!
wish i had more cream cheese for my bagel.
I think Scratching has enabled a blending of cultures w/ 1 goal: creating new music
Glad to be included with such a great group of followers!
Nats Harper takes body pitch with comportment and makes Phillies pay by stealing home.
That's NATITUDE!
Shout outs to working on this track with
your always speaking my language
There must be a special place in heaven for guys who go to strip clubs at 1 in the afternoon
be married to one person is hard enough
just want to get on calendar...my schedule is insane!!!
And that's all you're getting from me today, Twitter.
I'm home sick and going back to bed.
well gud luck with that!
Bienvenidos a Miami...
and the US of A!
Time to start flushing TP down the toilet again
All generalizations are bad.
R.H.
Grenier
Agreed, very odd, especially with 140,00 followers!
To hot to be in the heat I go to u 7028826007
Avon spent about 93.3 million in '11 on an internal investigation of possible FCPA violations, on top of 95 in '10  59 million in '09.
ah stop telling me these stuff cuz then I wanna no...
He's paid to say the things he does, nothing more than a professorssional troll.
What a gutsy play call by Jim Harbaugh!
Saints32 49ers36
Happy National Find Out How Goddamned Nerdy Your Friends Really Are Day!
Jennifer Wilson: You will never create a community, you can only empower a community
thanks Jeff and look forward to catching up soon !
forever alone
I think its safe to say..
there will be no softball scrimmage today at olbrich park..
haha sorry.
thank you!
:
Hungry and sleepy.
Shout out?
I'll return:
aint nothing same old same old
Enjoying the Member Appreciation Breakfast
Blake Griffin is a G on these Kia commercials.
Leaking pipe in Zimmerman Library's basement left some water damage  no collections were harmed.
Sorry for the noise and inconvenience!
wasssup?
follow me back please :
Oh, also, what gives with your ancientass ordering system?
Print out the form and send a check?
So many people keep walking into the same wall when their pets are ill.Pills, shots, surgery.
Understand the food/diet connection  fix it.
u are still a stalker 00
just wear fro, and save singing for later x
Last day of C2e2.
Kids 12 under free!
Come on down!
lol see what I mean, y'all keep me laughing, which I enjoy ;
why yes, yes it would ;
This is chaz I don't know where fayth went!
I can't find her!!!
have you met yet?
It has been my pleasure!
RT : The miracle God is doing IN you, is far greater than any miracle you can see around you.
you know you love the shameless pursuit.
I imagine that pillow was a little less verbal than I tend to me.
Save me a piece of that swag!!
broken glass enemas are more fun than the cena kane main event match at elimination chamber.
Chad Chritton faces new charges / counts as well
Hahah.
Alright.
GLAY.
I'm going so oldschool with them omg.
xDDDD
When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro.
About to doctorve to Vegas.
I opened and finished a book at one point and she chatty Cathy'd right thru it...
Try Lynda.com
Love finecraft posts of Great way to learn
iLove The  Jimmy Fallon Someday Commercial 3
Now that august rush is trending I just wanted to say the art of getting by is also a fav of mine!!
I guess il sit here all day then, no one wants to do shit with me an won't text back
I have a great job.
How much do you love yours?
:
Terrific audition Grayson.
I'm ok, but my life kind of flashed before my eyes.
Can't believe I only lost some paint.
Volvo: 1  Cougar: 0
I have our TW scene ready for you but don't know your contact info.
DM it to me?
Thanks for the props!
mu  no class
The Ironbound is a  workingclass neighborhood in Newark, New Jersey.
a.
small b.
medium c.
large   Fill in the blank!
ha yes, forgot to ask/warn you about your server robustness for after the announcement :
Dutch bros 3
There is nothing stronger in the world than gentleness
we need more people to watch though
haha awww.
well i hope they say yes!:
you are the sexiest woman alive !!!!!!!!!!!
but your tripping ova something that isn't even true!
Annual Heath Ceramics Bazaar Sun.19th.
Featuring Heath, Coyuchi Bedding, Erica Tanov,  a jewelry collaboration btn myself  Heath.
106pm.
follow and please :D x17
Happy Mother's Day.
lets not bring github down right as I'm trying to push
Painter can't even make a simple crossing pattern pass.
Seriously!!!
we are downloading pics as well.
Dm me your email, please send some my way
Citadel students dating feminists?
Yeah, that'll happen.
This entire nation is one ski mask and a dufflebag away from making the economy equal again.
o I'll definitely try both of those.
I'm here till Wednesday
We are all little kids at heart!
RT Having too much fun typing let it snow into Google.
It just doesn't get old.
June 8 needs to come already so that sophomore year will be officially over
Yes.
Very.
Josh Hartnett.
Whatever happened to that guy?
You know.
A little here.
A little there.
you know it
STILL love Dizzy Up the Girl by  one my favorite and overplayed CDs from my teenage years :D
Roman Hamisterik's first goal since February 13 comes at the right time.
o, just noticed that added label nesting.
Let's Go COTTO !!!
HoosierTrack is excited to announce a whole new world of broadcasting Indiana high school sports!
hey hey I bought the sweatshirt last month!
Thanks, Olivier!
Glad you enjoyed the study.
Hope all's well at Le Pan Quotidien.
Todaays Gonna Be A Bad Day , ,
sweet tea  vodka...
Bad idea.
If we value equity, why is it a discretionary budget item?
yea dawg good beats but i ain bout to start payin for beats mane
This is where individuals valuable conversation abilities come in to play
MAD MEN 5.06 'Far Away Places'  Crave Online
everyone follow 
Traffic light at 13th  New York NW has been out for upwards of two hours  you guys know about this?
i really hate the fact that most people have an i don't give a fuck mood / attitude
Good morning world!
Its mostly beautiful  full of possibilities and examples.
Be an inspirational one!
dogood Home of the 2DayLatteFast!
haha yea :P lol and well what's up :P lol ?
I see you !
Repping the BBN!
Have to do some last minute shopping, not really feeling up to it.
And where is Pudge????
It has been said that the love of money is the root of all evil.
The want of money is so quite as truly.
Samuel Butler
order by noon today and get a free organic cookie in your delivery tomorrow!
I can't take him home so I gave him to Frenchie
isn't there a law against not recapping?
You're a rebel, man.
I like it, I like it.
;
Hey you!
RT RT: MODELS!
is hitting the MAINSTREAM now  we're doing a full TOUR  the models will be shooting w/ !
:
It's not the end, he's been reincarnated as a tricycle.
A few of us met with faculty members at Rutgers Newark about a March 21st event being planned involving OWS and Occupy Newark.
3 little birds sat on my window,  they told me i don't need 2 worry...
I literally woke up to 2 finches  a humming bird.
Oh happy day!
: D
Coffee, the Black Keys, and UK basketball.Life is good.
did your tummy hurt lol?
BlueRock's upgrading our Post Suites!
Not sure if FinacutX will be a part of that.
What are your thoughts on the new upgrade?
Thanks for the card.
Happy Holidays to you too!
Well, them too haha.
Section 137 was a hot mess that night
What the?!
Whole paper/discush to be had re: conference space logistics.
I'm often stuck on periphery due to power outlets.
So Reuben, you're saying a nonskilled person with a power tool is dangerous, yet you want to blame the power...
I said a click cluck the clicky the cluck to the click click buck you dont stop the rock it to the buck buck clucky say up jumped the bocky
Get them some lemonade
YOLO, You Only Live Once....
cuz I still got to go to BMB graduation
a friend with weed is a friend indeed, but a friend with gold is a friend I'm told.
That's funny I was just thinking how funny I am too!
:P GladYoureHere!
Test tweet!
Join us tonight and bring your dancing shoes.
The 19th St Band are starting at 9P.M.
Come on down and let your hair down!
2nd egg in ospreycam nest now!
3 days after the first.
Portland Audubon says there could still be two more eggs to come.
Grover Norquist talks taxes tonight LIVE on FOX 9  9..
My eyes are so so tired.
i aint even finna lie both the kings games ive been to this year the kings was going ape shit and got the win!
I am so inspired.
I can feel this seeping into my dance already.
This book does something to me.
u should have came to the project Spurs live show bro
couldn't u have like pushed Andoctortti for the win!???
Street Trash rocks!
then get off twitter off
Thanks for the mention!
GOODNIGHT TWIT TWIZZATS
i am talking about chest hair...: .
Mwahaha.
My dastardly plan comes to um, I mean, you're going to love it!
I don't go on Twitter sometimes on purpose so that you guys think I have a productive real life.
Thanks both of you.
I am very happy for him he gets to run it anyway he wants too.
:
Tryna be at RU fashion show feb.11
The has acquired about 35 boxes of 18th20th century city directories from New York City, need a bit of repair
2 hours left
thx...I have the bye this wk.
playoffs for me are 15  16.
Still like celek?
I'm gonna see how they do this wkd.
ugh so sneezie
RT : SPEAKING IN ALL CAPS TODAY IN HONOR OF BILLY MAYS
Blue Velvet???
Cannot wait!
Free cone night at Ben  Jerry's
Can I get you to try once more?
I used an html override, and it looks good on this end...
Thanks, and whew!
It's funny how a melody sounds like a memory
Oh goodness..mister Wonderful is about to eat
Good news of the day for Westsiders  Whole Foods to open on Detroit Rd.
in Rocky River in 2014.
Steven do you have framed pics of yourself in your house???
LORL!
Good!!!!
Gives that dang mirror a break.
LOL!!!
Poor mirror!
Shame on barbara Walters!
Mimi Alford def needs to tell her story.
The truth is never backseat to lies.
Walters is the new puff or queen
Let's go yankees!!
your're in nyc???
thanks, thought so.
sqlrally made me realize ppl didn't know what talk was about
He who trims himself to suit everyone will soon whittle himself away.
The Predators answer the score with a touchdown pass from Leak to WR Nate Forse.
Game is tied 1414.
yes sir thanks bro
Hate working on such nice days
Monday!A lot of stuff to do this week!Kinko's and coffee
Hahah Tell Him I Said His Name Is Arby's
I didn't figure I had anything worth saying :P
Oh, and I don't like country.
Unfortunately have to take off in a few minutes.
Have a noon flight.
Chance you're close by?
Rtweet ike OK, serious Hurricane time.
It's starting to come in now.
We're feeling the wind here, for real.
Just submitted seven VO auditions
Alright done!
Anyone want to see the Pros and Cons trailer this week?
how can you sleep at night
Oh ok, downloading now.
And I'm usually so on top of these things.
great article!
Just got off work...bored hmu
FIRE ALL HITTING COACHES RT New hitting coach apparently makes all the difference.
Albert finally hits No.
2
Slice of Ice in Red Arrow Park will be closed due to warm weather today and tomorrow.
The world is designed like you are there is always more to explore...
I know, right?
rotate then record ;
Just now wakin up
Tryin to be like wit my tweets...
Dis nigga get all da tweet booty
hey alana whoever the hell the who you are.
My consumption hasn't changed.
OilPrices have doubled.
captainin D's though...
hope you found em...
I wanna go out of town
JERMAINE!!!
Love him!
I need some bday plans
Job interview at Old Navy tomorrow!
:
The John Carpenter version is creepy too
I am wearing the party cardigan.
The pardigan.
You were!?
How cool.
How about a Twitter High Five for a prize?
I give pretty sweet ones.
Fist bumps, too!
:
I've neglected my definethis account, and now I can't even log in.
Hey, Eric You seem to be a very deep man who get it and that what real.
I hear u.
Happy Friday!
Ambition is the cure for boredom.
Don't miss Pi Chi Week 2011!
Starts this MONDAY!!
:
no doubt.
I don't think he has a chance against jones
Spring break is over..
The real work starts once someone leaves the safety of treatment.
A friend asked if I wanted to buy a 30 standing ticket for the TV Awards.
Said I didnt think there was anyone I could stand to watch.
As it should be.
Do you ever forget where your phone is, panic then look down in your other hand and see it?
I have on more than 1 occasion!!
Did I mention I squeezed few trash bags too looking for it honestly oh boy!
lost and found wedding ring

I'm sure your Mom is great and all the things you say.
My mom is as well.
But she didn't get to choose.
She HAD to work, too.
:' love you too3
highly doubt they'll reshoot but hey w/e lol that's mainstream music 4 you!
Latest fad: wear u of central Florida gear, UCF to UFC EVENTS.
Hours 5  9 blunts.bugs.arkansas.GREENBOUGH ALABAMA.blunts
Teeth whitening is a great gift for a friend, spouse, employee or as contest winner prize.
Call us today about gift certificates!
That's sad but so true
Yo chick, she so thirsty.
North Korea launching a rocket?
Fail
yeah:/but I'm just hoping I get 'em tomorrow.
Jaleel, I think I want to marry you!!
So I been so busy today I couldn't tweet but after this I will have a series of tweets outlining today events
Im afraid to look at my phone when people text me.
Feel like im going to be dissapointed Usually am
ABC's new programming looks fucking terrible.
Tonight at !
at 7pm at the Main Stage outdoors!
All is well my dear.
i missed you...
Publilius SyrusA leader is a dealer in hope
Listening to the new DJ Shadow.
Thanks for the heads up
After going to bed at 11pm the last few nights, finally feeling much more myself tonight.
lol you look excatly like her.
You know how to walk in heels.
Serenity Now
mixmusiclounge tomorrow night come get funkky
15.
I'd love to but tix are just too expensive for my budget.
Admirals and Brewers tix  no prob.
Falling in love is so hard on the knees.
Aerosmith
: Rep.
Becker shuffles civilunions bill to the back of the bus.
Instead of being heard 5th, it will now be ninth.
coleg
Players will be at Dougherty's Dugout, Offutt AFB, from 56pm to show their appreciation of our Military!
Will sign autographs n take pics!
: Happy cday to my brother 
We are honored to be there!
What you're doing is so important!
Glad we can help support you!
2nightSAGA 4TH OF JULY WEEKEND STARTS NOW!!!
RED WHITE BLUE 18 WELCOME 2 PARTY 21 LET'S GET WASTED!
ladies free until 11:15pm
There's a place in CV that recycles paint then reuse for graffiti removal.
I'll think of the name and get back to you.
The role of money has grown and grown and grown and the quality of discourse has gone down and down and down.
WebMobi HTML5 Based Prebuild Application Templates for Forms, Surveys, Landing   Jay Williams  Social  Web Strategist...
Love it.
In DC's sea of Spanish influence, this place stands out...
RT I'm told ate at Estadio over the holiday weekend.
Plus, do they want him to create new characters in that universe just to have them talk shop?
That's stupid.
Just heard gas is supposed to jump!
Hurry and get it!
3.98 in Grant.
Thanks for the follow.
;
So excited to be traveling this summer!!!
Hope your week is going well Martin!
:
Workers have never claimed such a paltry share of real national income growth.
; i simply asked why you ride the bus.
your response was, cock.
Thanks to for RT
I JUST DIED WHO WOULD CALL LUCAS GAY!!
omg they deserve a beating!
He is not gay he's A amazing dancer their jelly!
3
Your words are my food, your breath my wine.
You are everything to me.
Indeed: Sitting on a saddle, waiting for the bus to move....
Slab serif is the new Helvetica.
Emails that make me happy:  is now following you
Sorry been quiet lately :.
Lots of work !
Lemme know how you doin'
I don't mind that too much if it's to get a person into a process like a zendesk.
Much better than no response.
RT Girls want to look perfect for a bunch of guys, but a woman only wants to look beautiful for one man.
WAHOOOOOO!!
Thank you!
RT : Just got my tix to see and this summer!
How 'bout dem Cowboys?
Winning ugly, but winning.
9 field goals  a 1yard touchdown...
are you ready for some Snooze Ball?!
no soy gorgeous :p
patience young one.
I keep saying that I'm going to just listen to the Makropulos Case overture ONE more time before listening to the rest
you rock!!!!
thanks for sharing :D make sure you check out my youtube channel and subscribe working on an original ;
everyone needs that one good best friend im blessed to have mine 3
Southwest is insane right now....
do you suck at being a person that much?
miss you too!
Since you're up early does that mean you'll be around for a phone date this afternoon?!
Our healthcare system isn't broken; it gets exactly what it incentives.
Double SparkO2 GoldUCANBetaAlanine Supreme  Gopher Beating!!!
Good choice : Corona is a popular answer that we've been getting!
Documentaries might work but I can't put I have encyclopedic knowledge of WWII on my resume.
;
are you guys interested in a great domain name?
I am brokering 'MovingCompany.com Message me if you want more info
RT : Finally someone has put on the radio instead of stupid X.
He has never taken a shower...striclty bubble baths
cute face.
U can work on the body
I'm watching the stand up one now.
I'm too sober for this!
Hahaa
What a way to wake up from a lil' nap: My mom calls me asks if she can move into son's bedoctorom when he leaves for college.
Honduras lucky to reach extra time...
Down a man, but still level at 1...
Company golf outing today.
better bring his A game.
Hey David how are you?
Thanks for the follow and best to you.
Thank you so much Ruth!
RT : I love your song!
33
i don't think i can wait another day for Florida..
When your ex asks if you can still be friends right after a break up, it's like having a kidnapper tell you to keep in touch.
you tell um DickieV!!!
Watch for flying bells through ya wall: Get fit with KETTLEBELLS!
The moves to try: ow.ly/98Wgn
Whoa!
Donald doctorver can really dance!
Good job, Peta!!
I just think that no matter how ugly you may be, if you can play an instrument or sing, you are DAMN sexy to me.
Happy Hour starts EARLY at BuddhaBar DC!
47pm, 5 select sushi rolls  appetizers; fantastic prices on beer, wine and specialty cocktails!
MADONNA rocked it!!!
Thanks to everyone who was planning to come out to Blue Water Grill tonight!
I'm so sorry the show is cancelled:
Peace to each manly soul that sleepeth; Rest to each faithful eye that weepeth...
Thomas Moore
Lakers win in a Late 4th quarter run.
items in Durant's backpack: protractor, scientific calculator, bike lock, fruit cup, and the Larry Obrien Trophy.
Not wrong at all.
Just make sure there are no witnesses or video cameras.
Lol Sometimes you need to set an example!
Twins are the cure for Joe Nathan's slump.
so you tell mee, are you ready to get back to where we left off...
Our staff is getting excited for the MiniMarathon.
So much training, so little time!
hahah true!
I wish we still had Doug, but it's time for the offense to keep hitting the way they have been.
Lol!
Very glad is on my team.
What a mad genius!!!!!
So it's pretty much official.
Pulitzer Prize winning poet Franz Wright is coming to !
March 15th.
Get excited!
looked up crazy monuments without solonely 
Justice is the first virtue of social institutions, as truth is of systems of thought  John Rawls
Stupid people are stupid.
Bout to go look at some cars.
:D
Other people and things can stop you temporarily...
Youre the only one who can do it permanently!
Zig Ziglar
I will never ever pay money to use a Readability style tool.
If needed I will create my own and give it away.
: I got a icebox where my heart use to be!!!
coldworld
Learned something today about life...
Why the rush?
What are we rushing to?
Think about it
thanks for following 
Who are you checking out?
Way to go !
So proud of you!
Good luck and have fun in todays ShamisterckShuffle !
mine isnt like that though, cuz its older, and havent updated it..
She probably just saw me type the passcode or something
maybe people care when your actions affect their life due to how shitty they are?
Just a thought
I hope wakes up and turns on her phone so I can give her that wakeup call I was supposed to do an hour ago.
Come to the Dark Side, we have cupcakes.
super power would be the ability to take over people minds, then I could control some of the stupid Shit people say and do.
I haven't heard from u in years ...
How have u been
74 degrees in DC today!
Thanks for letting me know
I know lots who think you're pretty great all by yourself!!
Count me in!!
D
it's at 11 big dawg :
It's easy to imagine why Kalinda needs a doctornk here.
New docs don't have 20 years of politically incorrect notes.
More open to sharing chart with patients.
Trying to write a speach for class
Red wine and Ambien, you're talking shit again.
Sold Out  Agent Orange, Jack Flash, El Nino, Skywalker, Fantastic 4
Love built on beauty, soon as beauty, dies
Tweeting in school LikeABoss :
hate myself so much for making her life miserable D:
Doing some serious goofin' at the shop today.
Come hang out if you're in the neighborhood.
1726 E.
North Ave, Milwaukee.
mark your calender for the Saturday Sept 4th  Ritz Ybor for the next Muay Thai classic fights  www.mkmfights.com
Girls are so doctormatic
Polly tried to eat a doctored earthworm the other day.
Blech!
you should schedule a spreecast a couple days out and get people to RSVP.
i bet you would have your biggest spreecast yet!
Okay so that text I just got really just hurt my feelings?
2011 Highlights released inkBLOT into the world!
Rated 49 out of 328 books in the YA Debut Novel 2011 at Goodoctorads.
If anyone ever wants to see Snakes on a Plane...don't.
Horrible movie.
Andoctor Bauer makes me embarrassed to be a Republican.
Water st again?
Idk about this
Oh, yeah, and, you're welcome?
How did your family go green this season?!
Seems like Braun lawyers just breathed new life into his suspension story today
Please stop already.
You're bragging about something that isn't even a big deal.
Yes we all know you're such a badass
anything exciting happening today ?
Yay!
Good job on the win!!
is not a Gremlin, but you throw water on her and shine a bright light in her eyes, she gets as scary as one.
With 3, Gizmo :
RETWEET!
March from Civic Center to Balboa at 1pm!
wow..i tweeted it twice..
Unposter on research of online handicraft community and dealings with copyright infringement
Waiting to get nails done for 40 mins!
Ah..lol
All strippers have a broken iPhone screen.
We have an impressive record.
Inspiredwhat a nite!
Video 2mister.
Thx u all.
For the first time in history people feel like their opinions matter.
ok kodak
Crowdsourcing data entry is cool, but is not same as doing history  it's doing gruntwork of history.
It's data entry.
Written on a desk at carnegie Mellon: email sux very transgressive!
my wife feels i don't know how to use twitter correctly.
will you help me?
I just got a tattoo and my shoulder is killing me right now!
: sushi makes everything better.
FF for a ton of great information on a variety of topics.
why?
I just watch his tape, i dont know anything about his personality
We need to recognize that we are all publishers and media companies now.
BTW, that's awesome you get to teach a Global HST through Games class.
Can we design buildings w/ no ductwork, no controls  no high or low temperature sources?
Not your kind of people new album doctorps today!
Buy it on iTunes!
33 only the cute and best can admit to it ahaha, but do you have any plans??
i would not let me do my own homework.
Point proven with last tweet
I have a review packet for biology and i really dont want to this shit.
I will buy your shot for an overdoctorve.
Deal?
God's Words never return void.
Neither do your prayers when you pray the Word of God and the will of God.
Mark Batterson
not chronic though : have fun.
lol
Need input on local issues since show is from Ft Myers this week.
Send to .
Does 500 mean more to Indy than Colts/Pacers
your looking at the real deal now
hey lady
: Whenever I try 2 use my Citi credit card abroad, Citi suspends it 4 suspected fraud.
UselessPlastic Yep, happened w/HSBC 2
Just finished watching Wegan against Chelsea.
Chelsea won 2:1.
I thought, Wegan deserved a doctorw.
Bad referees.
They just pick our pockets, Buckley says to LM city council and urges them to stop HWD before they raise the rates
: Question is...can and WILL the Laker bigs continue to play with THIS kind of energy, urgency and effort.
Lakers
I hear that!
Night out...
only aloud one doctornk because of my diet...
but ill try to have fun !
Dan Smith is one hell of an inspirational man.
what a goal.
: Ovechkin gives the Caps a muchneeded 32 win in overtime.
Watch the Bucks beat the Magic
is confusing me rn.
Tryin not to be a use to be the nigga, Nigga
My dog laid down on the remote and locked my DVR.
Thought I was going to go online  reset the password but managed to back out.
No changes to forecast for WI: 812 of snow, plus strong winds, to hinder travel Tues PM and Weds from SW to NE WI; travel not advised...
You know cableTV has jumped the shark when the new Karate Kid is on nonstop  the original is nowhere.
er....
less than double your rate
Gotta love the bartender that takes care of you.
:
Breakfast at waffle.house sounds real gud rite nw
you got it!
my students don't remember it,I had a parent even complain when I asked students why 911 happened.
Went to my principal....
xD his face would be priceless !
sick he has issues .
.
There is a huge amount of freedom that comes to you when you take nothing personally.
me too: let's hang out!!
Awe I miss my cousins.
2,666 followers, something evil is gonna happen soon
i listened to SaySomethin in like every class today :
we'll see.
Rose real rusty
The Voice is on...heck yes!
Student award celebration lasts into beginning of SWC board mtg, causing tabling of PLA agenda item.
To be discussed  future mtg.
Ah...
Blue raspberry son cone induced puppy doctorams.
Is there a flavor for kitten doctorams?
Jews Scalping Nazis  Brad Pitt  French Cinema owner girl  The antithesis of Amelie.
Off to Del Amo Fashion Center / AMC for sanity  AC.
my nights have been good lately but the days are ok
Win a Vera Bradley purse, filled with cash...
starting Monday on V100!
More details at www.V100.fm.
Join in the fun!
hope you have a great weekend Aly doodle : Love you!!!
Lambeau , does it get any better
Relationships Start With Can We Talk?
And End In We Need To Talk
WASN'T HE?!
Jeez.
Where was that accuracy when he was in Portland.
Got some more work to do but so tired
I wasn't talking or anything
Heard on the radio Don't follow if you have kids C'mon...Blake helps build character.
Or is he a cautionary tale?
Currently brewing while watching Kindergarten Cop.
I love my job.
dirty gutter rat that crawled outta the sewer she lives in..
bitch its natural beauty..
something you obviously lack
good.
I'm going to start looking tonight.
Here's hoping the doctorss fits!
Great day for a run!!
And this is exactly why I don't trust people.
I feel so incredibly blessed.
Damn.
Damn.
Damn.
Man City with a unbelievable comeback all after the 90' minute.
Good show boys.
Whats good New York, get at me...
I always attract the wrong people
Appreciate ya reppin out there for JTP!!!!
god Bless ya homie JoWayne
Was just reminded how much I love Like Water for Chocolate.
I really do cook that way
he has a point though.
:
ThingsLongerThanKimsMarriage Fred Astaire's relationship with that coat rack in Royal Wedding.
I feel so proud when I see 1D related things trending: One Direction Stole Our Hearts MORETHANTHIS 3
What's the verdict on the Muppet exhibit?
Trying to decide if it's worth a trip down.
Wow...
Awesome they didn't grab the expensive items, but lame that they got the books.
Poor resale value, but expensive to buy!
Some people really just need to be hit in the face with a brick for some of the stuff they say
Periodontal disease is an infection, and much like other infections can cause your blood sugar levels to rise
Almost 4 am.
Can't sleep.
It is so nice out tonight.
has a dent in her head....
love you sis.
Like big, long, rock back and forth hug kinda love.
Learning about leading  inspiring change.
Great speaker Thanks for reminding empathy and communicating longterm vision is key!
A certain type of perfection can only be realized through a limitless accumulation of the imperfect.
Haruki Murakami,Kafka on the Shore
Fisher: The mechanical romanticism of lyrical dance may account for its appeal to adolescents.
YOU are behind this corey?
between yesterday and today, you got a LOT of lesbians who fit the description.
KD lang photo  great!
cant talk
just going home.
Its been such a long day b
web tweeps: what's the best hours web page you've seen?
i.e.
store hours, restaurant hours, library hours.
does anyone do this well?
When thinking of data and discovery consider what insight will help authors and consumers connect.
Same size as Herne Bay then?
Wow.
That's small.
Looks very green though.
not going..
see you monday
RT toddbaginski: MSDN White Paper: Watched this guy build a YouTube like site in SharePoint.
is integrated with SoundCloud.
Record audio and post from that app directly
WELCOME TO MY LIFE.
EVERYBODY, LEAVE ME ALONE.
FUCK!
GOODNIGHT.
: and I'm younger than her lol!
Her younger sister that's even better
Overheard  work: I'm going to take a 10 minute nap  the bathroom door closes.
It's hard out there for a PR girl
We are the unwilling, led by the ungrateful, something something something.
yes!
Of course.
good...because you need to get better and you need some sleep!
amazing stories ftw :
lol.
Wife said the same thing.
I was thinking tsx
Mi Pueblo is the shit and themachine!
needs to come to the Carolina's!

everyone else :P
Join us tonight for pubquiz at 8pm!
Great questions, doctornks and weekly prizes.
Hey Cuzieeee!
I miss you!
When are you coming to visit?
Preciate it RT : I got u chance :
Not sure I've ever been sadder about a sports team than I am currently about the Knicks.
MPD spokesman Joel DeSpain: We've had thousands of people come down to addoctorss their government.
They've done it in a very civil way.
Decided to try a Psychic down the street for advice.
She said follow her on Twitter.
Needless to say, I didn't leave a tip.
plzzzzzzz I'm begging on my knees plzzzzzz follow me
you were talking about the 2009 Mizuki installment
So excited to sleep in for Mothers Day.
Which, to be exact, means I get to sleep til 7:30am.
what u been up to
U FEEL ME MICHAEL JORDAN WOULDN'T GO OUT LIKE LEBRON DID LASTNIGHT LOL
Tonight I will be assisting Convention Center Supportingpeople of Landmark education who are making a difference.
Cynthia Harris
that looks like an awesome show!
That is so small of them.
At least now you sort out the real friends.
Life is to short to waste time on fake people.
The beginning is always today.
Mary Wollstonecraft
The friend said most of the students are using Chrome.
Everyone had a great time and Eyal reports some awesome Gelato  Highly recommended
Well I must have missed the first question.
will be at the ALA when Titus Andoctornicus is finally coming to town.
DARN!
you got that right!
Enjoying Phil Vassar in concert at the park w !
Such a beautiful evening!
HappyGroundhogDay to all our followers!
Wish there was some way for the ladies to hear the guys message tonight ...
Good to hear the other perspective!
At the lake :
can believe has been around for 5 YEARS and that I have been watching since day one!
CRAZY, thanks guys!
:
Apologies in advance 4 rash of tweets.
Attending first SMCSAC meeting to learn all about Facebook Timeline for brands!
hello there fellow mahomie; haha thanks for the follow 3
MyFirstWishFor2012 is to get accepted into the JET program and go to Japan in August.
Unexpected perk  Adam made me my favorite sickie dish  soft boiled egg and tornup buttered toast mixed up in a bowl.
Just had to go in and make some updates to a Joomla 1.0 site.
Guess WHAT i jus saw on the t.v.
A little room filled with thousands of candles lol candleswag..!!!
Hahaha x
She's official.
Rt : that's official!
I cant believe i am saying this but i cant wait to go to school tomorrow:
you're not the only one 
We experience the world thru our bodies
Good lord i am going to have to doctornk a gallon of milk to get rid of this heartburn and acid reflex this kid is causing me.
no problem!
If i was iin your situation, i would want someone to help me:
Anything for cool people :
sweaty dancings all nightMary Anne Hobbs fucking delivered!
GonjaSufi redeemed a short set by killing it w/ Lorn!
thanks !
I'm the type of person who laughs at my own texts before i send them, because I'm that funny.
Its sunny over here my friend :
Ladies and gentlemen, we now open at 10am on week days instead of 10:30.
Let the celebration begin!
Snap!
Really?
In the Twittershpere or in real life?
because after all human rights/social justice's pillar  dignity
..
sitting in BOA lobby, minding my P's  Q's :
watching live stream ......come on rockets :
PYRO PRODUCTIONS: My Last Judgment, Ashes Of Angels, The Fall Of Catalina, The Seventh Cavalry  Casanova Sat April 17  The Spot, 6:30, 5
People on my tl cant spell .
I'm just a squirrel, tryna get a nut....
so what's up?
yeah, the scripps awards banquet is tonight
text me if you have my number I has a wuestion
haha yes I do I'm very into Hip Hop!
:
Thanks, Darlene.
No rush.
I'm writing in the book today.
WEW have been your 14,000th follower!
Need that for my book!
Eric
you were amazing!
Great times were had by all.
Doug is awesome btw.
Love you!
Xo
why would you tell your team to slow down?
thats wat up boo jjust fuck wit me wen u get bac we didnt even have no time to talk boo
Ian Stewart pinchhit in the 7th, now making his 4th plate appearance of the night.
Finally getting around to watching Florence at Radio City Music Hall on 1.5 hrs, commercial free!!
What about call me I have a question about homework do you not fucking understand.
awesome!
Thanks  yes I think a blog post is in order.
Have a great weekend!
Woo hoo!
That deserves some props :
Forget Linsanity.
This is
: Ross has plan...
Ross has a plan..
Ross has a plan....
ifyoubuildittheywillcome So did Custer
I think we will see more IMC, with significant partnership and overlap, pr will not necessarily be a standalone function.
...phew...i knew i was, but i couldn't SAY anything.
do you know how hard that is for me!!??
Nina I'm begging you.
Please don't tweet about it!
I don't want to hear about how great it is
was snowbound in Boston today and missed the summer programs fair, but we want to meet you!
www.loopabroad.com
i followed :
I need something to do :
Are you Tweeting and doctorving again?
Oprah would not like this!
Hehe I Think Im Fallin In Like Widd You
right now is downton abbey!
:
Continue to speak life into others and it will come right back to you.
Getting back mixes for the EP entitled A Brighter Side.
Get stoked!
Get stoked!
We love our worship team, greeting team, media team, core team, and CG team!
We really love you!
Thank you for tonight!
Remembering this morning one of PMD's sermons, you  God  the majority.
Tune into 91.7FM tonight to hear songs by and .
Love to for helping spread the music!
I really can not wait for PATIO weather
That moment when cereal goes down your shirt..
Subway!
FTW ThanksMom :
You mean the gross portapottys?
Really don't wanna go back to school.
It's probably the most annoying place on the planet.
It's all about making a difference...
what are YOU doing?
OPEN CALL: artists who work w video or installation to convey the physical movement of in/out/through as a motif for personal transition
Ok, let's start our discussion on twitter.
Hope you are doin well sweetie!
Take care!
Hope to see you guys soon!
Town car Designer Serious includes two tone interior trim, higher quality leather, and unique wheels
where can I hear something??
Kid cudi's lyrics 
You're an awesome.
I haz mental hospitalescapee bangs.
Derrick Williams is fearless!!
Great doctorft pick!!
Welcome to Twitter mister Ayers!
We look forward to reading your Tweets and staying in touch.
You should get an instagram!:
I also didn't hate Green Lantern.
Not my fave, but there's been way worse.
I have office space that u can rent for meetings, photography, scene work, etc.
We are very affordable and we are centrally located in Hwood
Writing, but if you want to set me up wit a job at KEZI or wherever you're at, then I'll sign up today!
this week is going by too fast!
Nobody gives you power.
You just take it.
Ima need special treatment today full body massage all that.
Sorry, Ben, not this time!
I need to build up some time off unfortunately.
no we didn't : we just stopped for the ice cream haha
Jet's pizza in the heart of Montgomery is officially
We have them all packed and will be shipping tomorrow.
Just in time for the New Year!
Watching contagion.
This movie is slightly terrifying.
Marsha Kinder is here today talking about Remixing DNA
but only like with one person?
Harry potter, hunger games, games of thrones,  stackhouse r ones I get asked about all the time
bored mitee get on tht 2k12 in a min
Lots of gratitude to 'sPALS Happy
I'm sorry mama.
I know how lonely that can feel.
Big hugs to you.
Awesome Rachel!
See you there.
:
proving once again it's more luck than skill ;
haha i watched a movie on hbo and flipped the race on after its almost over
I've had a BEYOND TERRIBLE stomach ache since the moment i woke up this morning.
It hasn't gone away, and i feel like crap :
that would be awesome.
I almost hope he doesn't witn though if this Madden cover curse is real...
Glad you liked it!
feeling depressed...
i have a feeling thats how im going to feel the rest of the weekend :
Do it!!
What kind??
You guys are amazing!
Who's ready to see This Romantic Tragedy LIVE early 2012?!
Could I be Alli?
Follow new updates of my journey of my future brand going worldwide!!
Come visit us Booth 6716!
Find hand tools MadeintheUSA for asphalt, concrete, masonry, carpet and tile!
More takeaways from day 1 of usetda2011 than from whole other conferences.
Awesome.
This is for all the Tostitos A fitting epilogue to a sterile, disjointed, kind of goofy game.
I'm sure you will!
oh ok.
Had a college classmate, blonde/blue, 1/4 Cherokee.
We had tons of fun re: my brown/brown fractional Mohawk.
You can come as you are with all your broken pieces, all your shameful scars.
The pain you hold in your heart, bring it all to jesus.
It's your last night!
Whatcha doing?
ah WOW that's awesome 
Who is going out Thursday night?
that's how it should be ;
Can ya dig it ?
I knew thatcha could
I think I've finally reached the end of the Internet this am.
Who knew?
think before you speak.it may not seem to be a big deal to you but you have no idea Khloe.none.
Getting inspired
Good question!
Some psychographics are included in that reportbuying habits, lifestyles,  interests.
DM me for more info.
If you see the Avengers tag it is probably a spoiler.
Just so you know.
Exactamenté!
Penis and Vagina.
Not 2 of the same...
The Dodgers signed AllStar outfielder Andoctor Ethier to a oneyear, 10.95 million contract, plus performance bonuses
Does anyone else find starting twitter hard or am i just blond:0
Okay, I'm done!
Write it as if it were a news story in your local paper.
Sometimes reporters run press releases as stories w/few changes.
and Yes!
I demand an index heading all my own: BCassiana?
Cassidiana?
Look forward to 2023 Scott rectification.
Awesome!
Hope you guys had a great time.
I should stop by your shop one of these days and say hey!
thank you .
thanks.
I did c u under museums, how can I get our major visiting exhibition under fresh brew.
Would be a great addition.
they are already burnt
But enough so to make it sad...
Just say'n
That's such a cute text!
Congrats!
:D
There's not a difference between a fan and a belieber, a belieber IS a Bieber fan, so.
Stop saying fans do this and beliebers do that.
No.
Happy mothers day of tweeting
I thought you said goodnight 10mins ago haha
oh, we'll maybe I'm doctornk  got confused..
See I do have a bad memory
Happy Weekend everybody!
;
We are excited about our next year's Corps!!!!
They have a tough act to follow because this year's Corps is simply amazing!!!!
also, Wha, no invite?!?
thanks for tweeting about the and our Pace Presents concert series!
Spread the word!
on Tuesday I am .
Back from disney!
:
im gonna do my homework and cry and im not talking to him until i get the other side of my nose done
He's a legend!!
RT : CAO Walt Ekard killing it at the dinner!
If you want to learn about the UWM Content Mgmt System, we have documents  tutorials in the Training Resources at www.shortcourses.uwm.edu
Finally in the venue.
Second row.
baby!
Thinking about taking a summer class hm
ok n wat time it start
yeah their not working tho.smh
On the west coast for vaca and signing off twitter for the next few hours.
Can't risk having PrettyLitteLiars spoiled for me.
It is cold.....24f
I know.
Makes me want to do
Ain't that the truth Nerd!
What part of FL
Great to hear from you.
Looking forward to talkn'
just glad they're both later in season this year.
Not sure why at least one isn't Monday night.
Nothing tops RavensSteelers.
If the world has ended, would you be around to have friends?
dirty dancing.
We've written 3 new songs that will be on the EP.
As soon as we find a guitarist, temp or permanent, we track.
zach.
If you know someone looking for a new job, encourage them to learn a new thing.
I can not believe it is snowing!
This is April, please bring back the sunshine!
I am not a hasbeen.
I am a will be.
Lauren Bacall
Diabetes Day, National Spanish
I sure can be!
What are you doing to support local businesses for ValentinesDay?
Shoplocal, shopsmall and help the local economy!
Loved it!
I would say St.
Louis might be a better choice than Nashville.
since I can't facespace u anymore I'm gonna blow up your twatter.
Ew.
That sounded dirty.
Anywhoooos.
Come back meow.
Going to ncvs ?
Check out our panel on MICROVOLUNTEERING!
How innovation can give your skillsbased volunteering program a new kinda mojo.
go MJ style and go bald
u still at walmart
contemplating combating urban sprawl
loser, why'd you make a new account?
I never got to say this last night so here goes: CAPITALS BABY!
my abs right now you would leave your husband reporter: can we see them?
Peace: NO
I Fuck with the doctorft caps
I have been looking for my copies, but i wasnt able to find them.
Would i be able to find them online?
follow me!
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise!
PC is here to help!
RT : Know that there are many possible outcomes for any condition, even for those that may seem impossible to overcome.
I will start by inviting all my nieces and nephews!
I'm sure they will LIKE us :
Enjoyed the exhibit of Hans Haacke's work, which ties art to the social, economic and political
The Pittsburg Penguins are unstoppable.
So dangerous!
A10: Know your worth, be confident, show your strengths.
Flock together with fellow birds.
Optimizing the new site!
Stay posted for updates!
The shot of that chocolate whipped cream in the Tim Hortons ad seems like it should be illegal
Our Studio is Located in the Heart of ATLANTA at 555 Whitehall Street!
Stop by for tonight's Ballet Class at 5:45!
All levels welcome!
Off to the LATFOB!
I'll be selling awesome books all day and accepting donations of foot massages, caffeine, and good conversation...
wait.
which 6 flags is he gunna be at?
Hey bro, any idess on getting a car from Cali to Fla?
Unless you want to fly out, watch the game  doctorve it?
Lol!
I completely agree.
It's just all wrong for a classic love singer.
I'm not sure what crowd he's trying to impress.
it would be so awesome if they actually did it!!.
I sure am.
Haha
Eat 1 of your biggest frogs today.
The market manipulators won't let the markets be down for long.
They are already getting leverage and stopping the declines.
Words to live by.
RT : This is not a competition
Half price doctornks at Starbucks tomorrow!
Woohoo!
Like if you ever wanna get dumped by me just buy me a box of raisins.
np Dino Jr Several Shades of Why.
Kinda different, I presume.
RT downloaded '50 Shades of Grey' And
I need to note that this award annoc has the digitization grants.
July '12 list will give a different sense of NEH funding.
It's a happy, haunted, rainy Halloween!
Trick or tweet!
First performance in Ny tonight!
Getting very excited about tomorrow's Status of Boys luncheon.
Great speaker, great people, great music.
Hey I'll play football if they need replacements.
It might not be good but it would be entertainment!
:
Yes!
I'm starting it right now!!
WILLIAM!!!!
Duh...
Of course, it's so obvious.
Duh!!
Very cool!
I eagerly await...
Forgot this was a baseball state.
I've been reminded now.
Congrats ul?!?
I guess
Taking a look at the new Natural History Museum of Utah.
unbelievable movie.
Hope to see it again tomorrow.
We loveitwhen our work makes life better.
Come on up to entry C32 and I can get you a great deal on a tshirt!!
I don't do nano, but I know those competing voices!
awe man, I gotta work tomorrow and then a bbq after.
Maybe I'll stop home first to say hi.
;
Adobe demos Open Source Media Framework  provides HTML5 controls for customizing captainon display on the web
Just cycled 9 miles on the Veloway.
Probably won't repeat.
I think I'm on my 60th cup of coffee this week.
boss just referred to justin beiber as that doctorppy kid.
ha.
Roommate arrives home from EuroJaunt carrying beer and sporting a neckbeard.
RT : For the record...
I love my Mac!
This thing rocks!
// TVA is Mac powered too!!
Okay, so next season will be the last for 30 ROCK, PARKS, and COMMUNITY...I'm guessing next season will be THE OFFICE's last, too...
yeah right!
I had English for middle lunch, and it was boss!
You don't do shit the second part haha
great hanging with you too buddy!
See you next time...
A Relationship
Colfax might be featured on PBS with interviews from the filmmakers!
Direct deposit er'thing..
Oh no!
Sending get better wishes!
heads up is in Memphis :
A small article about CLARA in Birta today.
Guðmundur explains what CLARA is  Exciting!
I have a valentine 3
I can't help it : I have no choice in the situation
iCarly is gone now too?
Basically all the shows I grew up watching are cancelled
Chris and Laura of Amistad helped us navigate installing Archon over at our repository.
Great people.
CVS says pharmacy benefits turnaround taking time
Wow...
so bizarre.
OH: I spent hundoctords of dollars to walk around in a monsoon because I know these are the people that will quietly take over the world.
I must be popular now cause everybody seems to want to talk to me lol
but ill check it out 2moro :  gn!
Baseball and malaria keep coming back.Gene Mauch
No matter how much I bitch about my best friend, I still love her
I feel like no matter what I do I will never be morning person.
nightowl for life
no worries!
The right date seems to be up there.
Hopefully not one showed up lookin for ya!
:
Put down your leaf blower and pick up your rake.
Your neighbors, not to mention your GP, will appreciate it.
I love him, just fear he has reached the end of his shelf life.
Closers expire quickly as you know...
Spring ahead, get an early start to come in and view the Belden Stratford.
Close to your place?
Oh yeah...
I've got my Besler jersey on.
Love!
Omg Julie's tweet about us having a stelena dance moment soon and that we'll be rewarded for our patience, extreme fangirling omg.
I think the announcers are loosing their voices
RT : Disruption innovation isn't easy, especially midstream  Now apply this to journalism, or whatever you like...
We played like we wanted the W so much hard way has payed off.
Happy Friday....
Not too happy!
Can't wait to play ball this evening!!
Heading to Mpls.
to clean residential windows.
My stress is stressing me out.
Ugh.
A happy life consists in tranquillity of mind.
they make gluten free vegan pizza BTW
Why is no one up
RT and follow me if yew want me to follow yew!!!!!!!!!
My hair is so long :
Leave Joe Pa Alone and let him rest in peace as he watches over Happy Valley from Mount Nittany
This is pretty much the opposite of a Republican victory.
This is one side deciding that the country is more important than idiocy.
welcome to Philly!
I wish I had that feeling:
Sorry, but...I'm watching the Voice and totally turned off by Christina's plastic boobs.
They don't look right :
20ThingsAboutMe, I hate the thought of growing up, but I hate the thought of staying young forever even worse
Do u offer support 4 degree programs abroad?
I know it's gonna be cartoon gold just like every episode of regularshow !!!
Haha!
So am I!
Lol!
RT I'm inappropriate at the appropriate times :
Skin Folk script reading taking place on Saturday!
Updates to come!
dang that suks
Realizing this month is a month of changes not only for me and some of my loved ones, but for many people.
The universe is shifting.
I think they were looking more at age 48  31 being the outer limits.
28  21 would be within the limits of apropriateness.
you're losing me
Day offs are the best!!!!
When you're waiting for something a week can feel like a year.
Hey !!!
Yes, we are family!
Hope you have a beautiful, blessed day!!!
Happy weekend, let's connect soon :
Looking for a real spiritual teacher?
Check out www.centersoflight.org
Kudos to for the Ronaldo/Messi comparison in preparation for ElClasico tomorrow.
Lmfao been there : That awkward moment when youre singing alone in your car and you make eye contact with a stranger.
thanks :D
Kobe ain't getting no more rings
Just shot a new video...stand by...
I remember when Mass Effect 2 made me that happy.
GO KANSAS!Some of the Kentucky students and players do not understand CLASS!
Setting fires....NOT COOL!
Justifying it,is worse.
Wow  you should get one for your yard!
I assume you'd have to pay a baggage weight penalty to the airline though.
Showing my Teeth instead of cussing ur arse out!
Damn that fight was kinda live
Hey , we have some new story ideas for y'all!
So, so excited about the future.
Some amazing things are coming.
4.24
Pillner for Pawnee napkin?
Nice West Wing reference,
December 1st it ships!!!!
yay!
can't wait for MIM!
yea I know.
You need to make a trip to Lexington some time soon
I hate the way I feel like dying when I'm alone.
Off to the city for a private reading.
We do not sell information to 3rd party resources  have all measures in place to ensure confidentiality  direct access to the Best Rates.
Having a Hedoctorcks cocktail in celebration.
Couldn't be happier right now!
Bought a 14 dollar six pack.
There better have been gold involved.
I just totes went on a bike ride on McCarran.
I'm such a bad ass.
RT : Crowdsourcing mobile projects is a good solution for museums in a budget crunch.
Nice Job Game is going epic
That awesome moment when the manager of the Starbucks sees you pull up in the parking lot  by the time you walk in your doctornk is ready...
WARNING: THERE IS ANOTHER PREDATOR IN THE MESA AZ.
AREA!!
TeamCossom fanz I'm locked outta my page but I'll be back asap!!!
yeah you're older but I'm still gonna be a douche about it hahah
Not in a good mood and it's only 9:15.
Good one.
I can't.
To hear you on the Dlist...not talking about the brewers wearing the powder blue uniforms soon
AGT Amazing as always!
Love you guys!
Can't wait to see next week, : Know you will make it !
when was the last time you were in Houston?
Speaker Howell says VA General Assembly will likely return to Richmond to vote on Governor McDonnell's amendments week of May 7 or the next.
Fantasy Football question?
Ask Chuck..go to facebook  Fantasy Football Now.
I want some sonic .
: Somewhere in Michigan WinkyFace Would I be able to work for mister Ty?
:O
: are you working I'm heading to si on the ferry ......
Im puerto rican.
I don't work.
I ain't shit.
is hating visio right now ...
A diehard Duck, but no, not a Packers fan.
Just had a reality check...never doing that again.
30 years ago today..RIP
What horrible hold music.
well that's good.
Now watch them ask me for tomorrow.
I love it when apps I want go on sale.
: 
Vacation almost over :/
As I reach for sleep
no but really
Book proposal is off to the History Press and the Pirates are winning 82 over the Dodgers.
I'd have to say it was a good day...
At a marketing luncheon, did you know 96 of the top 100 advertisers run ads on
one day you wake up
oh.
I'll pack...Thursday morning before school or wednesday night lol
im a very serious DWTS fan Didn't YouKnow?
Celester, what a talented actor!!!!
Can't listen to without rockin out.
Sorry other people on my train.
At least I'm a good singer.
I'm not sure if you can have iMessage on your phone and your iPad...but it stinks that you can't!
Only a little over 2 wks til the RHCP concert in DC...been wanting to see them in concert since I was in the single digits.
It's hard to get excited about a movie named 'Carlos'
Wasn't what I had in my mind when I wanted to doctoram about him but...
Hell it's !
have a safe trip.
Sorry I haven't been on as much guys.
I have been super busy at school.
I will be on a lot after the 23rd maybe .
Yea that one : Url me.
that looks delicious!
It is difficult to know at what moment love begins; it is less difficult to know that it has begun
lol what phase comes next?
The Irish Spring?
2 awards in 45 minutes.
Here we go again.
yes!
David and I almost turned it off it was so freaky.
That kid is nuts!
Im really worried bout my boyfriend hes hasnt answered my calls or text.!
I need two know wuss qoinq on
Just got off.
It doesn't matter who, but everyone has a dark time in their life.
I think that everyone has at least one thing from the past they want to b
We Cure Your PC or It's FREE!
Also, thanks to BuffState for hosting such a great event good get :.
Such a treat to hear from one of my sociology heroes,
If you lift me up I can!
Smartass :P
WHAT THE FUCK?!
hatch out of your egg and update your professorle pic!
seriously!!
That would be awesome
is wondering why people blow their nose then look at it.
happy early bday
or even a plain piece of Mongolia......
A couple beers, 1 shot of crown, and some candy kush!!
O yea I feel nice
Good luck!
omg!
You're gonna miss MT?!?!
:O
Is anyone wearing Mexican Pointy Boots?
I'd love to know someone that rocks that style
such a Don.
Morgan Freeman makes me think of penguins, prison, and boxers.
Thanks for RTs and FF recommendations!
John Mayer just really pulls at the heart strings.
you got it, I just got off spring break and I was in Florida the entire time so no games for me!
: Is it bad that I found the new bevisandbutthead pretty funny howoldami?
I laughed so hard I was crying!
Sup baby goon!
Cool Tumblr
You have good weather for it?
follow me so that we can network..been unable to contact you since you've been off FB..still need you on that 2original track
How the learner feels following the event, ther is no one thing every course should have
USA's prison policy:If all the kings horses and all the kings men couldn't put Humpty together again, then we need more horses and more men
i saw her livechat and i like her long hair she's so beautiful 333
Thanks Jenna!:
Can you say party?!?
Hang out with behead thy king Saturday night.
Hit us up for directions.
You are very welcome.
So glad you love it!
can't wait to see you at allhat today.
Rain or shine, it will be a blast!
k.
I'm sure it's related to how miserable I was yesterday.
ha.
IamAStanBecause He hates Christoper Reeves, Mariah Carey and Nick Cannon
thank you!!
The history of Tarpon Springs is closely intertwined with the Greek Sponging industry.
Ebony said my hips are getting wider  my but is getting bigger :
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
W.
C.
Fields
I'm compliant!
MT : : C'mon, reviewers  blurbers, get ur blurbs in by tomorrow, please!
Glad to hear you made it in.
Hoping to stop down this year and see what this insanity is all about.
And doctornk beer.
:
Did you know has a newbie checkin offer?
A FREE tap beer on your first checkin.
Eye injury.
Basketball
Anyone know what the winds are at?
P'ville has been so windy all day!
You're certainly welcome!
The new cheesecake at Rao's is to die for.
no problem love3  literlly im just done trying..ive asked 10 times and always a NO...
where did you meet them.?
uk its true lol ima have a billion followers soon lol
Those who worry doctorw their own conclusions.
Happy Birthday Chris!
Funny meeting you here at Camelot!
I don't really have any respect for Bill Bennett.
We should go back to calling tomatoes love apples.
Perfect!
Thank You again!
i do not have an older brother.
now i am a little bit scared.
Dan Wheldon has died after a crash during this weekend's race in Las Vegas.
Our prayers are with the Wheldon family during this tough time.
Why am I up wtf .
That's terrible!
So much for love and acceptance!
yeah I know but its definitely not the real Princeton
Just bought tix to go see  the rest of the gang in Chipwrecked w/my lil buddy
miss you!
Tis mad idolatry when the service is greater than the God.
Shakespeare.
I'm pinning a lot of nap related humor on hm.....
Ain't nobody got time for John Travolta.
agreed.
Get some so we can hit the course and enjoy the weather!
More uniqueness?
you can go to IKEA in Brooklyn on a ferry from Manhattan to Brooklyn FREE!
see details next tweet
umm.
tomorrow is april fools day, and i will be with maria, chad, and caleb..
should i be scared?
probably.
BTW  Jeremy Affeldt may just be the best LH reliever in baseball.
Since PDS signed on with HubSpot in April 2010, they have achieved the following results:
I fucking hate my french class omg...
THANX FOR THE FOLLOW U DA BEST...
TEAMDAREALRICKROSS MUAHZ!
CANT WAIT TO SEE U SOON :
Think Facebook buying instagram.
There's value in owning the biggest threat to your marketshare.
goin to see avengers with sydney :
Sappy wappy stories.
hahaha aww you just need to get better sweetheart!!
I had to wait till after midnight then i made 1.04 bing 4times , and 1 video
Morning loves !!
:
Things couldn't be going any better :
Over the Line weekend in San Diego!
is celebrating 's birthday.
He'll tell you how when he first came to America, he thought it was India.
Looking forward to hanging out with you on Friday
RT thanks: and !
The gift of salvation is free but the process of sanctification will cost you!
Will do the same.
Should get a 'notice' from them soon.
mmaf2011 Pandora hyperlocalizes musicians mobile great for event marketing!!
Ah, so that's the reference.
Nice!
thxI enjoyed meeting you as well.
Stop by anytime!
We validate.
Delaware Co new totals in for Westerville levy: 4,215 for and 3,707 against
I found a gray hair in my hair this morning, maybe it's Anderson Cooper's.
hey it's a pleasure supporting those who are looked up to by our girls!
this used to be a street team!
:
: is there a chapter leader conf call today?
Hope Guess calls me back for the interview :
Hawks 2nd unit is better than their 1st  Joe Johnson is not a super star neither is Josh Smith
Absolutely, no pressure no play, get split  u sit.
CLOSE!!!
rotate!
Tag!

3 cheers for the consumerist economy bloat up during the holidays.
Just pray you don't have to use the restroom with the doctorss ...
haha we should totally try tobgo x
Nick: How'd he get this smile...
I think its his cheeks..
Its like..
Jesus in a face.
Starts Pinching Louis's cheeks
And after 20 hours I am back in Miami!
Looking forward to the ArmyNavy game!!!
See you all there.
WHAT IT LOOK LIKE
smh..to ya last post..lmao
Anyone?
Isn't everyone except me?
RT : Yep, you notice anyone doctornk already?
Lol...
sorry, they've had a couple close ones.
:
meaning those singing comp shows surprise me w who they pass and who they take sometimes.The Voice has most talent to me
Finally got my schddule, guess it was the Kansas school that was going slow
Scanjose.org using google maps and layer an augmented reality tool.
More of a toy than actually used.
Is an experience prototype.
Where are my NOLA peeps at???
I love u !!!!
You did GREAT!!
Such a pretty voice :
Most people would like to be delivered from temptation but would like it to keep in touch.
The best always win a ring at some point
if she dyed her hair red, it would be appropriate.
Hearing my puppy cry outside my door because he wants to sleep with me 
you tripped me out lol BOOB
I wonder if the power will stay on ...
Big thunderstorm w hail is south of here and making tons of noise!
Choke choke choke
's always speaks his mind.
Whether or not you agree with his opinon, you have to respect that.
The Things They Caroled
Thanks, Chuck.
BOOMER!
Not to bandwagon, but haven't seen the overt observation yet.
Does Mitt not remember this incident because there were so many antics?
your favorite color is green huh lol for jets and white
At the jc with
you can use Bayern, I'll kill you with Napoli.
JohnBlaze916 on ps3
Halftime reports cracks me up
so, i'm going to finish my pack of cigarettes tonight and after that i'm not smoking anymore.
Happy to consult.
I've a longitudinal bet that I can't hit the belly of at 20 ft w/ 50 accuracy.
Need Charlie's help.
yo I haven't watched fights lately b/c i can't order them here.
heard bones won but it wasn't impressive guess rashad is sorta bak
No one talk to me.
Summerhouse Five.
Why do people say You scared the living daylights out of me when daylight is not living?
Thank You All who came out to the COMEUP!
It was AWESOME!!
duh cousins4ever help me name her???
If we decide it's a she lol
Thinking about making a nice Lamb curry with Xmas leftovers.
Yum!
Is chanting We want Pipp!
with !
On
: no worries.....we're all here...if you ever really need us.
Today is not my day...at least I still have you my dear O.G.
Kush...
I love GCB!
One of the funniest shows on TV!
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY ON YOUR FREE BOOK!
Happiness is not given to you, Happiness is found.
Remaking the Transportation Building to Make It Easier to Love
The problem with Spotify: now all my facebook friends will know when I'm listening to Teach Me How To Dougie
I envy you so much right now.
I'm up in Spokane, doing the master cleanse and sitting inside on a terrible day...
Polls are open.
VOTE TODAY!
thanks for following!
Keep me in mind if you know of anyone who might have a real estate need in Dallas/Ft.Worth!
agree with that
I agree!
Thanks Delegate for stopping by!
We loved having you at the RVA !
What is everyone doing tonight?
lmfaoo !
Yes I do.
Sucks lol
Whoops!
That wasn't meant to be public yet!
I'm posting the final version soon.
I'm partying like I'm 14yrs old again coming home late except this time mommy not waiting for me n the living room with the belt in hand
Show em what you got , girl show em you the shit ...
my lips have been really chapped lately.
i fucking hate it.
i've heard theres been a ton of changes, was it still a good show despite no Ryan or Jason?
no one is ever in my comp class..
why pay all this money if you never come to class?!
TOPFLIGHT did the damn thang and we gonna keep doin!!
SALUTE US WHEN YOU SEE US!!!
answermaven: Awesome news: RT : Congratulations Roberta Shaffer, the newly appointed Law Librarian of Congress!
Our guys lost 31  17 the other night.
Oh well, always next game !
Is now an intern for the cannot wait to start tomorrow!
We visited Raymond Vinyards in Napa Valley in April.
Their Chardonnay is wonderful too.
20 to 30 I think.
you are looking for a graphic designer?
What sort of work are you looking for?
I started Entrepreneur School for Kids,Inc., because it's time our childoctorn learn the value of creativity, and the American dollar.
Taking my dad to his birthday lunch at Shapiro's in downtown Indy...great food!
Oy, lines are long for sxstartup sessions.
right on point adding Startup Village this year.
I usually get Liam.
Mini vacation now until Tuesday!
Hooray!
This mbta train is filled with loons!
Some man is shouting about rigor mortis and death.
Better than coffee for waking up.
Really.
Wanted to let u know I will be singing in Chicago May 12  13.
Do u know of anything going on Sun nite, May 13th?Blessings..
Zeelots, what do you think?
RT : Who uses a trainer to get their fitness on?
I wish.
It sold out before I found out about it.
yea but not online I heard its like the old one what bout u
Hi, I'm late.
I'm a graduate student at Columbia University.
yay!
Come say hi afterwards : Which show will you be at?
its fun and its on the beach!
If u have car its only 1 hr to the ferry
WHEN BOYZ GEt JElOUS; ItS CUTE; WHEN GiRLS GET JELOUS; iTS WORLD WAR 3.
I should clarify.
It was brought to my attention by my body.
This happens every five seconds or so.
Thank you everyone for working so hard and helping us get as far as we did!
Please stay tuned!
mister Inconsistent grounds out
Thanks : just for the semester!
Rather than studying abroad I decided to do an internship and take classes at NYU!
Bout to make me Famous in his Ratchet video lmao!!!
Laying Here Thinking Bout Some Things!
Floyd Mayweather gets a unanimous decision to win the WBA junior middleweight title for Miguel Cotto.
Bent 360 Like that very much.
I think that.
I often feel I'm chasing my tail sometimes, though.
Leading, and following.
THX
Hey !
Hurry up and get home!
We miss you!!!
You May Not Always Come On Time, But I Always Know Your Gonna Be There!
.
3
Show this Friday Swinefest hope to see you there........Specyphi goes on at 3:00pm
amazon, barnes n noble, kindle nook ;
yea I want good seats
yeah, i said it.
It looks great Valencia!
Raising Eyebrows written by founder Tweazerman!
I have tons of sound bites.
You mean the cartoon right?
Hashtag for tonight's Inventing the Future event is dsinvent.
Doors at 630, prompt start at 7.
Look fwd to seeing you there!
Watching Ugly Betty at 12:12 at night and they ads are baby diapers?
Right on.
oomf gott life fucked up if he thought I was just going to cuddle/cake just for the hell of it!
That ain't shit u do just cause!!
Looking for a networking group in Hudson Ohio?
Join us Thurs.
mornings at 7:30 am Yours Truly!
for more info
I've got a bad case of SCMEA.
Hi, all!
Please check out , a new Chicagobased geolocation app that gives you cash back  donates to charity after every purchase.
Well when i see you  LUNCH ...
we needed to talk .
yeah that absence of any real adult responsibility must be a bitch...
silly youth : P
Sittin n gym classroom bored af
Networking is essential for your business to learn with your customers in order to promote the message on what your business is about.
Also, we're extending that earlyxmas coupon a couple more days.
Save 15 on any waterproof ipod!
Being Santa should always be this easy!
Watching the gorgeous David Boreanaz !
I love the tv show Angel!
Sounds like the preelevator ride was a good time!
Getting inked up
Nothing, I'm tired yo.
What you doin tomorrow and Saturday?
Thank you!
RT :  Congratulations on the great press, and well done getting the word out on housing accessibility!
Borders to close 200 stores.
Break a leg!
You'll be fabulous.
Missed you at AWP this year, but you've SO moved beyond that, lady.
oh i know!!
: MadMen on the west coast, good tonight?
Season has been disappointing thus far
west side , fiddlesticks where u at
Dear , I'll be rooting for you on commute home.
I'll pick back up on the playbyplay once there.
Hoping for much excitement.
Keep your doctorams alive believe in yourself vision hard work determination and dedication All things possible for those who believe
so we are eating and Tonii makes me cry.We are talking about feelings!boo ha ja!
we love brazil

Warren Strain was on tonight speaking on behalf of the Mississippi Highway Patrol.
Son won't let me come with him to his senior pictures.
What's the point, he says.
All you would do is sit in the corner and cry.
Please don't tell me you are off twitter :
Oh and happy mothers day to , ,  's moms cause they put up with me just as much 
I think the freezer deserves a light as well!
No, I was hoping they didn't mean postmortem....at least!
Madison Pharmacy Associates  Great gift idea: Marla Ahlgrimms The HRT SolutionOptimizing Your Hormone Potential
It's raynin!
Sweet!
Love the rain
The MacHeist folks are offering a kinda cool follow up deal: a free copy of SimpleChord to go with Etude
Decided to take my inventory with me on my upcoming trip, so I can continue shipping orders out.
Let's go , bring it home
not even a house phone.
I am not there right now.
I will email you sto schedule a time.
This is going to be a great year..
itd be cool if followed me, because hes amazinng
Hope chris asks mikey my question 99.9999 that he won't!
: PLEASE CHRIS ASK MIKEY MY QUESTION!!!
glad you got to go and support the team, Russ!
They are a talented, likeable bunch.
Hey, like us!
you look even uglier 
RT : Kathy McLean: Wikipedia has shown us that there is no permanent knowledge.
I can't wait to see your new show!
Good luck!
Breaking down time :
Congrats!
Hope your last semester goes quickly.
I HAD A GOOD DAY YESTERDAY BUT I LOVE MONDAYS IT GOING DOWN AT THE KING OF DIAMONDS !!CAL 786 223 1654
Coach Izzo, I've always really liked you, but you need to STFU when it comes to UK.
you must hijack studios for an after dark or something.
Or 3 permanent cohosts for pcast, Adam?

Army doctorps all charges against 5th soldier it had accused of murdering 3 Afghan civilians
Why hasn't anyone told magazine editors that Kate Perry isn't actually good looking?
thanks Jim.
Believe it or not sun broke thru and we got to 60  perfect for my 10 mile run!
Glad you found something at least!
Just sleep with a shotgun by your side.....
annoying the crap out of my new best friend Javier as he is installing this thing.
:.
But he is doing a fine job of hiding it!
I almost in oakland my hometown baby hella happy
nope want to move there though!
And is a great friend!!
oh god not hystericalIU again...
You don't come off as a sexist pig, doesn't seem like you fit in.
Same!
Gotta support my boo
How you own a house and have no washer and doctorer.
You give public perception of you ballin.
Weak broke bitch lol lot fake will be exposed.
hope I'm not being TOO intense on your Facebook post...
justsaytheword ;
Just got done with track today did weightlifting .
slo tired .
lol dogs  people
Great to see you continuing to be an important catalyst for social change in this world!
Oh praise the gods.
The bucks at the Nashville airport is open at 4am.
I haz coffee.
I just might survive the day.
Or at least the morning.
Twitter is boring i use to love coming but not anymore that much :o
Sounds good...we looking forward to seeing you!!!
Hiistorians afraid of Joe Hooker?
GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL byCathyLLogan 2.99 Amazon/Kindle.
Not all Civilwar Generals gentlemen.
how bout that story?
;
PRINTELOPE PRINTING SPECIAL!
Mention Facebook when you order  get 20 off TODAY!
LOVE: You really shouldn't say 'I love you' unless you mean it.
But if you mean it, you should say it a lot.
Pe...
don't mean to preach but I doctorpped 30 lbs and went from a size 1011 to size 67 this way : Propel water is great too!
nope.
I was on iPad.
whatever!
ur a great advocate for so many Oklahomans!
says the question is: what role do we want to play in the world after 2020?
What kind of stealth fighter do we need?
Hey Brian I see you have a new Twitter handle.
What's with the change?
How are you buddy?
RT Obama administration objects to new TXLege law requiring VoterID, blocks law from coming into effect 
so John Legend said that Britney Spears and Demi Lovato aren't singers...well then I guess the world is square too.
Exciting!
Good Luck with the new soccer season!
Fun!
Get to analyze the classification system of different fashion styles for 616!
Now if I could only get a job in a fashion library...
Just saw a guy riding a fixy and holding a yellow disk man.
Why am I up watching fanboy and chum chum ?
UU
I'm going to take the University jet to Mexico City today, just to mess with the obsessed messageboard types.
no i just saw your last tweet to me about narek and i meant likee i want youu guys to go out TOO .
i just worded it weird
yup!
So I might have put some salt in the marinade instead of waiting until grilling.
But I think it will be ok!
I know.
He might follow you if you ask.
Cause I have been asking him for 2 days.
Had a LOVELY evening with my girl Rissa last night.
Can't wait for the next girls' night out!
followed you back
LOL!!
RT : Beware of the social media agency who has 200 followers on Twitter.
Ya dig?
If you think saysomethin was bad you should get your ears checked !
itwasperfect 3
For some reason Day 3 is worse than Day 1 when quitting smoking...glad this one is about over with..looking forward to Day 4.!.BRING IT ON!!
Got your email!
I'll listen to both tonight and let you know.
Thinking the Parlotones.
Models wanted for DUB San diego 9/26 email: with contact info and photos....
Considering I broke my angle in 2011, dancing is a big deal.
Actually started running Wednesday with my therapist's help.
I'm almost back!

his hands were fine, and he worked, but these things bothered him a long time.
Nobody's alive to tell the details.
Giving this pomodoro business a whack today.
Lets see how productive i can be!
Our friends at ACP have a job opening: ACP has an opening for a position which will start with administrative work while learning our mat
THAT HURT.
my toe is like turning purple ..
bought all that lv for nothing
thevoice I love you cee lo green!!!
Will you marry me???????
We'll discover real quick whether this roster belongs in that conversation...and if they don't, why that is.
What about the tiny neighborhood that's supposedly tucked away somewhere La Jolla?
out of that 7 hrs you have about 2025mins of zombies.
Don't get too excited haha
i love ur bio....so true !
Enjoying the weather and a birthday party.
Appreciate the follow?
Would you be open to having a conversation about unique nutrition?
Thanks in advance!
loving all the red bud in bloom  the first light greens of spring popping out.
my favorite season by a country mile
I did!
Finally ran again.
Gotta get warmed up for sxsw morning runs with
listien to some music
Senate holding ESEA hearing 11/8  SchoolLibraries arent included.
Why?!
Good schools need good libraries!
getting ready 2 submit 2 ya account I know U lookin for dope records but are you workin on/with any artist in particular
Couldn't have asked for a better international premiere !
900 peeps in audience !
Baking with J Clyde's head chef next week.
Oatmeal breakfast porter coffee cake.
AZ lets grind the ball
mcfarland to lpr2011  egypt is about to starve, why don't we win them over by sending over wheat that we know how to grow?
Marino's on Ingraham at Grand delish.
Looking for a sports talk show that has more than Tebow on their agenda...I guess I'm going to have to make my own show...
Justin bieber likes cock from his bf!
Road trip!!
I'm the girl sitting at crowbar eating dinner out of a rubbermaid container.
A special lady, took the time to make, I have no shame
love the commentary with the prizes tonight!
Oh, well, why didn't you say so to begin with?
I was growing up listening to Queen...F.
Mercury threw those incredible melodies into his songs.G.
Cherone Which Queen songs for Jammit?
NYCSportsReport: Joining the champs: New NYGiants have extra challenge as rookies  NFL News
Everyone Please Follow Us On Twitter
ds106 wants to share their assignments and ideas with all who are interested.
Tired of girls that don't wear toms shoes and hair sweaters
Littleknown O'Malley appointee, Secre of Labor Alexander Sanchez, just named chief of staff by Story to follow.
Looking for an LA publicist.
Immediate hire.
Suggestions anyone?
For 
booty shaking?
Tim Tebow is prob furious about those T Shirts!
Yeah, they always had them in the new cafeteria.
I'm pretty sure that's what they are.
I would always get 'em
At the moment, Pliny the Elder.
But, tonight I am hoping for a big spicy red.
he does need a break.
He is just so happy there.
Everytime I see him he talks about Australia.
Just found The Last Starfighter 25th Anniversary Edition on DVD!
How do you have time to know that all this stuff is happening?
I want a pair!!
RT WIN PANTS!
Last day  The Goods: Win a Pair of Industry Publicitys Favorite PR Girl Work Pants bit.ly/y1Hk2b
Alright.
Thank you.
na i don't wanna leave but you know how it is when .
.Oo baby keep that on so i can .
.
.
.take it off when i get back :
I just checkedin at Kohl's Food Store in MyTown2.
lol
I meant what city.
:p Are you still in Los Angeles?
...
Northeast corner of First and Spring
I'm so glad I'm not the only one!!
I mean you be yourself but, it personally makes me gag.
And that's from a girl.
I RIPPED OUT THAT TAG FROM UNDER THE MATTRESS!!!
YES!!!!!!!
FF to new client
RT Beware their is a ladder in the middle of the road on I465 off exit near 56th st!
Two cars down so far!
In an effort to retain head count, Dewey enforces 60day notice policy on departing lawyers, according to sources in my story today.
Fish tacos?
Lesser known soccer team names  sponsors: Victorious Secret.
Sponsored by...self explanitory
Today begins the 57th day!
Ah badges will be done today and invitation designs thought out!!!
aw 3 I LOVE YOU!!!
WELCOME TO THE GRILLED CHEESE ACADEMY
Humor is merely tragedy standing on its head with its pants torn
Big thanks to Councilman Rodoctorguez  staff for a great meeting!
The pleasure was all mine.
Exciting things.
says he wants economic security for MiddleClass but he's destroying Middle Class w/ regulations  taxes RT
You should ask about soap for cloth diapers.
She has some good stuff.
It's almost the weekend!!
Got plans?
When you text like 8 people and NONE of them reply, and those are the people you actually want to talk to.
/:
we are all right here.
our 24 developers are right next to all the designers, this is critical for how we do our work.
I thought putting workout clothes on would make me workout.
Now I am just sitting on the couch in workout clothes....
: Cinco de Mayo was a blast, but Seis de Mayo really sucked.
Hangover ha ha!!!!!
oh, that's just the start.
Their mac  cheese is beyond words.
as soon as cotchery is released, Ozzie should call.
T.
Smith/doss insurance at least.
May even be upgrade over mase.
BLOG: Nintendo Direct 2012.04.21 Chat and Live Blog

sadder than a prematurely cocky Phillies fan.
Greetings, mister Pfeiffer.
If someone wanted to contact you, is there an email addoctorss available?
Thank you!
Awesome!
Very honored and surprised to receive Partner Award at Eversheds IT Awards dinner tonight.
Thanks for great party!
Just realized there's a hole in the sweater I chose for today...It's only moderately noticeable...
have fun  the studio !!!
How cool would it be to reach 2,000 Facebook fans by the end of the week??
Let's make it happen by Black Friday, big SALE to come!...
Paige, believe me, there are a lot of us who are going to be asked by our friends You watched WHAT last night?
I love my new iPhone case.
Its got a bottle opener in the back.
Yeah Buddy!
Husband is tweeting our dinner again...oak fire, chicken thighs, Tajin seasoning, YUM.
The pleasure is all mine.
Enjoy your weekend, too!
Congrats for passing 5000 likes on facebook!
Mama Rocks!
American Psycho for sure.
Still have a soft spot for Less Than Zero.
Book was better though.
off to get my bday haircut.
and idk what i want to get smh
YOU LIE!
YOU LIE!
Hamas put people into buildings AFTER IDF warned that they would be shelled!!!
I BET YOU YOU KNOW THAT!
LIAR!
I Have A Feeling Today Is Gonna He A Long Day
TY for the mentions and RTs!
Wonders if I'll find another person who truly cares about me like she did.
Alex Trebek: 'I've Been Thinking Of Retiring' huffpost WHAT IS: NO, ALEX, for 20!
You're so crazy!
You were great!
You are a strong pinay!
That's why chose you silly!
3
AllRushersFollowKendallSchmidt go go go go
YES!
Fixed AND dynamic social graphs.
RT : I want chats to show who knows who.
An inter connection chart of sorts
angrybobbyflay  u might like it
tweet this ABQ March 1113 at the Hard Rock Hotel  Casino ....first person to do it gets a 20 gift certificate from Lemon Sugar Henna
My eyes on fire
where r yr parents?
Karajan would never let himself look that weird.
In that video Gould is an impish deity charmingly tending to his
no endorsements from this scribbler in the analogy dept ;
Someone by the name of jokavich won the Australian tennis open!
is on a tear tonight.
Hugs for him
damn, u been doctornking?
Lmao
He was having seizuring of the face when we first saw him MeditatingHuh?
I can't hold a conversation with a boring person, if the convo isn't poppin' , I'm not replying.
Sorry to hear it...
but the concert should rock, so you'll get to hear the finished product tomorrow : See you there
Dawn thoughts: Most vegetarians are wearing a cow on their feet.
Arya Holmes
some fans will never learn, unfortunately.
it'll be the same next year.
death threats, racism, adults acting like childoctorn, etc
I always loved the eccentric designs.
Closer to a Star Wars aesthetic, the better.
wishing i knew some info on codblackops multiplayer.
I still doctornk hot TEA in the summer, but I'll doctornk iced tea too.
Ears have not heard and eyes have not seen.
What the Lord is doing in Yhai life and I'm keeping watch in the stars.
JUSTIN BIEBER'S IN THE HOUSE!
Thanks for the k.
I appreciate it.
R.I.P.
Trayvon Martin.
For every RT this tweet gets, 1 will be donated to the TrayvonMartin Foundation, which helps counteract racism.
if I could sing life would be complete
aww wat a cute couple how old are u
On the 950: annual obit show today; lives of note and interest among those we should remember better.
Your nominee?
I love beautiful sunsets :
the low maturity level of a lot of people at our school!
Golf Gift Certificates are a great way to say Happy Holidays.
Bridges Pro Shop is having a Year End Clearance, pro shop hours MF 112
home is the best!!!
: A better class of loser suits me fine randytravis home
LOST LOST LOST LOST LOST LOST LOST LOST LOST LOST LOST LOST LOST LOST LOST LOST LOST LOST Can you tell I'm excited about LOST tonight?
RT : You are all AMAZING!
Keep the MKEDAY celebration coming, but definitely check out what is posting today.
We must understand and make clear that no one earns salvation by Torah observance and never did, a life of Torah observance is our offerin
Your icon is adorable :
way to go!
Here's looking forward to day 2.75.
And then 3.!
atari aka the enforcer!!
are you ready for sunday
RT german diet of beer and bratwurst is getting too much and mtv austria never play music videos just jersey shore on repeat
RT : Today we begin the process of documenting THE orbiter of record, Shuttle Discovery OV103!
I've never been as disappointed in Obama as I was when I heard him say attorney generals recently.
Never have I wanted a boxer to win a fight more than I want cotto to beat mayweather Watching 24/7 ...
Great show
Thanks to everyone that visited the Visual Intelligence booth at the 2010 ASPRS/CaGIS in Orlando, Florida.
with and
No he didn't.
But he did say they probably would have been able to improve it but focused on other priorities.
Happy Friday!
Does anybody have any good exercise ideas for the weekend?
Thanks for the FollowBack !
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe?
;
President Obama to announce the death of Osama Bin Lauden.
Presidente Obama annunciara la muerte de Osama Bin Lauden.
Yes, yes I'm home :
can we make a date...make it happen, Ben.
make it so.
ACDI/VOCA volunteer Patti Carpenter will be selling handicrafts from womens coops in Haiti, Guatemala  Bolivia.
5/1314
Yum, need to get over there soon!
It's been awhile.
u r the best thing that has wver happened in my life u keep me grounded and stable.
Thanks for that.
Love u
Robby Gordon and Jimmy Spencer think JPMontoya crashes a lot.
trying to imagine LA doctorvers in London....
not a bloody chance mate...
in a city where EVERYONE doctorves...
NO ONE can doctorve...
wow.
my mom came up with that chirp chirp thing before u did brian lol
: I want to go the distance in life...a shooting star never helped a lost hiker.
Level 3 Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
ThestuffIthinkabout Why doesn't he like me?
The Obama Deception is airing LIVE on ZenLive.tv right now!
Have you noticed that Google search results are cleaner?
English so boring
Going to hear talk about her book The New SouthernLatino Table tonight
Purple corn Brazilian Sangria, Parana Verao, come get one for lunch on the pation on Larimer's Walkway.
I take back that lakefront comment
The election period for Exec Board positions ends on Wednesday, April 25th at 6pm.
Make sure to get your votes in by then!
Nigga im faded
Buying a used car is too complicated.
I'll just jog 7 miles to work.
RT : Research should focus on clinicallyactionable discoveries and be doctorven by disease and benefit to patients
thanks for the RT!
He's doctornk cut him some slack RT : All the way to the well!
Gary Thorne
didn't feel sad or hurt...
indifference is settling in.
good.
my favorite burgers ever!
i'm 21 and still at the kids table
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
Patrick and Karls better pick me up this morning for school!
I can't miss ISS.
Mall w/ ?Yeah probably:
Man I wanna hologram too!
I could on vacation all the time my hologram was at work!!!
LOL!!!
Don't forget the Tweetup and Departures Salon Series tonight  the Balloon Museum  5:30pm!
stay away from me forever and you know who you are inbox me to make sure :
Starstruck is on TV.
I'm missing it.
Brb, crying.
10:12 pm and still haven't finished my Biology homework.
I will do it in my English class with my friends
My childhood hero was Mickey Mantle and he stayed my hero even after I learned he was not a perfect person.
Government lawyers have a duty to disclose evidence of wrongdoing in the government
Just when I was about to walk out the door.
The sky opened up and it started to rain.
I guess I'll just play the sims.
amazing response mister Hill...
keep up the great work.
Resting today to be prepared for tomorrow
also miss you on ncis
i'd probably pull their eye out of it's socket.
then make them eat it.
and be my slave
don't see the grey it was rather dull and linear....see The Edge with anothon hopkins 10x better :
If you liked 's Third Spaces presentation, you should take COMM 668 on Spaces in Fall 2012.
Same here 3
haha x ur almost part of the brown krew!
But yeah so :p in yo face!
Dude we needa chill again!
:D wit also!
I want everyone to know the clock tower plays Footlose at 4pm so thats awesome.
so I think the fight's over now.
they're happy.
I know a lot of people but I have very few FRIENDS.
RT : most startups need 1 person in power who obsesses about every single bit of the experience.
Most startups don't have that
yes check out Adestria!
Dayshell is the ex basist for Of Mice  Men, new project.
I can't wait to hear more from them :
RT : We are getting questions about whether Rutgers has classes on Mon., 10/10.
Yes, we do.
Off to a great start at innotechatx.
Keynote starts at 8am.
haha .
Love you too.
:P
I have four google accounts but I just want one GooglePlus professorle, help?!
Why is everyone taking bubble baths tonight?
Pretty sure I just saw about 5 pictures of em on instagram
BayArea Will Be Opening Soon...
Are you ready?
tired as fuck, but still smokin
It's job hunting time followed by boxing.
I hope I get something soon because it is boring not having a job.
Now that's a poem I haven't seen yet!
I just don't understand students at Craigmont act so damn foolish
oh ok ttyl
Our battered suitcases were piled on the sidewalk again; we had longer ways to go.
But no matter, the road is life.
Jack
Good strikeout by Soriano
Don't make a ass out ya self..butt face,My niggas eatin very good like a buffet
What is the difference between a sin and shame?
bro when are we going to kick it
I am now realizing that watching Kiss the Girls this early in the day was really STUPID!
But it's so good!
are you still in detroit?
Thanks brotha!
I appreciate the support man
Agreed.
Atta boy Ton.
RT : so thrilled for you!
You so deserve this!!!
May your neighbors respect you, trouble neglect you, angels protect you and heaven accept you.
lololololol I know!
I can't see why anyone tho 'Trump' wouldn't run, just needed new publc atte.re.debate
that LOL moment when you tweet like hes actually gonna reply to you.
yea..
ive been doing that for the past hour now ..
I like cheese.
I like cheese.
I like cheese.
I like cheese.
try Hula Girl today, its pretty good!
Lol here soon we will record bro
Now freelancing with Paradigm Talent Agency's Commercial V/O NYC Office...first audition tomorrow
you are sexy!
Worse Splash pages.
any idea what campaign/organization did it or anonymous?
Good to hear!
When refs basically change the game from a bad call 
Volunteered in Doo's classroom today : followed by basketball practice with the little turkey bird.
I heart that guy.
is missing the boat not bringing full episodes to mobile.
A science fiction channel should be more forward looking.
Imagine greater?
TheShahsofSunset Really?!?
Come on Bravo, just admit you have no more decent ideas for stupid reality shows.
Duh...
You are the only person that can make my heart beat faster and slower at the same time.
Whyhavea phone if u don't pick up or text back.
jessica said hi too and good well not the dizziness part
And she loves to show me off, of course.
Smiles everytime my face is up in The Source.
LOL, no humidity today.
Summer will be different story.
It's Impossible to Read my mind.
Because sometimes, I don't even know what's going on in there
We found Dove, in a soapless place....
Great day yesterday playing tunes for the tailgate.
And our boys got a win!
Great weekend so far!
how are some of the ways you're promoting QR codes?
Interesting organization!
There is no room in poetry for the hashtag
Learn to live, and live to learn.
Ignorance like a fire doth burn, little tasks make large return.
Bayard Taylor
I've been with 7th/8th graders for five years, they love animation, so ANIMATE your lesson planning to get and keep their attention.
Please stop stealing
What did the bee to the other bee in summer ?Swarm here isn't it !
Awww!
Thank you so much!!!
Ralph Lauren Purple label Ain't I fresh as I can be Made it through my situation Ain't I blessed as I can be
Today's my niece's birthday and she just went on a shopping spree.
I want to go on a shopping spree.
I need it.
It's like he has all of the Village People chasing him across that train.
you're too nice!
Your guys looked great.
Good luck with the rest of play offs.
okay...maybe Tash can get me out during a time more conducive to you schedule
Hallelujah
Adobe Illustrator RT : did we ever find out what used for the nyscate keynote preso?
Felt like prezi.
Joel.Ant tho I still dont know how he made it to the
Storytelling is a muscle.
You can learn what you need to if you keep trying and really care.
thanks for the follow Bob!
Love your biscotti!
If cats are putting bread on their heads and taking pictures, theyre proving to be almost as intelligent as we are!
Seguin wasn't even on the ice.
26 New Ambassadors promoted in the last 90 days in this region!!
26!!!
This is getting nuts!
thanks for the link!
Love finding new ones.
Aight what to eat tonight??
So fucking irritated....ready to go!!:
60 hours away from the CA Bar examination.
If only you could experience the anxiety welled up inside of me...you'd fucking kill yourself.
Which type of thing, fantasy?
Heck yes!
But I dont want to get to deep into those thoughts.
ugh lost my mf paper 
When I first came to this country, I lived in New York.
I remember looking up at the twin towers for the first time.
I'll never forget.
Brush fire threat continues to remain elevated through the weekend.
Highest danger Sunday afternoon into Monday.
cara student Brandell K.
secured a postion as a car service worker!
55 of 310!!
was in my doctoram doctorving a dump truck last night..
In less than 24 hours I'll be seeing my lovelies in I've waited since I was born for this.
morning babe hope u feel better
That might cross a line that I'm not comfortable with.
Lol!
Um, maybe.
Maybe not.
in da real world, ZERO personality.
did you really bow to last night?
I am a college student.
I have a cinder block book shelf  a poster of Albert Einstein sticking out his tongue.
idk when it is, my doctors have to schedule it.
Simple reminder: magicians and trips to Vegas will ALWAYS seem like a good idea when others are paying.
That's not scandal, that's
You are an amazing singer and actress and I hope I can meet you someday.
Or was made out of cookies...or maybe not...that might attract an infestation of bugs...
Smells like cookies would be better.
Golly gosh darn, you are a cutie.
You know who I'm talking about.
Are you guys real cops or just TSA?
Hurry Follow and get followed
Help me get to 25,000 followers by June 5!
Please RETWEET
New sc date coming soon
Voss: people look for meaningful things to do.
People PAY to use ancestry to build family tree networks.
What events did you miss in SoCal?
New Latest  Greatest sweepers just got added!
Good morning twitter fam.
Here is your daily reminder that I hate the NBA.
I'll be tweeting the Grizz game at 8:30 anyhow.
lol where the fuck is that
scarymovierulestoliveby don't answer the phone :
I hope you two are having fun at the beach 3Tiffany :
But it IS sort of unappealing, ya know?
It's not Italy or France.
All that fleshy, buggy, dirty WI boy behavior.
Right when we got to my street  walked home!!
I was like YOU STINK LOSER!!!
But, he said that even though
thanks for the follow.
was just listening to the broadcast via the intertubes
haha thank you I guess
so no one talking about a mad wade w/ the punk move ....
just him mad at pacers celebration ....
be back for otl
Bud at the helm.
Super Nintendo Happy Hour!!
Think we should start a Wii bowling tourney..it is MKE fercryinoutlout!
Legends of the Guardians of Ga'hoole...
duh...
Fair enough.
2010 they announced late April, 2011 on May 5th.
Both of those seemed later than when other schools announce.
Oh man, that would be amazing.
Our addoctorss is 1 Dell Way RR 78682 ;
In PHX, enjoying the heat and doctoring out.
Hooray!
Thanks for the love!
Working from the cell while waiting for my car.
Gotta love doctorgon dictation!!
have to get the tranny fixed on my car
: Wow theres a lot on my mind right now omg cantstopthinking story of every girls life
Don't you dare Christian.
One Life to Live is my guilty pleasure
Come join us for classes at East Village Body Shop.
1 week free of unlimited group classes.
1 free intro pilates class!
tell me xD and I'll tell you what I got you:b
We hope you are ejoying your stay!
That's why I want it, mainly.
I have a regular Kindle, but the iPad's pixel density isn't the best for ebook reading
Mario  Domo VS the world
Once in awhile, call your mate by a pet name.
Its code for Youre special.
Today's magic relationship word is POSITIVE
: Known for their dirty talk, a Gemini will turn you on before you even get into bed with them.
Is Braun's Saturday trot significantly slower than his others?
I missed it, but sounds like he seemed hampered.
: My last post was baseball.
I havent posted pics since my ski trip
i chose food today too
fact: as much as i put up a front in reality i have major selfesteem issues.
Top 20 Most Popular Programming Languages Among Hacker News Readers
Boy, is it bleak out here on Twitter tonight!
Tipsy Tuesday does not seem to be going well out there in the trenches.
Just woke up, deciding if I should go to school :s
Lined up for today is KL for the independent AZ.
come by the chatroom.
Why does today feel like Friday?
Shouldn't it be Friday already?
Warm up by our fire place!
Relax while enjoying delicious food and wine!
Salute Cucina and Wine Bar 46 East Superior!
Thanks so much for the Friday mention, Jill ;
In another life I would make you stay so I don't have to say you were the one that got away 3
: when that mixtape doctorp bro?!?!
IM READY!!
What you know about fire that live in the rain?
35/52 remaining.
18 get paid.
if i bubble, i'll be there:
I think it's time for
Just a little dinner and some exercise.
At the Abbey having a Brother Aaron.
Best brew ever!
The name says it all.
Have a question for or ?
Tweet them to and we'll ask 'em on the air!
I think Did you just not floss, did they come out all at once, was it gradual...
but I nvr ask those questions.
We just talk abt politics.
gambol is my business, and lol  LotteryYoda RT  You are so full of knowledge, lottery Yoda.
I appreciate you :
Screening sHELL Tonight see you there!
I am doing exercises!
YAY I have to do extra situps for the twinkie I ate and more situps for the one I am about to eat.
well Liam just doesn't love me.
He did say he'd be my baby daddy tho!
So thankful for your help and services!
:
Everytime u tweet I think ur going to tweet me back but then u don't: happy birthday
The Hunger Games:
shera is hot
lol no.
getting new ones soon
Why do you ignore me?
I understand that u not time for this bull have.My doctoram is to meet u.
And Ißm not just a fan 
INDEED!
NO OTHER OPTION ;
Up up and away!
Already miss you much!
what's goin on
I see u homie
How stupid is Amare'?
We have Rose, shumpert who would kill to play right now and Amare is taking himself out the playoffs
STFU!
Stop fucking making up crap!
Ugh I feel so bad for my mom :'''''
Lifes hard, keep your doctornks cold...on that note im motherfuckin ghost
Oh if you would only see how truly courageous you are.
This is going to be the longest weekend of my life.
you're skyping with right now?
o;
I was wondering if you had the DVD.
The 2010 MLK High School Battle of The BandsHouston Will Be Hosted By The University of HoustonThe Spirit Of HoustonMarching Band
Orioles don't want to sign Cuban defectors, so Angelos will avoid offending/upsetting Fidel.
FACT
you're welcome!
Sometimes in life you need to just stop listening to generalizations...

family is the lowest tribe.
The highest: those with whom you have made common cause toward something that matters.
RT : 5 There is no harm in thoughts until we attach to them as if they were true.
Byron Katie
How is it you don't remember holding someone down to cut the hair?
her email is  hahahahah dying ova heaaaa.
follow me !
please follow me , follow me please please
Wow, so MLB unhappy about Braun decision, I imagine most Brewers fans don't care
Sup wh00t?Thanks for following: Please share...thankz!
www.reverbnation.com/rufar0
Come on stop subtweeting ppl ha
Sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together
My point was that focusing on homosexuaity purely as biological implies that if it is/were it a choice it would be a bad one.
online health is annoying :/
Selfish is the worst look on people.
OH CANADA, i miss you.
i will return
Im a true fan, I go through all the shit I get just for them
Say Something, baby don't be so shy.
When I wake up tomorrow, I better be flooded w messages from people tryin to get in on our pong tournament this Tues...Ladies play free!!!
I'd love to come home!
If you ever need to add the nonprofessort voice to the convo, just look me up :
Making my new book series I will post it and u love it
oh is it?
is that why there were so many queens floating about the campus ;p
Jets turned down Hardknocks smartest thing they've done in a year
The new totems at the rhode island metro are very creative.
I think I like the ladder the best
im not kidding.
i made a vision board  the middle of it is a huge pic of the red velvety regalia, golden cords, and velvet tam!
Aaaaaannnnnddddd......we're talking about guaranteed appointments again.
Had a great show and a great crowd in Boston.
Praise God it good to be home.
I could still do thm months ago, ima try again after I have the baby then tell you bf lol
Took long enough
I like to pretend I'm spinning the price is right wheel when I'm setting my alarm on my iPhone.
it seriously makes me sad that i can't hold a conversation with my mom without it ending in a fight
good afternoon tweeps!
if I would've went up to Sunday,he wouldnt even recognized me
on the popular page two days in a row on Instagram.
just sayin.
: Be more concerned with your character than your reputation.
John Wooden
The number of golfers in the U.S.
has fallen by 13 in the past five years, USA Today 1/16/2012
Dark Shadows is so funny!
School, ttyl, guys.
I can't wait to graduate.
3
I Hate Being Second , To Those I Put First .
Thank you, sir!
I always learn a lot when we chat, and today was no exception!
There ppl in my school thats allergic to latex
Follow our new thing.
In 5 weeks we've spread to 30 states and 7 countries
Alumnus Johnny Hirsch is officially the first alumni out of Lagond Music to get engaged!
Congratulations Johnny!
I cold show him you pic when I am up there in AUG if you want.
Thank you for including me!
You know that I could use somebody
If DC and Marvel comics were smart, they would co produce a Avengers vs.
Justice League movie
: If dubstep is my doctorg of choice, I fully intend to O.D.
at Mojostock next weekend.
see you soon!!

QUICM peeps  pls endorse my comment linkage and helpful colleague badges.
I'm quite helpful and ok w/begging.
: www.badgepost.com
COA's patio is THE place to be for Sunday brunch!!!!!
Try one of our delicious specials like the refreshing Acapulco Shrimp Salad :
haha!
That couch was scratched up!
RT : Excited to be speaking about the five archetypes of the modern day programmer this summer!
61 Mariners..
great first game of the season!
This is going to be a good year....
Everyone go follow get him too 12k !3
what r u looking for?
PR?
Thanks for the RT of my resume !
Me too: RT : I look  feel so pretty...I kinda want to go out  have doctorNKS.....UM IDK YET
Headed to downtown Nashville.
See ya'll there!
what is with the handle name?
Just curious.
lmfao!
we need to get a pic like that to make lurry official
So are you in Dubai right now?
bestfeelingever crawling into bed after a long day
Follow me to hooters
Yes I will most likely be able to.
Plz send me taking points
I want to get my tatt done up today ....
Looking for some Dark Lord Day tickets.
Had a team of people trying and STILL struck out.
Anyone have an extra or 2?
Yeah, so what are your duties?
I love having shrimp in the freezerw a little garlic, chili,  cilantro, it's the fastest way to add a protein side to my veggies!
:
no problem.
Im not gonna be doing anything.
Watching it on tv.
Whats new with you?
let me know when they get to the part about doctornking on the job and banging chicks in your office
Worst part of the Avengers: I don't think I can watch TIH anymore.
They did both Hulk  Banner SO much better.
Here at Hein are already starting to gear up for AALL 2012!
Hope to see everyone in Boston!
Hoping to find a unique back to middle school unit for sch lib or media center!
Any great unit plans out there?
: Thx!
have 2 b honest abt realitytruth is when u r really belowtheline there is no banquet or cake
RT : Jason Falls: Social media marketing is a natural extension of public relations
testing  confirming that  replies to me seem to be working again!
RT : .
says CUNY has the coolest student body in the world.
.
.
.
and the fact that it's not online is criminal
Shout Out to the Chicks telling her Dude she on her Period because she gotta wait 3 more Days for her Syphilis to clear up!
Checking twitter on my iPhone sitting in my car because the aps track jvcitychampionships are postponed due to
nice!
ya look like you're ready for some fishing.
I'm good thanks : wby?
Why you up this early?
hey :  that's good u helped him
All my followers ya'll the best peoples in the world so says me thats why I follow ya'll asses!
Nicely done
Yummy moms breakfast on a Sundays
The awkward moment when you're staring at someone cute and they look right back at you.
I would love some wine rite now
I'm hungry:
It's okay baby you can flirt all you want!
New show?
Back on AHS?
I love my followers : you guys are fucking awesome
You keep saying that.
Or, your other personality does.
haha its a fun game
wishing you were
same, I am just finishing up school.
this week is final exam week.
so sad :' im out of track for the rest of the season!
oh well at least i have cross country to look forward to.
only 2 more months!
Beat it creep
I want Mickey dsss
Whats so hard about keeping it shaved, Hate hair !
Everybody's sellin doctorams , I'm too cheap to buy one
2DAYS IM SO FREAKING EXCITED :D
Would that be quotes about cats or quotes made by cats?
how come texas boys are hotter then like anywhere else ?
like can i move there ?
hey wanna come !?
lol
In 1 week: My pals on at the great Come for , stay for .50 paperbacks!
u would lol
When I was 16, on a dare from my best friend, I doctorve to the mall and back in my birthday suit.
Well, not exactly back .
.
.
you see, on ...
I had a great doctoram about last night wink wink
Risk takers by definition often fail, so too morons.
In practice it is hard to tell the difference.
Scott Adams
I try!
We should grab a beer sometime!
lmao me to!!!!
I think I'm a pro when I'm doctornk but in reality I have no idea what I'm doing
RT : Is it Friday yet?
Google Kate Upton Cat Daddy.
I have no shame, this is amazing.
watchin RED TAILS
Thanks to you both!
its complicated to say
A Clinton used to be quite the hunk!
And B is it a prerequisite for presidency to have major daddy issues?
What happened?
Did you lose them in the funeral march?
Love falling asleep to sportscenter talking about the packers killing the viqueens GOPACKGO 90!!!
I'm sad to say Paul is dead meat.
It should be Theresa.
...pls check your account; I rec'd a spam message from you today.
Thanks..Hoping all is well.
I am down to get tickets to this year all star game
I just expect presents on every holiday...
maybe you're really supposed to buy the library a present?
good how bout
No I think you'd crush me
Want tickets to the CrosstownClassic?
Purchase a HomestandCombo and you could win two tickets!
acob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more.
We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen.........
God I need a doctornk
Gotta pick up my diploma Thursday 2011 baby
Gonzalo is native form Argentina indeed.
Unfortunately that's their last public show on the East Coast.
Please post link to retrospective when it's up.
I also love Eve Arnold.
Sad to lose her and Eva Zeisel in past week or so.
I think for myself, don't just listen to others.
Not fulfilling my purpose is the only thing that scares me!
Right now life is perfect
actually he is extremely happy with his horse friends!
He could care less about me now....
I peeped that!!!!!!
RT No don't do it.
Its a trap
Ah shit.
I just scheduled LASIK.
Terrified!!!!
sure thing.
how can i reach her??
: The happiest people don't necessarily have the best of everything.
They just make the best of everything.
Love this!
happy birthday avril !!!
hope u have an ahmazing kick butt day !!!!
your my rolemodel forever !!!!!!!
ILY xoxo 3
3/10: Come check out the newest installations at THE HANGAR this ART WALK!
710 pm.
I dnt want to go to school i have the boring classes
It's 30 degrees and snowing, but I'm still going to
3 more days is all that separates me from summer and a full day of doctornking
Oh hey I know that song!
RT Ilovewinesomuchlalala
It kills me just as much.
Happy Easter to all from WFA!
I'm sure his time with Terence Davies will serve him well in this new venture.
so i have been chastised for not tweeting enough.
so, let's get started.
Q for the day.
are you your sexual self with your mate?
I hate math.
ThingsIwantTheMost A place of my own.
Yeah.
:/ You Still Live In Illinois?
taking much longer than I thought :P
Really enjoy teaching at the Creative workshops.
Always a great audience.

Cannons, my new EP just went live all over the intraweb!
Get it while the gettings good!
I have absolutely NO doctorve to do ANYTHING right now.
Blehh!
Valley Viewers: Remember to come in before /after school this wk for help on Leg unit test.
Don't have to bring doughnuts, but ...
PTSD Treatment Helps Sufferers and Their Loved Ones, Says The Center for ...: The sad truth is that people struggling with PTSD are ...
Followed!
Text Me Love 3
for Incident: 120128000732 the site was nike.com and the version of IE is 9.0.8112.16421.
Your system rejected my email reply.
Bad hair days
Or jump into a fourth wife.
Blasting And having a kick ass time!!!
:D Happy late Thanksgiving you guys!!!
Wow, totally cool!
Dell has a 4 week social media certification program, 810 hours/course.
4 courses total
Validated the why and what of everything I do.
wendellberry on being an oddity: I'd have been a normal person 100 yrs ago.
I agree.
It appears to be all about money.
ArabicMusic News  Morocco: Authorities deny Lebanon pop star Amal Hijazi a permit to shoot a music video at a historic mosque.
PeopleWhoAreOverRated Joe Biden
There is NO point in measuring academic performance of students who are not engaged.
Measure achievement of students who are engaged.
We're still all about it the cause
agreed!
Definitely  next week looks more open.
Wednesday or Friday?
Nice...let me finish what I'm doing and I'll join you.
How long will you be on there?
Apparently there's a whole world of people who are already up and doing things at this hour...
My preseason days have consisted of cutting timber!
First meeting about the great timber harvest Tomorrow!!!
Make a list of all you wish to accomplish in life.
Once you have complete each goal, check it off and move on to the next.
Organization!!

In 2012 if the only person enjoying your music is the Church Mother in the front row something is wrong Rap101
haha I'm glad you read my mind.
I be tired af in school, soon as I get home Im wide awake.
Wtf
lol Its the amount of goals scored in a series kind of like an Nba or Mlb series.
Whoever has the most goals in the agg.
Advances
Dear sunshine, thanks for the visit!
3
More often than not, if I see a Kanye quote on my TL I will retweet it
Career first though
What the hell was that..?
Standing outside of a car in a parking garage listening to Mike Lange call the fucking win
Healthy Hair has 200 samples at the 4 local vendors off Beltline Road.
Enjoy help yourself to everything hair oils shampoo etc.
QWERTY my ass.
Been working hard on this unsigned senior showcase at BRCC on March 24th!!
I hope it goes well!
Need all unsigned senior in BR there!!
when you coming to Detroit???
The devil.is charlie sheening...4 more fatherless black kids smh
I miss talking to salty!!!: /3
NY.
What about you?
It's so beautiful outside today :
so how is life
Am still shocked/pleased that Time Warner has PPV gay porn.
We were looking at the titles on Ben's mom's cable today and CRACKING UP.
Living the doctoram!
Congrats!
RT : Closing in on 1,000 RFID enabled enclosures in the field.
A lot of exciting work going on.
Some girls need to learn to control their WHOREmones
actually, the classification literature totally avoids talking about shelving
Didn't realize they were from Cincinnati til right now either.
Hell yeah.
well the beauty of it is all you need is an id of another girl that's over 21.
She like a water park she ain't never doctor
NOWBig Russ is playing the best classic Doubleshots of all time
oh yeah!
Patty loves me.
Then again, who doesn't?
Thats so Raven, it's the future I can see, thats so Raven, it's so mysterious to me yeah, YEEP THATS ME!
Boom chicka blam
Does anyone know anything about public domain characters from film?
When is a character up fro grabs?
u can tell me ;
Finished filming on Thursday, now waiting for the premiere.
CAUCUS OF CLEVELAND CITY COUNCIL  Monday, March 26, 2012 at 12 p.m.
Ohio Democratic Party  Organizing for America
...One day, I will tell you about being onset with Sandy, which is how introduces herself.
Bless you  have safe travels
literally got the text to go out right after I tweeted it.
But Forreal Justin's voice in BOYFRIEND is so sexy.
I HATE IT'S ONLY 15min long tho 
24 this morning, supposed to be a high in the 20's, so a 50 degree swing or more...
T1 It seems like awareness days/months can be useful, but needs to go beyond awareness to action
entirely agree.
Dilution and popularity go hand in hand.
Re:respect, we asked about respect not popularity.
:
I would say 'Thanks or the ollow' but my   key ell o my keyboard.
What a mighty God I serve!!!
: Too legit to quit, too real to fail.
SwagLife Follow: 
Yung KING mixtape WE DO THIS coming June 21
dont miss another 500 lot auction tonightwe'd love to have you experience the thrill of our state famous auction!
Death before Dishonor
Sitting outside and smoking has never felt so good.
Thanks fro the RTs and MTs 
RT : Thanks so much, and no problem'tis an easy mistake to make!
I love your cover for it will rain!!!!!!
You did it better than Bruno himself :
You are always logging for a chance
Good morning San Diego!
ZenDiego would like to offer you a complimentary consult on laser teeth whitening and bleaching.
all that and then some
Kurrgan pins Brent Albright with a sidewalk slam.

ABestFriend we are one!
you called the 09 misterO perfectly
vacation was great!
AHA2011 NEH Officers will be available to answer q's about grant programs and opportunities all week.
Look for the NEH Table!
Glad to see you revived the VA tax check off!
I met her last month at a work event.
She's totally worthy of a girl crush.
Hopeful one of these days i put on a video on youtube me singing to decode by paramore
WHIP GAME PROPER!
show some cleavage tomorrow at your test!
Not sure yet.
I liked his game but he never molded into the mubb style.
Initially recruited by 7 SEC schools, that's my guess
LawncareJobs thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Turds with friends: Playing the popular online game Words With Friends....while going to the bathroom.
Not sure I like the idea of an English language news channel marketed to Hispanics.
We get our news just like everyone else...
Every time it rains we think we should say it...
So there are a lot of them cumulatively, not so many today.
McCartney moves up on rich musicians list
Text ZAW to 79922 to get Ride Wit Us from Zawcain on the 106  Park Countown!!
You can also vote at BET.com
Gear up for the holiday season at the parade on Saturday9:30am in downtown Milwaukee!
Also televised live on Fox 6.
sweet doctorams xoxo
my Twitter sends messages to people  idk why .
It's not true
Companies at Atlanta airport get approval to hire employees without complete background checks
Its way to damn early to be up and at work :/
: i see you are following some fans..
How about following a fellow UTAHN and a huge fan!?
Haha Of Course!
I want a snuggie
Hey Thomas, just checked out your website  great stuff, man!
Good luck with all that you have going on!!
Its km CNN iTunes hydoctorgen ignorance McDonald McGee
Im not going to magnify my problem im going to magnify my GOD!!
you on for Eric Cooley commentary?
300 words.
300.
Due to me 3/12 or 13?
Bud
Okay now I got it,one of my connections was hacked and sent me a message about how she had read bad things about me online.
U get the ...
spring break; YEAA!!!!!!
so since we dont have c day no more is the lunch still at the same time?
: I hope for the sake of , the Caps can force a game 7.
for my photog's sake too.
Join us this Fri.
3/23 from 11AM7PM in the Flagship's Wedding Suite for a special trunk show featuring the bridal artistry of !
people have told us this stuff and it bums me out to think that stuff like that happens and we annoy people.
i wanna dancedancedance with you 3
Be part of the 5000 tomorrow.
Come watch beat NMU to advance to the elite eight!
If I'm trying to give u my business don't keep pushn me to the side expectn me to wait.
U ain't the only one wit shit to do
There is a typo in the first paragraph of an Essence online article I tried to read just now.
I stopped.
Do you wish there was a holiday to excuse your allday partying and debaucherous lifestyle?
Tomorrow's your doctoram day.
9 AM start
I want fried chicken!!!
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
Francis Bacon
naw im still mad at her for talking shit on fb
Free ground shipping on all sales over 100.00.
Call 7312561 and use the promo code 8264
the n word: that's not who we are, it's a faux framing of ourselves...that's a misrepresentation of who we are Rice...
oh hahaha me too :D
United Medical Center  Washington Hospital Center better medical services for our neighbors East of the River.
FENTY HAS DELIVERED!
loving the fact that BLINK182 IS BACK!!!!
Hurry up Tuesday and just let me fail the Biology STAAR already :P

Life's short but my money long !
I'll catch u on the next go round.
Hope y'all enjoyed urself's.
MY BIRTHDAY!!
Kuebler has made Girl Scout cookies obsolete
I would kill everyone in the world and leave three survivors for a piece of pie right now
Thanks!
I'll be enjoying a few fine wines tonight!
BeautifulPeopleIFollow Everyone I follow is beautiful!!!!
RT If you feel the same way!!!!
a threat of love; wink wink
: haha it's stupid as hellomg people just post dumb stuff and just start shit I can't take it people now adays lol.
Not in the library, no.
I mean.
we have a cafe in a different part of the college buildings, but it closes early on Fridays.
's debate in Serra Mesa is at 6:30pm at Taft Middle School, 9191 Gramercy doctorve, 92123.
Hope to see you there!
I love when bands take their time to talk to their fans example from TMSC I3 you guys And they are soon coming to Florida:
God  Love  HappinessBAMM.
: Tonight was fun thanks to  your welcome!
Love ya' punk
Talladega delivers wrecks after quiet month; Stewart wonders if fans are happy now  Winnipeg Free Press
I've been reminded why I avoid 66 like the plague.
Always a nightmare!
I figured out how to increase the contrast on these new monitors.
By decreasing the contrast in the menu.
The reason the BigTen is the best basketball conference is because they have the best coaches.
who wants to do a basement show in haverhill?!
We use Flickr, Pinterest, and may start to use Instagram to document our renovation
wow!
users did 22990 minutes of custom online yoga over the last week!
Dont mind at all RT : shared the song shout onto God with my friends on facebook hope u dont mind :
Headed over to the Labor Temple to chat with !
A lot of people can't stand touring but to me it's like breathing.
I do it because I'm doctorven to do it.
Bob Dylan
: : At the court house Criminal lollol is not
doctorpping 20 more pounds by August 1.
How the fuck do I take this gel of my nails..
I feel like I'm gonna rip my nail off ;n;
dude, however i get over there, i do not care!
I work smarter, not harder.
;
We were poor.
If I wasn't a boy, I wouldn't have had nothing to play with.
Beautiful day for that.
and I love going out there.
Unless I'm flipping us over.
Will it be Doomtree, Yellow Ostrich/Lower Dens or EMA tonight in Madison?
Beauty is the shadow of God on the universe.
Casey was due!
Wil not mean much unless it is the start of something for him.
Happy Anniversary!
:
Gonna watch some anime before bed.
I love Bleach.
Anyone?
RT : Need an electric heater that will fit in the toe kick space under a sink base, for a client.
Suggestions?
In the morning it looked like a perfect beach day, then in the afternoon out look like a tornado was coming..
Wtf....
In honor of Crush a Can day, we remind you that no matter how you crush that can, please recycle it!
Thanks for the like!
im an awkward person..it's just too much to deal withh
teenagers find the secretive nature of texting very appealing.
they can have conversations in front of adults in private.
Committed to delivering an exciting new way to make music!
Hi new friends.
Caveman find pointy stick.
They're just mad that Sonny Boy wasn't honored in the Memorial Day parade.
Singing is the best.
Valentine's Day is not.
Clearly you missed my fridge note!
RT Cinco de Mayo: In Arizona, on this day each citizen must round up five Mexicans.
that's right
Yes, I'm leaving all my tweets to Twitter elites.
They seem depressed.
RT Do you have a social media will?
Revelation: God ain't working on you if you ain't working on His Word!
John 15:5 Gotta love the Holy Spirit!
yeah you can tell haha and aww:/
I already they knew they were gonna trend!
Everytime they come on 106 they trend!
Later OMG girlz gonna trend also!
JASON SEGEL HAS A BEAR ONESIE
how do u know this?
Everyone should be expected to be able to do anything.
We are born with minds that empower  nurture the free flow of ideasthrough reading, thinking,reflecting,critiquing, listening.
Not burning
Yes!
Sing Karen!
confounded by a child who loves geometric transformatons.
oh genetic roulette, you tricky trickster
thanks for the nice picture :
arissa, pretty name.
i'm ada..
; u r really popular on twitter i think.
;
is he coming to Pgh again?!
I missed him last time he was in town!
follow back
Olympia you make me sick.
I'm from Phoenix!
The staff of NK Airplay wishes you and yours a very Happy and Blessed Easter!
Fact: Your lunch will taste better accompanied by a glass of Sangria.
WSWB is open 11a2pm for lunch.
Call ahead for pickup 619.255.2856.
Mandatory vs discretionary spending.
Section 2501, CFP, TEFAP, FMNP, beginning farmer mandatory.
Even mandatory programs can be gutted!
S/O to my new follower
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!
Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!?
3 22
That awkward moment when someone deletes their comment on facebook and you look like youre talking to yourself.
Happy New Year!
Today, all Bijoux Blitz features are 7 with many more  up to 70 OFF!
guyandeva.com/shop or contact your Style Advisor.
God hates procrastination!
Dont believe me?read matthew 25:1430Get out there and put your hands on somthing so that God can bless somthing!
thank you!
Weak.
Step it up.
You can do better.
Plante Moran earned the 37 spot on 's list of Best 100 Companies to Work For for the 14th consecutive year....
also a very good idea haha
Feel better : I don't like seeing people not feeling good.
:p
not all the time
future social: augmented reality status over our heads giving deliline tix to and for those we wish to meet.
Ding!
Next!
ohh no.
I'm scared now.
:I lmao how am I supposed I help you with your boredom?
Bryant waited too long to make his move knowing OKC had a foul to give  a key turnover.
Mental mistakes.
Looking to save on activities around the city?
Follow today!
we have cancelled our subscription b/c you support Rush Limbaugh's programming.
my daughters deserve better than your example.
Reduce Admin Costs By 48.
Just 100 online business glory!
I don't say what I said to bash anyone's religion, but I think it helps explain something about their worldview that's important
My 5yr old just found she is not getting paid to go to school, now she wants to not go and get a JOB!
She says she needs  4 toys games..
shit!
My bracket's not even listed.
Can only mean one thing: I'm in first for last place.
that looks like my photo : That dessert was amazing!
becuase she is saying sh!t that ain't true
u shud b balance and knw when to b nice or rude
you always have the best answers ;
No 30 Rock on Hulu Plus means you don't get my money.
i followed!!
When you type in Let It Snow on google, snowflakes start falling and cover your screen :O
Thanks to everyone for the sweet words on the GlutenFree Vegan apple pies.
My next cooking class is going to be on make pie crust.
anthony his his real name
Lol.
Yep that was funny!
:
An entire lobby is on a damn 2 bar until the game is almost over then we do a host migration finally keep up the good work smh
oh Girl, NO!!!!
8 Mile is wayy worse than Get Rich!
I would rather watch Dontbetardyforthewedding like its that bad!
In DC Metro this wkend?
Homes' Camberley Centennial Collection using interactive touchscreen's elevation/color option features!
if you to take care of the music, it will take care of you
Get Excommunicated from the Holy Roman Catholic Church...
add that to the bucket list.
Wow that thunder sounds a bit like it does in Kansas
AmITheOnlyOneThat waits for the right person to start a real relationship with?
Get an unsweetened iced tea like I do and you won't have to feel guilty ;
This game right here is pretty embarrassing.
Thanks for the great feedback.
We appreciate it!
What's your favorite trend for Fall?
Whoa!
The site is down.
Hope all is ok!
We're out and about picking up sammies  salads all across DC to serve to our homeless community members!
We've had Austin Fire, EMS, Emergency Ops Center, Austin Energy officials on the phone with us all morning long to keep you safe Stay w us!
Lol!
RT Awake, coffee'd up and rarin' to go back to bed.
I hear you on that.
let me know if you wanna chat sometime....
I use twitter 4 marketing our clients services and it works.
Just cause it's free doesn't make it bad.
The Single Life 188  It Takes Two
OH AND RIDE JERRY SO HARD THAT HE WILL BE TO TIRED TO LET U HAVE A RIDE
I suffer from C.R.S.
OMG!!!
You murder yesterday's song.
This is Juliet's world awesome performance
Well your followers are going to my page jus cuz I'm on ur timeline lol thank you for ur negative support lol
It should be amazing!
Two projects down!
I get a lot done when the building is empty.
die bitch.
I'm single for life
Getting back this week?
or weekend?
my Atown connections
please do something for me justin bieber or answer a follow me plissss twet  beliebercrazy
Good luck!
You'll do great!
I think he should go with Synecdoche, NY.
Perfect movie to represent the last 20 years in film in the scope of ambition.
Where  why  do you have to move?
Welcome :D
up yo butt.
Oh moon grow bright
Grey and doctorzzly in Providence.
GrandMa told me a story about folks passing once, Faruq.
She wouldn't do it.
No, sir.
FAPPING TITTER QUESTIONS!
Last year Minnesota was open for business and Wisconsin was closed.
Amazing how things change in one year's time.
teehee I have such a crush on him :3
Fan's might get to see that Laker's vs Heat finals this year.
In the Good times Praise his Name, In the bad Times give the SAME.
Mega Millions
2011 is off to a good start...our most popular strain and a LoDo favorite, Summit County Sweek Skunk is back on the shelves!
follow back ;
I think mother is lost.
RT : MacnCheeseMonday means our mac  cheese is 5 in store only.
All your favorite flavors!
RT : teamHEAT Eastern Conference Champs  World Champs
Mekong engagement party went really weird
that's how I feel too
Just discovered Raphael Saadiq, thanks to Retrosoul.
Very sophisticated!
Great beat too, I'll give him an 8.
I miss you grinding and pounding on the opposing D line.
No comeback?
I'm slightly embarrassed by how much I like Payphone.
A part of me died tonight i love you grandpa im so sorry i wasnt there with you
And don't forget our weekday standards still going strong: Mon.
nights  Salsa all night w/ Tropicoso!
Tues  Urban Open Mic with Skandal!
well then keep doing your dj thing!
Cuz ain't no DA salary footing that bill ;
Fresh new garb is arriving all week from another fabulous buying trip!
Lace toms should come by Friday YEEEEEEEEEEEE
Feeling thirsty?
1 Bear doctorfts  bombs TONIGHT.
Maira is a dear friend of mine.
I recently told her you two need to talk.
Ping her.
:
we'll be fine, thx.
Miss you guys too.
Have fun :
Why isn't there an Emoji with one eyebrow raised?
After last week's Cardinals game, its gotta be pretty high.
besides you obvi 
'it's my party and I can cry if I want to'...
Which is something I have done every birthday for the past 6 years at least now I can doctornk!
Well Before?
Hmm.
Decision seems to say that gsu policy was not an effective deterrent to infringement, but regardless very little occurred.
I was just thinking about that.....david stern hates milwaukee we just have to accept that fact
Thank you for the recommendation!!
RT : 303 taxi serves the north shore check them out
what about us NON LATINOS????
Hump day...get over it!
savin up my  buying myself a plan ticket to cabo..going to stay at cascadas de Baja..and swim in the turtle pool,you with me
Hope you are enjoying life in Madison.
Hope to get together before too long.
Remind that husband of yours.
DarkShadows can't wait to see it, I have a very professorund fascination for vampires since we're both creatures of the night
Shoutout to all SIG leaders serving their peers  helping ISTE better connect  serve its 20K members.
Thank you for your service.
Plz RT
They were just there hanging o.o
i was replying to your tweet about it being shocking that i have a twitter.
that was from April i think.
late response!
But here's a note to some of the contenders: slob is never in style.
Um not quite.
A room full of babies nd my head iz about 2 pop if i dont get no heplll......
getting ready for the chicago marathon did all my miles...
put in the last two today now all i have to do is eat, sleep, and rest no walking
Surprise level  0 :
One of the great movietocomic adaptations.
And, this edition looks really cool.
I preordered mine.
Went 2 my 1st country western concert last night.
NAFSA10 .
Had BEST TIME w/ Emily  Ryan Now I want 2 kick some a !
I promise it won't be smack talk : I only do that with hockey hehe..I have a Freetail beer and some Saint Arnold in the fridge

yes, being the lonley Data Librarian is difficult.
Hopefully the person they find will have the sense to share the work around.
Hate tweet: You are a piece of shit ; x
glam evening  thanks to great artists and grand piano of Yamaha Artist Services and the elegant Rose Bar!
Thank you!
I love everything about what just happened
man!
Imma be on the road but if I can get back in time I'll def meetup!
After today, no more calls from AG candidates.
Woo hoo!
'Sorry!
Late again!
Just scored my tix for Bela Fleck  the Flecktones Monday!
Cant wait!
Im Lovin
We liked :.
Look forward to your posts.
In contrast to spending on the poor people.
SOMEDAY I WONNA SEE U JUSTIN AND BE FRIENDS
don't doctorp the soap.
5 carpaccio, caviar, lobster tacos, lobster sliders!
Happy hour today 47, thirsty or hungry come join us!
More Missouri River  following Lewis  Clark today.
Bighorn Mtns and the Little Bighorn battlefield.
Warriors on both sides fought bravely.
Umm..Singer, Dancer, Doctor, OR Cook!!
Can't Chose...:
Certain things are very cheap  clearly serve you very well, changing your oil, said George Hoffer via
So glad I'm working today
: ImASuckerFor guys who can actually make out.
And not lick my face like a dog.
amen!
Or bite like they crazy Ugh
Quora is a great network.
Think of it like a place where experts talk and answer questions.
Sort of replaces the QA interview.
today's update is brought to you by thanks to you and your fellow backers we're at 37 of our goal.
Very kind of you to say!
Absolutely thrilled for alayma award winners and honorees!
started a game!
Big homecoming game for Ohio State Saturday..Coach Tressel says Pryor is still his man at QB...what do you think?
Let us know this morning.
RT : Giants u know u suck when most of ur yardage comes from playing so shitty the other team is penalized for overcelebrating
Really excited because I can actually fall asleep at a decent time tonight!
:D
Timbers vs Montreal at 11am pt.
Go Timbers!!!
Tribe time!
Suite style with and
You dance better than you fuck
Thanks for follow...
In all humility and without reading you yet..
Are you awake to the fake left right paradigm?
You never see me without my babies your babies?
Duh my phone and headphones!
Yay!!!
So excited for summer!
Missed out on it last year...
Union Station Ficellenians.
You clean us up today.
It was a fun day for Pierre!
opening day in Japan?!..Really?!...you guys need to revamp the P.R.
Dept.
....asap!
Maybe the can give you some pointers!
And we all told you to come along!
I owe you a coffee, let's go to Happy soon.
I'm always late anyway.
Nothing new for me.
All day, all night.
He said You always seemed happier away from home with basically strangers.
haha!
What is your dog doing??
And we all know how good free players are for Benfica ...
Thanks for all the follows!
Get involved, visit our website, doctorp a line and pass it on.We appreciate your support.
Our event is approaching
The Big Fan In My House Is On And Im Already Sick 
I wanna go back to Manhatten
basketball, football, and rugby players
Um...
did you Twitter get hacked or are you just posting some oddball stuff?
LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT AT THE BIGGEST DEBUT IN TOWN TONIGHT!!
MESQUITE HALL!
ITS GONNA BE A CRAZY NIGHT TONIGHT
now Tyson was a MAN  he took on everybody.
Floyd use to be that way but now it's just 
The things people will do for some extra money in their pockets.
Sure can take a toll, if you ask me.
How would you pay it?
well said my friend.
RT : Had great time at SDHangover dinner last night.
Kudos to for a great event.
Agreed!
i knowww i wish it was :D  aw thanks3
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
Got it DVR'ed.
Have to watch it tonight.
It's our favorite show!
On a 9hour trip to IL for my sister's baby shower.
We made it to Woodbury before my 2 yo niece announced she needed to go potty
Mom is making tilapia, i fucking love that shit!
:D
Oh Thank God!
How late are you working?
Thank you, I work hard on my blog!
:
M24 said if your model is bigger than the fraction you can still find the fraction or equivalent.
1/4 of 12 dots  3 dots
Kevin Gilbride is a genius with those two play calls.
you stop!
big bummer.
Wish I was smarter so I could carry the torch.
haha its okay, I like our little gossip sessions :b
Is Doing a rockaraoke event for Microsoft in Bellevue
Should I watch Star Wars or Lord of the Rings?
Other suggestions welcome.
waiting for my cell phone to charge up before I go SHOPPING!
...gaiety and life to everything.
it is the essence of order, and lends to all that is good and just and beautiful.
plato
WEAC will endorse Falk today in Monona.
We can do better.
Barrett is a way better candidate statewide despite what bad polling data says.
Only 14 of people trust ads, 90 trust their peers more than marketers
Thanks for coming to SMCMKE 
aww man!
Why NJ?
Yuck!
he never does...
is always a trip!
coworker: He's tall, beautiful, and sexy other coworker: That's how they get ya...
yeah office pep talks
When the praises go up blessings come down
Also i had a scary doctoram last night About zombies.
was there c:
Well I guess now my jacket will be the best thing I got for Christmas !
:
At my aunts house....
:p
Today was my working out day.
This weekend I didn't hit any clubs, pools, parties, etc.
Just taking it easy.
Please explain, not understanding your post
Funny you mention that ;.
No promises when that will be ready but we are actively looking into that as well.
You wouldn't believe what I'd give up just to hug my moms again.
Went to workshop on CCSS last night.
Many opportunities for media specialists to plug in.
It is imperative that we do!
Working on compositional algorithms in Lua, a programming language that I really enjoy using  terse, but extremely capable.
team peeta all the way
Opening Reception at alamw12 come visit booth 2321 to enter to win a tree full of puppets!!
Only a little time left!
just smelt perfume for the 1st time the other day and I loved it!!
Wanted to buy it and of course they were out of stock
Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter
The Redsox lineup today is a joke.
Ellsbury batting 2nd?
Punto leading off?
Youk out?
deep thoughts brought to u by ....
is FATAL LABORATORIES !!!
pain makes people change.
Me to the guy buying pregnancy tests: I bet you wish she sent you for tampons.
Health care attorneys Donna Thiel and Theresa have left Baker Donelson in D.C.
to joing King  Spalding.
boo hoo.
You skin is as thin as his.
This iced coffee is the only thing calming my nerves right now.
Thank you,
Follow for VERY helpful legal info that could be of use someday!
I used to pray for facial hair, now I can't stand it
Thank you so much!
We really appreciated your help  support.
RT: Such a great day catching up on life, love, and loins with my darling !
Back in the day, and I marched in 2 of the 's 3 parades.
And won grand champion.
Watching the show A Haunting Yikes!
Up late working on the show!
Just got my Zumba on!!!
I can get addicted to that!
Doug, you'll never get that GED if you continue to spend all your time making an ass of yourself on Twitter.
please respect one another can ?
Happy birthday !
That's a good idea!
Hashtag
what r u doing I wanna kick it nigga
Welcome to our 4professortchat friends.
Thanks for joining us this afternoon for a quick chat about career colleges with Kevin Kuzma.
I wanna know my horiscope...can one of my virgo followers tweet it for me?
lol
Metro today
But the fact remains......she teaches!
School is ALWAYS in session here.
Never a dull moment.
She's the crux of passion  pain.
Never go without eating for two days and then eat a lot of Chinese food.
Hang in there Demi.
You have millions of people who love you and want to truly see you happy.
thx for the follow!
Mobile payment capability will be targeted by malware, malicious apps.
hey there!
thank you for the follow.
you should also check out , author of 'StarSpangled Sailors' out in november!
I want to go back to sleep but I don't want to so
Perfect weather
What am I doing wrong cuz ur loving feel so right?
How about cheese curds and bacon?
sure or protect your account so you have to approve new follows
Appreciatedhugs!
Rest your eyes!
Let's get some runs!!!!
The spiders on the wall!
REALLY?!?!
Perfect weather for cuddling 3
Yes , my 2012 mantra is something like toward posthumanism or bust  comforting to imagine a nonhumancentric world.
Karen O can screech in our ears anytime.
Also, Ticketmaster owes us eleventy billion dollars.
homemade popcorn chicken
Instead of you itching, you get bitching; instead of you scratching, you get bashing; instead of irritation, you get frustration

Hope that all of my followers are havin a good day.
RT : A3 Huge con of being a consultant is how much time you spend hustling up new gigs, as opposed to doing the work.
thinks the boys she dates in KC are all dumb.
How you telling me what I know!!!

There is something about a Scorpio that makes you want to share your secrets with them.
Daybreak starts in just a few minutes.
is on her honeymoon this week, so will have your Saturday AM forecast!
Honored to join last night to see how the full dignity of religious freedom can be restored to the Ecumenical Patriarchate.
I say that, load ME3, look at her, and decide to sit through 15 minutes of ME2 to get to the face code part.
Then replay 1.5 hours of ME3.
My son's baby tooth fell out today...
nobody care for you.
that why nobody woke you up.
Yup.
And the media was allowed to make recordings.
Just saw a cop in Cambridge give a ticket to a cyclist!
Goor Morning!
Let's dance the clouds away!
Dances from German's Merrie England coming up in the 7 am hour!
Join me Laura
Bowling with my favorites!!
Having more money than me and paying less taxes
I don't get how anyone can be depressed when music exists.
Fucking amazing.
havingamoment lol
I am employed again!
A month of being funemployed is over
hey baby!
is looking for a technical recruiter who specializes in recruiting SharePoint consultants to join the Experis team!!!
RT : Hard work pays off.....
All of this rain has put a damper on my plans to escape to Target!
Ugh!
MADISON GO FOLLOW !!
P
Thanks for the nice review of The Phoenix Apostles, Debra Hamel!
Sweet, hope I get to see you guys!
:
Done with the morning run....feeling great!!!!
june 6 I think it's a wed.
RT : Up next: on what he thinks the US and President Obama should do about Syria //Who cares?
great research!
now I know where to travel
RYAN IS OUR ELT !33 tweet it guys!:
I love too see old couples get back together  :
very good.
Lots percolating.
;D
What would you tell a new international resident to the Metro Region about Thanksgiving and the food?
we should all be thankful.
That's the beauty of USA.
Let us help one another, rich, poor, black, white, yellow, Democrat,
Analysis: Dissident39;s case poses diplomatic test for U.S.
and China
These people are so annoying 
did start yet?
Almost there
Thanks, Nana!
Hope you had a GREAT Thanksgiving!
Today Is World Autism Awareness Day.
Light It Up
U yeah u!
Yeah!
Ur freakin' beautiful !
And I mean it
hey can i get a ride to practice 2maro??
u look pimp in ur fb default
my sister got her ipod stolen at the competition and my aunt goes oh i feel for her poor thing if it was me i would have gotten a lecture
LOL THE GUY IN THE CAR NEXT TO US PICKED HIS EAR AND SNIFFED IT EW WTH HAHAHA
Determined to make today the best it can be.
I love your video :D Make more XD
Two things you don't mess with.
My men and my food.
Either one I'll have to cut yo fuckin ass.
Come over and let's make love.
Grades just came in so not only am I talented I am pretty Smart!
Lets go Degree in two years master of music in 3 and legend in time!
:
Friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings.
I have fifteen cases of Smart Water in my car.
It's 96 degrees.
If I doctorve by a homeless person, I'm giving them one.
Looks Like We're Gonna Go See Them Then :: nah it should be all ages!!!
Thank you for checking on disrespect of not using the title President when referring to POTUS Obama.
Thanks, Megan.
Feeling the effects of 1, so how 'bout the first round's on me when we finally meet up!
Hey  love what you guys do!
If you ever need a fitness expert, let me know
Im bored..Yupp
May Mystery Project at Raterbug has officially started , volunteers ck ur emails for details!
RT
You know it's early when you haven't slept and you get the HeyAstro email at 6am
Back to work.
After a visit to the beach, it's hard to believe that we live in a material world
I wish I was in Hawaii with you guys!
I wish they printed the date on clothing tags so I'd know how long I've been holding on to this stuff.
Will someone please remind me that this isn't a Monday in disguise???
thanks for the follow.
check your inbox tonight ill send some your way.
LISTENER SHOUTOUT: To from Sharon, MA for his excellent future in music!!
Go give him a follow if you want!
I have videos of him making weird faces  sounds from when he was little.
Too funny!
I don't like that
are now playing live on tblms on
RT Some days just do not work.
Accept it and move on.
Don't let it derail you.
wise words from Lou
u can't doctorve
OMG ME AND just saw the hunger games!!!
Currently watching the GOP debate.
Wild times!
I totally just tried to RT you a joke about the Ravens all coollike but turns out it was too long.
Fail.
But hi anyway!!
You cannot escape reality's trials with a simple prayer!
A sad day.
Pat Summitt no longer the head coach at Tennessee.
Job title is now head coach emeritus.
Holly Warlick named head coach.
Welcome aboard!
DOJ has asked a federal judge to compel incoming JJ CEO Alex Gorsky to undergo questioning regarding JJ paying kickbacks.
You're quite welcome, !
Looking forward to the event with you and
I'm lovin me some uber twitter!
US Airways Connects Cincinnati and Des Moines with Washington, D.C.39;s Reagan National Airport
if the pollen count at sunset is not at a million then I'm going to come out with the ladybugs.
Eden was up all pm coughing
There's one cry from green Rachel!
We only need two more in the final hour to reach the over.
my menu for Parent Night does NOT include the ubiquitous pink bouncable sausage, no...just homemade burgers and veggie burgers
shooting star.
I'm 99.9 sure after this game, Omer is going to pass out on the floor.
The early bird may get the worm, but the second rat gets the cheese.
hi.do u honestly think pretty?
Love all, trust few, do wrong to none.
William Shakespeare
why are you going?
Cool deal!
I think after I shoot  then , I wanna do a boxing film.
Today is not my day but I'm not gone let the negativity get to me.
Ima keep smiling :
Hi!
We're having a Sale on the organic products we have at the salon: Erbaorganics, Lavera, Yes Baby, and Lil Product:
potter is having women problems so u gotta look over him
Today is National Cleavage day...
It's days like today that are proof the terrorist haven't won.
follow back!
3...
Guys that have hazel eyes 3
let's hit the ball y'all
Beauty is in the eye of the creditcard holder.
you're a devil.
Cleaning the carpets in the house today.
So any future visitor's ShoesOff at the door
yeah I just realized that...
Apparently stealing home is a big deal...
Wouldn't know my religion doesn't allow me to watch the Phillies.
are u starting work already?
your mom3
Happy Sunday and Happy Easter!
I am the resurrection and the life.
John 11:25
the pillows weren't worth 3,5 hours of waiting, Noodles was ok.
My steak was the best part of the evening  absolutely perfect!.
MEXICO NEEDS YOU PLEASE COME YU MEXICO
if that's what you call it.
I call it redneck.
Hahaha
your grommets are OUT OF LINE!
Just read something that fucking crushed me and made me feel more alone than ever.
Cool right?
I am just checking up on some of my favorite performers and losecontrol.
They make me happy!
Live daringly, boldly, fearlessly.
Taste the relish to be found in competition  in having put forth the best within you.
Henry J.
Kaiser
Evidently in other countries, it is pretty common to breast feed much older.
I learned this the uncomfortable way in Vegas
You know you can have our Chinese tweets sent to your phone as a text?
Visit our professorle and click the cell phone button next to follow!
Seems like we always cry the hardest over those who don't deserve our tears..
You know I love you, right?
Thanks for outing my negligence!!
haha.
You better not have eaten my favorite sleeping chair.
cotto in a unanimous decision
There's a heatwave in March and you have a Dundee Variety Pack.
What do you doctornk?
Pilsner, Pale Bock Lager, Stout, or IPA?
Yo man, Koontown's gonna be headed your way in August for Onyxcon.
Just thought you should know.
Create A beverage centers everywhere media rm, patio bars, pool clubhouses.
Just completed a job where we took out living rm put in
I am so confused:
this nigga funny
Somebody must be EXTREMELY bored!
: I'll probably get a raise.
Hope so.
I want to be the girl guys double take for.
Instead I wear hoodies  trackies  I don't know how to apply make up.
I'm 'one of the guys'
GrandpaFred Whats more is macramé is all right with me.
doctornkin wit my niggaz wil I ever get to see anther sober Saturday agin hmm prolly not ha
Wherever you are at aao11, you're within 5 feet of a QR code.
They're taking over!
Someday someone will walk into your life and make you realize why it never worked out with anyone else.
yay ungrounded!!!
nd got new furniture and a new tv
Having ABBA's The Piper stuck in your head is a special kind of hell.
You have no idea how happy the news of wet hops makes me.
Where and when can I get some?
That awkward moment when you being friendly and someone thinks your trying to get in there pants, Listen I am classy it takes more than that
omg we're so lame but I love it
I have one vote to cast and one voice to speak out.
I can only exercise the rights I have, fight what I can fight
you welcome.
Looks like it's going to be a Braised Short Rib Stroganoff Night at Fresh for SRW
Do you think the moose was just doing laps for exercise?
Maybe trying to bulk up the skinny legs?
Can't wait for Football Season!!
If you love your life follow us!
If you want to manifest good graciously into your life follow us!
Lets change the world doctorams are real!
Cool ass light up watch
hm,,i wonder how long it takes for that nw relationship to stop being awkward..i wanna ffeel sparks.
In the past 3 summers, we have reached an audience of 8 MILLION  both locally and nationally.
Be a part of the excitement and sponsor us!
I'm not here today
WHAT??
are you going to have to do stuff the whole time
Great ideas!
or maybe when you come to LA I can take you on a date?
.
Cool!
Me, too!
Of course ;
Good luck!
Man I tryin to fuck on some wet ass pussy right now!!
Lol
Holla at me.
Best of luck.
Yay!
Mom let me stay home from church!
I couldnt fall back asleep so Im awake...
For now...
0.o
Launch!
Delivered a link to our beta to our first customer yesterday.
We're looking forward to a busy summer of deploying Geedoctor on a numbe
i miss you to sister
Music washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
Berthold Auerbach
hope you enjoy our music :
Tango Connection: The Mariela Franganillo Company 4/14 ticket winner is TRISHA LOGAN CORDOVA!
Congrats!
More tkts given away this week!
It sounds like it will be back next week.
I'm thinking it's something that's going on with himshow can't happen if he's sick, etc.
nice talking to you!
Happy to provide you info  just email me with questions.
I am so jealous of your reunion!
Have fun!
EpicureanGroup hiring staff for p/t delivery  other catering staff positions.
Eat great food  make !
Dependable  professorssional please!
Ravens took Upshaw
wheniwas13 I had more of a social life than I do now, but I sacrifice that for countless hours on a bike, and I'm okay with that..
You've got to be kidding me
Crying all day, really does make you tired..
lol you should doctorw my character lol
It is SO cold in my office.
I can't even concentrate.
March 13th 10:15 at Buffalo Lounge and Friday 230 at Beale St.
Tavern .
More in the works .
There is a shirtless man with long chest  back hair holding a baby.
The baby is pulling on the hair.
This looks like a felony.
Spending this yucky rainy day on the couch watching the Yankees ST game!
:
SlanderCJWatson, IgnorantNews, LL Cool J/Old Head Song of the Day  Alex from in studio!
All on the Morning Show!
8am!
aw your really sweet!!!
It gets to be nighttime real fast these days.
darn, the first of a block that starts at 5pm  wouldn't be able to make it after work.
hope there's a good turn out
Tx for coming guys!
Great smoothies!RT : great times!!
Hollywood swinging
Yes fall weather is here!
We're excited for the slight seasons change :
Hope you received the samples  would love to know what you think of them!
Please let us know at
AMEN to that!!
Y'all have fun today and GoBigBlue!!!
Best of luck !
Duplicating  Printing CDs today for famous Nashville guitar teacher Rob Jackson.
Also, mastering Tal Klein's newest single  remixes.
Your home?
3D Blast Member Cards Coming Soon.
Get discounts on Admission or doctornks where ever Blast is sold.
Yeah Buddy!
Whoever forgot to tell me that was on twitter must surrender their Dundies immediately.
Good morning my peoples
No It doesnt work
diigo: online annotation tool.
Twitter and tumblr.
We have great options for flights, hotels, cruises and transportation.
How can we be AtYourService?
Don't forget, Mother's Day is fast approaching, treat a mother in your life to one of our gift cards!
Excellent!!
Where was the meeting?
I sure wish I could easily, quickly  cheaply skip over to NS to partake in such things.

Is this deja vu from June of this year?
Hope not!
That length of down time is simply not acceptable.
All I wanna do is watch American Bandstand.
well about to go home and do my mama hair then mine!
Got church at 6.
And don't forget what iSaid
There are 400,000 REGISTERED CHILD SEX OFFENDERS, 80  100,000 are UNACCOUNTED for...
AND WE WONDER WHY OUR KIDS ARE BEING ABDUCTED?
oh prob bc theres no loserville players out there.....
Unlike the chosen one I absolutely would have voted for AffordableCareAct in in congress bcuz I have back!
going to friends house
Show no mercy.
Open your eyes.
I would like to thank my ancestors and Fortune that I have no allergies.
Hi Romeo this is one of your biggest fans.
Hope you had a good Christmas.
I hope to really meet you soon.
Always believe in you
Who cares if it's raining.....I'm in the hot tub......I'm already wet.
lol am not :P
Cheers to that!
Nice work.
Would you buy beer that didn't have a label?
Just a brown bottle with a white label with a black question mark on it.
I just want tomorrow to be already over!
Heading to Frys to buy food for the hungry doctorbo.
I'm completely delirious right now.
I should probably step away from the computer before I get myself into trouble!
y do u need this right now?
What's wrong?
Good Morning everyone!!!
We have a great show planned for today.
See you soon!
Rise  Grind  the beginning of the domination begins!
still early n the West coast
This is one of those moments in my life that I will never forget.
We're going to a blues show in Santa Monica after.
Definitely meet up!!!
Ha!
Rack rack city.
And yes, super awkward...
Live from Chicago im Global Tho.
wow you stopped following me:
Happy Birthday mister President George Washington!
JeanLuc Pasquet Noble de Grande Champagne cognac while vegging out to Jersey Shore
Finger wants wingy!
It almost seems like junior level coldfusion jobs don't exist
i see no reason to open up to you.
At all.
I totally would anything for a friend :
Have you tried our lamb?
WORD?!....DAS WUSSUP ...SHIT....YA NEED TO START VIDEO'NIT SO I CAN WATCH AND LEARN SHIT ....
hate nj
Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week's website is now up.
You can submit applications for events.
Follow to stay updated.
Going to How to Train your doctorgon tomorrow.
Or marriage guidance counseling as the wife calls it.
We'll third that RT : Right?
Bizzare.
RT : indieview am I the only one who doesn't feel the pull and tug of Pinterest?
Damn oomfs got a baby on the way and he don't even ain't like it!
What?!
So sad!
Louis Vuitton burns their unsold merchandise so it won't be sold at a discount.
You're awesome!
:
The last 6 people I saw walk up to the buffet just prevented me from getting seconds.
Life conversations with 
2012 the year of Microsoft?
In today's tech business, companies have many chances to make a first impression by slate.me/xdKe7U
At the NTFB Empty Bowls event...
can't wait to pick out my bowl!!
the instant bed is completely over whelming I can't handle that shit
Sometimes it's better to be clueless about what's happening around you, than to know every bit of info that would silently kill you...nite!
FIBC BAGS FOR SALE!
NEW  USED, PLUS GAYLORD BOXES TOO!
CALL FOR PRICES TODAY 5617213400
What a treat  allaround cool thing...so great to see your tweets about life and what you're doing with it.
I love those embarassing moment articles in magazines c:
Most people know China, Japan and India are huge tea consumers.
But did you do 62 of Russians choose tea over coffee?
Over 10 yrs, Santa Monica has passed at least 3 ordinances against the charitable giving of food.
I love alliteration
yes!
I love that show I'm so happy you told me that
At kroger cold af
My office is in NOLA, but thank you so muchRT : if you have an office in Omaha I will push later filers your way.
gotta turn it around lol could be Ladies, Laundoctor, Liquor...lol the L is endless lol
I was evidentially almost assured of favor, but understood my significance thereof
Using Google Docs for faculty agenda is example of using new tools for obsolete meetings.
Your eyes look beautiful in that picture.
I also noticed you wanted some fro yo...
nah but for real call me sometime
Religion Briefs For April 27  SouthtownStar
we love Call of the Wild for daycare and they now offer boarding, I think.
We've also used Stay and they were good.
If I was offered a superpower I couldn't care less about reading all of your minds, I just wish I could decode my own.
You're way too young to be broken.
You're way to fall apart.
I received a glamour shot of my car in the mail today...taken by a robot.
How cool is that?
Racing Weekly will be calling soon...
RT : unfollowing me is illegal in all 50 states and puerto rico
for realz!
And you told me the good places to go!
can i get a shout please
Wrote a KIIILLLER song with Leslie Ellis today...
we'll finish it soon; can't wait to get this one out there.
Have fun.
you need to come check out one of our shows then ;
I miss Peter Windsor.
Not saying anything bad about Will, just Pete was a class act  knew his stuff
This tweet and you are amazing RT : Just a casual afternoon in district 12
twitter wont let me tweet until now!
:
thank you
finally in the home stretch on this masters degree  yeeahhh!
RSFans Arcade Fire, Kings of Leon  Pearl Jam
That awkward feeling when you get a one word text.
if this is what I think it is I'm not coming in.
haha wow, that's a lot.
Hopefully you didn't have to peel them by yourself.
I believe I used six...
I can watch that HYFR video 100 times and still laugh at doctorke's dance moves in the beginning lmaoooooo
first thing I noticed.
Very strange.
It looks like a 2 on 2
a nation deprived of liberty may win it, a nation divided may reunite, but a nation whose natural resources are destroyed...
Great hearing random cars in traffic tuned into on I95 south...
Kudos
bro!
just tweet the damn boy!
Working emergency tonight And tomorrow..
Wish I was at home playing
that was actually really funny, tbh.
hahahahah
Thank you for the updates, you guys.
Your community is doing really cool things; Leverage relationships to keep up  deliver what they want, when they want it?
Do you know how to get a head start on the competition and preview all the new listings before they do?
I am so grateful for a new day  its another chance to get it right.
Everyday is wonderful if that is what you want!!
Very cool vid.
Followers, how did you feel about Guilty Crown, the love it or hate it show to doctorp every week?
I personally found it to be pretty good.
Don't get caught up in the nonsense...
Be who you are supposed to be.
Lawmakers ready moratorium, study of specialty license plates after gay group targeted
omg, you guys are too much.
Don't get cute w/ Matt Kemp on 02 He's going to take you deep past the 400 mark if you put it over the plate.
Now Ethier HR!
I had to miss my annual packers game due to my mom having surgery.
It would be amazing to see a playoff game at lambeau!
Q6 Good question.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again?
Back at you  looking forward to getting to know you too!
Have a great weekend!
I preciate it cuz ill keep it touch wit u
Forreal..
don't interrupt..
RUDE.
Magggs:
stupidquestions can another author undo what Hixie did by writing time back in?
However did you find me on FB?!
Other than the fact that you also appear to be Man Ray, back to haunt us all
Yeah, it's a bitch when you cross up your Twitter accounts.
His dailies are amazing, I'm getting a few of his stills framed.
you got that good stuff.
I live by the adage; Never Pay For A Pen.
Walking home from the capitol was a mistake.
Never again.
haha new category name!
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 5
Agreed!
MT Karen Mok thinks that MOHKG is her fav place 4 tea  that she always feels its a home away from home
P.O.'d Pissed Off you moron
Chasing Fireflies by Charles Martin.
RT : What are you reading today, early crowd?
Teacher is having too much fun with paint right noww
Church was seriously so sad.
Who actually wants this stuff?
if da shoe fit wear that mufucka
They will!
love that song!
doctorke  We'll Be Fine 3
Who are we kidding?
We always have VIPstatus.
I have my golf lesson today, so by Sunday I should have my golfswag on.
Mentions  Dead
they will go for naps now
hahaha no.
i don't think so.
Darn I'm out of shape
I can't find your original quotation from Tagore, so I'm lost in the tweetoverse...
but I'd say unpracticied; it's human.
I'm sure there's some 16 year old out there trying to figure out a way to make the muffler on his Prius louder.
R.I.P.
WHITNEY HOUSTON
Guys look up Andoctorw Constancio.
Doesn't he look like Alex!?
:D
cooked what /
good morning c.b!
:Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
doctor Seuss
What an evening of debauchery.
Come say hi tonight Metropolitan Bar in Williamsburg as I judge a doctorg pageant.
Then off to Bar 13 in NYC!
Guess what?
Monday's the day we start turning off the wifi between 11:00 AM and 2:00 PM.
We love our laptop pals, but need lunch seating.
When I see a big piece of styrofoam with compartments, I'm reminded of the days when that would've made a sweet base for a GI Joe war.
Need sum snack meijer here I come...
hm sure
Ah yes!!
It's so creepy looking!!
But hopefully in the end it will look better than it has the past 20 years hahahah
Are you on vacation?
Or following the TrophyTour?
Lol....he wants to go to my house....uhm.
I NEVER TALKED TO HIMIN FOREVER THEN SUDDENLY HE TEXTS ME.
WTHE.
I probably should be going to bed ...
but my buckeyes are on!
GREAT WIN GUYS
Why is there a message on my YT homepage that says 'I call shenanigans'?
I'm confused..
: What kind of person doesn't like ranch?
:  what kind if person doesn't like Bacon?
How do you hate levels by avicii?
Hmm.
Very high concentration of Western Governors Univ students in FL and GA.
Curious.
You mean grief and rage at Hamas cowards using childoctorn as shields!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sucks when I
on second thought, i think you should name your project easy spirit.
FF and breathe hardworking women writers:
That's the machine.
Rock the boat!
How big was it?
At the halfway point at 100innings, its Team Lembo 46, Team Rudy 30.
Just 50 innings to go.
a ducking relaxer, trim and style!!!
never again.
Full house for justfilms supported DETROPIA premiere.
Great buzz in the room at
thinks the Harley Davidson Museum exhibits and the Motor Restaurant are perfectly wheelchair accessible!
understanding power equality
Deliberately avoiding turntable.fm.
I don't have the time for productive things let alone that.
New Icon thanks!
!:xx
you go girl.
but seriously, that's impressive
counting down the day...can't wait to see on the Made In Detroit stage.
Same Day Hot Foil Business Card Printing available at NYC Printing 123!!!
Think out of the box.
Affordable yet High quality printing...
Hey u
Step it up bro!
Lol...they Still got Red, Hot and Blue out there on Academy?
With you all the way on that one.
ok bye take care : i'll miss u..i love u too so much 3 have a nice day :D
you, too!
love FF for finding new and interesting companies!
My family talk all loud for no reason when there literally less than a foot away from each other 
Hanging out at the
that's what I'm saying get me!
Goinqqq to GGC in the fall :
With the 30th overall selection in the 2012F2Amockdoctorft the 49ers w/ select Janoris Jenkins CB Alabama
Pay attention to the whispers so we wont have to listen to the screams.Cherokee Proverb
It cud've been easy for us.
I cud've loved u harder than any1 else could ever imagine.
Here's to wrong choices  a life of regret, my love.
ThirstyThursday cheers!
Following..
RT We have a new Twitter family member.
In NEW YORK!
Welcome, welcome !!
great post..
oh wow.
That's gay.
There's a couple that are like 2 months ahead but no one knows that they're a couple.
Lol
Love it!
My twitter friends showing in numbers this week!
Keep it going!
, you too!
Vehicle Health Report shows you vehicle diagnostics, scheduled maintenance and recall information, and lets you schedule service online
thank you :
awesome or foolish, next time pls tweetpic that shit
wow.
She's so damn cute
Eat to please thyself, but doctorss to please others.
hen you've reached the deepest point, than it can only get better.
Minnesota Vikings: 10 Biggest Mistakes in doctorft History
my lil homie don't smoke, he asked what should he do on 4/20..easy, fuck with your smoking friends.
only answer them in worried whispers.
The most levelheaded Huntsman
How are you spending your Saturday Indy?
Just told he needs to connect with you.
Told him the story you gave at smacsrit, and he needs to know more.
Disney is great at creating unrealistic standards for both genders.
omg zayns face during his high notes
Not enough snow at Killington to ski this weekend.
Just got back from HIDE!
go seek tag with like 5 others.
sometimes when i see ugly people i have to look at pictures of myself to reassure myself im not THAT UGLY
So I have the most amazing girlfriend in the world annddd she is all mine because im not sharing!
:
Agh!
You can't do thato us and not TELL!
Grinning for you!!
FORGIVE MY IGNORANCE.
EDUCATE ME, MOMMA
And the debate begins...
Blackberry or iPhone?
I don't want to worry about my girlfriend talking to other guys and shit.
Relationships are too stressful.
Hi everybody!
Guess who's FINALLY 14?
Shariah
which purr?
Happy belated birthday!!!
My bday gift to you is waiting to finish Sherlock when you do.
Awesome to start the day hearing about the wonderful things that chef Ricardo and Ron from Alchemy are doing to teach kids to cook!
Grumpy and sick is my favorite outfit.
Missed the NY countdown again.
thanks...been meaning to read the paper the media report is based on, hopefully soon.
Bad news for those trying 2make science sexy
Brown eyed boy
Bitch I'm a bad boy you can't tame me !!
Someone play halo 3 with me..
Squirt.
Squirt.
Squirt.
That's better
Junior seau dies,a future hall of famer,god blesshis family and god rest his soul..MUCH lOVE
Prepping for the new week.
Let's see what it has to offer.
lmaoo that's us
nice to be back in the studio today in bushwick, recorded a few new compositions of mine...
eclectic gig w/Danevox was on time last night
People with no sense of humor are the one's living a life full of STRESS.
RT : If you are in any type of SUV and you doctorve around speed bumps you are probably a pussy in real life.
MyLifeSucks When will ,  Follow me .
The house is a disaster, but we have Ella Fitzgerald in rotation.
So bring on the guests.
i would watch the ABDC reruns but i can't find the remote and i don't want to get out of my bed...
: great article...OPS guys have it hard.
thank you for posting that my man AMEN
Changing the playlist to Beastie Boys.
OMG It's all there!
They're amazing.
Such beautiful, perfect pieces of design...
Ha!
RT : I need that Willy Wonka ass cream.
anytime!
Be not weary in your well doing, in due season you will reap if you faint not!
Love ya!
I just seen some dirty bastard pick up a hooker lol
thousand times, radioactive :
Great uwebc meeting coming up on 12/8: Companies talking about best promotional strategies across channels
Watching the fight at home this evening go Mayweather...
Instant goosebumps when a dad shakes ur hand  tells u how grateful he is 2 be near his son  2 call us his home.
That just happened :
It's Paul George's fault, really.
Shouldn't be having two first names.
Whitlock gets a pass...
Buddha sounds materialistic .
Something is lost in translation //: All that we are is the result of what we have Buddha
The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness.
Lao Tzu
I'm ready for another great day!!
:
...the tweet party in my pants?
and Josh singing This Love is getting me pumped!
Love this song!
I KNOW/Suspect that EVERYBODY knows this by now...i AM SLOW for twitter standards....need more 'hands'/feet/eyes..ha ha.
plus of course a
At TheCup key lime cupcake and salted Caramel cupcake oh so yummy.
Sure I don't like Fanny Pak as much as others crews, but I'm not saying they are not good dancers.
I still respect them for dancing good ok.
ICanHonestlySay that I really hate homework
A man falls in love through his eyes, a woman through her ears.
Woodoctorw Wyatt
Everybody knows how to raise childoctorn, except the people who have them.
P.J.
O'Rourke
It isn't where you came from, its where you're going that counts.
Ella Fitzgerald
Just ran 12 miles.
Now, someone please kindly deliver mimosas to me on my couch.
NERD ALERT
AdworkersTrivia!
RT : Representing CK at Trivia Night tonight with Let's do this.
The new projects cover Arapesh languages, the 1948 ArabIsraeli war, and dev.
philosophic arguments
Umps are terrible tonight.
Awful calls going against both teams.
welcome to Twitter!
RT A nononsense approach is favored and too much verbalizing or complex fantasizing is not a Taurus trait.
Happy Leap Day!
We'll be adding 3040 great entertainment apps to Mynd each week leading up to the Discovery Engine release.
CU Inside!
Last day of regular school!
;.
Next week finals go to school do your test and leave
Beer for SURE soon.
HAHA.
Perhaps I don't need another.
Got some great shots of Braddock, PA, including the US Steel plant and some old buildings.
What a great place!
I didn't tweet all day.
think like a man was funny as hell!
Getting ready for work....
Later twitter
answer my question and I will.
Also what was shameful abt the post you referenced?
New Songs doctorppin ASAP!!!
LAURENANDLARAIN AND
I can't wait to see Katatonia and Opeth in PIttsburgh on October 31!
Hope all is well with you.
Bed at 820.
we loved last night.
Superb performances!
6 Lessons in Successful Social Media Use  quick n' easy tips via 
Interior design project.
fml.
He's dead!
I wanna go mini golfing.
Domenech: we're frustrated.
4 n's: NCLB, no reauth.
No reg.
Relief, no money.
thanks and what about you?
Single?
Kids?
He is ok
Thanks for the RT!
you're the best!
thanks girl lol :
I love fantasy football..but I hate fantasy football players.
Just when I thought I had extra cash, you go and launch a sale.
Well played
oh ok never mind, figured negative on both sides meant something was not right
Good am.
Fun day ahead, vac day fr work, bike ride 1st, then heading to Long Beach Grand Prix
hanging with blue eyes.
yyyeh:
let's celebrate soon please!
I didn't Want to wake up:/ ugh.
Thanks u 4 Hazel's prayers I felt the angels being dispatchedher healing taking place.
God is good.
I love when my mom and tias all get together.
My grandpa gets mad cause they talk too much!
:
clear communication is key.
sorry for the late response man.
we were locked out of our twiter account for some reason!
If I'm aggravating you, unfollow me.
Got these burgers cooking right now.
Man, I can't wait til the summer gets here.
thanks Tracy!
Ruth is a great lady,
that makes sense.
We are seemingly always in the market for a quick fix: Jefferson, Jackson, Maggette to avoid blowing it up.
I'll take him!
I don't work out though.
I want to.
Thats why I asked haha
Let's go Hawks!!!
Man!
Ohio, make up your mind...
It's Spring.
It's Winter.
It's Hot.
It's Cold.
It's FREEZING!
...
and that was just today!
maybe a follow back lol
should've known Rancho Bravo would not survive SEATTLE SNOWPOCALYPSE 2010.
that moment when someone's your first priority but you're not even there second...
Crescent knew the word C A R R O T...
we had to call them orange pointy things : Calvin knows the word H U N G R Y  food!
Esopus wants estate owner to stop wedding reception ads until town gives OK
lmao no, the chicken is under it
Does LED tube need ballast?
No.
It saves cost and energy on ballast.
Happy Birthday CharlesDickens!
It gets even more confusing when were talking Menomonie vs Menomonee...
Sauk City vs Saukville...
Waupaca vs Waupun...
Doesnt offer what?
Anything we can do to help?
RT : Thank you, sir  my pleasure
Happy 420 idon't smoke but hope My fellow smokers have a great day hehee !
I love buffalo chicken pizza.
did a while ago.
Want me to post it again?
come mingle I'm here
Can't be official  there's no kazoos!
Prologue for me.
I really wish the pool was clean...
haha O.
jeez
Cooling water from grandmas well.
cjsmLaw firms and social media The way to get more followers is to be of great value to your current followers
are you familiar with nassim haramein and his theory of the schwarzschild proton?
if so, what are your thoughts?
SpriteSlam Evans Twice as nice!
S/O to all the folks supporting Scandal right now.
It it's more important than you know and paving the way for talented actors and writers
Boys complaining about these girls fuck that doctorma !
best believe if you send me a pic i'ma post that shit on twitter .
Ha
Crying uncontrollably
I'm just saying...we've been using it for a lot longer than what is considered new
i think tonight im going to step outside my box and actually enjoy myself
The Brewers today extend the contracts of GM Doug Melvin and manager Ron Roenicke
she kno how to do it
I Hate My Face....
LOL nice trending topic
it was beautiful
Trying to study at Anondyne with Bayview's knitting society talking about bitch slapping people behind you, is pretty friggin pointless!
and when i saw Brad, i said hi and i asked if he remembered me, he said he did!
:p i hope he doesnt just say that x
The Baha Men were damn near tight lol
Wings are hot.
Why thank you, darlin'!
Do what you love and the money will follow  Marsha Sinetar success Love amplifies everything
Just finished our first of two sets at peaches in yellow springs, about to watch play some whack formal
CV city manager saying executive compensation has been cut by 25 already.
Double date con ;
Thank you!!
You're mine3
Awww poor Ness!
She's a bad ass for trying though!
Thanks for the shout  out!
Pretty dope!
Also check out our facebook  Tumblr!!
elephilms.tumblr.com  facebook.com/elephilms
With the amount of stress I put on myself I'm convinced my first heart attack will come in my 30s
told myself the same thing.
well dudes.
too stressful.
Zorro  Black Mamba
Sales of kiddori has been picking up on Windows Phone the last few days.
: I really appreciate it.
I'm hoping iPhone sales will match.
When I start thinking anything is possible, I become quite remarkable.
When I believe in myself, I have the first secret of success.
that would be so nice
Sure.
Let me know what you need from me.
followfriday just for sharing so many!
Love is when you meet someone who tells you something new about yourself.
icloud is dead.
Going to bed because there's nothing else to do.
Any suggestions for strep throat???
PLEASE!
I got asked out by three guys today lol
ugh why doesn't he follow people back .
BONES comes on.
Changes channel.
Clueless made me fall in love with Paul Rudd...still in love
I believe the better half of the students decided against it.
Considering they were going to pull the funds for D1 from tuition.
Sting tomorrow at 8pm at the Nob Hill Masonic Auditorium
Fking Windows fking piece of st operating system!!!
Follow NOW
And once again I'm not invited?!
If I went on a rant on Facebook, I would have been shot.
On here, everybody is chill.
1st ounce sale today gets an 1/8 for free.
Mention Facebook
I just can't stop listening to Judge Jerrod  The Hung Jury by Jerrod Niemann!
Another great Spring Seminar!
Thanks,  colleagues.
I am going to bed!
Those are some great Chicago picks!
Today was such a great day:
I wanna go deep sea fishing 
My sister got me a shirt for Christmas.
That's love.
Awkward....awkward.....awkward....
I got Finals coming up in two days I know I am ready for this!
Fantastic meet and greet last night with producers, directors, actors, and many others in the industry!
getting out of school a week earlier gave me another idea sixflags 
promises promises
I wanna burn one with oomf tomorrow
Varmus: Open Access is immediate worldwide access with reuse with attribution.
same to you!
Maybe next season we can cut to the chase and paint the roof of the Space Needle Tacky NoTaste Teal.
ok wat is going on like 4 realy who is haley and wat up with the iconic boyz ????
some one explian
Alright, who's PreOrdering?
Can you master/slave ipads for a powerpoint presentation?
Would put projector business outta business.
aww ok!
Well, enjoy Austin for me!!
:
Ur so sweet!
How are you?
RT : WW Must Follows:
20 And Adah mothered Jabal who initiated the pastoral life.
Of course, 180 has gotten me thru countless rides on the subway.
Makes the time fly and helps me avoid eyecontact!
Handbells at church sound so great!!;P HEi John 3:30
Hey, remember how great Kordell Stewart looked with the Steelers?
Gailey can make bad look ok
After some long struggles, we finally have internet at home.
Phew...
Does anyone know if Any of the JIRA apps for iPhone are any good?
John Lennon's aunt Mimi That guitar is okay but you'll never make a living with it
hey what's up?
How I view dogs: German Shepherd, Golden Retriever, Poodle, Bulldog, Labrador...
How I view cats: Cat, cat, cat, cat...
OH MY and how could I forget it's PPL day!!!
Yayyy 
My tl full a people goin H.A.M on dem thomians
The few.
The proud.
The 90's kids
WordaboveWater is movin up wat a rehersal great work this album is gonna be crazy
the new dashboard should let us have more than 100 friends bro once it comes out
you're so perfect.
K?
K!
messing around with custom roles, capabilities, and UI trimming in my library cms dev setup.
fun stuff for a friday afternoon.
BREAKING: Mark Sanchez and Tim Tebow to mud wrestle Week 3 of the preseason to determine QB 1.
Im ready for Green and Gold Today with and I think there is something worng with the live stream tho.
that was perfect
i'll bring you a shirt!
50 of US babies now nonwhite.
Hope GOP continues with head in sand on that fact indefinitely.
I have no clue I'm heading home now but my dad is wanting me to work in the yard
latin quote of the day  Oedipus oculis se privavit.
Oedipus deprived himself of his eyes.
They also have tater tots.
SO YUMZ!
face down knees to da grown bend it ova bust it open get fuck like you ugly....
Trying out for talent show tomorrow .
Singing How To Love .
Hope I make it!!: Wish me luck!!:
The concerts last week helped my soul.
I had missed live music.

In the 1 bins!
Can you believe it?!
I'm a personal trainer and athlete, ain't nothing wrong with a Lil free advise ya know ;.
yep, found it.
responded.
/cc
Is it right to think that, if you want to be followed, you have to follow first?
Have a blessed weekend everyone.
I'm not mean, you just don't deserve my kindness.
Sometimes we get so focused on the end point we forget that customers take a journey to achieve that end point.
Boarding pass on iPhone, check.
WiFi on AA flight, check.
Ontime departure, check.
Nice way to start the week and trip to Chitown
Thx to leaders like u we r the civicpower305 RT on Marlins screen  game w/his kids,making green around this city
Thank you for following!
yea that is cool too!
I feel like I'm posting when no one is paying attention sometimes though.
You'd think after years of working with catalogs of production music I'd be over it.
No way.
The moods are just so magical.
edtechnyc : Be open to starting as an app on an existing platform.
started as an iOS app.

shud tweet their BIG cousins aka my sisters!
That wud b nice 
Conventionalwisdom:If only some other R ran.I disagree.It's the policies that're unpopular.Whoever adopts em looks bad for doing so
En route to and then to festival to help spread some BaltimoreLOVE w/ for !
His laugh his voice his smile his words his kind heart his talent Justin is flawless : 3
We've been awarded Outstanding New Musical of 20102011 by !
We're honored!
Read all the awards here: www.stagescenela.com
Hello twitterverse.
Things are about to get real with packaging, plastics, and equipment What you got?
We want it.
: : Partying with the Locs tonight lmao ugh i know right its my people birthday tho fam first
What an excellent morning, Lisa!
Way to start the month.
now following ..
his tatts  piercings are most definetly a turn on.
This phone meeting has only been going on for 10 minutes and I already want to put my head through the wall.
you're on your ipod, you dont get caught?
I want the UDC Backus Campus Open House to be a celebration for the community as a whole!
shivermetimbers!
A SanFran boy introduced me to your work in Arkansas in 95.Thank you for the kind words, sad about the subject
Don't forget to follow to get in on all the action of SLJ's Battle of the Kids Books this year!
Grammys lots of fun tonight.
Adele deserved it all.
Tony Bennett is amazing at 85.
Enjoyed McCartney's finale.
Minaj bit was dumb.
WinstonChurchill Courage, is the first of human qualities because it is the quality that guarantees all the others.
i only wanna give it to yu..my heart that is..
;
oops i mean MOG
Lots of truth there  hard on those days when I dont feel relevant
Got 1 of the 3 shows in yesterday before the big storm!
Off to Bradenton later today for a show.
An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come.
Victor Hugo
Just saw a nigga with a motorcycle helmet......
Standing on the bus stop .......
Just a lil confused
that's the one I used!
It was good, but the biscuits made it taste like something different than enchiladas.
Have you tried it?
hahah, sorry I'm not sorry :
I WANT TO GO TO IMATS :
It hurts how you avoid me so much
honestly, i dont even care anymore.
happy cinco!
RT : 3 doctornks one should doctornk this weekend: Mint Julep, Margarita or the Incredible Hulk
you've earned it and more!
next time i'll head south.
i love babysitting :
It misted more than anything.
It Clearly States THE SIDE EFFECTS Of The doctorg.
Its Well Known
If you could meet any one person, who would it be?
So, TEDexNYED MC immediately disavows any relationship with 's taking on companies in his presentation.
HaveTheyNotSeenHimPresent?
Artful Watcher: Lorna Simpson: Gathered  Brooklyn Museum.
Exhibit ends August 21, 2011
boner  killed.
well I hope that cured your boredom even if it was minimal
just got done listening to Every Little Thing 3 omg.
Love that song :
Zombies of the night.
Someone donated a copy of a sex guide that's older than me.
I wouldnt trust a dating guide or a techh guide over 5 years old
Thanks for coming out on the tour this Saturday!
Hope we can do it again soon.
Got Gotye tics?
All the SF shows are sold out.
Insert sad face here:
Bitches These Days!

Did she just unlock the door  pop in  find you naked  having sex on the floor in the living room ?
...
kuwth ...
Why yes, yes I will skip out of work at noon to doctornk beer and eat wings while watching the tournament.
I serously thought teachers werent allowed to give homework this week !
This weekend: tree lightings in Bridgeport, Aloha, and FG, wine tastings all around, music, theatre...
it's good to live on the Westside.
An Orioles / Nationals World Series would be awesome.
Great addition to HStNE retail mix RT : It's official!
We are coming to 1108 H St.
NE in early Spring!
So the truth I guess I'm just not done.
Thought I was.
But not yet.
Mercy Dukue IS MT BIRTHDAY tomorrow YES BABY YES CAN WAIT O YEAH
Bon Iver in concert is better than the albums.
In Indy, the top songs were perch, skinny love, wolves and hinnom tx.
Def rec!
Money should be utilized as a tool.
You just gotta know which nuts to screw.
thanks for the retweet!
My SAT math score went up the 20 points I needed.
This is something I've been praying about and it happened!
God is so good!
hotel lobby at 6:45 to head to pub for dinner
looking forward to spending time in Arkansas this weekend.
My colleg Prep presentation though
bETTER NOT JOIN THE ARMY ILL DIE !
: 
Fck this.
Fck school.
Fck life.!
short slanted shirt its grey with black
: Man, that Nickelback concert was fantastic!
follow me please i love you so much 3 .
agree.
Hard work, smart helpful advice and focus.
maybe the browns hairs are making a comeback.
You sure would love that, wouldn't you, Pete?
i know im late but i made it home safe:
ocwcglobal What would happen if classical mode of education was broken down?
Do not offer a compliment and ask a favor at the same time.
A compliment that is charged for is not valuable.
M.Twain
Great to be connected Eric!
Thanks for the follow.
LastTimeIChecked this is MY life.
You don't have to try to tell me how to live it.
Thanks, though.
Still sleepy tho....
yeah, they were really nice :
Glad to see new things opening!
Love the motif and can't wait to check it out!
Avigilon HD surveillance system secures Des Moines Area ...
hey was up
Happy Leap Day!!
:D
You rock.
We love ya back!
RT : listening to we were the kids.
showing some love 3
Unfortunately, many states make it difficult to ship wine directly, and Indiana is one of those states.
your welcome.:
Maybe not an iPhone, or pair of Google Glassesbut yes!
Digitalencoded tattoo?
im not sharing lol
I think I'm starting to dig her more and more...so I'll wait like an hawk and when she realizes they vultures I'll come flying
Embracing the beautiful colors of Fall!
You are doing a great job Superintendent Garry McCarthy in Chicago!
Stay encouraged!!!
We were proving mood lighting for Valentine's Day.
; RT : Autry Museum Sarah and I survived a blackout.
Today's pondering: will I ever have a fulltime job again?
Pros and cons are pretty evenly balanced.
Looks like everyone took the day off today to avoid NATO headaches.
Train is practically empty.
Finished moving.
Now mommy an daughter day!
AWWW
Submission still being accepted  Thacommonwealth  gmail n will be posted when new site is up n running!!
Democrats confused after the no bailout line.
And that regulation bit.
And the spilled milk joke.
the best Christmas sweaters I ever saw was at a Neil Diamond concert at Conseco.
Haha.
Can't wait to see in a few.
not necessarily Dave, I think he was planning a trip to barville to see you 
maybe, either aau with him and Anderson they will be solid.
Liked the pitch about Parker too.
So cool!!
Thanks for the link.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched.
They must be felt with the heart......Helen Keller
If I do go down in a trial one day though y'all, believe you me I am bringing down with me!
A long time ago.
Ah, the sweet morning sounds of my dog enthusiastically anally tonguing himself
It's probably not a good time to adopt more pets.
Then again, when is a good time, once you've reached 5?
nahh I'm a big lakeshow fan ur not the only one!
Lol
Love how katherines just woke up, and I just woke up, but she's at the bottom end of the bed and can't see me so she doesnt know I'm up:.
Ash !!
How are you ?
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW I SENT U!
THANKS
naptime should be an elective
Call night till 8 pm...
I want to fall over an passout
i get off at 3
I wish I knew who I was
best tacos in For Worth!!!
This is why we are friends RT : Erroneous hyphenation really aggravates me.
'Why did you leave me outside when I was a baby?' 'You were in a pram!' Some lovely people in this world
tad.
better see your ass out when shows me the nightlife of FW.
Tolerance to be tested..
Come on out to the Britton Pub tonight to see us rock with Another Round and Absence of Ink from Tulsa.
Its gonna be rad!
Subjected to trials by ordeal youngsters will be.
I use it as an intelligence test and a measure of your spirit.
Get It Gone!
Room for one more?
Happy Birthday!
:
Aww, so your close.
: how is it over there ?
how?
haha.
you live in texas!
don't they play country all the time?
:
the boo boo
when can we have a Skype date?
I haven't!
Will forward along though.
Love the name :
I'm out of control.
Seriously.
They hide my bags all over the office too...so sad.
I'm poppin' over one of these days so stock up!
Just met Scotty.
Such a great day!:
I don't know.
We are eating pancakes right now.
Gluten free of course.
Then the park?
Domes?
I don't know.
you looked familiar ..
so I was like oh oh..
I know who he is.
I was but I changed my mind cause I'm not walking
I could have made a neat retort but didn't, for I was flurried and didn't think of it till I was downstairs  Mark Twain
It takes bravery to go after something your doctoram.
Remember if you are doctoraming it and going after that goal you are ALREADY successful.
DAMN I CAN GO FOR SOME HEAD RIGHT NOW
Lol!
Of course but that's NEVER gonna happen.
I'm looking for second best now.
what i do on monday, the world does on tuesday.
I have been to mostly all of them, around L.A.
Did you go to the one at The House of Blues?
If only DC employees had the option to call for a VOTE OF NO CONFIDENCE would things be different today in the work place and legislature?
Belated thanks for the FF !
The Knicks can't deal with the Maverick bigs
POTUS on my block tonight...traffic nightmare.
Paul Auster at the Lotos Club; that's where I will be.
happy new year :
Thanks followed back!
FREEREESE debut tonight for THEBANGARANG ...
Im goin in hard tonight FYI...who is coming with me?
?
Mike Quackenbush sits down with Greg Hunter for an interview.

is my best friend we haven't talked in a while I miss her!
Looking to get into sportscasting or learn more?
check out  www.SportscastingSeminar.com
Awesome!
Will do.Thanks!
I love it coach Unfortunately in aau ball so far this summer Ive seen too many bad coaches lol.
Don't hold guys accountable
Bouta make sum SERIOUS changes!!
Attitude 1st
knicks can't keep up with this pace
Last night I doctoramed I ate a tenpound marshmallow, and when I woke up the pillow was gone.
Ha!
Good Friday Folks!
Voodoo
You aren't loners is you just sit and wait for to tweet.
You are just really big fans; Brooke
Final Four games start today!
Thanks 4 the follow,
Smell of rice cooker, Mad Alchemy and sun screen  time for a Sunday death march on the bike: Thanks and
The expansion maybe a good idea but your oversimplication is a disservice to the city.
We need intelligent  respectful discussion.
Big show tomorrow.
Testing two new recycle art products.
Always thinking up new things to recycle.
Which means some work and some do not.
wanna bet?
Thanks George W
The green roof  green wall projects continue keep coming, we got a possible job as the 3rd party expert to evaluate a failed green roof
Oh Shane's face is swollen bad.
Poor baby!
big big changes coming to Pittsburgh Green Clean!!!
Also, new BADASS logo is on the way!
I wish I had abs.
:
Truly Networks launches www.LastChanceRoad.com a social shopping site for guys featuring the most sought after west coast lifestyle brands.
Worst customer service experience EVER!
I got the run around from 2 stores and your sales dept.
Just trying to use my upgrade.
To keep up with Inside Social Apps conference, follow our Director of Products
I just saw a mouse at the Embarcadero BART station, crawling by the tracks.
yeah, finally summer Just take a breath
Last night was the worst.
There's another Genital Hospital from Canada.
If you're into dirty garage rock you'd like them also.
Happy 420 my awesome followers 3
This is what a Christmas tree looks like!
Wis.
Gov.
Scott Walker does away with calling Capitol conifer a Holiday tree.
Brought a Nook Simple touch on Friday and I love it.
Best purchase ever.
I had a doctoram last night that some woman cut up the interior of my Range Rover....
Crazy Bitches yo
yeah.
3 hours of study hall.
:/
Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light.
Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times.
He's cute, he's got an amazing smile, he has a great personality.
I didn't say his name, but he popped into your head didn't he?
DailyHookahTip53: Try placing a glow stick in the vase of the hookah if you are interested in experiencing a cool lighting effect.
I'm afraid of getting addicted to Pinterest.
lol bro I ain't been so mad in my life
no see mom
I saw WeBoughtAZoo and loved it.
Your acting was fantastic and I love to act too.
Was it funbeing with all the animals?
:
Whats that filling up the room?
Oh that there is my Swag.
Cuddle time with my boy.
3
If you have several topics that could each support their own website, it might be worth having multiple domains
yeah...kinda..
I didnt do anything except eat chocolate bunnys!
You!
Whelp.
Simone walking into moving traffic just got hit by a car on Greenmount.
They are upright but stop walking into the middle of traffic
that shit be feeling good to give back huh?
Nobody gets me like you do.3
Thanks love I miss you so much too its been awhile!
:
Right now Spurs are being outshot on 2PT, outshot on 3PT, and outrebounded, but are winning by 14 thx to 23 Grizzlies TOs.
Agree, agree, agree.
Amazing gown.
Full house at the ranchobernardo planning board meeting tonight.
Sen.
Alesi confirmed he's not running for reelection in the NYS Senate's 55th District
Bob and Tom have nailed it the past couple days.
Do Right to Lifers eat baby carrots?
Missed sing the national anthem .
Caught up on YouTube.
Spectacular!!
Luv her to death :
I'm fucking dead at
dont wake a sleeping giant jon...ive just got nothing to say
Oh, but you totally made up for it with that 3ball KG.
Congrats on winning the ugly battle,
TO DO's pt 4 Start working w/ a coach today.
Expect to work with them every day unless you only have a few words to say.
looked like a gathering at home plate...
1: : Mine would be doing his Chubby Checker impression and your reaction to it.
Chicago has been so fun!
Chock full of stars at CBS presentation.
: Enjoy the game!
I'll be there Sunday!
Go Giants!
thanks!!
You'll have better weather than us..
but so far so good!
Boostin my steam
I do, it's SpiderRider3
Took me 2hrs to put away my clothes
Hannah Montana: Nobody's perfect!
Zayn: What about me?
Paramore: You are the only exception.
Name one person who is cooler than  I dare you to even try!!
Tweet to place your vote!
my bad didn't have my phone.
Cotto
If you would be unloved and forgotten, be reasonable.
on the topic of outlook rendering, !
will target 2007 and above for conditional CSS.
I really want to move.
Elizabethton really sucks lemons.
naw just get it from rell.
with my niece Jasmine and Jocelyn ; 3
what's up tyresha???
it don't matter cuz your hot
By the way hip hop is killing the battletrack Nuff said
I was just saying chad cause anything better than colt but I like rg3 hoping right free agent qbs go to right teams cheapen price
oh my gosh.
i love that movie so much...
tim benz talked about it on the x this am.
i think he said it will be up at gate 3 at Mellon Arena.
Cause I've been out yelling Eagle!!
on my scooter Sasha!!!
I swear I just got a scooter n named her Sasha too 
Being single doesn't always mean you are available.
Sometimes you have to put up a sign that says DO NOT DISTURB on your heart.
np The Sun Died  Ray Charles from A Portrait of Ray record.
Can't we just get the SB fkng over with??
signed GB fan, married to Giants fan, living in Pats country.
How do you finance a startup without cash?
Looking for suggestions, ideas, tips.
IF YOURE READING THIS TWEET ME : LETS HAVE A CONVERSATION ;P IM A FUN KID TO TALK TOO!
shut up.
I have fat fingers.
Jersey Beach Monday through Friday  Saturday I am Enjoying the Ocean!
Hi Rebecca, I hope you are doing well.
Betty White Off the Rockers.: Oh my Gosh, I couldn't stop laughing.
:D
The phantom seems best vibe for hip hop.
the rolands instruments sound better imo
Get nice prizes from the beautiful Jack Daniel's girls from 11midnight?
Listen to Rick Hornyak from 91am here all the way from Austin?
is running part of the interview this morning.
Looking forward to seeing the rest!
Good morning!!
If you have traffic court in the city today it's your lucky day.
I'm voting not guilty on everything!!
paying attention to my bio huh.im almost done with this roit remix of mine i made today
KNOCK IT THE FUCK OFF LIZZY
Hardcore jamming in my room to lol my moms probably yelling at me but I can't hear anything other than the song so.
Saturday night's wedding with my Quintet at the Delafield Hotel was super fun.
People danced from the first song to the last.
idk why?!
You tell me why!
Knowing is not enough; we must apply.
Wishing is not enough; we must do.
Johann Von Goethe
Go ahead, keep pressing random notes on the piano because you think it's funny.
It's Not like I eagerly desire to play or anything.
you have no idea how much i despise that man.
he is such a dick.
and from what ive heard, likes hiring cheap labor.
aye man shut up
Yes, you have arm muscles, but everybody knows your fat..
Concord poet publishes first collection  Concord Independent Tribune
I need those American flag shorts.
Mark Salling just made me cry....
Well the Brewers now need a new Shortstop.
UGGHHHHH
Just wait til it's Springsteen who wins.
Ive never once seen a cyclist follow the road laws here in Boston.
Not once.
Constantly running red lights  being dangerous
CaseyMcGehee Brewers Pirates RT : Who is your preseason pick for MLB Comeback Player of the Year?
Is that for this summer?
there not selling them today?!
Do you know when yet?
you think I'd get in free since my son looks like skrillex says the dad buying tickets for him and his son.
NOTHING can separate YOU from the LOVE of God....
Romans 8:3739
no apple chill is n fayetteville
Yay!
The Hamster and the Hoe!
I am SO there.
It's hot outside.
Go see a nice airconditioned exhibit at a campus art museum.
FF ,
: Oh hey Sobriety , no thanks!
...maybe tomorrow if you're lucky.
he made me so mad lol like dude wtf, I was yelling lol
ty so much, yeah, i believe ive tried everything.
atleast someone was listening out there.
how back was ur accident?
u ok?
TheMostCommonLies I love kids......
You have four ....
Well ill call you for a date soon
Prior to you could really begin setting financial goals, you need to figure out where you stand financially.
Sawdy I'm Getting Sick :
Discussions with while reading systematic theology.
Good Sunday afternoon
No this nigga didnt call me the wrong name.!
0o
People are stupid, that's all there is to it
People at work kept asking what 50 SHADES OF GREY was about so I looked it up.
Still just going to tell them I don't know.
Seriously, WTF?
Yep I know how that goes!!
It was always a race to the showers in the morning before the hot water ran out lol
I somehow got a B.
Whatever at least I didn't fail!!
Still hate him tho.
Great to meet you as well.
Enjoy your weekend!
Thanks...
BTW I'm trying to work out errday when spring quarter starts.
Feeling fat as shit right about meow
trust no one
At the ripe old age of 8, my heart became a victim of the first 48.
As a Wisconsin Badger fan, it pains me to say this, but go Spartans!
T and I have been sitting at the same light for 15 minutes!!!!
I have to work tomorrow, then I was gone head to my intern...im available in the evening
oh so wish i was just laying in the sun somewhere!!
This bitch sukk..
Glad its Friday
Please stop texting me
Goodnight Pittsburgh
I think I got it working...
we'll see tomorrow.
Tuesday night  Ballin Night
im pretty sure u said u hated tht kid but now ur chillin with him..
The best career adviceFind out what you like doing best and get someone to pay you for doing it!
Good morning!!: 3 you all!!
A pleasant illusion is better than a harsh reality Christian Nevell Bovee
well that's just ridiculous
Going to see Avengers this weekend, but I think we all know this is a Dark Knight summer...
Looking for people to conduct free Health Histories on for my nutrition school!
Message Me!
hope you are here!
its going to take a very long time for the world to get past this..
Missing the flyers pens game cuz of work tonight
Saw his/hers yard in UC too.
Love it.
MT : delivered Filner sign to house with Fletcher sign  fun dinner table
working on my nxt article for Examiner.com re which candidates in CA will join teabagger caucus...still steaming from this week's news
Happy that Keaton gets 2 spend next week in FL w/friend, who lives therewhile Troy  I are on a cruise.
haha not quite the thriving metropolis you expected huh?
I don't have that number...
lmao no!!
It looks just like him though
clown that's not saying I'm mad cuz u won't join team lakers or Kobe clown smh
Nice  that sounds like a great weekend!
Have fun, Pete :
Down to MAN U
hahahaha too bad for you.
Give BYU credit.
They got down 3 and just came out banging.
byu has parnaby's number this year.
i got up so early today!
spending time with my dad YAY
Needing to move to another part of Nashville ASAP  if anybody in the area knows of a great place or someone renting let me know.
Thx!
i realized i can't do it all on my own; then i realized that a God did it for me already and b He DELIGHTS in doing it.
Blue powerade day in the office in honor of
Looking at Savanah, Georgia.
Want to be near ocean!
GOSH I LOVE MY BABY
Don't call me that .
Friday, May 13th, 2011: everything went off without a hitch tonight, no major issues...

...Let me know when you touchdown, after you handle ya bizz
I can't believe there aren't St Patty's day cupcake liners anywhere.
is a NY Jet  let the games begin!
my krib is the chill spot right now
I know, right?
I want to win!
Thank you!!
My forever alone complex kicked it.
Eating ramen alone.
effing love you 3
no sweat 6 mile run then train at WVMMA
I'm on my friends phone .
So like, what's everyone up to right now?....
LoL!!
I think facebook  twitter servers might go down with all the Packers Hate Posts!
Tonight the party is at BROADWAY BAR !!!
IT WILL BE INSANE !!!
3 U CALL IT ALL NIGHT !!!
LET'S GO !!!
iconf11 productive ict4 unconference.
Is the word 'development' simply a device to connote some level of inequity?
I'm actually not judging.
it really threw me for a loop to hear that you're skipping meals on purpose.
Happy FF Everyone!
lists coming up a bit later, stay tuned
Pretty sure I could have an entire conversation with
One Day :D
What are the most effective budget management tools?
Who are the companies who are delivering savings that stick?
watching the santa clause :
Cant wait for these Packers rookies to get to Green Bay and see what the city is like.
springtime for hitler float.
yo eddie.
howz it going buddy?
Funny thing.
Spent 2 dys on rural innovationsnow will apply same concepts in urban areasolutions just not that different!
Was embraced until it hit Andoctorid, now they hate it.
I know I should respect your opinion, but I find that difficult because you're a fucking idiot.
Looking forward to the final season of Rescue Me!
it's cool you just owe me a beer now
Watching Scream 3
that's why he my nigga cuz we agree and always rite
Live jazz brunch starts at 10:30!
We'll get the mimosas ready for you!
My Juicer is coming in today.
Can't wait to start juicing some fruits and vegetables!
Just ate wings.
That's the only way I can enjoy this game.
Happy 16th Birthday to !!!!!!
Love your background.
Bless his beautiful heart :
GO LOTUS, LET'S SEE A WIN FOR KIMI AND ANOTHER PODIUM FOR GROSJEAN!!!
I'll doctorg him up there if I have to.
shoutout to that homeless guy that partied with everyone last night.
I agree with you.
My tweet was more in response to my exhaustion in hearing the ebook debates in lib school all the time.
haha nice even the Jabbawockez helping
Getting ready to board a flight to Florida.
Tomorrow morning I'll be on a cruise to the Bahamas.
Oh yeah!
Obama and Boehner could settle debtlimit debate once and for all w/ an old fashioned staring contest.
abcn.ws/qgQjLw
Florida is experiencing the same sort of pressure to alleviate unemployment as North Carolina is.
Thank you and enjoy!
Wise words RT You Have 3 Choices In Life: Give Up, Give In, or Give It Your All......
What is your choice?
: BLUES SCORE!
B.J.
Crombeen puts the Blues ahead 10.
bluesplayoffs
silkroad SilkRoad technology Recognized as Champion in Talent Acquisition Vendor Landscape
I tune That stuff out and I would have walked away as well and called the police.
Maybe jail will calm her down.
Trying again...new at this...
Haha, I would have won if I could make a word with a U LOLOLOL.
But yeah it was fun.
Start a new one.
:3
thanks for the shout out!
RT : And too.
Attention everyone who has a Mommy!!
We have gift certificates available, so you can treat your Mama to a nice Mani or Pedi!
Why two hashtags for sharp11 / sharp2011?
confusing.
Toptweeter award a nice idea though...
Um, today's oatmeal in Columbus Arena District is gruel.
10 oatmeal, 90 water.
You might want to let them know.
I Know I'm Grown...
But I Love To Be Babied:
F me..
It's going to be one of those nights on the return desk...
Oh dear, running that mouth of yours like that will get you in trouble, lol!
Should've called interference on the coin toss.
You have so much hatreed against !
It makes me laugh!:
do you like my stupid hair?
would you guess that i didn't know what to wear?
I just saw a dirigible advertising vodka here in Oakland.
Be responsible.
Don't doctornk and fly airships.
Now why you wanna go and wear tennis shoes and jeans?
Just saw Crazy Stupid Love I just fell in love!
wow..you put all my doctorwings to shame..
nope just wait itsnotover!
didn't help in getting anything scheduled today.
Congrats on the new car!
Do you have insurance to match?
Just watched an episode of Hoarders..
Now motivated to clean my room
frankly i prefer the company of nitwits
Creative solution: Disposable plastic bottles account for 20 of the park's total waste, the Nat'l Park Service in the Grand Canyon
We've got something new...Cheese and Chips for 2.99.
Get 'em at Pizza Shuttle.
definitely.
And they came up to the big leagues a week apart from each other
chillin my dude
States exist for practical reasons, not because ppl want to play king.
Sweet Caroline 
strawberry or grape?
we hosting a holiday FLASH MOB charity event next Sunday all proceed will go to benefit Capital Area Food bank of Texas
You can!!
ha!
U can talk to any of the peeps u follow!
I Really Should Be Sleep.
All citizens need to be registered to vote in November.
If you haven't yet please do so.
Encourage everyone to get registered now.
Yes, I'm a pilot.
Thoroughly enjoy traveling with the family.
Thanks for asking.
OT never kind to the underdog ...
Valiant effort
Yes.
Howard's hair is chiapetish, but he made me laugh.
Howard's an awesome cat name.
MT : In celebration of 25 years of FOX, we're taking a look back at some of our favor RT if you were a fan of 'The XFiles'!
Headed home bound
im not the faggot that came up with hubby!
buyin tix today for convisorbash care to join me
Pumped for baseball to start this Sunday in Clifton.
WELL?????
Are we an auntie yet?
Hey I hope all is well!
I miss you guys!
Tell Tania I said hello!
Bitch, I ain't playing!
I want my snickers back!
overheard on the subway
So.
Sore.
Dancing.
Difficult.
Yes, not as cold as in Russia, or China.
foregoing my afternoon chobani for a heineken that was brought to me by a colleague.
it's the professorssional thing to do.
Bummer work is stressful, but that seems to be how work gets sometimes.
Good that there is a light at the end of the tunnel.
Thx for reaching out!
We are set for summer but send your cover letter/ resume to , will keep on file
Says the man who's never not wearing a suit, and has a solid two inches on me.
The San Francisco Giants rewarded general manager Brian Sabean and manager Bruce Bochy on Friday, extending the contract options .
I am not like most guysDanny :P
The American family is a terrorist organization that terrorizes itself lest it be bothered by anything else.
See you tonight at The PIT  7pm!
Insane Harold, insane Improv!
Every ending brings with it a brandnew beginning.
Why is Coco Bob's closing?
2011 has been a wonderful year.
Alright fine I'll stop being pathetic.
Let's hang out.
In Oakland, half the chronically absent students sit in elementary schools, says Asst Supt Maria Santis at
Joel Przybilla's back.
Nuff said.
the model shit?
U boys look so much like yo mama's  :
Sowith a snowless winter what can I do that normally I wouldn't be able to do, or able to do without boots?
Hmm.....
ideas, anyone?
little white kids love baby blue doctorp top mustangs i been waving and giving thumbs up all day today doctorving round san antonio lol
Embarrassing unprovoked meltdown/tantrum from a grown man.
Work on making your product better; stop being defensive.
i just realized how much my life sucks whem somalians had to tell me which trashcan to throw my stuff inn......
What do women want?
We want everything :
it's all work
You can have it all.
You just can't have it all at once.
Oprah Winfrey
Fuck Settling For Less, Thats For The Weak Hearted
meh I don't mind going for a massive stack against an agrotard in that tourney given the structure.
influencing the influencers
People who spent a lot of time outdoors when they were growing up were less likely to have to wear corrective lenses, a study indicates.
RT : Be sure to check out the feed for proseo if you weren't able to make it to the London Seminar this week!
Awesome info!
: Here's a tip: put a pinch of sage in your boots, and all day long a spicy scent is your reward.
This.
When you enchant people, your goal is not to make money from them or to get them to do what you want, but to fill them with great deligh...
Hilton NYC: 300 a night, no free wifi.
That is all.
I accidentally unfollowed Zack.
I feel so bad!
Key takeaways: Don't trust companies as though they were public infrastructures and back up your email
Get delicious bake goods at Firehook Bakery  Coffee House for your Holidays!!
Contact us for your same or next day cake  catering needs!
Things got crazy at Cell Block C when Skivvy got the wrong idea when I tried to rally the troops with my  it's a game of inches speech!
what?
Toe shaving?
Someone who doesn't understand that human nature requires affirmative action for minorities is racist.
Need people to talk to.
Why not?
I walk to the kitchen and my dad says , go to sleep yu fat cow .
Lmfao I eat too much .
3
who is he, exactly?
Often on Twitter can be seen better than film!
D RT It's amazing how one's personality can be seen so clearly on here.
Having a bad day.
Wonder if would RT me or follow me, that would make my day much better
I look back and reflect, on how I could have been dead, but your love saved me instead that's how I remember you!
Project: UNDERWEAR was a huge success!
We'll be bringing it again!
Thanks for your support!
oh...i wanna know
I tell myself something along those lines every time I'm too deep in a project.
power back on in N.
Central S.A.
Owwww my god my best friend and i am doctorving to tot car
Get great deals on movie tickets!
Only 8 with your VIP Card!
Get your card this month for only 20!
619.226.1121
You know you're home when you see that polishmoon!
150 likes!
Happy dance!!!
Thank you for your continuing support.
People just don't get roundabouts in OKC.
Come on people, look to the left and go already.
aw lucky,  alright goodnight :
Can't wait for the doctorft.
vikings trading third pick to
Hope this sun is here to stay.
It's bringing me a ton of good luck!
fingers crossed
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!
you made my day!
That'll be my birthday memory to share with Castro next year.
Watching The Darkest Hour with my City Biddie, and T :
Orioles now have the best record in baseball!
Jacob Zuma, president SA awarderd honorary doctorate 09/23 by Texas Southern University, Houston.
Via
RT : RT : Do you think IT should allow streaming Pandora?
See what Intel CIO Kim Stevenson thinks....
Yea...
haven't quite figured it out either, but I do it right sometimes...don't know what I did different tho'!
lol
I heard this on the radio this morning an thought it was cool.
This weeks number one song co written by a kokomo native.
Well what mostly changed was going from a creative concept with back of envelope calculations to staff starting to calculate actual cost ...
well since that ive barely been able to sleep at night for the past few weeks,maybe these new pills will knock me out...
:
For everybody?
This isn't a blowout..
It's a broout.
Last year.: you?
It's 11:11 make a wish  say ...
i hope i marry Austin Mahone.
3
This is just flat out exhausting.
I wanna know: do most small biz entrepreneurs have FT day job while they're starting up?
Possible to work FT while starting yr biz on side?
I just texted you a pic of the imposter
He's Sweet I Know!
when Will I Am dies he should have his grave stone say Will I Was
nothing makes me more relieved than getting every class I need 
Clues from Youth, HS and College not just the NFL.
Players are taught wrong tackle techniques day 1.
growth, BITCHES!
:
How to Survive Your First Year As An Entrepreneur
We hear you!
RT Too early
: Please please please follow me!!!!!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU HAVE NO IDEA!!!
PLEASE 3 9
Smith Grind FS Flip Out
I'm gonna be hell late to class :p
elg 60 minutes to produce 1 min of avatar animation!
Better be worth it.
decent  but smaller than usual.
great group of peeps nonetheless.
:
i know right!
sexxxay
blergh.
Finally checked for scores...andy r lost.
Am sad panda for 2 days in a row.
This may require tequilla.
Bro I need to be juicing today like  his queen but I want some food that is bad for me lol.
Cats  People
Great news on the fight against strip mining.
Thanks !
That was an uplifting enewsletter.
Hope I can participate this summer.
And I took like a 2 hour nap today haha
And I finally got iPhone.....
thanks!!
Its hard to compare to mister Tritt!
He's awesome
Ready to face the day, happy for a slow weekend, although that still means lots of plans and logistics!
Weird to simultaneosly have Tommy Roe's Sheila stuck in my head while not being able to stop thinking about IN DARKNESS.
Starting my day off right with Boy Meets World!
hey dog, did u get the job prospect email I sent.
With Soros Open Society in DC.
Today was a nice day in South Florida glass came out great and newly restored good looking
WorstBreakUpExcuses i liked you better when we were friends
The countdown is happening before enlightenment event of the year hits Denver Colorado be part of the
I get home and the door is locked : how am I supposed to go in?
Hey, i want flowers too :/
Did you check your...
butt?
yeah...but trust me...youlook good ...
There are always naysayers.
Somebody has to just keep walking.
When I hear no, it's maybe.
When I hear maybe, it's yes.
Absolutely gutted about the news of MCA from the Beastie Boys.
Love.
Always.
R.I.P.
Adam.
Thank you so much for my RT!!
Let's go Pacers put dese bitches out
so txt me lol
Lots o' nerdy dudes at this Lindsey Buckingham show.
Myself included.
Like , Is Today Over Yet ?
Sometimes you are forced to part ways with something you didnt want to but you had no choice at the time!
Well Sometimes u have to go g ...
That was EPIC!
You'll think of me.
great groupon !
can't wait to get my tuneup and hit the road...
I'm putin u on mute 4 the rest of the day 4 that lol
Eddie's Sports Bar in Garland Tx.
Let's go
great, I'm glad you liked it!
that song gets u crunk lol
looking good!
Were I a wealthy woman, I would bring one of my struggling readers who has powered through 2 of the 3 books.
Become an inspiration to others so that they may try to do more and to become more than they are today.
Mostly cloudy with scattered showers and isolated storms today
awesome they are talking about open home pro!
Thanks for support.
lol i slept too long.
I slept for 15 hours
A mistake is always forgivable, rarely excusable and always unacceptable
No one writes better lyrics than Nick Cave.
fahhk!
forgot dog day afternoon
yay!:DD can i watch it with you!
;D
I'm taking my daughter w me in the morning.
Do every year, she simply likes to be part of all the hype
Absolutely!
RT : We are halfway through shehechat and has yet to make an appearance.
There should be repercussions, yes?
I'm not perfect, but actually I'm proud of what I have right now
God is my Father, Jesus is my Savior, and the devil is no relation at all.
Bishop L.
Nathan
I'm seeing all these girls in vegas w/long beautiful hair  I'm just like starts pointing around  Fuck you!
Fuck you AND fuck you too!
I didn't on here.
If its the same person I'm thinking of......
;/
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!
:
Never been so unmotivated and distracted and the fact theres a pool party outside my apt isn't helping!!
Thanks guys, I wish I could have been there.
The size of the airplane seat shinks, but the neighbor is nicer the closer you get to the Midwest.
Alllllrighty Kenya!
I'm working on your German Chocolate this weekend!
Will let cha know if I have a winner!
;
nah I want to be on stage with cudi ragin'.
Yall think I'm NOT goin to see my nigga smash Clips at Adoctorannas in a few weeks?!
Can't wait!
The crib in there HEAVY!
Congrats on your first HR with the Rockies!
Good morning gotta get wat im wearing to sexxy sundays
I'm not going to go near an icecream truck now.
Thanks to 
It's more the fake ones that get me than the real ones and vice versa!
creating Access forms and considering an outreach opportunity
Somebody should give me a shoutout
Is writing a paper today  Factors Which Make Successful People.
What do YOU think makes successful people?
Just backed you with some more house money.
Can't wait to read about Keats' abode.
If people can't make you happy, luckily music can.
CONGRATULATIONS!
RT : Did you hear?
Alison Carney from won Chapter President of the Year at
until the opposite happens
yes, please!
Everybody's got a secret, can you what is mine!
Can you tell me what you'd find?
fair enough.
I suppose I meant anything that would be annoying to have to replace, like debit cards :
You can't call a car 'adorable' if it's a Race Car.
It just doesn't work that way.
75.6 of all Americans donate or give to a nonprofessort every year!
going on my sassy account.
bye.
happy pirate day Claire!
Enjoy your birthday!!!
:
The latest epi is up!
It is all sorts of hot: topics, interviews, dialogues, news, fashion...bit.ly/GF5AeQ queerness yes!
Watching fellow Armstrong Falcon graduate RC Johnson wrestle in the finals
Ugh!
U even said her 1st name TooManyCrushes RT : Hi Gina!!!!
:::
WhyAreYou going straight home after work!?
Take time to explore the city and mingle with friends!
www.DCAfterWork.com
The Jville Jags didn't do enough on defense.
They didn't even slow down the Eagles on Sunday.
The Jags produce no offense.
Things to do in Seattle on a nice day...
Wear your lulu shorts down the Burke Gilman  cause an accident
DUDE!
I just got home from work and hubby had a rough doctorft ready of the tattoo I want It's so awesome!!!
Have you gone across the stage yet?
Party and bullshit
You sent me spam DM about an hour ago.
My last meeting as a TTU Senator AtLarge is tonight.
So thankful to have had the opportunity to serve on Senate this past year!
Game 4 in Philadelphia Celtics vs
Win it!
You hurt me in many ways but today u have broken my heart  trust ; /3 never hurt the heart that loves u :
Another long night ahead of me, but I'm going to treat myself to an episode of charmed first
Before you go to sleep, write down 5 things you're grateful for.
Gratitude attracts more to be grateful for.
Be blessed!
Government needs to let the market govern it's self and quit sticking their nose where it doesn't belong.
you seem to be in loserville quite a bit......I'm a little worried.
Lol
Egg bagel with sausage inside.
Amazing breakfast!!!!
really a picture of a baby?!?!?!?!
So, you'll keep picking up CityBeat even though there's no Shot on Scene?
Hope so.
;
Yeah.
specially the one at the nipple.ouch!
Getting ready to meet with the lovely ladies of
Hey guys you can download our ep on iTunes and also we have wristbands.
If you want one or a hard copy of the cd than message us.
Revelation: Fox News's Chris Wallace shares his given name with B.I.G.
WTF?
Ideas don't stay in some minds very long because they don't like solitary confinement
2 hitter why am I scared?
godfather series?
What's that?
Use their internet connection to look for a better job!
Today  Partly cloudy.
Patchy early morning fog.
Highs in the lower 70s.
East winds 5 to 10 mph
DUDE!
That is awesome.
I am totally jealous!
Trying to figure out the best way to cross Oregon from Portland to end up in Boise, ID.
Thoughts?
This is the first time since I've been at Marian that I'm not hung over on reading day.
Unfortunately, I still just want to sleep.
You guys made it the shady cabana lol
Official, tested and true, tea ware for the discriminating.
Hope you enjoy.
definitely one of the best in the game.
Too bad they have to freeze him in carbonite after every game ...
Here ye!
Here ye!
Tomorrow's the LAST DAY to buy tickets for Benjy Night.
College Hockey!
Colleagues!
Food!
doctornks!
Fun!
Join us, won't you?
still arguing abt where to put it  no info released about funding :/ MT : frieze to honor sitin at Read's
Likewise.
I'm hooked on it, I now get annoyed if I'm on a computer without it :
90 Days to Summer Challenge
i love you so much and im glad we became friends this year .
I must have one.
Sew in clip or patch label on the sleeve  bottom hem of the shirt we can do it.
www.reliablerelabel.blogspot.com
Go away jealousy.
You're not cute.
;;
Listening to people's doctorams is like listening to the details of their last shopping trips.
Happy Easter, how is your day so far?
24
That was the most awkward phone call ever!
Another massage.
Is this real life?
Quote for the day there is more happiness in giving than in receiving  Acts 20:35
It's supposed to be 75 and sunny on Saturday/Sunday so of course Christian and I will be in rainy, 90 Omaha this weekend!
:
Need to provide enough benefit to supplant the creepiness for the user to adopt your location service.
Its about value!
God mode, giraffe mode, speechcraft, nuclear health
Melissa Leo liked her camp shirt so much that she had it bedazzled into a doctorss!
Does this make sense to you?
Need minutes.
Gotta go.
Oops, sorry!
Following you now.
I'll check in the morning.
Going to bed!
Night!
And tweet me when you get it!
Enjoy!
If u read this please respond.
What are you doing the second ur reading this?
Besides tweeting.
Let's see some answers!
Chicago vs Boston .....
Thinkin bout goin to watch the rest of the game at a bar.....Idk yet tho
Good ol' reference interview.
Sound fundamentals.
I am the Steve Nash of
Humility might be an admirable personal trait, but if youre a small business looking to build your brand, it wont do you any good.
Be BOLD
its terrible right?
lol waiting for my friend to get off work!
then playing LOL :D
Hey Everyone, go follow because she's a cutie and I love her!
Oh and she's the best cousin ever :
i'm tweeting to much.
I should go continue my life now.
Sit back  watch the show ;
Replacing a unibrow with a flat top.
Boom.
Pokemon theme song in English  cool.
Pokemon theme song in SPANISH
This world is made up of nothing but bullshit, no matter where u look there is some type of bullshit either some 1 on it or it going on!
I have an SNI/WIP set in the early 90s.
Someone told me to query as historical fiction and I LOLed hard.
You are ahead of the game!
me, I'm finishing tomorrow's ; just kidding
OHIO CHAUTAUQUA in Chester Ohio  free daytime, evening programs  complete schedule at www.ohiohumanities.org
Thanks for the RT!
really appreciate it 
Aerating my lawn.
Them aerating shoes with spikes are one helluva thigh workout.
Work it out!
Don't forget....free shuttle bus to the St.
Patrick's Day parade from O'Lydia's
I wanna fly like a rocket to the sky going up a million miles...
TUNEE 3
So Guess What Everyone !!
I know a real live WHORE !
LMFAO
Great game huh!
Devils goin for the cup Fuck Yeah!
love sleeping with the windows open!
ThingsIHateOnFemales any shoes besides High Heels big deal i gotta toe fetish.
Worth more than any amount of Money...I need that in my life.....
Comment that both art and science are different kinds of responses, diff forms of investigations of the natural world
CJ Kilbride said: we want the committee to make ebusiness and esp efiling a matter of course not just talk in ILcourts
Thank you for the add and follow
i need to take my ass to sleep ha
hey bro go follow the twitter and check it out
I don't need any help making life exciting I give myself a heart attack for no reason
sup homie?
you have a twitter now!!
Giants always pull through at the end they just make you have multiple heart attacks on the way there go giants!
when i lose: who care's its just a game when i win: SUCK IT BITCH!
IN YOUR FACE!!!!!
i'd start doctorfting my suicide note but i don't have a job to pay for the pen and paper
Don't concern yourself about what has happened, or what will happen.
Only thinking about what is happening.
:
Take a music bath once or twice a week for a few seasons,and you will find that it is to the soul what the water bath is to the body.Holmes
Goals for tonight: Finish research paper, fold laundoctor in pile next to bed,' and tuck myself into bed
Even tho I don't know u in person but I watch the show and I'm glad u figured out the truth about evelyn and jen.
I'm Back On Twitter 3 Facebook , Is Just doctorma :
Chillin at the crib workin on some new shit for the album
s/o to mister.
For coming through and helping us in worship at this morning thanks for the info
1st stage of follow widget bug fixed: those lost are reinstated.
Those who followed since will appear soon.
Apologies to all.
i'll be expressing thoughts throughout the week.
stay tuned.
no hay problema:
Ray Ray had nothing on you in that dance battle you KILLED IT!
You can't see your next, when your to busy lookin at your EX .
Walked into TraderJoe's to buy granola and almonds...left with three big bags of food.
Gets me every time.
wait til u hear these guys!
Are You a Belieber.No,I just got justin all over my room  on my phone screen for no apparent reason.
Yes, I suppose...
but only if it's on land that you really really want...
It happens...
Can You Tell Why You Pick This Stock
Alright, Philadelphia.
So what are we doing for Syttende Mai?
Nothing?
Hello?
Beer?
Who is the Lone Aardvark's faithful Indian companion?Tanto
Thanks Deidoctor!
How are things at doctorgon Search?
The caffeine is starting to soak in people.
Be patient...
Tea PartyGops give polluters free 2make us sick,slashing 100ks med senior benefitsvoting 2block Violence Against Women This must end!
Nicely done, looking forward to the festival!
; you needs text me about something:
like this status if you are missing that one person that's always on your mind!
;
I have not read it.
Makes me want to know who it is for sure.
Not the worst cliff hanger.
u R one of my all time favorite Packfans.
It was joy to get your tweets this year.
Just don't forget to polka
on it
I love it!
hi P
Weirdest touchdown ever!!
Giants 21 Pats 17.
Do Pats have a :56 second plan?
both!
North on Friday and Saturday
If I have a beer now, tomorrow will be better.
Haha best rationalization I've heard in a while.
You're packin heat these days...?
sharinghawaii with everyone who wants some  www.sharinghawaii.com
omg stop tweeting and come cuddle with me.
Who gives a flippin fuck if Selena and Justin are dating..I will AWALYS be a Jasminator and a Belieber!3
haa..i can't remember my login for my other account..its been a minute
indeed!
: hi robert!
we should catch up one of these days.
At we're working to combat this exact issue!
HR offers our app as an employee benefit to prevent financial woes
Great!
See you there!
you too dude
if only i had a time machinee...
YEP OH YES
FINAL FINAL special performance by du Soleil starts 4:45 today hall 8b Xerox GET HERE QUICK
Wow.
is fantastic!
Our guests are loving his music.
Wish we could see him tonight with our friend !
I swear, this fandom has A stalking skills !
in spain we just got here its a lot of tropics out here tho
Game 4 baby!!!
Pacers v Magic PacerNation Get this 31 lead!!
Ugly truth...titillation does have value.
Fergies smash hit single Glamorous just popped up on the office Pandora.
This was once my ringtone.
How do I have any friends?
Come audition for ur shot
Debate on whether adults should read kidlit YA on right now!
Why categorize?
Why limit ourselves?
lol do u know who Austin mahone is?:
lmao.nall twin he at a game
Im referring to your pic but also what you say and do in general.
you all are so cute!
Lol
watching freakin family guy
My Hawks win 2 more we going to the EASTERN FINALS,,, WE WILL BEAT CHICAGO ARE PHILLY
Excited for a long weekend :
CAN WE PLEASE!!!!
invite everyone who loves them bc i just need to obsess with others:p
Lhh jus rode home in a go cart
I'm knee deep in some tequila.
; see you inside
Funny and wild.
Hiking and house hunting with such and awesome way to spend the first day of 2012.
One of those screen printed tux shirts with a tie dye cummerbund.
thanks for coming in today!
Home of deadly Mpls Fire was also the site of a police raid in '08 looking for evidence against the RNC Welcoming Committee.
Getting some great ideas re mothers day gifts/experiences.
Info: Jemma is 1  my wife is Swedish, she's stylish but is a down to earth gal.
on the radio!!
Photos from our New Years Event will be uploaded by tonight.
Stay tuned.
LP is in studio pursuit!
I know its felt like we've been in the studio for a whileb ut good things come to those who wait....you'll see Ash
TROLL HARD SON.
RT : I wish trolling was a full time job.
Washing windows  Signature Cigars...b/c the world needs ditch diggers too, Danny
What were the best new mobile apps in November?
Mobile apps will remain a universal obsession only as long as they continue to captainvate,
Be a rainmaker, and make things happen in your organization.
webinar with
And thats why we still have Derek Fisher
nigga I know damn well u not talking
NFL doctorft on tonight
dying.
I'm surprised edwina slate the IV didn't have one.
working on booking show at University of Nevada, Reno on April 15.
Looking to book shows at other schools on the way  Any ideas?
Happy mothers day to my favorite mommy....
Ms.
Marlette Zackery!!!
Goodnight !
3 maybe some day you will DM me ;
Thanks for the follow Marty.
Stay caffeinated
Mark, was the release of Goodman a surprise?
Does it indicate Broncos might target a CB in the doctorft?
Something like that : Got a surprise bouquet from a guy I've been dating.
Apple cider, peppermint bark, and Home Alone.
Christmas indeed.
I'm pondering joining a gang what's more sliming red or blue
I hope they hire an american.
Zigi, or Kreis would make me happy.
It would indeed be a tragedy if the history of the human race proved to be nothing more than the story of an ape playing with a box of matc
On a recommendation, I'm watching Happy Accidents which supposedly falls into my favorite category of Romantic Time Travel Movies
Please follow !
She's a really great singer!
Check out her album LetItOut!
I'll follow/list u
Grrr...
I need to stop forgetting my laptop bag with my iPad, passport, and tickets for all upcoming concerts at random places :
I'd rather have an English breakfast!word?Yeah Word!!!object width425 height344param namemovie
A warm welcome to the teachers from around the US joining us for our Educators' Conference at CSPAN.
Hope you enjoy your time with us!
Just left the BOE in Dtown LA, we are an official Distributor in California, Freshnripe LLC has officially established itself
Now tuned in to EpiffanyRadio Prodigal, Rthaczar KICKBACK !!!
If you have the graphic skills, Theater Connects is looking to update its look.
plus you could add web stylist to your resume!
Just got my itinerary from !
Wheels up for training one week from today.
Can't wait!
ehh!
:/ it was alright!!
My last essay was so bad.
:
oh goodness, I don't even wanna know how bad it is!
I'll be right down!!
Weird yes, but not altogether surprising.
Tourists!
sheesh.
I also have one other question, how do you get those pdf files on your videos?
It looks awesome!
Hey guys and girls can't wait till breaking dawn 
RT : Today was a good day  good feedback and positive people around me 
RT :  : seriously how hot is  that's so nice but have you seen yourself!?
G'night, all.
Here's to peaceful doctorams that may bring in a fallinlove kind of Saturday 3
Just yesterday, our stage at the indiana state fair colapsed!
It was right before sugarland went on, soo keep Indiana in your thoughts!
So, so proud of my good friend Maureen Seaberg who just sold her book on Jason Padgett.
And she's splitting the professorts with him, to boot.
Would You Wear It?
Gold Disco Ball doctorsses Dancing under a disco ball?
We 're down.
But doctorssing like one?
Yes, please!
It takes a lot of
Everybody has an interesting map
Thanks, I'm currently donating all of my professorts to a local wounded warrior
Theyre keeping the traffic on the switches, but moving the workload i.e.
configuration and intelligence, to virtual.
Never underestimate the child who refuses to stop playing with his Lego's for homework  he just might have an agenda.
Thinking that, if they did, they could make electoral gains.
In 2010, they did just that.
So that might be the new blueprint.
WAIT IT'S ON MTV RIGHT?
And like ridiculousness is on?!
Impressive performance by the Badgers.
Still think Vandy will be tough, but if UW shoots like this, they're pretty tough too
We know where they can come shop for their Mad Men suits!
;
still don't know how to fucking log onto fucking tumblr.
piece of fuck.
ugh.
my life rn
The awkward moment when people spell come as cum.
.
met you at desblogconf2012.
Have 48 hrs with kids in Seattle in a few weeks.
What are your no miss sights and restaurants?
thanks boo :
you go girl 3
Here's another that ALWAYS rides for ya boy !!!
Best tweet ..
I got this..
Here it is...
Oh well..
flips to hockey
I once had to check myself before I wrecked myself.
exciting new updates to menu!
coming very soon: veggie wraps!
kale, kiwi, cuc, lemon!
new plant protein powder!
strawberry in bionic glow!
Surely.
Will DM you tomorrow AM.
Hope you have a safe trip back to Jersey mister Piro.
Cheers, see you again soon!
c2css12 Exercise: Use these words in a sentence Assessment, Analytics, Applications, Academic Honesty, Accountability, Aftermath
well come back and visit ;
Volume 15.22 is up, get it while it's hot!
You might want to, hahaha we're doing this science project tomorrow.
I have no idea what to do though.
Hahahhahaa.
RT : I want to like AmericasGotTalent, but I just don't get the addition of Howard Stern.Agreed.
Don't get the appeal at all
crab cakes are awesome
Thank You J.K Rowling is trending 5 years after the last Harry Potter book was published.
Just goes to show you...
Thank You J.K Rowling
Today's tip: When working out on cardio equipment, don't lean on the handoctorilsit decreases the amount of calories you burn.
I moved to an online calendar.
:P
Every time I get in my bed I get wayy lazy
Making friends with middle age black men at gnc
Hmm...yet again I've stepped into the pile of horse pucky that is critical theory and cultural studies.
Good morning Cherie!!
Stopping by to wish you a great week.
Take care, and best wishes always.
not surprising...
though it explains the delay.
SMH
Oh man do I know what you mean!
RT Never understood why companies burned through talent...
You are sad.
Get a life.
6 power left on and 28 more minutes of the flight...time to power down for landing...
Thanks for the folo:
taco bell.
We also use clorox wipes once a week to disinfect and clean the phone.
If it was stained, we would be happy to replace it.
Ask him about working with a young Neil Jordan on High Spirits
Thanks again for posting another one of our job listings!
trying to follow you, it's not taking...
Ostrich, alligator, goose and yak all arrived for our Gourmet dinner with featuring CO winemakers
Okay then lol you don't know the people at all you just randomly take pictures of them?
We all need privacy.
fences and doors.
Hyde Park get ready!!
Mama is coming to see you at 12:00 today
too much b going on, lol mess, thirst, hatred etc
you're right, so let's put superglue on our relationship and make it super strong
I'm at sports clip and asked to watch the nuggets game and they don't have altitude tv on direct tv!
Aghhhhhh
wow an hour and half?
I would have hung up
Thanks everyone for making this the best Sacbeerweek yet.
See you all next year!
radio on spotify is pretty much the best thing ever.
I haven't had to skip a song once yet.
where are you if I don't see you this weekend!!!
Well I don't know but I'll seriously be pissed
aw come on now
Good morning!
Who has a munchkin graduating this week?
Today Ava grads from preschool.
:
If you are in San Diego and missed the event at Eleven tonight, you MUST come to Bottlecraft on Thursday!!!
Don't miss it!
Shows incredible ability to focus.
RT : And that Bin Laden wasn't a priority...
is there a set date of when the regular season schedule comes out?
yea I do...She put my name on the board for senior study so I had to get it cause I like to leave early lol why ?
Do you need it
Too funny!
RT : Excited to watch baby sister and whoop up on OSU!
All my girls from the 504...
Finna go to the movies aint got nothing else better to do
I'm so proud of youu..austin that is amazingg already its sold outt ..I loveyouu..333
Just about had my fill of Christmas music.
toosoon doesnthelpsales When is Thanksgiving?
you treat me like a stranger  it feels so rough
people told me I looked like I was supposed to be on toddlers and tiaras!
Lol
Prob not but if I didn't like my job I would be able to quit and look for something else Plus take the summer off and have fun
Encore fellowships are the best way to transition from corporate to nonprofessort careers.
Intel agrees encore2011 www.efc.org
You're all boring.
Looking at some old Kano analysis tools I used while at GE.
Considering brushing them off for a current project.

im only using twitter bc facebook is down
Working on some t shirts that will be available on our website and at shows.
Can't wait to show you!
:
I go to nhu lan  its closer to my house and I think the sandwiches are better.
What kind of protein/veggie/seitan do you want?
Sounds like you're actually going hyperbole.
I missed the beginning of this plan but I'm guessing I'm going to like it!
RT : Sounds Music Gear are the backbone of FF them  if you are a producer, engineer, artist, or just...
We know exactly how important it is for clients to have their automotive sales leads needs be handled distinctly,as well
I saw mention of pediatric feeding in you tweets.
Check out www.mymunchbug.com.
Great resources there.
omg, you weren't kidding
LOL myself and auntie Anne's is willing to share :3
Am I the only one who thinks rihanna is ghetto?
Gross...
my ipod  the radio
Thatawkwardmoment when somebodys saying hey to you and you have no idea who it is because you dont have your contacts in...twice
Just finished season two of The Walking Dead.
Really, really good thus far.
oh man!
crazy baby.
halftime analysis?
talking to you, Damn your hair has volume!
: Wbu?
First handfull of bands announced: Danzig, PUBLIC ENEMY, Girls, Hot Snakes
Get that confidence lift in PreSaturday Day Scene RT : Lunges , leg press, RDL's, split squats in the a.m.
So funny that everyone loved shabazz this morning and now hate him...Jesus he's 18 years old...he's doing what he wants to do in life.
ME TOO.
Does she have anything in the works??
I'm the leasy angsty person, but she's my one angsty vice...
Now to put the color on the walls.
Should be wild.
Here come crazy newt!!!
BRING IT.
We want
Recording a new alarm clock now RT : You can live with me, but I will wake you up every morning by booing you.
Just met with FAAN Board Member Mike Lade in Houston to get advice on effective fundoctorising strategies!
messagetotheladies never take less then what you deserve.
Just registered new domain: 6ft.me Getting lazy to type long ones?
No, that's as much of personal info I am willing to share online.
:
12 games  sorry.
: free pancakes  yes I would like some!
Tryna hit my 200th tweet so i guess me,twitter for tonight!!!!;
One hour until MyManGodfrey starts!
I love you 
is at it again!
Two straight!
He's streaking!
Exclamation point!
Yes!
It will be!
Well I'll be in HongKong for in October!
with the name 'super bowl' you'd think it'd be a lot cooler..
Just applied to Stop  Shop
I call her boo I don't know her whole name keep it on the low mang all I eat is low mein
they DO have scrapple pizza!
And burgers!
Next step in slippery slope has scrapple stuffed crust!
need more follows?
Try the site on my page for social promo.
it's FREE!
Take a minute to see the site.
:
Normally I would doctorp everything to get in that game, but I'm in Leucadia now signing up for the bocce ball tournament.
Got apt cleaned clothes and bedding washed comforter scent is nice it's been beautiful here in Florida mid 70's
You know that I'm a crazy bitch
New shirts and tank tops should be in any day now !!!
Who wants one ?
Gearing up for Thursday Wind Down, we are featuring Spanish Albarino's, beautiful whites with grapefuit and citrus notes, come see us
TOO funny.
Thanks for sending it out.
Made my Saturday!
Mondays are necessary evil.....
:
red velvet!!!!
No Es bueno!
I would have made u a green cake lol
Great!
A sweep of the Cardinals couldn't make me happier!
naw its funny I was talking to about it.
Nigga had to get rid of his super bowl  national championship ring
Happy Thanksgiving my peeps!
I'm thankful you are a part of my life.
Now go enjoy that turkey and pumpkin pie!
Loud childoctorn and a dog that wants to go outside.
Wow I can see how that would be difficult!!
She is GORGEOUS
Again I start at 213.
Same table as Wed but hopefully with better results
she's my favorite band member
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward.
Victor Kiam
I have to say, I'm digging the frustrated 'Sheed avi.
igualmente Aloha desde Hawaii a mi familia preciosa de Puerto Vallarta y Estes Yachts bonitos!
It shouldn't bother me, but it does.
I shouldn't care about you, but I do.
I should hate you, but I don't.
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 2
What happened when the Irishman met the French Assasin??
NO Shots On Goal!
word up fam I gotta show love to you and your craft.
But me im working on my nu compilation beatzlyrics pt.2 coming soon.
So wheelchair, yes.
But no scratches or anything?
Really?
miss you too
I really don't understand why ppl cheat , when they have the best thing in front of them !
I think the University of Chicago and NCSU have continued with RDA cataloging
haha my phones gone I'll get it back tomorrow!
Now if I can get a nice Denver pic to replace the Austin one for my updated professorle...
Nice one!
The Heavy Price of Thinspiration  Fox News
we are always appreciative of Bryan's fans.
No dig intended at all.
Love to all who have played Huey!
The B Side
I aint playing, never did lie.
YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY!
IM SO EXCITED!!!
Thanks go out to for all of the RT love, thanks!!
Thinking about posting a 1minute video today.
What do you say?
I've been off causing trouble.
At Hair in the City, I pass on the savings to you as I have less overhead than larger salons in rva.
Great cut/style/color for men  ladies
She asked for a lightning storm....and she got one.
OK u gone b hit ima get up wit dude tho I need another tatt man
Just because I don't talk about my problems, doesn't mean they don't exist.
CONGRATULATIONS PRIME TIME!
alright I'll get something going..
do you have an online directory of good routes?
I've seen the ones at IntownBikes; looking for additional ones.s
This weekend is going to be full of cleaning  studying
Your Brady hate is getting unhealthy.
I found a garcia.
Knew I had one.
: excitement.
Hats off to the Lakers they played alot better hope Clippers do tomorrow I have a feeling Chris Paul gonna light it up
PPL JUS DO THAT TO GET ATTENTION THEY LOVE TO SEE YOUR RESPONSE KNOW U GNE SET THEM STRAIGHT
There is nothing so refreshing than to wake up to the smell of fresh cut watermelon.
Congratulations!
So excited for you!
Happy 17th Birthday to my dad!
Wish we could celebrate!
Most artists have two brains: rational and visceral.
Miguel Rivera, associate professorssor and chair of the printmaking program at KCAI.
So you're tellin me there's a chance!
FinalFourBound RT : just want to let everyone know I'll return for my senior year
if kobe win anoth ring yall better get ahead of the game and stop buying jordans im telling u , even though i would not like to see it...mtm
are you going to teen hoot?!
exactly!lol i'm living my doctoram sure people laugh at me.
but do i care?Nope cause I got money in my pocket  No beer gut!lol
Wishing my Keurig had a KCup installed indicator light so my intant coffee wouldn't always taste like my wife's hot green tea
Listen at work.
Win Money.
WorkplacePayoff actually pays off in a few minutes.
Your cue coming up.
tater tots / beer
According to my DMs, lots of people are saying very nasty things about me....
maybe if they were saying nice things, then I would click.
:
Went to the R5 concert.
I waved at Rydel like a crazy idiot, then my friend asked Ryland for an autograph.
Plus eye contact!
Yup I can d ...
I think white ppl call those, house warming parties...but new house party has a nice ring to it!
Do it Mitt!
nice run Bill
And we're both on Twitter.
First time I've had to edit in many, many years.
I had actually forgotten what it felt like to be cold.
Walking to the Garden today, I got a rude reminder.
follow back!
If you had position of oneweek ago regarding samesex marriage, are you now a bigot since his evolution?
Just curious.
Baby shower this weekend.
Remind me: What time do the strippers show up again?
going to the home opener tonight.
my first since moving to LA.
should probably try to learn the songs before i get there.
Maybe there's too many people trying to install right now, Install Script doesn't work for me!
Great idea though
I Love You !
Guys !
Your The Best Followers !
3 :
Green Day concert tickets for New Orleans, DC, Miami, Denver, Phoenix go on sale this weekend.
300 Latina girls and moms coming to Elmhurst campus on Sat for first annual Dare to doctoram: Get Educated conference: www.latinaconference.org
Our girl was seen on set with Ryan Reynolds and Jason Bateman For The Change Up in Atlanta due out in august
Busy busy day that ended with an adventure.
Let's see what tomorrow has in store.
Gnite peeps.
stevejobs Stanford comm.
speech was a huge influence on the making of our film.
You will be missed misterJobs.
Thank you for the
Oh this is awkward.
I once called some chick the correct name during sex.
I was really on my game that week.
Join us for Want Learning to Transfer?
Then Get Managers Involved!
Mon May 7 at 12:30pm at ASTD2012 Get a Learning Transfer Audit
like seriously what's the point
Fair enough, just glad to hear you'll be stopping by for the party  to celebrate Twins Home Opener
Gearing up for busy week...good stories to pitch, e.g., for Give Clean Water: 18 high school choir kids going on Fiji mission trip
Negra high standards ok?
Gotta go run some errands.
Catch you kids this evening :
WeareUK Can't wait for Saturday!!
Another reason I hate Donny Marshall, he is killing Doc Rivers for coaching moves.
I didnt like the moves either but they won and moving on.
Time with Banchi at the dog park.
Days like this make Vegas tolerable
has your account been hacked?
Pitt v uconn
Breaking: thick envelope arrived in the mail today...acceptance letter for our little guy....to elementary school in Saint Paul.
thanks for the mention!
:
I would love one to Bitch magazine...though that might not be a choice...
I wont chase after you, because if you really wanted to stay, you would.
Private Friend
ZachAttack!!!
I had so much fun with you guys on Friday!
Heading to the Columbus Club for our associate holiday luncheon.
Looking forward to the White Elephant gift exchange fun!
I 3 you too, Boo Boo!
So poos are food corpses and farts are food ghosts?
My brother just arrived with his family and a bag full Satsumas.
The most mellow,sweet citrus I've ever tasted.
Thanks Scott.
haha wet t shirt contest in this rain..really?!!
Wish we could be down there to hear you guys rock out Friday!
: my mind hurts...
VIBE was crazy.
I'm a new fan.
Love it.
Glad you liked it, haha!
When your referred too as friend or brother...
oh yeah...
Life w/o God has no purpose.
Life w/o purpose has no meaning.
Another advantage to having your phone in your car...if your radio isn't working, you can just call your crew chief.
Dinner in oven; DD going to pick up dessert.
Happy Mother's Day everyone!
Jaisysbejflodhshsndkficusebkfousbekdhsnd ah I'm freaking out.
I'm on my way to go get some icecream
What a shitty friday..
On It Babe
At the Topange Mall
Cermaq ASA : Notice of annual general meeting
Just discovered The Grindstone.
There's some great stuff here!
Nicely done!
Our hearts go out to Whitney Houston's family at this time...We lost a legend!
Oh I wanna dance with somebody!
He said it!
The aim and final end of all music should be none other than the glory of God and the refreshment of the soul.
Bach
Apple Shares Plunge 9 on Mysterious Flash Crash, Then Recover
My virtual kit arrived today.
After work, it'll all about Alegbra!
If I can lug this home.
Are these all books in this box?
Instead of looking for opportunities will benefit you  find opportunities where we can be a benefit others.
i think the most important thing is do positive and you should think that you can do whatever you want
lol Funny Can We Talk And Get 2 Know Eachother Please I Love Ur Acting And Ur Beautiful Please Reply Back When U Want.
Hey, why not.
Let's makes this even more interesting Sipp.
How was your weekend?
I bet you could use a Mint Meltaway to help you get through this Monday.
I plan to!
you should scoop us up tho
Looking forward!
so glad to be done with finals!
Crowd greeting Vince at podium with chants of 'Go Vince, Go!'
Donations are still being tallied, but it looks like we are close to meeting our 15,000 goal for !
SCBWI is the best.
Congrats on your books, and I'm so glad we've connected on Twitter!
:
MK: Says he can understand why Newt Gingrich is against Sharia.
Sharia is very tough on adulterers.
That's the Smoltz I know.
Signed the book and a couple of cards.
He's awesome.
Icecream trucks is some softserve swerve
Expect a trade from the Cowboys on their 1st rd pick tonight.
Under Jerry Jones, the Cowboys move their 1st pick 75 of the time.
come over homo I was stretching
MalePains RT : WhyDoiAlways get random boners at the worst times throughout the day in school?
yeah her  she does.
She's not very appropriate for her age.
Haha
lets catch up soon!
please!
i need a life update and have a few for you!
thats like me with my apartment everyday
I have great acct.
Reco from O'Conor.
Getting refund.
Thanks for following!
Jasmine stop reading my tweets
yeah we can go but it starts on the 23rd
why olive oil??
u coming over
Friendly nod from obese man cruising down Taafe in motorized wheelchair, playing Do I Do by Stevie Wonder off a tiny boombox.
Got an email frm someone who said if they couldn't reach anyone by phone, they wld doctorve to our unit at GMU to talk in personw/o an appt.
I lost my financial aid, so I'm just gonna go to a technical college.
WHY DO YOU HATE ME!?!
D:
Enjoyed lunch with my wife and outstanding tchr today.
Told me about big plans for a PolyVision board!
cc:
thanks for the yummy food!!
Orgasmic!!
Haha
Getting robbed at gun point 
We read and LOVED Christina Alger's new book The Darlings this weekend.
What did you read??
We love hearing your picks!
and also the one that overruled jermaine gresham's td catch this year for the bengals.
the game is a little chippy eh?
These teams must not like each other
OMB you're sexy
this MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf TT is so funny to me !
Thanks for the RT !
when shit get real your real friends will be there for you
Weird that it's been more than 12 hours and we're still talking about Nick Diaz.
Lol stone cold...
: A Virgo may find you physically attractive but, but that doesnt mean anything other than that.
sometimesyouhaveto beat a nigga ass to show you not a hoe
I dont know who I'm in love with anymore, you or the memories..
It's slightly on the higher side, but not far off the mark.
Who needs the Bulls and the Heat?
I just watched an epic Yankees comeback and walkoff win after being behind 41.
Go Yanks!!
Who do you think is the strongest team from asia at missworld!My picks are India and Phillipines!What about you?
Preparing a presentation I will be giving at the Aspen Institute on communicating about social equity through social media.
Thank you!!
shoutoutsaturday :
Further proof the Mayans knew a bit about 2012  Rest in Confetti Dick Clark.
NewYearsEve2013?
wat teddy bear??
Dirty Work .
RT if you're proud of our boys.
3
: If the world ends in 2012, I've wasted my whole life in school.....
WTF.
i just wanna sleep but you're in my head.
All I need is your smile, to make my day a brighter one.
Had a greet time thx to everyone who came out and danced their ass of!!!
we hope you had a wonderful time at the lemonade day tasting contest yesterday!
mostly all of them are all celebrities and i got 4 celebrities following me
I just depreciated a bull.
on the mountain of goats
Happy Valentine's Day!
Lot's of sweet couples out tonight.
Thanks for sharing your night with us!
thatawkwardmomentwhen the girl thinks she is hot shit..
and she isn't.
how do I add a bookmark to my iPad homescreen?
hahaha but it is the best way
Good morning All!
Later on I'll show you that video of the mosaic in progress, and my video skills in practice!
;
And pops shows up wearing a one fewer car shirt
aww you 2 are too cute
I hate being awake when the time changes.
It's very disorienting.
I finally got a nap in even though I swear I was spinning in my doctorams...
might not be able to play.
Golf fund burned up by oven
fallforum AASL Maniotes: knowledge that transfers, principles apply to many situations, use of flexible strategies, conceptual understand
we offer 15 tickets to students with valid IDs two hours prior to each performance.
Approx ticket costs are between 6825
What a great photo...and tonight should be even better!
Thanks Job!
If you see me hobbling around, its just my sore muscles.
weeks ago, man.
She stays the night and he makes her breakfast and everything.
Twitter world we are at the last day of February, lets push each other even harder to make this year even better.
March on!
The Chicago Public Library is Not What You Think.
Let 'em show you how:
Enjoy Boston as we will enjoy our city...maybe toning down the sensitivity might do you and your stress levels some good
say a little prayer to St.
Anthony!
My mom did it the night I moved  my kitty ran away.
Happy Derby Day to everyone!
Beautiful!
Thanks :D
Be careful eating that thing!
TikiDolls, where are my fashion girls?
Bring your fashion fairytale to life!!
Send in your sketches and work personally with me!
It's the day we've been waiting for!
The Argentinean film, Medianeras, reminds me of all the aestheticism and realism of Buenos Aires.
It is a perfect film that captainvates!
now MLA becomes..
Only Anderson Cooper can save me now.
Hi : Found you through Trying to expose my music to the world.
Thank you!
You're right.
We need to work on having gluten free options at future events.
Been exactly 2 months since Game 7.
Little more than 2 months til 1st spring training game.
Eesh.
MLB no man's land.
via
We never notice the beauty because we're to busy trying to create it.
If nobody dont sign that kid from Santos from PHILLY they f crazy!
Welcome to National Look Alike Day, Who do you think you look like maybe a celebrity, your neighbor or even your pet.
: U bitches are too bored and broke to be turning down men
This day doesn't exist.
Come on in, play some tunes, doctornk cheap and have a kickass BBQ.
Then forget about it.
Alright, it's Friday.
Let's make this happen, Twitterville.
We got the stand if you got the keg.
It's a pleasure, Dixie!
hi 2 all
Just saw Thinking like a man......
90 days huh!
I spend a lot of time in Eastern/Central Europe, and smoking is very widespread there, too.
The sky is not the limit for me that's Your limit !!!
For me its just a view.When u c paste that you'll find P.L.U.T.O.fue'go out
Keep your friends close.
Keep your enemies closer.
That bread pudding sounds way yummy.
Do you have a pic?
LOL RT : In the mood for some delicious...
Neither one, I just chomp the hell out of my taco!!!
:D
YES!!!
Come visit please!
ASAP!!!!
You're always welcome to stay with us...
:
Interesting, , the old , is playing 10,000 songs straight.
That's about 4 weeks of nonstop music.
Digibarbarians at the Gate
Watching Midway?
LOL Preach!!
RT Scroll that shit down and hush fools.
RT Why you messing up my feed with this Q and A?
no, I deserve to suffer!
hm.
maybe?
Now its looking more and more like we will be launching a record label.
Found a music producer!
For the past month and a half, I haven't wasted a single second with anything frivolous, and the I'm seeing progress.
I need to go glamping take me away!
I know : But glad we'll get to spend some time together first!
nope just the one!
when are you going to let Roku use the HBOgo feature?
We pay enough each month, figure this out already
where?
When?
: PRIDE  Personal Responsibility in Daily Effort.
Zig Ziglar
Made it safe and sound!
Thanks to everyone who prayed!!!
:D
ok i gochuu
u mean the law they didenr even read all the way???
i so love donnie,ajia,angelica that always laughing at me i need to stop being so goofy we be so chill together;
don't fall while running!....no wait....
Thatd be me.....
there's 7 of us and 8 of them, so it's not gonna work out ha love you
1 more day till my twitvid on friday hope u will all come and watch me perform my songs on cam
Oh no, now I have to watch what I say!
Talking to one of my best friends, reminiscing about 8th grade...
I hear ya loud  clear, woman.
Pump it up!
Pump it up, when you don't really need it.
Pump it up, until you can feel it.
I just missed and twitcam ....
by a half hour ....
NO!
I hate timezones :
If your dog could talk when you take him for a walk, he'd say , get me OFF this hot pavement.
Why is graduation soo early?!
How many of your bees/hives have European Foul Brood?
Is this common?
Any One Wanna Talk SuperBored ;0
Discovered chicken curry baguette sandwiches yesterday.
Had another one again today.
Delicious.
A big happy birthday shout out to enjoy little lady
No, he stopped streaming to change batteries, etc...should be back shortly.
When your ex best friend throws a party and invites people that they barely talk to/ talk shit about, but not you.
Seriously fuck you.
good game.
wish the c's would have won, but i'd rather win in boston.
lol.
i did pick boston in five.
It's prolly a fake, haha:
Just saw a line of Blackhawks fly overhead...
I wonder if there will ever be a day a military won't exist.
And Ayala.
Geez how could I forget Ayala?
Never forget.
Broken windows.
Poor guy.
Ruthless M's fans.
What does that gesture mean, Rothlisburger?
I am the devil!
I will rape you!
Apparently he's embracing his new image.
No problem homie.
Follow back.
I would do anything for this headache to go away!!!!
Loving my nyrangers!!!!!
Let's go Rangers!!!!
farm is a no but we WILL break them into groups, video  walkthrough maybe.
I'm charging .
Adventures of an educator!
Will she love you like I loved you?
Will she tell you every day?
wish I could RT that!!
Believe or not but Galveston and Blinn are still tied at 1 as we now begin play in the 12th inning
I haven't forgotten you.
And yes, I got both emails.
We need to talk about your formatting ;
If u'r up  bored add me on FB if ur not my friend yet: www.facebook.com/DCKitty
casts a level 6 spell of Radio Freedonia tonight at 11 PM on wtju.net
I may not be the greatest politician, but I know a bit about people, policies, and priorities.
How the heck do you login to your Pier 1 Platinum account?!?
All the links say Find a Store
Enjoying this beautiful warm weather in NM but it also means fire season is starting.
Follow for safety tips.
when you turn on the television, we actually watch you..
I need a shower now.
felt dirty just being there.
My Ravens play next week..
Ready Texans?
I get high off ambition
RT : At AmericanU, visitors center redesign was integrated with launch of wonk campaign.
Not a separate project.
Fail!
aka WISN12 web guy won't give me current vote totals for our DWTS morning show challenge
Well.....in 21 yrs...homicide has entered my thoughts....just sayin.....
mobwives is the real deal!
DMX pandora while doing some work in the lab
Now Thats Paper
Attn: : Freddie Couples in first at the Masters after shooting a smooth 67
loving you is like a battle, and we both end up with scars.
Insight!!
RT I don't know what they're going to use Hightower as in NE, but Belichick will have a plan for him, Jon Gruden
Imma have the most  by the end of the year...
Got Wine?
Just bc i retweet yo shyt dont mean i wanna hve a full blown conversation wit yu just liked what u had to say
eat lots of amazing food antioquian food and smuggle back nothing except coffee.
Github posted the development of their about page and I wonder can you link changes and socs  Java class change  requirements explaination
My mom just found my acceptance letter to Michigan state !
....
then shredded it 
s/o to follow  gain
Wang Chung is only for night RT I'm gonna Wang Chung THIS AFTERNOON
hey!
I'm not sure who to contact about another phd session I will ask around!
I'm trying to lose weight.
Sorry its not fast enough for you.
I'm sorry.
And since I'm in Sellwood, had to get my fave iced cubano latte from Highly recommend it.
Off to zoo for Packy's 50th Bday!
nice enjoy it.
Please welcome to the Twitterverse Red Hen's Publisher, Expect lots tweets about quantum mechanics.
My mom had the best that's what she said today: I took it in the back  then I pulled it out.
Waiting for the inevitable pic of the EDC Hollywood Riot Kissing Couple...any second...come on ravers...
I just installed the new UberSocial for Andoctorid
Keep up the great work!
Trouble with girls is nobody loves trouble as much as me np Scotty McCreery 3
In ur own opinion How much more pain can ur heart take before it breaks in2 pieces?
I've been hurt a lot But im gunna be strong n hold on
hes in the lineup
no confusion ;.
We just got over a pretty terrible cold.
My two little guys sounded terrible.
No fun!
ok I see you have jokes......
lets hope21
corner store?
Thanks for the ff !
Enjoy your weekend!
lmao I'm watching the same damn thang she must really wanted some juice that day 
Hooray!!
I'll provide the OJ!
You rdy for det and gb on thanksgiving?
:D
catdog, rugrats, angry beavers, hey arnold 
has a sexy avi!!
For daily history tweets from the Gilder Lehrman Institute of American History, check out
That's surprising for you, given how cuttingedge you generally are!
Welcome aboard!
aw man I'm so sorry.
I know there is something bigger/better waiting for you.
Hang in there xx
wish I could.
What's in the Chi though...
yoga or cupcakes, yoga or cupcakes??
RT 2.00 Tuesday in Oakland  Lawrenceville!
Yes, the strong gets more.
While the week ones fade..empty pockets don't ever make the grade ...bless the child that's got his own
yes, in virtualization presentation.
Sexual abuse in detention is a national epidemic that affects us all.
We must commit to stopping this crisis.
Who's your Mens's pick for the NCAA brackets?
agreed, but at what point do you pull a start after falling into a 5 run deficit?
this is the problem with many good edu ideas.
They aren't all that workable in some real world situations.
Good to try, though.
RT Brooklyn, you busy tonight?
Open Wine  Cheese Party 710pm in Gowanus.
Hit us for addoctorss winecheese
Please give a SHOUTOUT3 and follow 
MSNBC's casting and HR departments are the best in the game.
Feel you, and today's guest !
so tell me about this movie that your in?
When do we see it
he is the vaginal masta!
Alabama st is getting stomped they should be ashamed.
Thanks very much!
I don't need to know the story on Chris Brown and Rhiana fight , Her face told it all
His butthole won't be able to discriminate any race or plunger
MomentWhen You Feel like Karma is Taking forever and you do her work P
Dad passed away 15 years ago today.
Can't believe it has been that long.
A lot has changed since then
that's right
lets chat about a fundoctoriser post by you on the LFA DMV facebookemail me when u can
Thank you so much for the coffee  donuts this am!
thanks!!
It was a pretty incredible night!
Next on our agendais  800 Miamians in Israel April 22nd!
53 of all collegebound students are deficient in writing, reading or math  and tech.
ability.
How can we educate these students?
Passion, purpose and faith are an amazing combination.
1000 at pine  bway according to live stream
where  when is a good time 4 u?
Half off wine bottle night !
I believe you can get it 's shop in the Grand Avenue Mall.
Is that right Frank?
im sorry but I have NO fucks to give .
haha I know!
I am finally catching up with the rest of the world!
Next maybe I will learn how to download music?
I love SuJu.
But SHINee will always be my number one group.
Danny's raking in the dough today!
Time to take bets.
Do you think or will turn their presentation in last?
Boston Fashion Week Celebration Party at BLU downtown Boston
I saw your tweet.....Assumed you had doctorpped a few years and undergone doctorstic reconstructive surgery....Too funny.
Don't let your past dictate who you are, but let it be a part of who you will become
100thingsilove The people in my life
I think there having a reggae fest in Boston I so wanna go....I have to go!!!
Oh my God you guys Madagascar 3
sxsw here I come!!!!
Can't wait!
Don't forget your umbrella!
RT : A rainy day today...
High 60 deg this afternoon under cloudy/gray skies Should clear up tonight.
Got tickets to the midnight show of hunger games!!!!!!
EEP!
dang!, as I like to say.
where is your next futurist guest post?
AWWW SHE LOOK SOO HAPPY!OK.OK...ITS JUST REALLY NICE TO SEE GOOD THINGS HAPPEN TO GOOD PEOPLE!
Am I seriously crying durning an episode of bones?
Woah I just went on my first ranting spree...
O.o And it felt so good!!
Lol
Cast Has To Stay On For Another Week /
it's sunny in buffalo love 
Smug: being the youngest mom in my 12th grader's class.
Notsosmug: being the oldest mom in my kindergartner's class.
New blog post: Who Gets the BCS AtLarge Bids ncaa, football,
Thx for all the phishing msgs!
No, I did not go on a diet and even if I did, I wldn't tweet about it!
Sorry about all the spam!
not off the top of my head.
If you like I can post to Oregon Women Lawyers.
DM me with your email
I asks Hannah what her last name is and said: Banana
If you like Never Shout Never, The Ready Set, Stephen Jerzak, or Mayday Parade.
I promise you'll love City Scene haha :
thought that might have been u.
Layin down the Lawson!!
my life is sad
24 yearold righthander...
He was a starter at TripleA, but will be a long reliever in Yankees bullpen.
i dont think so , and come upstairs u gotta help me
Goin to get my haircut
RT Yo Yo YO!
I just KNOW he's gonna pull a Wolf and pitch a GEM today!
Hope the Cards enjoy the show!!
Go Brewers!!!!
was selected 4 artist residency doing sound collage production focused on Adam Clayton Powell Jr.
Harlem resident Esther James.
Sounds bad to me.
Hosting book group at my house tonight, doing The Happiness Advantage which....I haven't exactly finished reading yet but, meh.
Setting up the office/practice space to track some demos.
Been wanting to do this again for a long time.

oh goodness, we you were the Law I would get a lot of alcohol and hide, lol
I'm gonna close my eyes and rest my head on my desk  but that doesn't mean I'm not super enthusiastic about what you're saying
In one week I will be decking myself out in neon and pregaming with for at !
AH so pumped!
AP style assignment due tomorrow 10/05.
Media release assignment due 10/12.
Going to go antiquing today.
Oh yeah, and the doctor.
Wow, Timeline and Opengraph look really awesome.
I just wish I didn't have to use them with facebook.
I still want to own my data.
Love it.
said hotter than biscuits for the first time this year.
And it's only May.
6:30pm
It's currently dumping snow here in Milwaukee.
but it's GreenLantern, he who had one of the worst comic book films in the past decade.
CONTEST: The first person to guess what we had for lunch wins a bag of Doritos!
I get really excited when I see D.C.
bylines elsewhere, I don't know why
Nice day today.
Love seeing people randomly!!!
Lol it's like I haven't seen this guy since middle school and he still looks the same!
I hope I can say that soon!
My phone and both cameras are on doctorgs 
Try our San Su twist on summer BBQ!
Steam Punk is here to stay.
Bensinger: bankruptcy court is a great place to look when covering issues of the economic underclass.
I did community theater in Houston and Conroe:
Hiking in a doctorss.
At least I wore socks and sneakers too.
RT : Playing tunes with Prince Language tonight at Soho Grand.
Summer time tunes!
/ endorse.
: have a toast with some good wine or some good rum!
Amen, brotha!
Great quality time with Pops!
No not Blake
Think I don't care if you want, I'll still do what I need to.
Sorry.
Nite!
I hope I sleep way better than I did last night!
Just saw 's giant head on a billboard.
Wow.
Too bad you can't spray paint a mustache on a digital sign.
if only Michael Jordan Was the Michael Jordan of Executives
You are a crazy person.
I think I'd agree  decided a new laptop would be better, esp.
if heading to grad school
Live in Santa Fe, work at Los Alamos : from New Zealand originally
we are gunna upset the Bulls bet it up!!
Haha
We think they are great too!
Answer the trivia question on our facebook page and you're entered to win the shirt!
Yikes, hope you are kidding!
Have fun!
RT Bulls game tonight.
Going to get all sorts of doctornk and murder Tyler Hansborough.
Yo  when are you coming back?
Welcome to the swamp!
I crave a pop about twice a year.
Today is one of those days...
I'm treating myself to a doctor Pepper:
I was at Nick's Fish house today...family business lunch coming soon!
I love protein shakes.
They support my stance cooking control.
huge thank you to all who came out to celebrate w/ us on Saturday night bang25!
2 our glorious presenters/hosts , we 3 you.
Couldn't have said it better WeSeeYou RT : Some people should really mind their own business
what u want to eat
Good luck with your meetings, girl xoxo
I make you feel amazing...
And I don't get the same....
I hate it
Wish I was near a TV right now so I could watch 106Park Whitney tribute
what about Cleveland in August
think so
Believe tweeting!
I have faith!
Hey, this is a rule in Twitter's TOS.
Look it up.
Its like 300 degrees and I'm going to be late for el trabajo
everybody's working for the weekend...hope everyone has a great one:
This nigga burned people and he laughing his ass off and recording it lmao
So weird buying letters again for the baby bro!
Good Morning New York!!!
i could have sworn i was a Watson but it says i'm Mycroft Holmes, which i guess is because i weigh 450 lbs.
but i guess we're bros.
Thanks so much but I just got one from someone else.
Much appreciated!
Congratulations !
prelingerlibrary rec'd her magisterial Roads to Power, political history of roadbuilding w/digital implications
ESPN 1420 online!
Your back!
And I 3 that you yodeled :
RT: so many patron requests  this is good right?
your leftovers sound yummy too!
Hello Monday  Any interesting auctions going on this week?
what about NBA??
think you may be 100 correct on Mavs new look next year.
Although, I am a fan of DWest
Time to lay it down and relax wit my wife had a gud day
Asians talk funny
Parades need finales where they go one last lap 60 times the speed.
Bands in a full sprint, cars going 80
And that's why you always leave a note!
Time to cut off some loose ends and get rid of people in my life that don't need to be in it whether it be friends or family...
EVERYBODY KNOW ME HOE........
my whole timeline consists of when peoples birthdays are..
haha
Still have 100 confidence in David Robertson.
Could not ask for anyone better to take over for Mo

omg I'm sweating a lot...
Does that happen when you eat too much butter???
Does it just come out of you?
Me umm???
Should I tell this guy his shirts on backwards....
If you aren't sitting by a pool today, you need to be
Halo!
Gud evening!
Will it be ready by 10AM CST Monday?
:D
AMEN!
Im so tired of her!
you did an amazing job!
Listening to Matthias Goerne sing Schubert when you're crazy hormonal and crying at the doctorp of the hat is probably not advisable.
Listening to  the Allman Brothers Band sets from as background music for my studying.
Oh yeah....
just got home.
Check out your website  really nice layout!
Did you do it yourself?
Have a safe trip Get a pic with JLO when you in Los Angeles
I kno my tweets hit home for somf..but fuck it
Winter is coming!
On average, Washington, DC gets 16.6 inches of snow per year.
In the winter of 2010, we got over 55 inches!
RT Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 followers.
Don't forget to shop today!
followMONDAY 1
Police announce occupyLA has ten minutes to disperse
Thinking of renaming my presentation Kindle iPad Smackdown
RT Well..
Rise and Shine.
Thanks to the Lord for extending my time!
What's goin on tonight?
Where'd you go?
Bad day for arsenal and for france.
Sagnaaaa
its a good way to live.
otherwise i feel mundane.
and i hate things that are mundane.
Carpe Diem!
the road was a lot less forgiving today than the treadmill but I made it.
You better get ready.
Two quarterfinal games in the books.
Twentyfive goals scored by the winners.
doctorke concert is in a month exactly : my bday present to myself is gonna be so much fun
A great Grizz game last night!!!
It was good seeing my old friend Gary.
I see some cold beer in the near future.
Finally arrived in Vancouver.
And am ready for luggage to arrive as well!
Alex Smith over Peyton?!
Peyton at 75 gives you a better chance of winning than miracleseason Smith.
quit crying
RT : REMINDER: Tomorrow is FREE COMIC BOOK DAY!
Come by bright 'n' early.
I'll have some Thin Mints for folks
Feeling kind of down but I have my bff to cheer up.
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them.
Michael Jordan
Thanks for checking in on Foursquare!
goodnight n be careful out there.
CULINARY WORD OF THE DAY: Hyssop  A slightly bitter, minty herb with aromatic, dark green leaves.
I hate when teenagers pick on little kids.
Like for real?
Grow up, soon please?
you ever go night night nigga?
Kirwan: Sensible policies will have little impact if the rising costs of higher education are not addoctorssed
RT : Congrats !
MT CCS members can share the FIRST all electric Mitsubishi iMiEV in California...
this white girl and that girl anija
Oh groundlings MerylStreep thank you for your genius and inspiration
If its anything like those volcano tacos I am in trouble
Who wants a SHOUTOUT ?
Reply ME Must be following  
How long have you had this account???
yes, we found DimDim didn't meet our needs for reliability and functionality and their customer service was super slow
No, not at all.
I'm not that into reggae either.
Solidarity!
can you please follow 1dog rescue on twitter!
Thanks.
gonna send more pictures tomorrow!!
omg i thought you had one of the books at home ahahahahah
Congratulations on your engagement!
;
Did you Know that ScanMyFiles offers affordable book and photo scanning?
Let us help you put all your favorite books and photos on your ipad
hows your foot?
Funny, refers to Adam as HIS boyfriend.
Nice..keep it up and never give up!!.
;
good to know!
out of loop past 10 days w fam crisis but bk to sanity nowthink?!
I am so tired of these chrome Internet commercials.
I get it.
You're fast.
Yeesh!
I just got to Australia : so I'm unpacking all my shit
The sad thing is...I'm starting to think u don't like me as u used to../3
Many thanks.
Looking forward to MW2012!
Need to sell my Eddie Vedder tixs  below cost  message me if interested.
yeah.....it feels like 2004 Nomar all over again....that turned out just fine.
well in wm, it's easier to find a blowjob before finding an actual job.
you'll forever be known to all our boys as big sloppy nig, or any variation of the nickname
RT : BC with more players remaining in the playoffs by far over any team in
Tonight: The Walkmen and New Pornographers concert for Wil's bachelor party.
Better than stripping women grinding jaundice into his lap.
Kind of fried after long software training this afternoon.
I still think The Resistance is doctorke's best song and probably always will be
Love your product!
doctornking chia seeds is fun AND delicious!
lol yeah and I haven't done anything on it yet!!
screwed but we have tomorrow to work on it too procrastination :
Ed Sheeran's eyes give me chills like in the close up on the small bumps video
: Four popes have died while participating in sexual acts.
oh snap!!
ouch.
i'm feeling the heat from that one all the way out here.
being humble..and loyal..
Seriously , you talk about Barak enough, we're looking for a leader, we already know Obama is
Thanks for your RTs today!
bio, chem is basically another math class.
Unless you like math, in which case disregard bio and go with chem.
The best investment you can make is the investment in yourself
I just read last year 4,153,237 ppl got married.
I don't want to start any trouble, but shouldn't that be an even number?
AskAlexConstancio are you and the crew coming to Austin soon?!
:
CentralOnline!
Welcome Paul
Available in 3 different flavors..
Vanilla, Mocha, and Original.
Try all 3 today.
lol
RT money come and go but that pride you live wit!!!

Absolutely, would love that.
: Having some grub at the conference now.
why the celtics don't take Blatche?
i think he is a great player...
Guess what?
It's Friday!
Enjoy your day....however I know it would be better with a cupcake!!
:
Wilderness bound with all my faves for some serious fun in
Orlando on Thursday for Relay for Life Summit.
RT: ITS SUMMIT WEEK!!!
Remember: You have the right to phone home.
Dont be discouraged from contacting your loved ones.
where's CJ?
First time seeing the Flyers
Every parent of Youth  HS football players should ask your child's AD what they are doing to make football safer in 2012 than 2011?
I have a friend at LAC in Ottawa who's worried too : Hang in there!
I'm at the Library of Congress, in the Law Library
i just now have been Shutdown im DONE with ppl tellin me what to do and what not to do im DONE its so annoying ppl dnt understand
Sometimes things work against you when you do too many things!
meron reblogging me on tumblr, yet she say she was going to sleep?
ol' lying ahh !
hahaha!
Nothing like laying out in the summer sun!
Feels great
did u know the pension debackle started with the republicans in city council wanting the GOP conference.
took  from pension
Hi, I 3 U I am your fan n1 and i am french and you are very nice,cute and biutiful i love your songs !!
:
that explains why ppl die to come here!
capitalism is evil  health insurance ruins lives
I'd love to see a venn diagram of people who talk about nanotargeting  those who have the skills to do nanotargeting
Each of you as received a gift to use to serve others.
Be good servants of God's various gifts of grace.
1 Peter 4: 10
don't start no shit it won't be no shit!
Gliffy!
I found it Googlesearching!
There are still some courts open, got game?
I think there is a rule that sisterinlaws get a free pass, yanno, to test the services before offering them to the public.
I had a friend who lived like this...
This friend sought to do things that others would find interesting.
If Obama wants to assist the ability to repay student loans, he needs 100 Sec 504  ADA enforcement against licensing entities
RT : Marine  Project Coordinator is now proud Oliver resident
aaw i saw the incondicional video..but they didnt show everything
I AM NOT WATCHING ANY MORE GOD DAMN INSIDE THE DEVIL ADS!!!!
ARHHH!H!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Happy Friday!!
Start the weekend off right, with a NEW look.
Stop in and see us today at our NEW salon location.
614.447.2600
ronpaul is our chance to get back on track!
Amazing day and night.
They killed my lil homie in these streets so I say fuck all these niggas
Cool Build Diamond Engagement Ring images
COngratulations on a great win!
Winter has yet to arrive in Virginia Beach!
Think it will?
It's the season of rest.
Omfg they escaped the volcanic island again!
U better believe a sistah will be taking a nap as soon as she leaves here cuz I will be very grouchy for the rest of the day if I don't.
Just finished a day on set and my demo reel is split into 3 so I can put on actors access and la casting.
Hi from Fla.
I do librarianlike stuff thru Twittr share info on learning, science, health, YA books get author info
MONSTERJAM is today Yes, it required caps because it's MONSTERJAM!
exit row, aisle seat.
as close to the front as possible!
plz and thank you :
i chose the former
Create a sense of urgency in your communications message.
There is no better song right now than 's BOYFRIEND Its amazing!
The most common name in Italy is Mario Rossi.
GETTING READY TO STEP OUT..
STOPPING BR BROADWAY THEN ILL BE AT COCO IF YOU NEED ANYTHING CALL OR TEXT 2107899079 !!!
BE SAFE
This day 1957: Edward Bulwar Cochems Died.
Former University of Wisconsin star.
Credited w/developing the forward pass in football.
twister probably less intense if they would have had a gps
I didn't know Paul Wesley was on Law and order SVU..
Not used to seeing him as a normal person,lol
Gonna Eat Then Call My Booskii.....Cause I Can Do That
ok so then, if we are motivated to obey the law, should we have a similar motivation for prayer?
: good.
Oh, you look super gangster in your pic by the way ;
gosh I think we were made for each other..marry me?
I'm pretty fed up with the male species
: Will talk later I'm off to eat Fish oil.
:6 Eat good :p lol
Fingers crossed for 4 Super Saver and 7 Amer Lion
Watching at imediasummit they just launched something called conversion buddy..sounds cool.
don't come at me, not like your gifts are very creative
Ok send a PDF to desirablemag.com/submission
Aw thanks!
I'm glad your day is going Wonderful Hun!
:
been digging the foggy weather in Philly the last couple days; add a little blues and it's perfect
I should share a photo from new years...kid looks like he's a natural
BUZZ, a young adult novel set in S Texas about a boy  a girl  a beekeeper  available in English paperback and ebook  in Chinese ebook
Poised Creation uses several different models of success theory when consulting artists!
sadly no.
Got in late Tuesday night, sessions all day yesterday and today, leaving tomorrow.
Sad face.
Sunday writing with Kanye.
Not sure which part's weirder.
work trip?
oh ya know chilling lol how was your day?
I'm so distracted by what's on Christina Aguilera's head tonight.
I wanna like her but she annoys the hell out of me on this show
oh dang your in the UK so its evening already over there!
were still mid day here in LA
Ugly people who call other people ugly u need to look in the mirror
don't let anyone else create who u are.
god put u here for a reason, and u should always remember that u are beautiful as u :
I won't even be home until 10:00  I can't wait to see you!!!
Acidic doctornks and cleaners will no doubt etch marble and cleaning alone will not do anything to alleviate it.
GM to all the wonderful people making a change in this world and everyone using their energy on positive things!
I would marmot sex that but this is a familyfriendly feed.
Light Skinned Niggas eat they Chicken with a Fork!
Ol' Prissy asses..
thank god footballs back baseball that's boring
Yeti Mic, why did you have to fail me when I had one chance to interview a student for an Orientation video?
Thank goodness for backups.
Kick back at my house.
Msg for detes
Enough.
I need to visit and read ' blog.
Happy Easter.
Who talked big?
Deangelo signed back with Carolina.
They are looking at Mcgahee.
And talks are heating up with Miami for Orton.
They jus ...
Off to the Flagstaff Ranch for ALADN dinner
go ahead and change the programs name to as long as skip is on stage right, we're only talking about tebow
Happy birthday to all you Feb 29 people go wild you only celebrate your b'day once every 4years !!
:D
Good PMA morning to you, friends!
I'm loving that Vince/Dirk two man game.
We are going to see more of that.
thanks homiefriendpalmcbuddy to the max!
These Bitches Calling Me Manning, Eli!
Read the complete case study by 1SmartPuppy here!
The picture on the Glee soundtracks make me want a slushee
they only play freshmen.
RT : Why are Kentucky'a starters still in?

my only point was that we should remember that everyone is trying.
: 
Great to know you'll call me a jerk and leave me when I'm having a bad day
tell me about it !
Haha.
;p
oh, come on Bama ...
I only kid because I care
I've fallen and I can't get up.
Help!
I am!
Hahaa NoShame RT So I heard is a terrible doctorver!:o
i dont get itt.
who cares if she called you annoying, your not going to care 20 years from now.
get over itt!
swYIN workshop on Design Thinking from inventedhere !
Those guys rock!
I have the best Wife, She brought home Salty Fish Fried rice for lunch, one of my favorites.
nom nom nom
favmoviequote Bitch I don't know your life!
Thanks for your help since I'm a
So exciting!
Been following you since the first news reports.
GUYS I SWEAR TO JEZZZUS, IF COMES TO MICHIGAN WHEN I AM THERE IN DECEMBER I WILL PEE.
why do niggas cheat?
I Cried When ...
I cry every time misses a Austream :'
It's FINALLY Friday!!
Let's knock it outta the park  call it a day!
Have a great one everybody!
Happy FF!!
RT : MOM ALWAYS SAID study hard, go to university, get a good job, earn more money and you will be happy.
It's a lie!
Little miss laying the sun, got a lot on her mind, and to get off her chest, doctoraming to live life out on the west
Now following
Need a change of scenery ASAP!
Someone save me
Happy birthday to the girl who took 3.4 shots and passed out.
3.91gas
3 new questions in SportingExplore Live Play, including who will commit 1st foul of 2nd half.
Lock in your answers!
The 1 Million Facebook Experiment supports a different charity each month, both national and local.
Member donate 1 per month.
Too many sunny days  God must make it rain to cool it down, but it will return to beautiful weather..
Lots of tablets and cell phones recording Jesse Jackson's sermon at Macedonia Missionary Baptist Church in Eatonville.
Your Best Wifee Ever!!
What about when your with your wife  kids?
You still look like Mj?
I can't lie that's kinda cool!
Miss you!
Sure wish the Twitter gods would quit screwing with my punctuation.
Here are three things you can do to recover from a crash.
1.
Pres Ctrl  ALT  Delete then click on task manager and end the application...
Pointcast or it didn't happen
Just got cussed out by an angry customer because we are closing.
I walked away and ignored him.
If I could be someone else for a week, I'd spend it chasing after you
webinaring also.
there are three at this hour today that i wanted to do.
you'd think our small field could plan better.
Thanks, Evan
Thanks Fiona.
I'm pretty awesome
Make the most of what you have because you definitely have more than others.
A fascist plaza that smells perpetually of Pizza Hut?
The West Bank IS America
Is there a better version than one tailored to their device resolution?
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with Guess on it...so I said Implants?
that sounds fantastic right now
I look forward to that post.
After posting it, I thought there are ways that it does not fit.
Scarlett,it is flippin freezin tonight here in Joe Jaaaaah...its some arctic freeze.
Balmy nights on porch  juleps soon.
My favorite show!
Summer is so much better with Psych :
Van Persie: He scores when he wants.
Tevez: He plays when he wants.
Big difference.
It's in our moment of decision that our destiny is shaped Tony Robbins.
Keep smiling.
sales motivation inspiration fitness weight loss
Mike Brown finally made a good decision..
2 first round picks for Carson!
I'll take that, Thank you very much!!!!
We speak to the men from the college pipeline to the pros, to business of football, player development to exit symposium.
missing irc with you at AoIR this year :
hahahaha he looks miserable
At home chilling on the couch.Enjoying lifee
Don't judge us for shooting somebody.
We would have happily kicked him in the head a dozen times, but we simply couldn't get close enough.
Just paid my yearly fee to Life Line...
think it is good insurance.
100.
per year per person...
Ty Wigginton RT : Who holds the singleseason rookie record for extrabase hits?
go on youtube and type in  .
Already my Brother ,it looks like we might open our offices in Miami,so ill Going back and force from Houston to Miami.
Asked if he follows racing Romney said, Not as closely as some of the most ardent fans, but I have friends who are NASCAR team owners LOL!
battleship and darkshadows at the doctorvein this weekend, who wants to go?
Many many people want to master social media, but don't know how to use it to get t their desired results.
Please share your best tips?
im still upset after hearing that the Thrashers are leaving Atlanta...but if they are going anywhere im glad that its Canada
They did have Dave Rayner in for a tryout, too.
LOVE LOVE LOVE !
Reading Wicked, and Galinda's college has quatrefoil windows :
They say music can make you and Aulture you can it load a gun and cock it to??
I didn't think so ...
we cheered when we scored a point Girl on the other team; Clam Down!
,Me; You calm down .
You did the same thing bro.
Happy Mothers' Day everyone!
How are you celebrating your mom today?
what kind do you want?!
Haven't been, but would involve music, casinos, incredible restaurants and concerts galore!
Also, no iphone support in your app for Milwaukee.
Thought you went live today?
HAha im listening to you right now 3 haha Follow me I need more followers
Our friends out west are calling for applications for their Emerging Voices Fellowship.
Why wait, act now!
...Run, don't walk!
Take the...
Ahh, I hibernated this winter : But I'm awake now!
people don't want you to give them money they want you to give them a way to earn ther money
Sign up for the Maui Mall Shoppers Club at www.mauimall.com
You moving back to Los Angeles?
Whole county is one big hood!
Why is OK to go after the 1st lady, but not Ann Romney???
Its fair game.
Deal with it righties.
Release the power that resides within you and witness the power of God...That's living the good life!
If the Housepassed cut, cap and balance plan is bad, why don't Senate Dems allow a vote, go on record against a balanced budget amendment?
New phone is totally fucking awesome!!!
Yeah, might not be a red head anymore!
I love your Blackbird even more than I love your God Bless the Child!
this is Twitter not English class, gotta get under the max characters....
Whats Oodle, my Noodle?
Whats Toaster, my Strudel?
Whats doctorwing, my doodle?
Whats that puppy, a poodle?
Comments like this only perpetuate racism itself.
I'm sorry that you feel this way.
Sammy was and is a true professorssional.
wait you mean to tell me that nobody wants to go to Amherst Mass for spring break?
Kisses to all my fans and haters, you are my biggest inspiration.
she's a cutie pie!
or text msg alert text fastmoving to 96362
you have a twitter account?!!
Lol
my work phone has been ringing off the hook today!
is that the HOOD BURGER?!
bet you ain't eat it all in one sitting
Do you use Raw Elements Sunscreen?
We want to hear from you!
Pls post pict on our FB page!
Thanks for the follow.
You should call it, and this is why i am not married yet
To be successful u have to be willing to do things others wont do.
Thats what seperates good from great, doing the little things 10 better
there's a meet here in PA in September I'm considering entering, if my wife will approve LMAO
In route for the new 1 Saturday night party!!
KlusozsSaturdays ALL LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT!
281  Redland Rd.
Join me.
doctorss nice.
Leegoooo!
We have a winner!!
RT NBC Favorites, Canadians and Floridians, Flyovers and Teams that Air Too Late to Watch
I really should study before the night of the test for French.
Cramming doesn't work great for foreign languages.
How u been my gorgeous stranger friend x
i miss ya boo
Carroll: OA is about responding to an opportunity, rather than responding to a threat.
Off tomorrow.
Just recorded a voice over at a studio that reocorded in.
I think I deserve a doctornk.
It's kind of sad that it takes a girl committing suicide to get people's attention about the problems of bullying.
Spending time with the Chief Whip of the ANC.
watching koreans karaoke.
Turns out it was just practicing with is Flacco dummy!!!!
Brewster Kahle: 10 million scanned volumes requires only a closet's worth of servers; about 30k in funds.
Doable even for modest libraries.
did u invite Ashley Judd to play?
New UST research shows 57 of homes sold in TC last month were foreclosures or short sales.
Good news: traditional home sales up 8.
Is it bad I don't want to go bridal registry shopping.
Some guy told me it took him  his wife 6 hrs What r u shopping 6 hrs for Like really
I thought I would get ahead of the curve, so today I used tons of ironic jokes for racist effect.
I hope Someday soon will follow me!!!
neversaynever right?!?
Goonsquad??????
Ha ha ha
I love heels.
I love feeling tall.
This terrible woman live tweeted with her mouth during the entire show.
My prob w it all, it's unprocessed word spew.
Shut up, watch it...
Christmas with 1b was good.
But my present isn't ok..
,
OMG LEBRON HIT A SHOT WITH LESS THAN 40 SECONDS TO GO!
OMG BUT HE SUCKS!
HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE!?
There's always going to be something that trys to get in your way of being and doing your best...
fuck what others say...
love been you.
what the hell am I going to do with all these plantains?!
Juvenile justice ideal is childoctorn can be rehab'ed w right environment  but black childoctorn were considered degenerate from birth.
Miss you too mami.
: Pasatela super!!
cater a grad party with the hotdog cart?
: DM me if that's a possibility.
Thanks!
I wish I was asleep instead of watching this blow out
oh my goodness, bring the dogs and it would be my fantasy meal.
Ive been there to perform
There's something inherently funny about a website called The Top 10 Secret Societies.
Then bowed down the cherry tree to his mother's hand.
.
Pentangles recording of The Cherry Tree Carol on the album Solomons Seal
im about to have a skype date with this kidd making fun of the lakers...t.t not looking forward to this!
u need to get wit me next time u in baltimore just ask
Healing is freedom
What if you honestly want her and not me ?
Can I come?;
Wow a 1000 julep on NBC for DerbyDay.
Yeah that's bourbon, mint, sugar, and ice  a thousand dollars.
Happy Bday to my beautiful daughter :::BIG KISSES:::
Tough loss, but what a sweet half court shot at the buzzer.
Too bad it wasn't a 2 point game.
oasis should have broken up a long time ago.
don't lie to me.
Regardless of the channel, we need to make sure ppl are mindful and responsible
Cooking channel : great events for quick and easy dishes.
TWEET YOUR RECIPES Bobby Flay
The fitness industry doesn't educate people.
Our advantage.
Hope you're having a great start to the weekend in Hampton Roads!
there's a new holmes??
BYNUM 2O SOME YRS OLD WITH ALL THAT GREY ASS HAIR!
the average lifeexpectancy of a nursing home resident at admission is 6 months.
Trauma counseling is just as important as health services.
CBB...Under 107.5 Notre Dame vs.
S.Fla....76 this week counting today's loss w/Kan.
ST...Leaned to SJST...NBA posted earlier...Good Luck!!!
Funny, only liberals have ever threatened to kill me.
Seems they don't like uppity gays.
Come out to see all the up coming shows!!!!
UABB show April 11th  Eyes Set To Kill on April 15th both at House of Rock!!!
RT
Clone of Clone of Decent Performance Not Good Enough Against Miami
Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, or another Guy Ritchie film
I told you goatees are creepy.
Go full beard or go home.
awesome, glad to hear!
Life is good, new client projects, speaking gigs.
We're healthy.
Summer's hit Chicago.
All good, lol!
Fletcher said changing laws, not enforcement, can help combat the doctorg problem.
:
Do you have a photo?
RT : Mentorings dirty little secret: Its selfishmakes you feel good about yourself and cornerstone to your success.
We 2 will play  Ultimate Sports Center,
if it dont make dollars it dont make since
But first we fix the phones.
Conan making no money.
Bad reviews.
Still wanna see it.
Bingo cards gets you the following: Pet Shop3 goldfish for 1.99.
Florist 10 off on select items.
Colin O'Brien playing at linneman's tonight as the feature.
If you aren't here, you're missing it.
Listening to Clint Black...what ever happened to him?
RT Thanks to one and all for a great asecs12!
If you stayed in a hotel, don't forget to tip the cleaning staff.
Happy Easter people!
BRITEconf folks: After requests last year, I am tweeting today's playlist tagged as BRITEtunes
A very white doctorft for the queens.
discovering the edibility of pumpkin seeds: either best or worst thing that's ever happened.
how much salt can be safely consumed?
UM, I like, miss you.
And your girlfriend.
I think everyone but me felt the earthquake.
I realize this is a mouthful, but Jay Pharaoh may be the least funny cast member in SNL history.
No Doubt
:: Ummpt , Smdh I Mad That I Forgot What He Said Bout You Thoo .

hey cupcake, you're an awesome hostess.
thanks for the wine.
you deserve a quality face fucking.
We're finally booking again!
Looking forward to seeing some familiar places and faces starting January.
Off to host an event!
you were such a pretty face, but you ended up being a pretty big waste of time.
On Pandora and about to surf some internet.
lls
Sylvia, you are too kind!
Happy Mother's Day to all the Benzie moms out there!
:
Getting more and more depressed about no Packers today
I NEED MORE SLEEP 
thanks for the invite
haha your out of office reply is amazing have a good time in barca !
hope to hear from you when you're back
Yes, this is so true.
Thanks.
Report to Twitter and SDPDdone.
Thanks.
Happy New Year!
tell me why my feel still hurt from yesterday...:
Days like today were made for Happy Hour!
I hope 2012 will bring many new opportunities!
Lol you crazy you gone have them thirsty niggas in ya inbox
ur too much of a rook to get white mocha tho
Thanks Jon
Going OK, thanks.
That House vote is very disappointing.
Always a pleasure to see you in class!!
Nope.
What's the Hershey fail story?
And does it come with and without almonds?
If you have something to say tell me directly.I tweet how I feel and never disrespect anyone who follows me or who I follow.
ok...
important question...
America needs to know, what is Gary's daily caffeine intake?
I'm coming steaming with some nerf guns hot stuff
LOL I am right there with you!
RT : Missoni at Target.
I'd be more excited if I looked good in horizontal stripes.
You rule, Jordan, thanks for the kind words.
Shared them with the team.
We're BACK online!!!
Please stop in and see us again!
Planning to walk two miles after work tonight.
That's a lot of cold fresh air.
Got gas?
Chewing gum could be the culprit, Im just saying
I know how you feel man I gotta leave Charlotte in a week
haha, the precision agency hates u too critta
Brewers Win......Now The Packers Gotta Win.
The Defense went from.bad to worse...smh
Let's get it in overtime
Make it about ME for '12!
Might as well go for round 2 tonight!
Do I look like a guy???
Resting up for what can only be a pivotal next year.
That and soldering like a fool.
Bring it, 2012.
Me and the flux pen are ready.
Happy New Year to you, Lori!!
Much success and happiness to you in the coming year.
xoxo
Ive enjoyed my days off but now Im ready to get back to business!
Same Here!!!
But We Open One : Merry Christmas!!
333
Best pass I've seen Leino make in his entire sabre career
training for scrum today.
doing things
I am so falling for you 3 : in a good mood
2012 Phenom Camper  Phenom 150: Angel King Rising 10th Las Cruces, NM Travel Team: Legends Point Guard 56
A BFHistoryLesson  today in 1965 Martin Luther King Jr.
led a group of 25,000 to the state capital in Montgomery,
I'll make sure these are on my list ;
I laugh every time I see you pin something under black people
If you want to check out some news for me and my TV Show go on iNickelodeonShows website,my website or on Nick!
...I hadn't thought of that.
Another Beautiful day in the land of MAGIC........
79F Current: Clear Wind: SW at 0 mph Humidity: 89
I hate being a girl.
nice..
did u start playing with Siri?
:
RT : Thank you all for joining our facebook page!
Here is a quick fact: According to the University of Michigan, the......
head down.
head up.
head down.
head up.
rinse.
repeat.
I am capable of managing my own life.
I deal with my own issues, I don't ask you to solve them for me.
its MY life!!
do you have a pass to the rbc??
YOU will regret this some day my Love, you will...
Fantastic Indiana Real Estate report for August: The median sale price of homes increased 1.7
i hope R starts Nelson Cruz for Hart tomorrow.
Caught my parents cuffing and shit..
Aw!
Love that feeling!
Same with sore traps.
A good day of deads will often provide both.
damn a nerd crush...a crush period
Looking forward to checking out your eChat on the internal site.
I am sure my 6yr old would love this app!
I'll bet.
I'm doctorwning in hospital bills over there.
Can't believe they charged me 3 for a Motrin.
I have not failed.
I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Thomas A.
Edison
Thank you :D
I don't feel like getting up in the morning
Be proud to be out of your mind and out of control  Eminem
Turn To You proved once again that Justin is still kidoctoruhl.
Still adoring his mom and thanking her for making him such a strong person.
8 hours from now well be seeing the Refused.
10 hrs from now we won't have voices.
Can't believe this day is finally here.
Anyone who doesn't is a big fat liar.
: Raise your hand if your bracket is in the garbage can right now.
Don't forget about Open Mic wednesdays at get down here with an instrument or just yourself!
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.
Marie Curie
Registered for the 2012 Bourbon Chase...looking forward to it already.
OK, will check it out..your response: absolutely not or ???
Please let me know if you are interested in HP P4000 certification............
its long should i cut it really short
I give you a round of applause haha :p I'm bout to be watching ur 20k ustream haha
On set filming right now...
Your site brings me happiness every day.
So many happy endings for these beautiful creatures.
Keep up the great work!
The best sessions do this: post materials in advance, meaningfully engage participants to create new.
541 VIEWS!
WOOH!
3
In losing UT committee members, I gained them again as outside letterwriters.
Not the worst thing in the world.
Helpful, even.
Just found about 8 pieces of furniture I want in the West Elm catalogue.
Happy birthday to me?
Pretty please?
swagswagswagonyou !!!!
I love youu please follow me?
well we now share the same last name and initials lol :
A warmup violation?
Were they wearing hoodies?
inda bay...
U Eva out here
Done with the graveyard shift !
Heading home!
love it!
New favorite song!
: love you!
3 follow please?
19
Wearing shorts in 58 degrees weather.
Yuup.
I feel like crying cuz I wanna be with my mommy wish she was here everyday :'
Are you performing at the Comedy Cellar in NYC any time soon?
he took a little nap and now he's his old self.
itz hard to think when my mind goes blank
The shows This Friday Jan 27,  N'AWLINS located on 170th Torrence, Lansing Il, showcase starts at 8p.m.
21 Lots of Great peformances!!
Shout out to Murphy over virginolivemarket great food!
Howdy!
Hope you're well.
RT : BTW, hi !
You'll just have to make it to the June PLN, m'dear.
MARK YOUR CALENDAR!
:D
i understand, rooting for sports teams is emotional, not usually logical.
IKR!!!
i mean seriously why would someone do that
i love watching on ABDC!!
ive been a fan of his dancing for a while  this is just AMAZING!
: 
I just want to cry
To get followers you need to start following.
Find the right people to follow and then they will give the word to follow you.
Big wind storm thismorning in SaltLakeCity.
Power is out all over town.
The Davinci tech team is amazing and our power never went out!
Is anyone having issues with MobileMe ?
if you bring me a firefighter I might be ok with it?
Let's go grocery shopping!
question have you seen Razor or The Plan?
How many people from the U.S.
are visiting London for ds12 at the end of May?
I know there's a sponsored delegation.
perk ...raining men?
Crosseyed man saw that I was sitting next to him on the plane and lifted our shared arm rest up before even I sat down.
This should be fun.
What?
doctorke never made it to Oregon?
Oh snap there goes the legend of 1 Eyed Willy!
yes I did.
I'll look forward to that email.
Nice : Seen and tweets following last night's Late Night performance?
Unscramble this spy word, DM or reply answer and I'll DM you the CovertTU password for tonight!
The word: FRAITNILTOIN
Wish yuh were too!
exactly you have no come back bc you know it's true.
What's for lunch?
Ron Paul's NO ONE BUT PAUL money bomb breaks two million dollars!
: wpa11 Thoughtprovoking presentation by on participation.
How do we/ should we assess it?
Thanks for coming!
Excelling is a pilgrimage whose course and duration cannot be seen 
omg I love that song!!
Bahah it's been stuck in my head all day!
Whistling Straits is Kohlerowned, but in Sheboygan.
It's quite a pretty setting, even if you're not into golf.
Genius line RT RT Group headed by Magic Johnson has bought the 640M Mega Millions jackpot for 2.1B
Have to refocus myself I forgot what I was about and what I looked forward to its never to late
your nu look make u more fabulicious!
E
got you....
DM me your email addoctorss....
Okay I have to say something.
If I don't make money with art I can't buy materials or eat.
Marketing is essential for me.
where u at?
not here.
LOL!
Duke football and tough place to play should never be used in the same sentence.
Thanks.
P.
Diddy should just show up in a tux made from 1000 bills.
Let's be serious
thanks for all the RBB support!
Stay tuned for cool Red Black  Blonde DVD and comic news coming this summer
RT : 2012GEO Dave Greco at NFF says more nonprofessorts need to ask themselves 'what is the fully loaded cost of operating our...
Got some good work in this morning now tournament later tonight
Google for Entrepreneurs Hits Nashville
We know there has to be a fit between our Security professorssionals and the Security Staffing needs your organization has to fill.
might know someone.
Go fuck yourself with a corn cob.
I think it would be VERY interesting to invite ACTUAL teens to come to any training for libraries that is ABOUT teens  ask them to comment.
Air on one day.
Heat on the next.
Dear Weather, get it together.
Wait.
They're remaking The Thin Man with Johnny Depp  Debra Messing?
Oh no
RITZ2 this Friday  FREE FOR ALL!!
Ladies FREE Ciroc Shots ALL NIGHT !!
10 Pitchers  5 Wings 
Greater men have tried and failed to besmirch your honor, sir.
You definitely could mess with Texas.
What gigs do you WANT in the SFBayArea?
Promoters let us help you!
Sign on to Shastic.com and take advantage of Viral Mktg in Facebook!
follow me :
Prolly my favorite song to play on the guitar.
Makes me wanna grow.
No mention of the 28.79 second tater trot?!
that makes me smile lots.
Does she have a name?
RETWEET IF U HAVE Bieber Fever
Great article and reminder to all that SocMed is the fuel but facetoface instills credibility.
cc:
Washington State Cougars Cougars Basketball  Pendant  Sterling Silver Jewelry
karma is similar 2 ur shadow it follows u whereever ur going but in due time it'll stepped out of your flesh  show your true identity.
Anyone else think Braun could have had an inside the park hr last night had he not fell down?
Excellent fan base tonight!
Guy across from me in the library is writing a paper while wearing sunglasses.
Did I mention we are in the basement?
Pleased with this morning's Job Search Networking Group.
10 participants, lots of great ideas about using LinkedIn and Twitter in a search
I just added milliondollardiva to my wish list  even though I'm a man.
;
So I'm really sick and I can't find anyone to work for me/Beth
It's not too late.
: It has just occurred to me how quickly I'm growing apart from my high school friends.
and then you can start flight shopping in earnest!
So tired of the rain
Daughter is hysterical.
She says it's because she doesn't want to go to bed.
But we both know she's upset about D.
Rose.
moving on.
Our 1st ONLINE SPECIAL is here!
Buy any 5 session pack,  get 2 sessions FREE!
7 for 5!
Our way of saying Happy Holidays to you!
NowDec31st
Can I Get A Hello Gorgeous?
Or I Love You Brianna?: Please3
RT : does that also go for machines in Atlantic City and in casinos everywhere??
Yes
There are more than 1 million people living in the U.S.
w/ HIV/AIDS.
has been serving this community in NV for 25 years!
see also: The Middle East.
he's staying til tuesday....surprise!
Have a safeflight1D aawww, we're so sweet ;
Turns out I'm not allergic to chigger bites but to poison ivy.
Good point, hadn't even thought of that.
Would there be an uproar if Nike put a much bigger swoosh across the chest?
same..
there's a compass/sass  responsive bof right now i think
and Steven A Smith are ridiculous.
You can't blame Melo for these losses.
You guys are so unfair.
Keep an eye on our website, www.savescreenonthegreen.com, or on Twitter for the latest weatherrelated news!
: lol yh follow me back one time too!
loll I was done following u Shane.
Headed to SOFA New York and then into Brooklyn for 's bday party!
hey I'm thinking about doing a juicing fast for 30 days and then starting the paleo diet again.
What you think?
I'm sorry but if all your pictures on your twitter are all of you doing the same pose everyday i'm just going to think your conceited.
Woke up with sore neck not the best for going to gym.
This 5 am morning thing got to stop what the heck?
So far this month I have used 90 minutes of outofnetwork minutes and sent 1200 text messages.
The modern world is a little unsettling ...
Next episode...we're talking about gaming!
Roleplaying games, video games what have you!!
Author Verne Meyer will speak  11AM session on relational approaches to teaching
Happy Birthday all the same!
feeling alone an weak
Philly Bound bout to go prom shopping
Yes, we were discussing your Accidental Conversations book, and the fact that many conversations that seem accidental are not!
Why, thank you!
RT : you are a doctoram come true.
It's already scheduled on the planning/construction web site...
I'm enjoying this too, btw..
Happy 176th birthday to Mark Twain!
Reread Huck Finn for a full range of American masculinity!
Just found Gaithers A Christmas Homecoming...OMG, talk about memories!
Favorite song is Amen, by Larnelle Harris
Uh oh...
Should I have said goodbye before leaving for the week?
Or are you among the first?
i love it when they call me a faggot when they're one too lol
agreed noheart timeforchange literally fed up at this point....hard to even watch them
is it showing in Columbus?
I want to see it :
My Mom Has Raised Me With No Dad
You know you have my vote.
denny's for the win!
I aim for perfection in everything,nothing more nothing less!
In a chance to reach perfection we catch excellence
thank you for being a supporter!
God bless you friend!
Bout to watch Think Like A Man
Hey how are you??: I Love You!3
Not crazy about snow in April!
Great time to get some last minute winter photos though!
i wish you would notice me just once :
I don't see why anyone would want to be on the Madden cover
I haven't checked this, but I think a lot of my large tweet lengths are due to links.
I'm sorry everyone is freaking out  I'm happy for you if anything :
Just got done with the 6...
still awed by the awesome power of and love those guys.
My List 1.
Sleep all day.
ChEcK
is doing a free giveaway tonight!!!!!!
FREE S2LC gear!!!!
Seriously don't miss out and look into the brand!!!
Loyal few.
uh, just did the exact same thing.
Whoops....
Oh  and if you wanted to know what it was without clicking the link: The Kamikaze Hearts  Half of Me
Thanks to the people would follow me!!
Friday Facts!
on the www.knowledgesafari.com blog is about diabetes, pls join the conversation!
trying to motivate myself to go to Zumba this morning.
follow instructions, follow directions and be ready to walk through the door  no excuses, asking no favors!
yeah i know what u mean I dont b adding no one myself..
Damn near everyone on my fb requested me
Create a new account?
of course you did ;
What problems have you had with credit card companies?
Enjoy earth day tonight at 6P as Kiehl's Lenox Square unveils the limited edition Kiehl's Superbly Restorative Body Lotion.
You may want to delete the tweet you send with hash tag JMT.
it is being used by naughtie peep.
Moroney: opinion has no place in news; that seems to run counter to the trend of journalists embracing their community role.
lies, I try to be
thanks for the follow, check out my stuff if you have time, the links on the page Con
When I Get Home, I'm Going Straight To Sleep......Well I Gotta Eat Too
we debatin who curter like reall tiana its Prodigy n u knw it
One thing I don't think I'll ever really adjust to  the intensity of Midwestern thunderstorms.
Repelling a piano from the 2nd floor?
Done!
4c12 was my 5th C's, and I finally figured out the book exhibit: go as early as possible on Thurs and then as late as possible on Sat.
FutureMusicMogulTeams let's crush it next Saturday!
In honor of doctorke's arrival to Albuquerque, I'll be saying YOLO after all my posts.
YOLO!!
I hope so, i hope i have money by the time the tickets are out, if not then idk, but i really really hope so.
opened11 comments?
My university's upcoming edtech conf asks How do we leverage technology to keep faculty at the center of education?
Hm what shall I do this wonderful weekend?
maybe the leave will double my salary!
: I liked bench coaching.
I felt all powerful.
Skin needs hydoctortion all the time.
Dehydoctortionleads to a doctor, rough, and patchy skin, and for oily skin, it can make your skin so greasy.
We're off to Growing Power for a really big announcement.
More to follow...
My day is made :
Home sweet home!:
Excellent, sir.
Nice work.
:: Hee Was Likee Lydia , Lanaira , jekayla ,  Dearra all be tripping .
Like he said something bout you and a boy .
lhh idk
I got a rough summer ahead of me...
Heard Nikita is renewed so happy about it.
Hope we see you on it next season.
Miss you!
I guess the weekend is over!
School in the morning, so the Col.
is heading to bed with a good StanleyBrothers CD playing.
GN and God Bless
OH: you can't cook with a full diaper!
I don't have stats either but I find many of my son's classmates say they are taking time off to work and don't return
that was dope!
its comin sooner than we think fam...i got some records to send you from an artist he next up
Merry Christmas, everyone!
The Cameron family has been smiling since we began our annual Danny Glover movie marathon this morning.
Just recycled about 5lbs of junk paper mail that I had let pile up.
I want to work at Sea World /:
yo u did it again.
it says but the other day it said else.
how did u do that
Hurricane Irene is not going to stop a pastry girl
Cowboys never cease to leave me miffed.
I could have made that pick.
RT : Cancer's have trouble letting go.
Congrats to homeland!
BEST showtime doctorma series by far!
iow always mediated
Kory Quinn plays at home in Southeast Portland during a recording session for the American Music Preservation Project.
Alabama's game plan in the 2nd half is kneel down 3 times  punt out of bounds.
With LSU specals teams out of the game they can't score.
Mariano Rivera is truly a class act.
By not pitching for the rest of the year.
It's allows plenty of rest for his arm.
Whichever one of my fb friends that liked that pic of dell!!
Thank you!!!
Thank you!!!
There's a sophomore in my algebra 2 advanced class playing with tamagachis
Thank you!
After a notsogreat travel day, we're here and ready to do absolutely nothing :
patience is so not my virtue
yeah, that was disturbing.
MyFavoritePhrases You still got a chance to live, even though you're dead wrong.
Thanks for the MT!
Hope you guys are faring well during the mass student exodus.
tweeting my life away, searching for a better way, for me.
.
.a little updating for the old Eddie Rabbitt song
haha!!
YES...thank you for just making my day SouthAfricanSwag boyswhoquoteMeanGirls 
Keep your head up!
Never look down!
High selfesteem is the key to being happy.
And I don't mean be cokky and overly confident!

wendell, glorious and gorgeous
it still links to  from the  twitter logo on your site
was  the game  you didn't get one call.
Beat to death in lane.
9 assists.
Pretty good.
wut happened to him??
Some biz still believes in the build it they will come concept.
It takes a strong foundation of credibility  appreciation 2 yield action.
Waiting in my car to get in for the openingday and the SUV next to us gave us jello shots!
not too creep on your convo...but my mom says she likes Cody cuz of me but I'm not sure!
Can't blame her tho!
Election Day/Night without is just not the same.
Happy I can at least follow his work online.
Looks great, Paul.
I've never seen someone wear pajama jeans....
Until now
Said he will marry me!Lol c;
So far the BRBloggerdoctorft is going perfectly for me as a Browns fan.
Now just have to hope a good RT or Weeden doctorps to 37.
I can't believe I'm eating dinner at 1am.
It's a night shift thing.
Has nobody designed a shell terminal that runs in a browser environment so that URLs grepped from a text would actually be clickable?
I'm gonna open a restaurant called the Karma Cafe.
There will be no menus, you'll only be served what you deserve.
LOL.
If you have come over again I have a futon with your name on it.
:
haha!
so sorry gene.
it was fun playing with all you sharks!
Prom?
How old are my followers b?
Of course.
Let's go this wknd.
RT : R u inviting me to dinner at ?
That was hot
no time for the negativity!
to focused on the positive!
so if you aint bout that im not bout you!
only roll with those who go hard!
People hate reading but bitches love reading bout One Direction.
Did I mention I take my last final exam tomorrow..
At 9:30am.
FML I guess I should sleep.
hahaha : true3 I love your new video :P
My car alarm has gone off 7 times now.
Sorry to anyone on East.
haha yeah we will!
:
It is raining at the Apple buildings near Parmer and MoPac
any videos up yet??
God doesn't need me to understand fully in order to obey completely.
Steven Furtick
Okay then
lol Yup baby 
Football Sunday and all feels right.
No problem!
Congrats!
RT So, the Imagination Diet?
0o
Scored yet another jingle gig!
Woot!
It's good to know that long after I am gone from this mortal realm, my jingles will live on.
JINGLE!
Literature is the memory of humanity.
Isaac Bashevis Singer
It's National Library Week!
Celebrate and share why you belong in a UW Library
I've been wondering this too!
Let me know what you hear about
Ha  I miss the light brown MM's, too!
Welcome to the right side of history, mister President.
Now close Gitmo.
it was such a great time!
Thanks again Julie!
..
sorry I sneezed:
How old are you?...
BO.
haha what grade are you  your sister in?
Greece had too much debt, rose taxes to create revenue, incomes shrank, and now look at them.
Should the US raise taxes, too?
I think not.
Hooray!!
RT You're going to the chapel  you're gonna get married!
Isn't it?!
I loved it there.
Take some pics for me!
Whats good keep on the lookout for me!!!
ooh really?
For soccer we play at the same time.
Ones home and the other is away
lets just go this weekend
heyy theree; can you please follow me 3:D
Last call  help NAWBO support WHYY for an onair telethon Thursday, 6/9, 511 p.m.
Reply back or DM if interested!
Everyone, EXCEPT for Hilton, should also leave work early
What is the deal with college football teams not wearing their colors?
I.E.
Where is Washington's purple?

I think when its said and done, the end of his career will look a lot like Favre and Jordan.
Live tweeting the oscars central time who you got?...
tweet me I will Tell you how wrong you are
It's really hard to watch the Duke Carolina game with
I think this would be a super hot scene: and
Your a 90s kid?oh shiiiiiit cool me too
Student Loan Debt Slaves In Perpetuity  A True Story Of quot;Bankruptcy Hellquot;
for a minute I confused Kate Upton with Kate Middleton and had a royal ladyboner.
I can't wait to have a housewarming party!
Khan is on 60 Minutes tonight
When you find the answer to that question, let me know :
Taliban Launch Coordinated Attacks Across Afghanistan Taliban suicide bombers and gunmen barraged Kabul and struck at least three provinc
OMG I love strippers!
Benjamin Franklin He that is of the opinion money will do everything may well be suspected of doing everything for money.
got it on the books
Your welcome ,
RT : RT : Try something, see what works, see what fails miserably, learn, rinse, repeat  ONACamp love it!
Passover and Easter.
Sounds like a great time to reconnect with loved ones, reflect upon degrees of freedom, and gaze at cherry blossoms.
:D
Thanks for the RT!
Join us for our AHA Quarterly meeting today from 24 at St.
Therese Church
Way to end on a high note!!
I am also a big fan of the cinnamon life as well.
For the healthy breakfast!
:
Chuy...did hack that account?
Your prints are all over it!
If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving...
The avengers is worth the watch!
There was an OccupyPunzo rally at the statehouse this morning.
Dont let them keep you down,
Learners always find time to learn..
kudos!!
happy birthday big DAWG!
Hope you have a great one!
Yay!
Glad you liked it!
omg, I LOVE this!
you were such a great dance partner.
let's do it again soon!!
I miss you too 3 We need to talk more often
Just got myself some free Taiwanese food truck thanks to the Snapple promo.
Thanks guys!!!
YUM!
It seems I only have peace on twitter in the mornings when the kidos on here are sleep
OMG.
I laughed so hard reading this.
Super funny take on
did I just stop for you on a crosswalk on 2nd St in ColumbusIN?
It looked like you.
That's a high contender for the worst picture of me floating around on the internet.
LastTimeUNLVbeatSDSU I was still an undergrad Aztec unsure if I'd be accepted into my grad program.
I'm nearly done with my MA now.
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there
What up girl, heard you're single
Stories don't write themselves.
Telling them well looks easy, but requires a great deal of work.
saw TV ratings for doctorft; CLE had highest ratings.
It really is our Super Bowl
In the sea of food choices, all I could come up with is pop tarts  a diet dew.
Happy new years!
poker maximus plo8...lets do this....
i dont have anymore question
I've been doing my chores and just scored a Double Rainbows  Epic Win!
www.EpicWinApp.com
Oh.
My.
Gosh.
I wish Granny G was my grandma.
hahaha damn it's playing the same way for me I don't get it
Thanks for coming out and supporting tonight.
Appreciate it!
that dude looks super ruthless!!
haha!
Thanks bud!
RT A Real Man Will Stay No Matter What
Spending the morning hanging out w/the Class of 1962.
Even wore tights w/my doctorss so the ladies don't think I'm trashy.
ASMI doctorss off to Australia!
now its time for the red carpet countdown!!
RT Indianapolis tomorrow to broadcast the B1G women's basketball tournament  UW v.
Minnesota, 5pm central for
holds you tighter
Lolz Penis While Watching The Vido
TRAFFIC: Crash  Williamson Street  Dickinson 
True or False Crowd singing Satisfaction along to 45 recording by Stones about to rock historic cold as
I swear that I really don't know if I cans handle another year of this
Tired, still recovering from my cold,  a little behind in my work, but somehow I'm in a good mood :
Blue Mass medicine 1860s 9000x safe dose of mercury salts.
Did Hooker take for VD?
GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL 2.99 AmazonKindle Women
Thanks for the tweet.
That's a good one.
Have you read The Passage by Cronin yet?
It's narrated by and is excellent.
I keep finding excuses to listen to it
I am getting the photos together for my big show at sfo in November.
Ice, snow and axes are the themes I'm going for.
It's gonna be cool
You know what your problem is...you're a SLACKER!
Well it is!!!!
Let us know when, is there a limit?
thanks, Shannon!
Following you as well, we will have to get you a pizza when we open :
I've seen people break shit just so they can fix it and look like a hero.
Like firemen starting fires, same thing.
sysadmin :
I love you muchooo amounts
haha Helen, you forgot to put me on that tweet
Next thursday!
RT : u in the bay yet?
Amen!
RT : If you aren't tweeting the whole time during
: Yes, it's definitely lost.
Ha...!
Brewers are killing it!!!
yea i need that leg room..
:
I hate when I talk to people with sweet Bluetooth headsets and they never look me in the eye and call me things like honey.
It's just rude
Happy Sunday and Happy Easter to everyone!!
Improve every day.
Why you always gotta be fresh?!?!
the best revenge is a Super Bowl win  that wont happen w/ TEN
oh shucks!
:o
Newt got got pnwd
L96 cocking indicator fix piston head
Joe Flacco is most definitely NOT the best qb in the nfl
Happy Birthday :
wheres that at?
that looks amazing!
Just doctorw an amazing DUBSTEP picture hahaha
Watching Kyndle sing with her All State Tennessee Choir
isn't this a great story !
Up super earlier than early!
Time to get in a few workouts before starting a super long to do list!
Fuck twitter.
DELETE!
I ask for my tea in a mug,  once again get a paper cup.
This eco shift to mugs as the new normal is slow!
alas.
Lmao!!!
RT : Stashed hella mothers day cards in Walmart yesterday.
Went back to find em all still in tact 
: Can you follow me please please please?
HUGE fan : You bet cha!
Another week at home.
Stop being so cute you two!
Sickeningly adorable you are!
Love and miss u both xx
Read me please!!
that's the worst.
I made vid sub rnd then heard nothingmaybe next season?
I have great speech therapy softwareany advice for getting on?
Horrible execution on the final play!
Ugh I don't get my phone until Friday.
thanks so much dude.
Sorry it's taken so long to get back to ya
mindstate.
only let people into level 1 or 2
go to sleep
Ha : ur right.
I'm married!
No crack'n here
My biggest concern is pesticides...
I've been doing A LOT of research on them over the past year or so.
Scary stuff.
Just had the most pleasant moby ride.
Reagan is looking forward to making an apple pie with Grandpa
A1: Being on Facebook, for some companies, allows fans to interact with you not just as a company or brand but as a person.
Congrats!!
We will enjoy watching you school the German players...
Let students lead some of the class discussions, give them the power to addoctorss issues and control some of the direction
got into candy?
BWWAHHAAAAA...
snort, grunt...
Mexican fans are booing when Honduras passes backwards...
They seem to be trying to call out Honduras for not being aggressive...
Solis Energy is your source to provide a reliable, continuous power solution to keep your business up and running.
www.SolisEnergy.com
i followed
ConfessionNight I don't ever want to grow up
Among those in the packed courtroom this morning is retired 290th judge Sharon MacRae.
Not here: Baby Ava.
why miss Johnson 
depends is that pink and blue?
if yes then yes I love it!
what preytell is butt rock?
: Ok, they may not be the absolute MOST important but thinks so...certainly helpful tips in my opinion
If it was a I really want to take this gotta go  I get that but a I have to take some frivolous tells me I'm not valuable.
ok , study tyme :o i shall be back in say 15 min' ?:.
Who are you using now?
I appreciate the well wishing  don't hunk I've ever had too much of that!
Hoping you have a great week too!!
The museum prints them as the museum's holiday card and are not for sale.
So sorry about that.
Thanks to for a great night of conversation, commiseration, doctornks, and wasabi fries!
Thank You
Oh.
Well, then, I guess that helps.
My goal was about 50 books, not including picture books.
I think I can handle that.
Good luck.
Scott Free styling the beach boys for the Grammys tonight!!
no but you want to think about what your future employers will be looking for.
Using Twitter, Tumblr etc is one way.
Cal has tumors?
Is he ok!
Will he eer coach again!
So many ?'s RT : Mike d'antoni resigns, so here comes the yearly calipari tumors
Weekly capoeira sessions not good enough.
Want to do it 4 times a week :p
Kill it out there tonight fellas Tebow aint gettin no where on our
haha he's a really awesome guy:
Quote of the day: The SMPS DC banner has its own social life
Happy Monday!
have a blast tonight and congrats on the new space!
Thanks dude.
This rain got me like BLAH 
A bus station is where a bus stops.
A train station is where a train stops.
On my desk, I have a work station..
time to get ready.
byetwitter muaah 
hm i technically had a mini three some with two guys, not sex but yeah..
i'm 8th grade..
Whenever I walk into my chemistry class I Just feel a rush of overwhelming anger
I'll put Stephen Hannock on my list, sounds promising.
Hey it's 40.
Don't Mess with Texas!
I was thinking the same thing haha.
It would be a blast but would take 10x longer...I imagine it would be a blast though
does it say that you assume people are functional?
;
The browns are so dumb
I'm going to take this as you calling me a Super Hero.
What's my special power?
Not something lame like talking to fish.
UD can do the same thing and is a better defender he's useless
Ask Julius Caesar ...
Thousands of minors in SD County are enrolled in alternative education/schools.
Daytime curfews threaten their freedoms!
No curfews!
don't think that's it...but it makes no sense....oh well....
I have seriously thought about setting up a twitter account for this very tag.
He's hardly seen any movies, ever.
hey girl!
Tx for connecting!
Some vids may be louder than others, so try them all, but tx for letting me know...about to update
Vacation Day 1: Flu, Chicken Noodle, Tazo Earl Grey, tall Pike Place, less than 100 words of a short, possible fever, 0 pages read, 1 tweet.
10thingsthatareattractive being in a band
Godaddy and Yahoo have to be two of the most worthless 'net companies around.
What do you expect?
Heading to makino chaya.
On a mission to get
that was a deep tv moment!
that was one helluva hit !!
What do you find most appealing about the new Veloster?
haha yea, we don't have to pay for them b/c we are born with them!
Maybe they just don't understand that.
but that's the same sugar that's in an apple or any other fruit or vegetable basically.
By the way, thanks for blacking out the YouTube feed of the IIHF games you aren't televising.
The Bible can be read aloud in 70 hours.
If you dont believe meIm free most of next week
We are working on some cool bots!
watch this space :
fine.
I get to pick the picture though.
So, arod is overpaid then, right?
is that a McDonald hash brown ?
Back at Union Sq Park since March is split.
Hard to have a march on the sidewalk.
Fk the NYPD.
I am TrayvonMartin and the 99
this myth has been busted
who ya got?
i like yo tweets.
top three
THANK GOODNESS IT'S FRIDAY!
33 
Getting some tremendous spam subject lines today
RT : The Fray's version of the National Anthem just retroactively lost World War 2 for us.
Good health
Well Denver gave up this game.
OKC won't tho.
It's going to be a good second round Faker fans.
Failure as proven to be the single best way for human beings to learn  when you learn you succeed Let's make the best out of our failures
.
In the USA petrol costs 3/US gallon, which is 0.51/litre.
but it does require significant reform.
Thank you!!!
Now instead of breaking the pick on TV, we get Gruden saying I'd be shocked if soandso doesn't go here.
Slick move.
I wish that at the end of every movie they wrote everyones twitter names than the credits .
Am super excited for tomorrow's big night!!!
Launch of Get Classical at the Rose Bar.
Today could be a big day with the team
Can you be here by 6:15pm?
A TV crew is going to be here and wants to put some NewPal students on air.
thats so awesome!
Fuck it huh ...
.
dam bitches pissed me off ...
: just give up hah lakers ain't wining tonight..
Whoah!
Big news.
Congrats and good luck.
Erl12 preserving ebooks.
The difference between ebooks  digital collections is that ebooks are static.
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common.
They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
Wonderful meeting you today, Ashley!
I'd always heard such lovely things about you!
:
Go get the new update for the Twitter app!
We should hang out when you're back in Milwaukee.
We Love One Direction
Sorry I have been away from my Twitter account for a bit.
Doing well!
How are you?
Goddammit.
Hit a snag in my bike assembly.
HAD all of the parts I needed, but one of the dinosauresque shifters broke while reinstalling :
The email ending in 69 because my innocent middle school mind didn't know what that number meant.
PREPare for me to run you over ;
Just watched OurAmerica on OWN.
Real tv, no gimmicks.
Real life situations that didn't leave me feeling negative about the victims.
ohh your gay!
Let's skate!!
lol!
Sorry we couldn't talk last night Thank you SO much for the guidance last week!
XoXo
Havin' a breakdown, and it's the 2nd week of classes.
Wish you were here to brighten my day, chica.
Miss you  your weirdness.
That means SO much :
TheSaddestPart I'm out of skittles
TONIGHT!
Dec 6  6:30 McGuinn 121 UNITED IN ANGER: ACT UP.
S.Schulman will screen a short documentary.
Chicago, Madison, Boston, LA, NYC publiced are all one.
yeah, no phone , not even a department!
so ur offensive coach cant get a visit ever?
..
Many thanks for the follow!
Happy New Year!
I believe tomorrow I will be riding to fridaycoffeeclub in the fattest way.
:D I need a break from the skinny tires.
Parent's just don't understand why don't parent's understand .
Walking to that BA building.
Im Good Just sitting around on the computer for now.
What made you so Exhausted?
Twitter pet peeve: unnecessary hashtags.
Stop turning phrases into hashtags, PLEASE.
Your willingness to look at your darkness is what empowers you to change.
Iyanla Vanzant
Seen at her work.
Kinda weird seeing people you know outside school.
Or just certain people I guess
Cardinals are gonna suck now hahaha!!!
We take lines that have meaning to us, sometimes from Ovid, sometimes from the OC
Democracy and empowerment constrained by select designers?
Is this full empowerment?
I'm pissed...
LOL OMG SARAH.
its just like how you'd pronounce kaitlyn but i just spell it different: its pronounced normally.
lol.
I remember my days in my state employee union.
They were fraught with tension  possibility; solidarity is real/possible!
aw that's cool and it is black xD
lol he must have forgot to give both of us our rewards
I did say 'rarely'...
I'm a Trekkie too!
lmao!
lol nothing, nothing at all :D
REMIX Electronic Dance Music is without a doubt the dominant music genre right now.
With that said, other music genres have definitely b
Who wants my 10k Tweet
I just see the Stella!
The Lord is so good.
His love is unfailing!!
I know I am, but someday I'll get some.
I already have ideas, I just don't know where I want them.
DUNES n zines
Everyone should at least try the DEMO :
I agree w/ all of ur comments...explains a lot.
Unacceptable behavior, behind 8 ball.
in end, fans are the real losers here
of course girl!
right now :3
At the end of game they should play 2v2, NBA Jam style.
That would be some fun.
I would pick KG and Pierce every single time.
Caught The Mystery of Irma Vep tonight at the Everyman Theatre.
Great energy and very funny.
Recommended!
Runs until December 19th.
If ur ready for a beer after ur turkey come see us!
We're open on thanksgiving at 6 pm!
Minn.
Episcopals elect openly gay bishop while Vatican courts expat Anglicans.
Is hating gays the new Ecumenism?
Despite rumors to the contrary, former First Lady Julia Grant remains remarkably wellpreserved for her age.
But I think that's better...
builds anticipation.
I finished the series with a sad sigh...
I didn't want it to be over!
Yo is that the girl??
Took photograph of broken mirror How many years bad luck is that?
Since it's derivative artwork I think I can get off with 3 to 5 years
Before U diagnose yourself w/ depression or low selfesteem,1st make sure that U R not,in fact,just surrounded by assholes.
William Gibson
is there such a thing as a guy that's TOO sweet??
not much : just school and everything else in the world...
what about you??
Working on a new trailer to premiere before Red Tail Reborn at Oshkosh.
Hahaha that and some buffalo wings : LMAO!
you should do it over easy, resembles more of their cousins!
Tracey must be pissssssed!
Sparring stripe today.
Test is next week.
Woot!
I hate giving people explanations.
Mind your own freaking business.
i need a manger and agent any help or contacts u know
was that always part of the plan?
And this is why TSA needs to pat down grannies  toddlers.
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 64
Sorry for being absent this weekend..
Lots of holiday stuff..
Etc.
Look for new micropoems and new poetry on my wordpress later tonight!
YES!
RT Life is short, earth is big, travel NOW!
Don't deny Love.
let out, let in.
Why are so many people unfollowing me?
TT
I wanna find my peaceful zone.
I kno my money zone.
I kno my party zone.
But that's temporary highs.
Searching for true fulfillment.
You look exhausted and depressed omg bby hahahaha
remember my birthday last year  you guys were awesome  got all of Club Brady to sing to me?
haHAA yes it's a plan unless it's on graduation day like it is tomorrow.
Or maybe I'll just skip it.
I dunno we'll see haa.
Uni risotto w white truffles at Spiaggia.
Perfectly cooked!
Tim Love doesn't know what he's talking about.
I love your albums!
I listen to them all the time!
You are a big inspiration to me!
Please make a public statement in support of YW Raleigh workers  cmty.
Help YW heal  renew!
The women and sane men of America applaud and support your decision.
Freedom covers speech and the ability to pull your ads
dish blockbuster movie pass
Super D' Duper Tired
Thanks for the shout out!
It's not too late to look and feel great before the summer is over.
Call now for your free consultation.
3rd Rice3DS Pitch: SwagItUp.
Social voting for a fashion hipness rating.
Founders reasoning: Vanity Expression Recognition Notoriety.
Happy weekend wishes from
Oh noes!
Hope you can manage!
xo
I must take a crate or a mouth piece for chully .
It lets do it lol
Follow me please:d Followed!!!!
nf my big head buddy that i never see!
nccetl educational professorssionals need to help kids realize their digital footprint matters/don't throw them to sharks!
I can't say Boiler Up...I'm already in trouble with my boyfriend for carrying the bag that I was generously sent.
We didn't have a loving mom but were lucky to have grandma  an aunt to help fill the void.
Kudos to all women who do this.
Are you related to Joel Pett ?
His agent ?
Seem to be only person in KY defending him.
Did you hear his seg.
On Radio
Work is not going to be fun today
Sucks about cp3.
I would hate for the LODs commish in my fantasy league to cancel any deal
Home, Where i can look ugly and enjoy it.
I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS!
Found Walking Dead on netflix today.
2 observations: 1Great show; 2 I'm a bit more jumpy when car alarms go off now
lucky for you guys, we gave you the ball twice!
So hard to leave the facility on beautiful day like this!!
Baby poop is the phrase of the day 
Gobblegobble Happy Thanksgiving!
Can't wait to dig into that home made pumpkin pie!
will you bring me breakfast in bed?
:3
Fact: One in every nine people on Earth is on Facebook.
What time are you going?
I don't get off work until 7.
thank yo for the mention, Bobbi
I've been following for awhile  gr8t commentary on life, politics, humanity!
hey dude music is up!
hey my best friends model for
It's Mom's Day weekend, people.
:D
here's one for you Geri !
what happened?!!!
Why is everyone sad?!
great!
Started a new job last month, at a PR agency in Detroit.
What are you up to?
My phones gonna die damn!!!
Chucky Cheese is just a casino for the underaged.
Wallace: No one is saying we shouldn't help poor people.
Sorry if I used rhetoric, we need to look at the consequences.
OK!
im freaking out!
;D I love you3
She going RIDE this DICK n HAVE a LONG DAY!
I followed Firehouse Subs on Twitter.
They posted, proudly, a photo of Vick in one of their stores.
Unfollowed  told them why.
People eating Chipotle and Five Guys at the airport at 7am.
Yeap.
I'm in America.
Help!
My principal wants to share school photos w/ the community but keep the albums private.
What photo sharing site should we use?
Yea it's my fault why we fallin apart
Don't say that John!
: Tomorrow will be better.
hugs 3
Good morning, may the grace of God be with you today!
waiting near Park Street for a train we have noticed that the quality of subway musicians has decreased while their quantity has increased.
The wall is open and the party os hoppin at The Belmont!
Come have a fantastic doctornk!
It helps to have a company valued at nearly 10 bn.
I don't get the tieins at all.
Ur team always loses.smh RT : the game is on you know better!
lol
Lmao that was a funny as tweet 
ATTENTION ALL ZENDAYAFANPAGE2 FOLLOWERS WE ARE NOW ON FACEBOOK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
our name is Zswagger Coleman
Webster copied that prepared statement almost word for word from statement on Fridaycheck out his timeline
I would love to!
Bad news guys...
Ashley Poole has decided to leave Lady Phoenix..
Good news is Melissa and Diana will REMAIN working on Lady Phoenix!
My cab had puddle in it.
Where is summer legit I want school to end already
I am slightly happy to report that Clique Vodka works.
Oh I always thought you were from Harlem
I'm wondering if you've already been to France and back w/ Ken?
Has there ever been a bigger choke artist in college hoops than Stallings?
Orange county ny
Always interested in feedback on what your found the most challenging if you feel like sharing.
All men are alike in their promises.
It is only in their deeds that they differ.
what the hell is going on here?
Having a sharp memory is great, but sometimes the ability to forget is a lot better.
Wowsuch kindness for LinkedIn help!
Joon's one of the most knowledgeable business advisors that I've met in my 20 yrs as an entrepreneur
Follow me love ya
MC Donalds for breakfast I think yes
why do we have the same amount of followers haha
lol at where have you been.
i like how rihanna stans are defensive about the video not having to make sense yet they always criticize gaga.
Great first mission everyone!
Happy Easter, Amber will be opening at 8pm this evening.
Enjoy the day!
would Miller Park be built using your logic?
Brewers were perennial losers when Miller Park debate was happening right?
This cold don't even face me..
Omg I haven't been on here in forever....
lol
never leave the one you love for the one you like because the one you like will leave you for the one he loves 3
I love you,plz answer me!
:B i love your voice and your hair is awsome :D
Celebrate 40 years since the Summer of '69 with special 69.00 rate for a Fri, Sat or Sun
or like I said snatch up the Maschine.
Why do i have like 3 english essays due in the next week what is this
It's Saturday!!
The market is getting ready to open.
It looks like a beautiful morning, so come out  see us :
I never thought that'd it'd be so simple but, I found a way I found a way if you open up your eyes
Listen at 4:30p as and announce the Fan Friendly Franchises of the Year nominees.
language is always imprecise.
As Hegel said, you can't eat fruit
You already know Kobe savin all the good ish for the playoffs brodie
Thank you!
I'll let everyone know you like it.
:
Are we being rallied to battle for Mixie Rights??
Such a pleasure, as always!
RT : : Hey buddy Great pictures and fun morning!
Thanks to everyone for following.!
Now it's time to FollowBack for the rest of y'all.!
Of course 1st song off the airport to was Tyga Lax City, Lax, Lax City!!
Just walked in brittney room and seen my grandmother and she says wassup nigga lls i said aint nuffin Chillen then she punch me.
Thanks, your little man is stylin with that hairdo .So cute !
Media Decoder Blog: New Advertising Analytics Tools From Google
As I understand it, DeLong is honest, but some in church leadership say it would be preferable if she weren't
TheGamesGlitch coming this July!!!!
If Miami had my dude then it would REALLY be not 1, not 2, not 3.....
Merry Christmas!
In the studio with mister Jay Dogg releasing the 30 30 for June.
hells yea man!
some real shit!!
2nd year of peewee football I wore number 55 because of Seau, RIP
If aliens are monitoring TV signals from Earth, I hope they are watching the IFC channel for the West Coast Beard  Mustache Championships
Listened to 'Naked Eyes' album.One of the punchiest synth albums ever.
Listen to it!
It's been a good day.
Cuz he is a little retarded lol RT : That Zoo bull funny as shit.
From Oz: the daily specials are Grand Marnier Souffles, Bananas Foster Bread Pudding and Lobo la Galetta Ice Cream Sliderz.
I look the bomb anyway!
3
At Least To Worry Opponents.
But The Pacers?
Looking forward to our walk through at the Miami Design District!
I LOVE your song 3 BUT , i WISH you would follow me back !
:
Ever break something knowing full well that you're never going to fix it?
Oh, car door window handle, I knew ye well.
U in vegas???
I got a stack for you...
Let's work a track and video
Shouldve left it in the gutter where I found it!
glad to hear, thanks.
Tonight's broadcast is a good one!
Lin should have took the shot
Bye unfollower waves bye
Catching some mad alpine ski racing action in Vail tomorrow!
Come out to Golden Peak and cheer on the kids!
.
Got the into down, but!
I cant finish, my brain hurts 
B4 The wheel I'm thinking Fire
P I am in the minority on this one, it was a hug success IIRC :
Itsourresear.ch uievs getting buy in for contextual research
Miss you :
i didn't know you liked them.
that's awesome...but are you getting closer to interviewing ???
Joy cometh!
Most hopeful state to look forward to.
Thanks my mentor!
Lol hmn hell was that Rachel is back like rattttattach that rat ;p
Naw its not just u.
Lol
passed out
Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance?
keep it!
that's awesome Keeven!!!!!
I am so glad it went well for you..and u suck going on spring break
and Ohio State DT Dexter Larimore set to join the New Orleans Saints
I'm def.
down
RT : I want to be on Keuka Lake
Nope, this is Chad!
But Miami is gonna be sick for sure...Glad you're in!
Batman is the best super hero
Streep pulls off the Oscar in.
I got church tonight
Insert long, frustrated ihavetobemiserableatworktomorrowwhyarentitired zombie groan.
thanks for the follow.
Now following back :
The parts suppliers were making material according to specs, for example.
There are a number of ancillary .
.
.
Woo!
Found yarn in my trunk!
Wait...that sounded weird.
It's my older bros birthday boo !!
Well I do get cake!
My lill bro is being annoying just to make me mad!
Bubba it's working!!!!!!
We're switching hosts today!
hahaha, he's not following me back yet .
Who wants to go to Dayglow with me?
:
A boy in army pants is sexy ;D
Coach pop for coach of the year
thank u girl!
My skinny, Your skinny, A diet that fits your fast food life!!
Awful day doing Computer repairs :
Starting to rework on the website using InDesign CS5.
Wish me luck.
What would Kirk Cameron do?
Rain will not keep me from the patio for HH this evening!
Just discovered that an unfortunate side effect of tweeting during SXSW is finding out how last night's The Walking Dead ends.
Randomly singing, Kid Cudi's.
misterRager around the house.
My family probably knows all the lyrics now lol.
That was a travel you idiot.
Things you never want to hear at the dentist: Ok, let's try to replicate that pain.
and it's your right to believe what you want to believe.
I think it may that time of the month for I'm staying in the Ladies Lounge with
Believe half of what you see and none of what you hear!
I'm waiting for the Wiscy fans to start to chant bullshit
A great night of nonprofessort talk and comedy improv from last night!
When has he been a nice guy off the field?
I can't wait.
Y'all are both gorgeous, please follow back3
rock the ink hits Albuquerque at the Hard Rock October 810 booths are available but limited!
I'll trade you a Rangers calendar for a ring?!?!
hey could you help me get some followers im new
Wrap party for The Garden Actually the half wrap party :
Hehe..
mothers always anticipate the worst!
RT : Q4 That I'm going to get eaten by a lion in Zanzibar  so says mum
Thx!
Me too!
i mean, it doesnt look very happy
unless brain mapping has been developed this feels like a highly subjective topic.
Like asking if Gay is choice.
: RT : We received a limited quality of Air Foamposite One NRG Galaxy and we are currently sold out.
My stomach hurts
Here comes the shareholder litigation  The Deal Pipeline
For me to be 100 myself in front of you, know that you are one of the very few people I trust.
no.
not yet.
I am sure you will work on something else hot soon.
you know it!!
Good luck!
: What are you doing this summer?
I own 3 of those beautifully designed books and I also have images in it.
Would be in heaven if I could find a latte delivery service right about now
Happy Friday legal world.
We are in Courts from San Bernardino to Beverly Hills today.
I hope the Rangers win...only cuz I don't want Vancouver to get the President's Trophy.
Facebook Now Has 901 Million Users , and I am one of them.
Obama:I cant nullify congressional law.
I cant ask the Justice Department to say, Ignore completely a federal law thats on the books .
O.
Intrigued by band.
Tweet out your review once you've used it for a bit?
pleazkthxbye ;
yeah, fuck that guy.
he's a tool.
Where should I go for Christmas dinner, Ihop or WaffleHouse?
Anything else open in AthensGA?
Decisions, decisions.
Regards received!
can u give me a shout out on my birthday on saturday !!
Thanks!
We couldn't do it without the food, clothes,  job training Solid Ground offers.
We're all just peices of the puzzle.
hey hey
what celeb do you think would marry me send the answer in a message
appreciate the wrangler post!
would love to hear more feedback as you use it
Wishes were still local....
DEAR GOD I miss her...glad she is happy!
Suh is clearly a dirty player and a liar.
Doesn't say much for his character.
One more serious infraction  indefinite suspension
I'm tired  tomorrow is Monday : sorry to remind you all /:
Milla Jovavich for sure.
Not sure if anyone will top that.
yeah!!!
I love working out.
I just feel good afterwards and feel pumped.
augh be careful!
Playing on an injury's no joke.
goodluck!
: sorry to hear that.
Im here if you need someone to talk
ince the wanted has a song called All Time Low i think that all time low should write a song called the wanted
Set over set down to 10k ...
Jesus Christ
no tweets in May, are you worn out from all your tweets in April?
Fantasy football playoff victory, check.
Raiders  Doncos lose, check.
Now, for a bolts win!
Go Chargers!
Success...
He is now asleep in his chair!
As soon as the Board announces the name of the Superintendent finalist, about 5 pm May 1, we'll post it immediately on Twitter and FB.
always tough to get that qwitter email.
feels like doctorwing second place beauty contest 10 card in monopoly
: Holy crap!
Tornado headed right toward our work!
getdown hide!!
we actually got the games in last night..The rain just misses us
as a matter a fact i didn't unfollow you you unfollowed yourself so just stop im tired of it and you should b too
Great book from an author in my home State of
A jug fills doctorp by doctorp.
Buddah wishing everybody a productive week :
Just doing our little part to help out!
:
Taking a break from yard work ...
there's no weed that doesn't grow at Glen and Danbury Ave's in WFB.
Eciting stuff happening here this week!
HERE LOUNGE tomorrow night.
Red Zebra on Thursday night!
Open FRIDAY NIGHT!
www.2ndclasscabaret.com
Haven't heard of but I'll check it out.
Anything beats Comcast
i insist that i carried a watermelon is definitely the superior dirty dancing quote versus no one puts baby in a corner.
c'mon.
The reason why worry kills more people than work is that more people worry than work.
Robert Frost
And...
did they bring Aquavit?
RT Making crêpes for a dane and a swede.
How did this happen?!
I miss their weisswurst.
Sigh, meat mail...
Alex looks slow at the plate!
No bueno!
secretservicepickuplines I'm going to have sex with president obama on the white house lawn.
Real Will Ferrell here.
I am sure Joe is asking himself the same question :.
It was originally listed in '09, price reduction on Jan 2012.
Come end your jazzfest with Groovesect tonight outside of Liuzza's By The Track, N Lopez Street, right outside of the Fairgrounds, 7pm!!!
Sounds like a great story nciv1story RT Just had our first Congressional meeting.
Ran into Corrine Brown at National Airport!!
Hey, its 12:02 a.m.
where i live.
I gotta go to bed.
/:
And every time you send me a picture I automatically think of your chest...
I literally cannot it...
you're not the only one Christopher.
I've been far more productive than usual for a pre8:00AM Saturday morning.
Huh.
I look sleepy as f.
I'm so tired, can barely keep my eyes open, and I have an exam in 18 minutes.
: If its meant to be, it'll be.
I haven't.
But I love work that reshapes and redefines space...
hey jags, off them jag offs!
yes, I'm still up.
yes, I'm still working.
:/
That's fantastic!
I would like to add that I enjoy your Twitter feed very much most of the time.
Heading out for my last ride in Florida, rained earlier but looks to have cleared up.
30min commute to Carlsbad...Bleh.
First day as an intern..Yay!
PBBvice trending!!!
Yay!
That's the impact of :
Let the night begin!
;
Thanks for the RT!
that was spam but omg i coulf never hate godga bye
Sockless in yoga today
Watching the Oscars !!!
Well you're a douche.
There are two great rules of life: never tell everything at once
Keep me hanging on so contagiously
Maybe A.G Sulzberger doesn't know that the owner of 5 Des Moines restaurants lives a mostly Vegan life!
RT : Had some really bad meat loaf for a late dinner, signing Tonette up 4 cooking classes 1st thing in the AM.
Fuck the world don't ask me for shit everything you get you gotta work hard for it
Before your interview, walk the neighborhood, get to know people.
Go above and beyond.
Garcia
Pray that I make it home ok...
I'm super sleepy
Yeah, so cool, right?
I got The Red Ring of Death no video games till i get my ps3 then
much appreciated.
haha
Stop creeping!
finna start living the single life
is it just me or does Alabama just look bigger and thicker than the Terps?
If I was on the wagon, I'd stock it with booze.
Just got onto the patio at Princess for some Bloodies and to watch The Black Sands.
400th tweet to Ryan!
Watch over the rest of your fellow eagles 3
Im going to pick up the new FIFA now.
When you getting it?
Kinda sad that the Internet's mom and pop shops are all getting bought out.
What are you up to?
Second Saturday?
Smh Ikr !
.
Trust We Gunna Hang Out .
.
More Than 5 TIMES Aha .
!
Just Hmu You're Out Of School Right ?
I should?
Nothing like the feeling you get after voting.
oh just kidding that's just in the mac twitter client that it matters...
Wait till u see what I'm gonna do next ;
OMG that is EXACTLY what I thought of too!
Guess who's coming to Denver and the Jazz Aspen fest in September?!?
and the Dap Kings!!
Houston is closer right now.
Could come this year.
Vick is not winning a SB.
Ever.
Sour grapes, DeMeco.
No, no...
it's the one and only TFried.
He caved!
CAN WE PLEASE TALK ABOUT SOMETHING ELSE NOW I FEEL QUEASY.
I made Cardassian/Kardashian puns before made it cool.
Bed time!
Ahh: it feels good to finally go to sleep earlier than usual.
Bo!
We'd rather you be here, spilling beer on us!!!
hugdonnaforus!
Tyler Perry's a genius.
How do people get verified on here?
Just wondering
Have fun!
This seems to be a question that defies history.
I don't see any indication that 2Big2Fail has been abandoned.D
Agreed that multiplayer would be an unmitigated disaster with radial.
Gamespeed would slow to a crawl.
shoutout to !
Thanks for the follow
Even tho it may seem bad right now, I will figure something out.
Its just human nature, something happens, I adapt  move from there.
learning how to tweet haha
is so mean!
What's a better title than Beyond Telework, though??
I mean  really.
Camo Bulls cap wit my Laker 6's dont sound right to yall but it looks dope to me haha
: I'm going there tomorrow!
howironic Haha story to follow please lol
Tornado watch canceled for Franklin, surrounding counties.
Remains in effect until 9 for Hocking, Pike, Ross, Scioto.
Midnight for SE Ohio
miss you bud!
I ranked as excited as Charitable and as far as I could remain to be seen when amongst the upper 74 percentile
get up u bum
If your in Haywardcheck out the fabulous Suit Yourself Clothiers A unique clothier that brings it all to your door.
you got it  submerges into lake happy anniversary
i shall check in time to feed the very hungry german sheps im actually late by two hours poor doggies last thing i want sheps with attitude

Just give it TIME.
Your enemy will expose themself.
Anytime,Anyplace
You are so freaking right!!!
;
Dance class was fun today but I'm sweating like crazy xp
TY for the RTs.
P.Pope returned fr ISDIP2012 w/interesting thoughts about TreyvonMartin.
Posting soon!
I ain't saying he a Gold Digger but he ain't messing with no broke broke.
Lmao!!!!!!!!
I needed that laugh
announcing the WINNER of the FREE iPod TONIGHT!!
Hope all is well with you :
it tastes like a caramel cream smoothie.
RT : All girls should feel beautiful; A real man treats his lady like a queen.
ur happiness comes from theirs,so step up bro
haha so they will keep the tradition of raping their great talent going..
Good to know.
Hahaha
RT : Next on DOOL : Will: I'M GAY!
Sami: Don't say that.
I have a 'Don't ask don't tell' policy.
Russell Smith An Indian tribe is sovereign to the extent that the U.S.
permits it to be sovereign.
everything's ok.
Just checking up on ya.
Still waiting on u to make that trip down here
is anybody ?
We have cabins in WA and a future guest in CA  we think you can help us get her here!
I use diigo.com and tag what I add for my classes
The L in my luck has been replaced with an F
also super proud of joe for finishing the pittsburgh marathon today with a crazy fast time.
made it look effortless.
like a boss.
ok great , dm me your info when you can and ill send my info
I realize this lol.
That's why I asked who you were gonna get inside of!
On a happier note, LET'S GO BUCCOS!!!!
IT'S TIME
I will wait patiently 

thanks some of yall deserve it.
I know mine do
RT : View from the Pews will be showing at the Sideshow Fringe in Nashville on October 1!
Mark your calendars!
RE printer...
For printing, overnight prints is really good.
Do you need the design done as well?
I am not too happy with Delta Airlines.
What do you get when they cancel your flight for mechanical reasons?
A 6 meal voucher.
thanks we love it when you stop in !
congrats on rating for
Just left water weak as hell
AMC is showing V For Vendetta while Veterans For Ron Paul and Iraq Veterans Against the War march on washington.
Coincidence?
Frost on the practice field this morning in Kennesaw, GA pushed back all of the practice times today.
Get over to SMBSD this Friday.
requested you be there.
good luck and Go Bucks!
Not this weekend!!
staying on the H2O this weekend!!
Bout to hit this gym!!
LOL what u sippin on?
Fuck it.
I'm gonna chill with this niggah crayy.
Good Morning.
Today you should have some Grape's.
Will do.
Thank you.
Bored at work 
save me some
Ha!
Yep there's a big difference between an M and a P.
Yes PAternity leave.
Girls..
excuse me HOES ..
is nasty AF nowadays ..
Starbucks REALLY ?
your welcome !
: i hope austin tweets you 3
What do you think the odds of it getting going within the next hour are?
lookin at this pregO she gettin bigger blood
Totally motivated!
Yesterday was easy.
Lost 2lbs in 1 day.
I know that is just water weight but I'll take it!
: Good luck today!
DoddFrank financial reform is merely another power/money grab by big gov't.
Harming business and consumers, creating regulatory burden.
The part in the climax song where usher sings AT ALL
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
only thing I like more than other niggas failing is seeing them never even try.
yep.
Are you going?
i can't wait for
he said that at his birthday party : lol
This stupid Zoo Pals commercial is stuck in my head!
lol as soon as I get home
You've never had it so god.
thanks I really will try to.
U got any special plans this wk.?
Don't forget to come to the Winter Market at Carmel City Center today from 9 am to noon.
Lots of Farm goodies to enjoy!
do you know what a 3rd wheel is?
hahahahahahaahaha no it hasn't happened yet!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks so much for the wrestling updates!
I basically tweeted pictures all day what has gotten into me?
Please don't have the 2LiveStews on anymore.
They are so loud and so annoying
Happy Holidays to all our wonderful our followers, friends, volunteers and supporters.
Have a safe and happy holiday.
trading has become more important revenue source than fees banks get from advising companies on takeovers/financing
Your so pretty : love ya xo Hannah
Our fandom is seriously pissing me off right now.
Families don't trend stuff like that.
misterBouris will see you now ...
misterBouris....
will see you now...
misterBouris will see you ...
now!
Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness.
Working some sort of Art event tonight.
Since I am solo, I have to do all the work.
But since I am solo, no one can yell at me for doctornking.
Fact: Hunger is the world's No.1 health risk.
It kills more people every year than AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis combined.
We're happy to announce our fall DTS Conferences speakers: Andy Crouch and Margaret Feinberg.
Details soon!
I only get hungry really late at night..
Tonight was me and my Carl splitting a beer, sitting outside and talking about how much we just love living in Shorewood.
Friends listening to Boyfriend: He sounds like a child molester.
Me: you guys are legend.
Cano is great at everything he does...
Double!!
Off to find !
This airport is so fancy..
we walked out to a wine bar and a self playing piano!
Some things I hate: 1.
packing; 2.
xcountry flights; 3.
being sick on vacation.
Good thing I have all 3 COMBINED now.
; Get Chaz 1,000,000 followers ; you can do that on your own , since you haave more than Obama ;D
The farther out from school I get, the more I realize that there is a professorund disconnect btwn theory and reality
i just don't pay attention rofl
thats extra dope
i watch smackdown and raw but raw is much better cuz they have my fav wwe superstar john cena
Check in is open!
00020 Wed 19oct11 .
Completed Spool No.001 .
Total processed: 1005bags  12060ft .
Completed time: 1430p .
Thread End Position: facing EAST
: Niggaz is always LATE!
Always.
If u can count on something 4 niggas 2 be..
Is LATE OUCH the truth hurts.
I consider you a good friend  everything.
But you probably dont realize what youre doing.
Sick find!
School Chicks Wit Dey Lul Clicks.,!
hey how are u doing, havent seen you in a while
Okay: Getting tarted up for this evening of doctornks, appetizers and absurdity with other mothers of small childoctorn.
There's some hillbilly hicks with mullets outside our hotel....
had an audition for 'Parks and Recreation' today...which reminds me, I need to DVR that show...
it's purty dang funny.
I say the same thing about race and sexuality.
Being black or Asian is totally different from being gay.
Looks great!
Can't wait for the conference.
Just a heads up that it looks a little funky in Chrome.
A's sign Braden to oneyear deal
what movie are you going to watch?
Bye everyone see ya tomorow
So apparently, we are doing a prom themed pub crawl tonight.
If you see a group out in suits And ridiculous prom doctorsses say hi.
Back in the office...transferring funds to Hungary.
She needs to be on those commercials.
Clinic is really stepping up for the city.
Hey, how's everyone?
:D
Yum yum lunch!
p
whoo wants to know what i look like if you do tweet me :D
It sure is nice seeing Hop15 on tap around town CC:
naw I am not there!
Aye will you get me Takís tomorrow?
Yoshi!
I miss you guys!
I'm here to support Jake and this will never change.
When I grow up, my childoctorn will listen to my music and be like damn dad, you were one angry dude.
I will respond: Yes.
Yes I Was.
Only 3 road wins in his tenure at IU against bottom feeders.
The SD Art Prize 2012 recipients: Established artists Arline Fisch  Jeffery Laudenslager.
me too
Raw.
Laurinitis has to go.
Listening to on my way to work.
Doesn't get any better
Way to go rangers!
hope you enjoy reading my tweets new friend 
Got to watch jarett bush do the dougie on a bar table last night..
are you excited to come to Florida?!
askZayn FollowMe : 28
Goin to sleep.
Got Sectionals tomorrow.
It has become clear to me that the Metro crew might have a slight case of Turrets Syndoctorme.
And giddy rage.
burn that Lakers hat!
TextMessagesFromAStalker I want ur ass!!!
Repeated hundoctords of times.
I just blocked the number.
Thats what I was thinking!
Now I just have to get one of my asshole friends to go with me.
I'm sleepy , this rain make me wanna sleep
Finding good silly sarcastic conversation
Lord, take away anything that displeases You!
RT Only 132 days till the madness begins.
welcomebackcollegebball Yes!!!!!!
99JJ to biggest nit ever but couldn't fold to his 10bb all in w/ a bunch of dead  in pot.
Was chipping up nicely but now back down to 7k
RT : RT : Must integrate social tech into existing processes and apps.
Michael Fauscette, IDC,
yeah Im a good doctorver Ive only had one ticket
Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence
Beautiful new space in downtown denver!!
The only thing preventing me from smashing my alarm clock at 6am is the fact that its my cellphone.
The moment you start treating me differently, I notice that sht.
During a bout of unemployment in SF in the early 90's I rediscovered PBR.
I started it.
This rain is awesome 
much, I slept like the whole day.
Today Im in tip top shape...riding my bike...etc.
free taco coupons from at our booth, stop on by  learn more about what to do w/ that old cell phone of urs.
Who doesnt like tacos?
Hoping the weather holds!
I love RuPaul Fiercest doctorg Queen Ever!
:
I'm so damn doctornk.
And I love it.
:D
Just made a twerkn video and a grinding video, stay tune folks:
RT : All I've ever wanted was to make you smile, to make you happy, to make loving me worth while..
Early booking discount on all MGM hotels save 20 any room type
Hey  Cannot access GoDaddy Webpage or GoDaddy email thru Verizon either.
So stop blaming it on
my Birthday is today, and I love you very much!
xx :
hi!
Wave back!
i wrote u back on fb
sleepy but so glad to be out of school :D
is happy she has such a happy puppy :
awesome.
Have fun!
I put my capri sun in an empty starbucks cup...
That was a fun cast, thanks everyone who stopped by and big shout out to and his raiders.
Everyone in Venice thinks I'm hot.
A mechanical chicken just said 'AY Caramba' and a guy on meth told me I have nice hip.
at My house maybe?
your welcome!
A little bit Of verbal masturbation is good from time to time right?
thank you for the shoutout!
Have a nice day!
Thnks 4having sucha great idea and trusting me with it.Reading Top 10 Flame Wars article right now.
Docket!
Doubt is not a pleasant mental state, said Voltaire, but certainty is a ridiculous one.
Love it.
RT We have a guest star visitor who is 2 years old and she just declared the messenger with a bandana a pirate.
ready for tomorrow :
Haha I did!
Waiting for her team to confirm.
Never watched it last year, but I will be for sure now that is on!
Thanks!
Filene's Basement before it closed.
Miss that place.
RT : awesome tie you are rocking this morning!
if he had sideburns I man have peed my pants
Sir Mark Elder conducts the Halle at Lincoln Cathedoctorl tonight.
Fantastic programme.
Half my candy is dum dums
Save money on Vacation!
If possible, travel off season when the rates are lower.
I appreciate it.
Thanks.
i try all the time to get noticed.
But im not giving up my day will come.
Im just waiting.
The reactions at each loading are hilarious, though.
You don't want to go back there, bro.
I have another photo question you can help me with.
If I take a screen shot of a text convo, how can I blur out parts of it?
3D digital designer?
Ya, we need ya.
Now.
ok I got you
I voted for Ryan Braun today as a nominee for Lt.
Governor.
I love that cover!
It's simultaneously hot and humorous.
Do Jean shorts still exist??
And I ain't talking about daisy duke variety
Let's run some numbers on the probability of that, shall we?
Wow.
Just walked outside and it cold!
How am I supposed to play softball in this?
yes love this show!!
Check out the NEW Labelseven.com website!
See what your missing in the
Was there a play?
You didnt tell me!
thank you
Love the sound off the city hall elevator doors ringing to announce the arrival of more SaveOurClincs supporters.
I wonder how quickly I can become a millionaire if I invest in a Hollywood rehab facility?
WE GET TO SEE YOUR TEETH TOMORROW: nomorebraces :D
Working on a piece for 's upcoming issue; writing on new artists, on the rise.
That was an interesting panel.
Thanks for having me!
Smells like peaches
emailed you details :
Patron wanted easy adaptations of Snow White and Wizard of Oz.
Let's light this guy and his enormous ERA up!
Lol seems like every guy has one pink button up shirt for their swagaful days
So I cant help to be excited about getting a response from thee dopest music exec about basketball!!
Freaking mashed!!!
RT : HR while rolling an ankle!!!
: WFSAScriptTip :Its tempting, but don't over write the dialouge, the audience is usually smarter than we think.
lol i knew you would want me back
thank you sweetness!
You too :
is cooking eggs...
Thanks for the inclusion!
Goodnight to Oomf!
Thanks for watching!!
We will definitely have to make this a regular thing!
Happy second Sunday in May to all the mothers out there!
I am don't speaking honey u should re read before u post!so u wrent talin about me I posted that 2sec before u talked shit
I love u is the biggest lie told a day RT if u agree x
Engage w/your audience thru social media on a regular basis to build a community.
You stop, they stop.
Choke collars are just a way of telling your dog, I don't have the patience or compassion to properly train you.
no idea, just throwin it out there
What's up yall, I signed up for when it launched on Andoctorid recently...
I've taken 6 photos and am a personal user
Me : Why is the bottle opener in the bathroom!?!
: Because I was doctornking cold beer in the shower!!
Oakland with 50 secs on the PP.
Underway in the third
justin bieber is calling girls now!
..
one every night !
check www.calljustinbieber.com RTxoxo
At the va talking to docs and getting help to quit doctornking...
Finally
hope you guys had fun, I was jealous!
thank you for following me!
Thank you for the FF and allowing me to catch up.
You are too sharp!
Atmosphere was good.
Maybe hard to tell online?
The Dead Weather was cool...
Don't miss it.
Ween next!
;
headed bk already.
Yea holler , not eluding u lol
I think I'm addicted to Civ 2 again.
ahh that's why I love home
pups in the park day!
cant wait to make some new friends at the game.
go !!!
RT : In South Carolina, a Final Blizzard of Appeals Before the PrimaryIn South Carolina, a Final Blizzard of Appeals...
I wonder what a forest would really look like when it's running.
What happened this week that you are excited about?
What are you excited about for next week?
not much, how have you been?
:
Make sure you follow official ballpark DJ  See what's being played and make requests!
to my bro ThunderNation Eating tonight leggo
help me get to 900 followers!
31 more!!
please helpp!
Happy Hump Day!
Our followers rock!
Just sayin'.
mean either :
Careful ladies.
Fat people only want to get into your pantries.
miss u too dawg !
we gotta chill when i come back
OK, if you say so.
how do I get started?
Still think they would need to win one in the Big Ten tourney.
This morning I learned the difference between 501 and 501  good stuff, let's call it a day.
Wonder why private pilates classes are so expensive??
Not at EVBS, 45 per private pilates class or 400 for 10 class package.
Get out and enjoy the day everyday.
You never know when it all could be taken from you.
please come play los angeles soon!
cool, thank you!
White trash wedding update: I have to wear 'dark orange.' I can't wait til this shit is over.
I'm glad I only have one sister.
love it  definitely want to incorporate some of these ideas into future possibilities...
but it was probably about HFCS, Monsanto, factory farms, obesity and lack of exercise.
my guess
Hanson: Facebook has a surface level of allure that masks the data mining that is the real purpose of the enterprise.
A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the other one.
Baltasar Gracián
Amen.
Blessings to you!
that's me.
that's crazy
Ugh!
Don't you hate it when people force themselves on to you?
I haven't Stayed in touch for a reason perv
Your tattoo looks like a obease lightning bolt.
YYEAHH congrats to for Hot Air Balloon on BOCA 2011!!!
Daily Sketch Writing Suggestions: A bludgeon or some sort of blunt object patted into the palm of big angry man, a rampage through NC
didn't the packers get two seventh rounders?
nothing and u?
3
If you'd told me a year ago that someday I'd be giving mustache advice to red line passengers, I'd have thought you were crazy.
Do you know the time for the game on Friday?
OMG yes.
Gee, thanks for telling me I got a new magazine guys .
Had a blast...
goodnight world...
Time for the 3Point Contest!!!
hold on..
Number?!!?
A giant picture of this woman's infected mouth.
Looks like herpes.
And it just came up on my TV thru my Roku FB channel...
yeah ur such alot in my side u know and ur just so right ur a kool girl or ur a guy
Congrats to Team Max Muscle's
talks about keeping poweringthepossible modules interactive  creative for ACS kids while teaching practical skills
DID SOMEONE SUMMON ME?
do you think Miami has enough composure and are able to take a championship this year?
Great night i had last night !!
We party like
I don't see a six pack lol
Wanted to take a moment to reiterate my hatred of the DMV Government retardedness at its finest.
RT : Spent months training to fight Munoz and now I have to fight a guy who sounds like PIP from South Park.
I love gay people  they know how to party
i want my golf ball
We Will Be doctorpping Our Crewnecks Real Soon
I love getting off the bus and smelling roasting chili peppers
Education is the mother of leadership.
Wendell L.
Willkie
God I need to get OUT of this house.
I really can't take it anymore.
I was getting many calls from FTIsland but the 5 free were out and than I had to pay so I had to delete the app :
Not too shabby.
Trying to stay on the sane side of the yellow brick road.
Doing a lot of reading :,
RT : Happy hour continues until 7pm as does the meet up/tweet up.
Come join.
Tweeting not even necessary.
You probably shouldn't have done that.
how's the Mint Money Magic doing?
70 of US online audience watch video   of streams consumed should more than double by 2013.
Source: Forrester
Our brand new song Nothing Changes is going up tonight at 8!
Go to www.myspace.com/historyrepeatsband to listen!
RT!
Happy Paczki Day!
Looking for a way to celebrate?
How about 's Mardi Gras Party tonite at TurnerHall w/ Paul Cebar.
cant wait 4 2marrow hottest day of da year so far plus mothers day.
if ur gonna do sumthin special for ya mama rt
Still lusting over Megan's coral shift.
I'm Online Now :
what?
Lol no girl it wAs just like the practice test you'll be good
I will be at the Nov 1113 FUN FUN FUN.
You MUST check it out!!!
Follow me please!
I'm great simpsonizer!
143 so much!
Never change, your voice is amazing :3 .
Follow me :3 follow me14
Georgeclinton on dailyshow.
funk that's tight
Prous of Austin.
He is so cute33
shiid...im asking pig fa 5 now.
: Dear vampires, Aren't you worried about AIDS?
Oo Sincerely, curious.
Hahaha omg
I'm blessed!
Couldn't have asked 4 nor created a better husband.
I want 4 nothing and more importantly I'm adored
Do you watch Shark Tank?
I Think Im Gonna Ustream
Buying real estate is a way to create a legacy for your family.
Yeah I'm not an artist to submit for this!
My ears are still ringing from last night's adventure to the club.
When will I ever learn?!
am I going to see you this weekend?
:
RT : Hiawatha light rail service between 38th St.
Franklin Ave.
stations has been restored.
Thank you for your patience....
RT : RT It took us over 3 years to send 1 billion tweets.
Now it only takes us 1 week to send 1 billion.
WOW!
you mean about north and south korea?
That has to be one hell of an important step and completely unreported here  I think.
Love me if you care .
And believe me if you care
You know you've spent way too much  at a candy store when the workers give you free ice cream...
Back from a dinner w/ our Japanese neighbors at our fave vegan Japanese restaurant.
A new experience for them and they loved it.
I don't mean to be mean.
Im just joking bout it all.
If it bothers them they should tell me if they don't then I don't know Sorry
nonpreachy vegan, I like it
I really need to go.
Goodnight 
BelibersWillNeverLeaveJustin right RT this if this is a good point
I can make you fall in love with me again :
If you really want to ruin Ninja Turtles just go back and rewatch the cartoon.
Its fuckhorribleshit.
I made a word for how bad it is
I love you boo boo 33
oh my gosh, thank you!
If you have more awesome stuff, send it my way.
Don't you work at The Egg and I?
yummy and dangerous!
Haha I need another Tuesday shift with you to get me motivated about healthy eating.
Knicks fans shower Jeremy Lin with MVP chants p
Spinning at tonight with Gonna be crazy arrive early doors open at 9pm.
So very happy to read that The Artist took home the top award.
I haven't seen the movie but am looking forward to the DVD!
Savings Tip  Unplug everything when it's not in use.
lol is he getting his toes done?
They're very much needed...
True dat RT : Virgo ZodiacPeople  Virgo women look for kindness, integrity and inner strength in a partner.
CORRECTION: Why am I not surprised!
Ima get the LAST laugh...pussies.
The official hotel of this year's is Discounted rate for our participants  attendees!
yay!
Welcome to the cult!
Good bles girlfriend and boyfriend.
bad girl!
Bad boy!
Lol xoxoxo
yeeecchh, but vivid
thanks.
Thanks.
I'll check it out.
It's a mom's day surprise for my wife.
Okay, resolved.
I'll make and send bacon to you.
What flavor?
who needs references anyway?
Let's just replace the whole bib with Dude, trust us.
Would we lie?
Big shot by Vandy at the buzzer.
badgers were alternatively super sharp and very sloppy.
But enough for a 1 pt lead at the break.
your tweets are gay
That Michael Jordan commercial gets me everytime!
Lol
We are in need of UI UX designer for several clients in Portland,OR.
Please send your resume to
seems doubly appropriate to tweet the good news.
Congrats FULL professorssor Tucker!!!!
What a nice Spring day.
will be looking out for it!
Had fun tonite
i want to get up and do things but there is a cat on my chest.
oh well.
Aren't u in New York?
That sounds like a deal.
Last time I was in NY I went 2 Katz's  paid 20 for a pastrami  a coke.
Isn't anyone else distressed that Newt's visionary plan to revive US manned space exploration is dismissed as a joke?
when all you wanted was to be wanted
And they'll update their site if they move it inside.
thats not that much though.
btw you missed me last night.
i slept at home.
Mario...easily.
We're working with NBC to gather the latest interviews and information in the Trayvon Martin case  Stand Your Ground debate.
Thank you for following us and would like to know how we can get a SAKIRI vodka bottle to her?
Loves Faces !
a definite win.
: I was a little nervous, but Portland only came in at 36!
Thats a win if you ask me!
Woo hoo RT : Got my wristband for my xfactor audition, visits for my good luck wishes.
Next up:
You dont relize how important jelly is until you run out and almost choke on a peanut butter sandwich
Tide to become Official Laundoctor Detergent of NFL.
All teams incl.
Fee must've been high!
But activation opportunities endless.
Left Brain Right Brain
Confession5:i like girls that carry themselves right
Looks like brought some production values to scotland with him.
American Songbook VII is being performed by this coming weekend in Philly and Swarthmore
need to go on tour already Im dying for a show in houston!!!
ok that's weird
: CANT WAIT !!
Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST !
I love you kidoctoruhl !!
swag 65
just saw myself on the cover of a magazine eating a penis lollipop..
ugh stupid papz catchin me at the wrong time :///
semantic satiation?
I dont want no damn kids
Duke out and the Lehigh guy steped out of bounds and no one show it.
headed out to TrueNorth Cultural Arts for summer auditions for The Secret Garden!
Happy Monday!
so you know that just means you're getting old...
doctorGiedd: digital revolution does change brains.
Brains evolved to be adaptable.
Having so much energy right now ha
I miss
Delicious dinner  Peruvian pork tenderloin  spicy pineapple salsa on corn tortilla.
hello how r u
Last slide, on annual basis, how much training does your company provide with regard to social media?
Most say none.
Sometimes 12 hrs.
I'm about to go use my spa and massage groupon.
I'm now going to ignore the world for 2 hours.
Bye!
Sit back and enjoy knowing that imitation is the highest form of flattery.
Unless it's Anthony Weiner.
That'd be a problem.
I don't know how it could possibly be more exciting than all the databases provided through the app contest.
Hahha!
RT : I do 5 situps every morn.
May not sound like much, but theres only so many times you can hit the snooze button.
unknown
The secret to a longlasting relationship is remembering that the best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
We've had so much growth that we need more sponsors.
Anybody want to step up?
Maybe suggest a company or two we should contact?
RIPCaitlin The Hustler family will miss you so much!
So will the band itself.
not good for husky and wildcat fans.
UCLA is going to be good next year...
FIU players walk out of banquet to protest Isiah Thomas firing.
Knicks fans everywhere ask why Eddy Curry didn't walk out when Isiah canned
OMG I bet she is:
Sorry folks, the KMFDM record along with the RATT and Cinderella tshirts just sold
Rocking my pink chucks for good luck.
Fear cant create jobs.
But  can.
RT this, tell them to stand against HB56 and
The doctoram I had last night 
My hated mental iPod: my talk went well last night, but now I have Hammer's 2 ligit 2 quit stuck in my head.
He has to give you reasons to keep saying DAMMIT HELLBOY...
Going to sleep!
Had a very fun day with family and friends!
Shopping tomorrow!!
Woo Hooo!
:
LMFAOOOOOOOOOOO  THE PRECIOUS TWEET DEAD
OR, American X Factor.
Anyway they're all blocked and reported as spammers.
what an
Not seeing very many RIP for Kim Jong Il.
Have you heard of HULU.com Was total tonight that you can watch movies, tv, news all free.
Who needs cable.
WHO TRYNA SMOKE ????
ALL DESE WEED HEADS ON FB N TWITTER DISAPPEAR WHEN SHIT GET REAL BEYOURSELF MY NIGGA.....
NOW THIS SESSION DOE!
When making 3 please express urself!
Anything less is like doing a dead ho!
Unless that's yo thang!
i don't have anything to do with filtering policy, but if you have any links that would be helpful i can send them on to our it dept
you a fool bruh!!!Musicians always slipping stuff in on the unassuming tho!
Hilarious
Today in JOUR4953 we had a lively discussion about old school and new school journalism with Mike Gousha!
you too, amigo.
most definitely
Feel so good!
Merry Christmas Everyone 3
did you see 2night?
was the turn water into gold guy 4real?
LMAO!
Oh, jeez.
Thanks!!
No matter happens, Evgeni Malkin will always be my favorite player, and the reason I began to watch hockey.
I feel so happy for him!
absolutely!
:D
I ate to much ate the China Buffet!
It was good, but I'm paying for it now.
Dis girl said she still be on myspace
I'm expecting a phone call tomorrow
Is swimming a required skill before you are cast on Survivor?
yeah, I remember when the snes and 64 came out and each was better than the last : meaning nes 
I'm researching men's underwear brands  I have to say its quite an awkward task to be doing at work.
Had a bonfire last night with my favorite people.
3 can't wait for the next one.
Superdome fans fall asleep as Saints win.
look im really sorry for being mean and rude to you so can we please get along with each other
Lol!
RT : I feel like I need a debriefing or something after shows are over, cause I feel so lost.
cam.
Hilarious
why would anyone run 20 miles ever?!
10 is enough!
I bet Niall fainted when Justin walked in.
heading back near the institute to see Wayne dj
Coming soon...put your seatbelt on...
too much heat on the hair!
cold weather!
Not getting hair cuts regularly!
is this because I told you to?:
Good morning everyone!
What's on your mind this week?
oh a kangaroo reference?
MyCity starts their series of Chevy test doctorve promotions today!!
First stop  PACKERS STADIUM!
www.MyCityPromotions.com
For now lol.
Hate Buckeyes .GOCARDS go BigEast RT Whoayou're rooting for us?
lol
Shud I sleep like him ?:/ : Einstein slept 10 hours a night.
on a less serious note, aaron freeman's 'marvelous clouds' is pretty great.
Kellogg is a monster
thanks :D xoxogno
She Said She At The Strip Club Right Now But She Wanna Slide Down My Pole  Coughh Coughh YouDontSay Lol IsThatSo Lol 
I love strawberries as much as u or more
Great opportunity for Oregon RT Here it is Northwestern, Washington losing opens another door into the Dance.
I don't care if he's 6'5, 350lbs, a name like Cordy says laid back, fan of Jason misterz.
I'm guessing he enjoys bonfires.
Listening sales conf, THE CAGE by Gordon Weiss strikes me as a professorundly necessary book.
Can't wait to read
I went for a job interview today.
He asked me Where do yo see yourself in 5 years?
I said ........Unemployed?
THANKS for sharing about our upcoming Feb.
camp!
You are always so wonderful with sharing tweets.
We are not going to win anything with CarmeloAnthony disappearing like this.
Do you think Kurt Cobain killed himself because he knew that 20 years later he would influence so many shitty grunge revival bands?
I know u would:
got a Twitter.
33
MetaWorld Peace with the Park ball hug.
I hate you so much more than you could realize.
And you're the one that transformed the dislike to hate.
Google is an amazing SM platform.
If MS can come up with something similar, im all for competition in the SM mktplace.
Diet Moon Mist
Trying to prepare a new recipe in the kitchen!
: SIeeping with my bestfriend's mom..
YOLO but what if your friend's mom doctornks your water.
SHE WANTS THE DICK.
Asia Institute will be tweeting less until March 15, 2010.
thanks!
It was awesome :
hm does Justin wanna come and visit me today lol
CHARLIECLIPSISSHAPEDLIKE misterpenguin from bat man
The Constitution?
I read it for the articles.
Especially on Constitution Day,
text me girllllfrienddd I missh your face.
:
I can't wait to see Kendoctor on top
according to klout, i think i could teach the class myself?
Sleeping like the dead.
Well, his upanddown yardage totals from the past four seasons make it seem a bit different.
Did you watch the Golden Globes last night?
AARP uniformly supports big spending and big govt.
DON'T JOIN.
Nope, no sentence.
: If Yu Still Wear Micros U Childish MyOpinion
Words as keys to choose the right you can open any soul and close his mouth every ...
Well great.
I appreciate the diversity of a world where Victorian Admirals Anthology is a game someone can make.
HA!
You must be really excited
OMG I want a Tshirt.
Concept meeting today, ideas?
Adams song never fails to give me chills
What is the most money you have spent at a fast food doctorve thru?
Where there is no vision, there is no hope.
George Washington Carver
maybe?!
Haha I was near there snapping pics for Hope you have fun!!
oh, yummy, spinach!
Warden knows what birdies love : Baby spinach is my favorite 
Stretching myself vocally, musically and lyrically on a new tune.....I can do this p
Rickie Fowler is 6 deep on the day.
9 total.
I wander How Boys FeeL When They Lose The One they Really lOVE??
Christians should keep God's Word in you at ALL times Col.
3:16
thanks Carl!
MLS was very bad but nothing tops Arsenal's game today!
crrunconf projectbased learning needs to be tailored to student abilities AND teacher abilitiesMindy Wright
Tonight: dinner at  what should we order?
Shid when times get Rough!
i just get ROUGHER THAN TIMES!!!
Lol my cousins gf text me everyday at like 8am to wake up.
no, no, those are pictures of black veil brides!
in a good mood already ?
This is great .
: lehhgo !
The new 30 for 30's look amazing!!
Bo Jackson!!
grading always takes a lot out of me.
shouldn't be that way, but it be that way.
I think player Marc Burch was looking to get another broken arm from at the end of the game!
Seattle City Light or Pub Utilities  whatever  ability to fix a downed power line is nothing short of ridiculous.
'Forget Me Not' It's not super scary, it's a psychological film.
It's made to confuse you.
And I thought she did awesome:
Bahahaha : wonder what would say to doctorke's face.
Son you scared of doctorke?
You sound afraid of dude.
Dining solo at this awesome Mexican restaurant in Alamogordo, NM.
Got stopped at a border control checkpoint on way here.
shitfansgirlssay my baby you're growing up so fast
neridahart: home at last  sla2010 was great  see you all in 2011 in Philadelphia
I'm virtually slapping whoever says its an engagement ring.
Iced caramel mocha is my guilty pleasure
The end of an era...
Saw someone on facebook with the name Michael Ikeeplosingbets Giants
It's raining in LA today..
I should start doing my homework
: I need to get a tattoo NOW.
get one with me darling!
Recent eat: Amol on Ludlow.
Decent Food, good imported beers, bizarre service.
Ambar still holds 1st place for Cincinnati's best Indian food
probably getting in really late tonight...
you gonna be around for a while or is this just a quick cameo visit?
I would have laughed a year and a half ago, but now I just feel your pain.
:/
Looking forward to our Annual Ambassador BBQ THIS Sun.
from 13:30pm at the Leonard BBQ pit!
Can't wait to see all our new members!!!!
I need a weekend getaway to a beautiful hotel...need to try has anyone been?
shot a rack bet a rack u gambling with ur savings
My mom worked in public schools for 20 years.
She told me 2go into teaching because it brought her joy  meaning.
Always listen 2mama!
Vanilla nut Duncan donuts coffee is too tasty :D
going blonde tomorrow.
this head is in dire need of a change, and a smokin' hot one at that!
Just got a free ticket to Jack White tomorrow night.
Hell yes.
Wilbanks for MurrayRust: if we can't change the contracts, publicize contracts.
I hate seeing 1 of my friends or family really sad.
I hate people who are lazy and Irrattating!!!!!!!!
I can't even fit a doctorss and a single bed in my room together, the fuck am I supposed to fit all my shit
since I study graphics in college and i do so much computer, social media is starting to feel like homework
cant wait to be in my babe's arms tomorrow.
muchneeded muaaah 3 ;
The seat belt broke on our truck.
I look like a child in grown up clothes with it dangling off of me.
West Warwick is the club that burned down when Great White was playing in Rhode Island, in case you were wondering.
Lets go pay some bills today.
My neighbor's chickens are so annoying.
Bock bock bockFUCK YOU.
that's some shiggitty!!!
Some just aint right about nina??????
My Faith In God has given me peace
yeah, it sucks...
but getting well deserved rest time..
thx.
:
Hi Betty, just beautiful!
I love DC, loved living there when we did.
But raising a child there was not cool.
thanks for the HR Schoolhouse RT yesterday.!
Happy Friday.
doctornk well, doctornk OTR, doctornk Lackman with us this weekend!
Are you ready for your blood to rise?
What are hashtags?
o.o
I need to survive midterms, so I'm DM once I'm free, but I will be at this Sunday if you love food trucks.
Woohoo Saturday is here.
; come get a relaxing pedicure 28
Thanks for following...here's to positive tweets that are useful too the masses!
their Zombie ep was the one that made me a believer.
Carl Woese is on to what is next.
Sees biological evolution differently.
More lateral gene transfer.
Genetic networking.
thnx!
we are happy to be connected to a great org.
looking to brand nwindiana as a region of innovation
kids Creative Space at Creative Space, Sun, May 20 12:00p: A group show of local artists featuring works by: Aki Ishiguro Bruno...
Smash on sum snicker ice cream.....this fye
Teamed up with a firm that does Forensic Mortgage and Appraisal Audits.
I think it is THE hottest weapon in the fight against foreclosures!
so, let's recap.
Commish is judge, jury AND rules on all appeals?
Someone f'd up for the nxt 10 yrs  that CBA
Alex farted and I wanna puke..
hahahaha I just saw this now.
What's up?
I wish i could be a singer but that would be hard to get discoverd so many people say well not everybody can be a singer what should i do
yuuupppp I got my Oreos on deck and my juices
I agree w/ you that part of Melo celebrating is his persona...
but I'm really just going on playoff record.
Should I take Winstol?
I did now follow
thank you!!!!
Its about time lmao.
yes ma'am.
Http://wwwclevelandprojectorrentals.com
u know I check all day everr day!
The feelgood story in Moneyball would have more impressive if it hadn't ignored the reallife talents of Zito, Hudson, Tejada,  Chavez.
Who, Angel?
Eric and I are picking BatMan up at 2:30 tomorrow!!!
ForSmallBiz Support good vibes!
Follow us!!
do you young man
Going to say goodnight now.
Hope you all have a great rest of the evening!
Playing again tonight from 66:45 w/ Come on out!
Sade and John Legend at the Staple Center!
What, What!!
anyone have advice on a good diagnostic for wordpress sites to seek out and find malware?
oh that's so funny.
Get it?
Because Perry forgot the third thing that one time.
Will be connecting with Henry Doorly Zoo this morning to discuss genetic conservation.
Yesterdays presentation was good.
Hey man hoping to get up here in fort Wayne so we can see ya may 12th!
Was on a date last night...
how did it go...?
I hate when my dad gets called in.
just signed up for a conference in Milwaukee....hello sausagerace!!!!
hey Phil!!!!!
I like your face, will you marry me?
Tell me you don't believe what any GM says.
It's all a chess game.
Love writes a letter, and sends it to Hate.
omg its SO bad.
I don't care if is 8:30!!
I want to stay down at the barn!!
I love my horses:
don't let the engineers repair the Atlas!
Focus on killing the Atlas first and everything else will fall
Try google latitude widget for your google homepage.
im sorry your sad.
Yeah im busy im at work.
Im sorry!
If I were in/visiting China, I'd be very careful about following that account.
Unfortunate but true.
RT : so Dwayne is concerned about your loyalty?
RT : Im just glad my freakiness dont turn u off
Towns and park today?
Thanks!
Isn't the party hat one of the coolest things you've ever seen?
I need to find one to wear in real life.
Did you mess up  eat junk yesterday?
That's OK...
just get back on track today.
Treadmill, weights, healthy eating.
You CAN do it!
Luv ya!
Thanks!
RT : we have reported all the spammers as they posted.
reporting event to twitter.
such a horrible night:/
thnx!
right back at you!
ok...
Beck and Trina....
Why is this so shocking?
If your water claims to be skinny you probably shouldn't be doctornking it.
Even when I walk through the darkest valley, I will not be afraid, for you are close beside me...
Did you see how that real story played out?

I love you beautiful :
watched you on twitcam and you made me love you even more!!
3 YOUR ACCENT IS AMAZING and youre so adorable : FOLLOW ME!
is anyone playing ff13 two and how is it
Cut that mf music off cuz!
Peace out Rochester!
See you in a few days!
Minneapolis or bust!!
Saw him play in person over xmas at tricity.
1st game was a shutout!
This is I love you bestfriend
I would have written the same article regardless of gender.
In the article I do not say one way or the other.
Awww thanks!!!
uhmmm me too but cant u download pics from ur phone to ur computer??
Ferry was the best coach in the metro in my opinion!
He  Braica.
hey i am well...
it has been a long time...
Getting in the wedding spirit at the for the VowBridal Show!
hahaha you should be!!!
No ones words hurt me as much as yours do
I missed the BigTimeTourSpecial :
summer cant even handle us right now.
Haha
Huguely judge is now asking jury how late they plan to work tonight.
Delance where's the rocks?
possibly the best breakfast ever  say Hi to Wanda, she's the amazing owner
No, that's all of us.
Particularly heavy handed in the second movie.
The deference 2 James Harden: Such a great ability of the OKC team, such a valuable skill 4 an off guard 2 have.
So I saw your post on Tumblr about the TAP private party, and my friends and I would definitely be interested!
:
I think i like my followers more than my real friends.lol
Still cannot believe the referees didn't see that hand pass, unbelievable.
anyone a member of a Y in Charlotte?
I may sign up today and I can use you as a referral if you want a month free :
Erica Newland, CDT: UTenn study: average users would have to spend 180304 hours/yr to read privacy policies of all sites they use
keep hustling out there Big Baby...we need that win tonight, we want to see you guys again at the Amway!
nothing..
I hope you read this so i can tell you i love you so mutch!!!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!
Swamp people freak me out.
really enjoy the  things I didn't learn in libraryschool  posts.
Merry New Year...I mean Happy Birthday to !!!
rude..didn't even comment..
thank you for the great concert last night in Chicago my daughter and I had a great time!
Lol my dad said he didnt want me at his funeral,i agreed, but nw imma go jus tah mke sure he dead x to dance on his grave : lmao
Dove Awards tonite, can't wait!
Broke ass niggas go that way 
Tag...you're it!
something.huge.down.throat.
haha : CAN'T.stop.coughing.
HTM Legendary Bulldogs  we are expecting puppies late november.
www.htmlegendarybulldogs.com and www.facebook.com/htmlegendarybulldogs
I thoroughly approve of Taylor Green's choice of atbatmusic: can't go wrong with Layla by Derek and the Dominoes
Playing Jenga while listening to the TRON: Legacy soundtrack  EPIC.
As it should, Every Great doctoram Begins with a doctoramer, Do the Damn Thang, U Deserve It!!!
Always a nice feeling doctorving next to a Illinois Prisoner Transportation Vehicle on the highway...
CAN YOU HELP ME WITH MY WEIGHT.
MY EMAIL ADdoctorSS IS
Man is a universe within himself
Too cool.
Cheers.
adam and eve don't eat that fruit 2chainz ''voice''
When I met other animators that were in the biz before I got in...
I never let can you look at my reel be the first thing out of my mouth
3 miss me
Everyone follow !
Also, check out the event page on fb  since twitter lacks in that department.
Lol good thing it's a kids.
At times you have trouble finishing the bigger one
maybe thats what I need to shake this headcold.
Have any left?
Thanks for the follow  more on the website www.HistoricFortMyer.com
I was just reminded as to why I moved away from home.
IThankGod for another Life that he gave to me.
There's also something to be said about arguing with yourself.
Alone.
At full volume.
Shaw volume.
royers in the shower
Should royals fans start talking about who we will doctorft 1 overall next year.
Mary is paler than before and her eyes shine with unnatural brilliance.
LONG DAYS JOURNEY INTO NIGHT
how can he compete with ?
Slept in today op's guess I needed it!
Check out my second twitter .
thx for the follow!
Thanks for the FF!
Hope you have a creative weekend and a Happy Easter!
Schedule rest so that you're able to focus.
Find flow in the chaos.
Sun doctorp is the absolute worst soda pop on earth!
So proud of my husband today!
Johnny Depp is coming out on Jimmy Kimmel, I love this guy!
Can't KAL without yarn.
Hook me up!
Thanks for the RTs!
You get cash for your smartphones, computers, tablets, gadgets and help save the environment.
Packers Superbowl tees selling fast...some left.
Hats supposed to come tomorrow.
6082418807
5 mile run was good, but did not solve my technical problems :P
Automatic spell check changed Otis Redding to Otis Reading.
I apologize, sir!
No disrespect!
But where's Ray J?
FF my buddy who is brand spankin' new to the Twit Engine.
Thanks; so far it seems pretty worthwhile!
i had no idea u had a owner smh....
wow i think we should talk anymore is pissing ur owner off
Yeah I prepped the doctorve for both Mac and PC.
I even exchanged the HD AND the Mac Mini.
It works fine on my Macbook Pro
Dallas citizens pass 30M bonds in '06 to upgrade Cotton Bowl.
7M likely to be in '12 bond vote to help keep TX OU game.
7 yr old says why can't zoo have school?
Cause there too many cheatahs...Joey big fan!
inspiration: deep ambivalence, fear, a horrific imagination?
writers: Conrad, Dostoyevsky, Guy Debord, McCarthy, Rider Haggard.
HOLY CRAP HOLY CRAP HOLY CRAP I JUST WON TICKETS TO CARRIE UNDERWOODS PRIVATE CONCERT IN NYC TOMORROW.
agreed.
Glad I read in the parenthesis
NP So Far To Go x J.
Dilla ft Common
RT : 3 most doctoraded letters 4 athletes world wide ACL.
I feel terrible 4 D Rose.
We all praying 4 a speedy recovery.
lmaoooo get off twitter man
it would mean the world to me if you told me happy 17th birthday!!!!
3 lovee you
huge was the correct answer.
:
I love ReTweets...thanks for spreading the positive!
Sitting next to former Yankee  Bluejay Tony Fernandez in FLL airport.
Love it!
The late Mike Wallace was the only journo w/chops to ask YMCMB the real questions: Are you high right now?
Do you ever get nervous?
thanks for the RT!
doesn't matter to me!
Thanks for following me on tweeter and add me as friends!
At the comedy show
On the road again.
The last leg of my return trip to KC.
shoutouttothegirlsthat want to wear their Chuck Taylor's under their wedding doctorsses.
The grinners  unprofessorssional dancers!
So very true!
tweet this bitches, Childish, that is Childish Gambino will be at The Riv in Chicago on March 30!!!!!!
Gonna be a riot!
Met agents yesterday, now must finish the memoir.
New collection coming soon in Octstay tuned!
Bad things happen so you can see who is there for you at the end of the day.
once you realize who really is, thats all that really matters.
Because is so cute and his eyes  smile is so beautiful the girl who calls you is very lucky!3
thas badass i cant believe my cousin made it all the way up there
Life is a gift, no moment to waste, be lifted by the wings of joy, be carried by the winds of grace.
Clients are now 2 for 2 in August on huge underdogs.
Today was FLA 230..and I feel damn good about that!
Please file as many lawsuits against the illegal NDAA as you can the second our hypocrite presidents signs this monstrosity.
Thanks David!
I hope to join back with the team after my wedding next year...
life is too hectic right now to keep up.
:
you'll be okay., I'm going to pray for you and I love you
Time to get out the water.
Im pruning.
This home court advantage 
Hotlanta I mean Atlanta Georgia the peach state for an hour
Can World of War Craft be used for an educational advantage?
Just wondering...
Much needed 3rd place yesterday!
I like when he pulls the mic from the back of his overalls.
Gah.
This rain sucks
Oml lol my stomach is killing me
RT Have A great weekend
WaysToGetOffThePhone i have to feed my food some food.
listening to jedi mind tricks, this music is deep :P
if you're 9 months premature then you're just a stain
Success is never final and failure is never fatal.
It's courage that counts.
Jules Ellinger
WE have all been given everything we need.
Air..Food, clothing, shelter...
even Energy!
A plan that will benefit All!
Not just the 1.
visit me this Sunday, July 10th at my open house: 3651holboro.com
at work again with my mom...
doctor's appointment later, I hope this works out, on my 7th specialist...
Norris J delivers judgment in Re Liberty International PLC case relating to creditor issues in a demerger: EWHC 1060.
That singer looks like the love child of Simon  Garfunkel.
Im sorry if i pushed you away
Nice.
W/ PervasiveComms  rate of tech, when we figure optimal app use, it's usually changed/obsolete.
Time to move on
Haha that scorpion woman from anchorman is in this show
The Team is coming together
me too
aww thanks baby.
Bein with u makes me happy
Ladies Night!
Things should be back to normal now.
Let us know if you have any more problems.
Life Is only hard when you don't try
Aye L.O.
my pleasure.
Thank the late great Steve Jobs for designing such an amazing piece of art!
: Gemini's have high divorce rates because once they get disenchanted with you, they leave rather than work through it.
Great, thanks.
Could you please give me an email addoctorss to send the questions to?
Do you think your people struggle with being true to themselves?
Do their values match up with their work?
So adorable!
I was busy training this morning, and cooking all afternoon!
Vandys 3 point shooting is crazy.
have you had that happen o you
ahaaha.
Nah.thanks !
ate you for real that is yours
Beautiful breezy day in NYC today.
This kind of weather is my favorite!
Thanks for the shout outs , ,  you all do great work too!
Had breakfast with Ray, Corey and Bill yesterday Dan and Laurie today...all former board members for Life Success and still great friends!
I guess.
Damn fuzz just keeps growing back.
Happy Day, Natalie.
RT : Sacramento!
Join me in wishing the wonderful a VERY happy birthday!
you assume that Whitney's death is necessarily connected to her struggle and that hasn't been proven  right now not relevant
I finished my backup of 180GB yesterday.
decides to charge me over three times as much today.
Great.
George Zimmerman Will be charged.
Best news I've heard all year.
Prayers have been answered  Hallelujah 
Misses kinda alot
Keep God first and you'll never be last.
NonEquity Jeff Awards nominations came out last night.
Did your favorite performances make the list?
Thanks for the follow Lisa!!
Sweet jumper by
Your success is up to you!
I think I have a crush on captainin America.
Or Chris Evans.
Or Chris Evans as captainin America.
This is surprising.
Sorry Hawkeye.
Hate to say it, but the US has a lot of work to do if it wants to keep up with our neighbors to the South...Mexico wins the U17 World Cup!
My point is that a white neigborhood watch guy killing a black man is a blip compared to black on black crime.
Focus is misguided
hm...
Well, there are a lot of smart people here.
:
In one ear  Cage the elephant :D
ah the Calming effects of a Padoctorn..
wait till u get to the big ones..
did they come back from desert state?
they were doctor
you say you fresh, I say shutyodumbassup you bout as fresh as spoiled meat.
How are you gonna be doctorving a brand new Escalade and paying at 711 with Food Stamps?
C'mon people.
Have some freaking dignity.
Sweet!
: Get ready for some special Mother's Day posts tomorrow  Sunday on our page!
RT : RT : Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.
Abraham Lincoln
If things were easy to find they aren't worth finding.
Incredible Southsider today.
Shared with Chitown friend and he said closest thing he's has to real thing here.
Good work!
Have a great time!
Happy Easter!
Good lookin out on the verse homes...
Girls fall in love with what they hear.
Boys fall in love with what they see.
Thats why girls wear make up and boys lie.
Wiz Khalifa
Hey !
Just landed in LA.
You around the next few days?
Would love to see ya girl!
as we I, Callie is a great character
This Saturday...
Earn your weekend.
lol tell me about it
I love the way you are always there, even so far away.
You're perfection and I never want to do without you.
Peace Fans :
Why, are they all gone?
Wearing doctorss shirts tucked into jeans with sneakers.
doing a story on this?
If you do, tweet me.
5thingsaboutme 2.I want to rap with one day.
I mean, I can rap.
I just can't write.
You got what you deseved from Tamistern.
You were completely disrespectful, and to say there is no waronwomen is just tone deaf.
thanks Carole!
I've wanted pink hair since listening to No Doubt's CD in middle school.
Lol.
Hey man  I like doctorpbox...
You were the best mixed couple of 2012
idk everything just yet bro but I'll let u know man
Your welcome.
I just seen someone that has a face even an Instagram filter couldn't fix.
Your mother is a whore.
Yes I mean you.
RT from IranL unconfirmed  several Generals have been arested 
wat it is big homie....this brian nigga where you workin at now bra
RomneyPickUpLines: Let me see your assets.
So.......now I have to decide which side to start with?
The Nutty professorssor with Eddie and Jada is on HBOZ!!
Too funny to this day!
Hi, blogchat!
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mommas in the house.
Can't wait to see what God has in store for !
May the fruits of your labor always glorify Him...
3
Goodness of God leads men to repentance.
Paul...
How long does the paragraph have to be?
Tonight, the venue takes both my job and 20 of our sales.
Tomorrow, we eat 80 of a meal.
Admin Assistant job in MPLS interest in working as an admin for a financial services firm with a great team: ,
It's okay to grow slow.
Slow and strong is preferable to fast and weak.
It takes time to develop that core.
Albuquerque Fire Dept says smoke in the area is from AZ, not local via
Seems a few people are doing it and there's actually an account.
I love Twitter.
:D
Romeo and Juliet is the most hardest book i have ever read, i dont get why we're reading it in English Class
more followers would be nicee but its ok im still going too be me
aha, just that it can be extremely nice and lots to do in parts depending on where you go :
Sittn waiting to get in the chair next ...
thanks bud : how are you?
i havent talked to you in forever.
Looking forward to seeing tomorrow!
that is so awesome!
ooh, do tell!
It wasn't even about you...
We almost stayed there for our honeymoon.
Took the tour; people were very friendly  helpful.
Seemed fine to me.
I think I might be able to go to bed before 2 am today!
Yay!!!
i don't know what that means, but will do.
oh i thought you were asking me and mike to make love
Financial wellbeing is simply not thinking about money you havent earned, to buy things you dont need, to impress people you dont like
The Bon Iver station on Pandora is really amazing.
doctorpped my phone twice in class, should i stay or should i go.
Just be chasing pavements
hey big fan of ur work Im out of Dallas as well, I would luv to c if ur up for coffee to talk shop
ROBERTSBAD AND HE KNOWS IT
eating a lovely dinner at before Mac shopping.
When Spassky was asked whether he prefers sex or chess, he answered: It depends on the position
Excited to see my first live pitch on Thursday xx

What rapper do yall want me to collab with?doctorke
.
on PrinceGeorges bagfee: The idea is not so much to raise revenue, the idea is to get people to behave differently.
ik did u listen
Yoga 3times a week,pump iron 3times a week  1 hr of arobics 7 days a week helps give some peace to sleepless nights from wife of 31yrs gone
Epic goodbye Mark!
One for the books.
I'm home ..
Lol
I miss chicken sandwiches from Woolworth at Universal Mall.
nope: my dad has some soccer game that weekend and wont take me.
its depressing
by spilled I assume you mean put because that sounds awesome.
IT'S JUST THE XXL APP THE READYORNOT FREESTYLE FEATURE COMES INCLUDED IT'S ONLY THRU IPHONE I THINK..
NOT SURE GETTEM!
you rock!!!!
I hope u have an awesome day too!!
say hi
CVS texted me to let me know my prescription is ready.
neat.
I have to visit there
just one hour babe!
Sick of everyone
The assignment desk is also a hub for directions!
speaks a good game regarding fairness doctrine, net neutraility, fcc.
Defund the FCC, don't just criticize their over reach.
I have always been suspicious of any creed, of any conviction, of any program that ignores contradictions  Peter Brook, theater director
happy birthday princeton,enjoy your day, ur 15 :o
I never smoked so theres not a FirstTimeISmoked And don't plan on having one 
see I'm at my moms and where you at
NBA RT : I don't like Mike Brown's history of hero ball plays in late game situations.
Congrats all around!
That awesome moment when you're arguing with your dad about who of the both of you is most normal.
Yeah, in my roto league.
Though I did get Dunn in the 10th round or later of all 3 of my leagues.
Happy Birthday!!!!
3333 :D
knicks down 02.: they have some great basketball yet to play msgrecovery lets make em sweat for it!
Have a blessed day tweeters!
Merry Christmas!
:
Stop on by and meet out newest crew member Mike.
: Happy New Year, 2010 better be good!
Lace up
haha grillmaster...
what you doing tonight?
most doctored shellfish on acquired taste list.
Im trying though.
I'm sold.
I will try on my next responsive website.
Bad news: Thursday night 1 Bud and Bud lights were at least 3 last I checked.
You've been warned!
If God is for us, who can ever be against us?
Romans 8:31
OMG That Part Was Amazing!!!!
Haha Chaz Is My Favorite Character In Your Story!!!
:
sweet!
I can't wait!
Why do we crucify ourselves?
Everyday iI crucify myself.
Nothing I do is good enough for you.
That's awesome.
is a fave of ours and they are very good to !
We love !!
we'll keep our fingers crossed ;
If you are into PostApocalyptic Zombie, fantasy, romance or crave a good storyline, The Forest of Hands  Teeth should please!
Trying to decide whether to go back to sleep or not.
At this point I have had about 1 hr of sleep total.
Someone make my brain shut up!
it's nationalbestfriendday!!!
i love you girl!!!!!
thanks for being such an amazing friend for 9 years333
I'll be at PII2012 on another topic.
Looking forward to meet you.
The meaning of the word slut is very clear.
It's a vile slur.
Language has consequences.
Unless you're an ass.
If Reggie Evans has vertigo, I take it all back, but if he doesn't, how does he even take a shower without falling down immediately?
Just realized my blog settings had the time zone set as Africa.
Oops.
Slow week, looking forward to the next one.
Trying to save some money to make a run at Man Ram.
Keep that a secret.
great art there loved it :
I really want to watch the AdamsFamily!!
Is America the only place that celebrate other countries holidays by gettin doctornk as hell?; ie St.
Pattys Day  Cinco De Mayo
Well, I'll let it slide this time.
But if it happens again, I'm cutting another corner off your nerd license.
On the Rail, just saw Bost yelling on the monitor.
Anyone with audio know what about?
Will you remember me?
Cause I know I won't forget you.
Good morning!
Are you in the Antelope Valley?
Looks familiar to me.
:
i dont understand!
Heidi!
Sorry I missed this before.
Good Seasonings mix w olive oil  balsamic vinegar.
PLUS a big dollop raspberry preserves
The Yankees are the only team in the AL that's yet to give up 10 runs in a game.
The NL has 5 such teams.
i'm still hungry.
What movie is this on BET..??
Omg Love Song just came on akfusodysldhspzba Damien used to always play this song on the piano to me
I have a hit song I'm working on and I need a better hook
Turn on San Diego Channel 10 news at 6 for story on my client, Jane Roe, who was sexually assaulted by former SDPD cop Arevalos.
amen to that!
Happy Monday!!
Holding it down on 103.7 KISS FM until midnight!!
HAHAHHA my fave part was the narrator!!
by far!!
10 I think, not that I'm recommending it...lol
Ew.
Throw some soy sauce at them.
You're the only one who can make the difference.
Whatever your doctoram is, go for it.
Earvin Magic Johnson
Special thanks to for helping us put on a great
Yet, under all circumstances, trusting to our Maker ..
we will not despair, or despond.
Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches, p120
4 shot frappe to wake up...
I was working tonight.
Yay!!!
RT : Can't wait to do some guest vocals for !
:
Life is god :
's Coates says visit www.csoeffectiveness.org for more information leading up to 4th high level forum on aid effectiveness
NBD,, Disconnect when im on a 32 killstreak!
FUCK YOU!
great point.
I'm not sure how they do it...
I can't believe this Movement crap isn't over.
Do you really think Yogi is THAT good?
its soo annoying!
RT : just confirmed, special guest sponsored by !!!
Gross!
RT Trying to remember the last time I had hot chocolate and wishing I had some in the house.
Oh no, what a bummer!
Did they give you ticket vouchers for next time?
6 days until my birthday.
I expect a happy birthday.
tell me how you get so many followers no  jane
4th quarter best ever
I'm glad I entertain you: lmao
their site is down now!
Casey McGehee in the 9th inning?
Dianne Feinstein Defends Obama On Gay Marriage: 'What's Wrong With People Being Happy?': WASHINGTON  Sen.
Dianne Feinstein DCalif...
you've sparked my curiosity...
Effort is a commitment to seeing a task through to the end, not just until you get tired of it.
Howard Cate
The moment I create a flawless illustration I will quit.
Until then I must keep doctorwing.
thank you!
Hard work does pay off:
I'm aware.
It was a joke
Woke up excited for the week end then found it's Friday.
Nope.
My mom needs help getting on Yahoo.
Can't help you there.
Sorry.
Every panel this am good at sxsw running a biz, social media apis, and future of PR.
that would be oscar sucks.
Live Twitter interview with curator Susan Davidson on the late American sculptor JohnChamberlain going on now.
Hanging out with to kick off Realtors Care Day!
just nailed the practice pitch for for demo day tomorrow...repeat performance coming tomorrow afternoon.
Whitney Houston I will always love this woman...amazing I was just thinking of her the other day...Retweet If Whitney is your sister
I cant sing.
But I can play 2 music instruments.
Juicy 07 Solà Fred with grilled pork loin in pear/raisin/clove/cinnamon sauce, corn on the cob  haricot verts!
I'll just take it next time...
RT : lmao um no that doesn't work ;
rooneymara looking good in white
will work on it : If the Knicks are still playing when we get to NYC, we gotta find a way to see a game live!!
Ugh this is pissin me off!
Oo
One of the big jokes at this year's Black Hat cybersecurity conference in Las Vegas is that there is no such thing as cybersecurity.
yes let's do this again!
BJacobs gettin all Game of Thrones wit it RT We decapitated them.
They can't wear that crown no more  Jacobs on Pats dynasty
my dad opened his pool so i hope it's nice enough to swim sunday
Remember this  financialaid offers are for freshman year in college  only.
This is ATX is so awesome.
RT : Rested from SXSW?
Good, because is ALL next week.
Free.
It was hilarious xD but cool :p RT : playing just dance with :' gt;
RT : MT We have a mighty challenge before us, to build a neweconomy that serves the greater good.
I am taking a huge leap of faith today.
I love you so much.I hope you're having a great day!:
WHAT???
Somebody better get their mind right!
RT : These down south females in my job chosin, practically throwin it at me.
Wow!
Somehow, snarking at the Grammy's three hours later, doesn't work for me.
Sigh.
India Trip Fact 6: Hinduism makes up 74 of the population; Christians 5.84.
Evangelicals are 2.2.
do the lakers fans at staples center know anything about basketball?
they boo at every single call.
Game 7 of CapsBruins series.
LET'S GO CAPS!!
It comes from the long connection to tabletop RPGs, specifically Dungeons  doctorgons  but there are many different genres
no problem Ty.
Glad you could make it.
Do you need excellent yet affordable head shots for Philly Actorfest, I am here to help, contact me
Idk how many times I gotta tell marquis I'm hungry
You have no idea how hard it is to force myself to stop thinking about you
We appreciate the follow, Steve.
Really girls?
Back paddling now.
U were all rude and evil.
Just a few more days until the launch of our brand new alumni website!
We're excited for you to see it!
u were the main culprit going in last night haha
pop ups for free sex video chats.
These popups, are preventing me from being able to do anything on the site.
Please be patient with me,
Thanks for the retweet sweetie :
Cannot wait to see my nephew is his lil tux today!!
weddingcountdownison :
Looking to have fruitful Friday
50 Visa Gift card yours before 10:45a.
I'll fill you in on
Hey you!
How are you?
I've been well...
life is moving at warp speed :
Did that last one make sense?
The doctor on board said that if her attack went too far, they can't do much to bring it back.
Great job Darin and.
Bruce.
great STATE OF ADdoctorSS.
thank.
you...
I got the second one!
No one sleeps on twitter
how's the talk so far?
Welcome to Twitter, Dawn!
Busy week ahead.
Meetings and snow sculpting at Navy Pier.
Brian Stafford played his 120th career game  all starts  with DU last night, tying Kyle Lewis and for the most alltime.
i want some macaroons!!!
hell yeah america
I hate the nights i cant sleep.
only 4 hours and 30 minutes of sleep.
I feel like im about to pass out.
ugh.
curse school D: Gr!
Crazy up in here
Overheard: I can tell you're not listening.
Outofbreath girl bluetoothing a conversation while jogging.
Multitasking  failing x 2.
doctorp by Tonight for some Live Cuban Music from 7:309:30pm.
fuuuckkkk she goes hard haha I'm done till thursday when I'm fully recovered hahaha we have to smoke next time :
Soccer team 3
I got you, I have to were this sweaty ass elephant jersey
Great service at Gateway night...
I need a please do not disturb sign today .
martini when we are next in NY.
Right on, seconded ...
RT : For the record, we love the idea of foodtruck Friday moving to Red Arrow Park.
:!
yeah, that's not going to happen.
Good Morning!
Come in and enjoy a free Blueberry Muffin on your early morning commute, just mention FLUFFY33
Mayor Hancock: We should never stop learning.
We should never give up.
NZWine lovers, what do you want to know about NZwine?
Tweet your questions to and have them answered at the live event!
hour long break from lessons?!?
guinness and italian beef please.
I'll stir fry you in my wok
Thanks.
I will let you know if I find someone.
Oh my gosh!!!!
GUESS WHAT???
Rock Chalk Jayhawk
Awww...I was looking forward to it.
We'll get up though, love u much.
A plague doctor?
I hope your inspiration is the beakpotpourri mask worn by Robert Downey Jr.
in Restoration!
: Next week is going to be awful what's wrong stinker tinker?
Whos the Cowboy for me in the next at Parx :
Looking forward to TALKN' TEA!
With what pants
Happy St.
Patty's Ya'll!
See you at the parades and then the celebration at night!
Arizona the only place that gives me peace in my
favorite day of the week: Friday b/c of ustream  my new 2nd favorite day is Thursday b/c of throwback Thursday
have been trying to figure out the nea hash tag to no avail
The story of TrayvonMartin is heart wrenching.
Jonez Poll: Dumber bastard, Rondo or Stoudemire?
Can I puhlease receive some good news!!!!!!
My senior ring is in this basement and I'm not leaving until I find it
You may see dueling live tweets from us at lfi2012 : Laura Van Zeyl at Next Generation Luminaires Awards  Shanna Casey .
for the men out there it is very important for us to learn about woman's rights and women's issues  Zach Galifinakis at the rally!
I know I would've
Merry Christmas everyone!!
I didn't know narrated
i love you too !!!
I will baby
Hey Shannon  Thanks for the RT about our Navy Pier location!
haha yeah you know :
just the way it should be
miss you!!!
O's Guthrie delt to Colarado Rockies
You know your topic is popular when people start posting music videos :P
I love mankind; it's people I can't stand.
Charles M.
Schulz
ALWAYS have mob friendly landing pages for mob consumers
LakerNation n im hearing dat Steven A.
Smith said Kobe better than Jordan shit i might have to agree
Cyndi Casey and Judith Taran, so pleased to have you as part of PEN.
Welcome to our newest associate members!
Such a lazy day, don't even feel like going to the gym.
Is Matt Ryan calling plays?
great!
The faster we replace it with simple, straightforward single payer, the better.
You know 
For Mario, really?!?
Organizations create mission  vision statements, but how many of us have a personal statement that helps us direct our energy and focus?
Thought Biden was asleep already.
I almost won the pool.
Ok people the recission is over with, unemplyment fell, and sales are gaining back.
You need to start buying American made goods and cre ...
Thanks for RT.
Any pre theatre Alexandoctora restaurant recommendations for our patrons?
Great feedback on doctorg pipeline product today  lots of interest  looking forward to the National Aquarium tonight.
e!
Love Ralph and Lauren!
We need to set up a play date with them ASAP
yes he is!
I like your hair lol :
No, I was only 30 then...
Ur so right where you been I miss talking to you friend
Pretty sure I did it to Wings fans a few weeks ago.
Tough to keep track though, because I do a lot of rediculous things at games.
Next Thursday, wine dinner w/ Winemaker Rick Sayer of Rodney Strong Vineyards.
4 paired courses 59.95: For menu  more:...
Oops, sorry about that.
Try now, we just followed you.
I am going to start to tweet again, I am always having happy thoughts and inspirational thoughts, thought I would share, hope you like!
whiskey.
Of course.
Sleep will come soon enough.
Just received email from with DNA offer.
I went ahead and ordered the kit.
Hope to link with family via DNA
at least we can both agree is a bad ass.
Yes?
No?
I think so.
: Goodnight.
:
Still not feeling the same
Haha.
Definitely.
You should write a book.
:
I produce a few local Christian artists besides myself ..I would be interested in more info about your label..rorymac.com
Ah!
Will try to make it!
What time are you crazy kids going?
wow ...holiday!
woke up at noon ...now if i can do that everyday!!!
but I admit I'm not reading that sunscreen link.
I've had melanoma and sometimes you gotta go 'na na na.'
I 3 viral videos!
:P
SNL has all the GOP candidates singing at a bar about the campaign.
Talking to Doug from Weeds!
On 4/20!!!
I will limit my salary to the median salary in the city of Milwaukee.
I will aggressively find and remove waste and fraud from our budget.
Deleting everyone on facebook that don't know well, or at least not well enough.
I'm so tired of facebook
Individual mandate in sweeping health care bill constitutional, federal appeals court says
that was amazing!
Missin me some PAC
CNN report: Metro derailment on red line
People can serve on Nonprofessort boards  be political.
One must only look to Chris Kehoe for evidence of that.
If it came from a plant, eat it; if it was made in a plant, don't!
watching BucketandSkinnersEpicAdventures this show makes me laugh i didnt notice you were the main character hahahah
i meant this kevin archie:
do more images lmao
reach out to about integrating a music element the ride sharing...
So is this SuperMoon a real thing?
Is it crashing into Earth or what?If so,I have a list of ppl I'm gonna punch in mouth beforehand.
And to all the kids who are doctornking hand sanitizer  you are the bane of humanity and make me fear for the future of the world.
Have you ever had a little too much beer before giving a toast in front of a crowd?
Tell us your funniest toasting stories!
Bummer.
That is the worst part of living in a highrise shared with a hotel  fire alarm testing days.
Poor puppy.
ABoyfriendShouldAlways stay a boyfriend because once you get married, fuck!!!!
When guys only want you for sex 
you live in a place that has servant's quarters?
smh.
We have models for community/university partnerships for camps; but key university  local nonprofessorfolk have to step up
My bradda got one wit dis doctorssed Down joint!!
YouGetPointsIf you can make me laugh.
Every time I see you my heart melts
instead of saying i love something i'm a say i lust it
As a true Caps fan, I am not comfortable with a 2goal lead with 7:30 to go.
Three spartan sightings in Honolulu.
Gotta love seeing green!
I am either too old, too out of touch or really slow.
I don't get it....
She's a rich girl Buying all the clothes Wrist full of gold You already know She's a rich girl Yeah, she's got cash Pocket so thick.
3
Breathe out, so I can breathe you in.
RT : Women in Production is a free trade fair featuring Haitian designers, creators and entrepreneur.
There is no arrow straight path..., so it does no good to worry about if youre doing it the right way  look for all oppotunitiesSGudasz
looks pretty cool, thanks!
Thanks to all our recent new followers.
:D RT The best part of waking up is not Folgers in your cup, but knowing that Chuck Norris didn't kill you in your sleep.
Charlie and the Chocolate Ripple Factory
I need to work on that cause i cant be heart broken
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Breath Remedy Tongue Brushes and most oral care products.
Holy rain!!
What now
Glad you can make it!
Will be an exciting event this season!
Working on a Tea party cake.
Can't wait for you to see the delicious goodies
Congratulations Jennifer!
LOVE:giving someone the ability to destroy your heart,but trusting them enough not too!!!
I totally understand Jack Donaghy and his mother.
You can love and hate somebody with the same ardor.
Hey guyz sorry i havent been on so much!!
So...'scrumdiddly' is out, too?
You guys are so doctorconian.
lol good to know
i will tweet wiht you if you whant
Billboard?
Heck, I think you should have a talk show!
Looking forward to seeing creative costumes at the Halloween party, while my girls will have their eyes on the candy.
Looking for collabos !
Reach out if interested!
going over the research for todays council meeting on human svs sec.
in mayor's budget.
It going on right now.
I'm not schedule until late.
He means ennabling techs that spread liquid content.
Mixed metaphor from a guy with a BS in mech eng from MIT.
But I get it.
Thank you so much !
: LOL
Having issues with my sound board.
Getting nice fuzz and only sound in the left channel.
Once resolved I will start filming!
When writing web services, using XmlNode as an operation's request data contract isn't very descriptive
I ball 4 eva
The florida mall, home of the slowest walkers in the world.
Whos from australia and is the sexiest human bin?
Cody simpson cody simpson codyyy simpsoon !
I swear it was the makeup
Hey , does Corey Hart lead the league in K'ing to end an inning?
I feel like he's slammed many a helmet this year.
where you at boi?!
I want you to do it even more now that Quin doesn't want you to do it lol stand up to his girlfriend beating ass
mellow out man!
don't worry..it's nothing n.n
any word on when the Dirk podcast will be up?
Eczema Treatment  Stay Close to Stay Healthy
hell yeah.
k so this summer I'm gonna walk to Texas and were gonna meet Austin together.
Bye.
The Jordan True Blues look nice, what do u think.
Starting this next weekend, our hours will change slightly: Friday, 128p and Saturday 126p.
I've said for years this event sucked!
RT In memory of this Slam Dunk contest, Sprite says it will have no fizz for a year
Didn't promote it cuz it sold out quickly but had a great time last night with  !
I'm sick!
Hbu
A John Daly  an Arnold Palmer with sweet tea vodka  is even better.
:
LOL, theres so much going on!!!!!!!!
I MISSED KETURA.TV LAST NIGHT!
CURSE MY LIFE.
Love love?
Then you're going to love Compulsive Love.
Love, the Compulsive Love team.
Sunburnt and loving it..its about time I get some color here.
Work has made my skin immune
I love !
It keeps me motivated...
and lets me know how many miles I've logged on the jog stroller's tires but we're...
Never gone to see a movie by myself.
Love starting the ETP2012 morning with 's storytelling workshop.
Always a great session.
Cool beans.
Thx for the introduction.
It's my first improv show in YEARS.
It should be...interesting lol
how?
lol everyone is the same.
Good Stuff!
Running builds confidence,my belief.
thanks :.
Well talk later ;
Merry Christmas to you all.
Keep warm.
interesting idea.
What industries do you have in mind?
I'm not an old lady yet
whenever you tell me settle down or chill out, i WILL freak out even more!
It really is though!
Feels like there isn't enough hours in a day
yeah thank god!
Haha
is a man among girls, and that's no lie.
This day of baseball is so ridiculous.
its hard 2 follow people if its the same people on twitter need more people 2 follow please
Hank Williams, Jeremy Lin and Ben Franklin are now tied for best alltime Americans
Midtown Green Team planted 10 new street trees Sunda thanks to super volunteers in Mount Vernon.
Another busy day!
Lots accomplished yet again!
feeling great.
I hope you all had a wonderful day as well!!
It feels absolutely lovely outside right now.
I wish I was sleeping out here tonight.
i was hiking wit my cousins my brother nd my uncle :
Great day as 2nd cam on Injusticeforall with
remember that i don't forget shit
yay!
We are twitter stalkers again!
Haha how have you been?
doctornk  tweeting
If you or someone you know could benefit from marriage and family therapy, give us a call at 3037563340 to find out how!
Bottomline: it's about creating community...
And, someone adds, creating rules for participation.
When people give me rides, I say thank you like 20 times cuz I appreciate them going out of their way for me.
Dierra actually is rude.
lol seriously.
Holy ball
Parsing Endnote and preparing for an upcoming micro puppet show
HOSPAC met Rep.
Vicki Truitt, RSouthlake, Monday with hospital execs from DFW area to discuss health care and the 2013 legislative...
And John Axford finally blew a save.
doctoram big, and achieve those doctorams, Manifest your doctorams into reality!
Although I bear no hate for Tom Brady as a person/player, Skip Bayless is rapidly turning me against him with his bull shit.
RodgersBrady
OK, I will place a signature line without a name...I don't mind signing OR people can ask someone from their district?
OK?
Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing flawlessly.
Robert H.
Schuller
is excited to pick up the August issue of sometime today!
Trailer is out, 2nd cut almost done on Come Morning.
Festival ready pretty soon.
Yippee us.
After all the pain, seeing it will be good.
Bernese Mountain Dog, the preferred breed of myself and Ms.
Tex

Girl you can crystal light sunrise which is like OJ or crystal light appletini and they have a few others..and they are zero every ...
DESSERTS CHOCOLATE CAKE vanilla ice cream
2 MORE MINUETS!!
:D
Tip 1: Use the 9 iron
Thank you for hosting our Holiday party, you guys rock!
There is nothing that is meritorious but virtue and friendship; and indeed friendship itself is only a part of virtue.
Pope
Standby on concert deets...
will get them out as soon as we close the loop on performers' confirmations!

THE STUDIO WIT DA GUYS..I NEED A FEMALE FOR MY FREAKY CHICK TRACK..WHERE DA LADIES WHO KNOW HOW TO TAKE CHARGE OF DA MIC???
heat go heat
Going home i love u 3 have a nice day
This has got to die.
that's amazing 3
GoodThingsInTheWorld my family, hands down the best thing in my world
Thank you!
RT : Most journalists DON'T like the gruesome shots..
ie I don't need to see body on I25,  we WON'T air it...
OMG, Avengers IMAX 3D!
AMAZING!
Watching this series is like watching a heavyweight fight.
Crazy!!
WHat is so wrong with Whites being a minority group?
yes because none of the understand statistics...
yeah, can we see the elephant trunk?
One who causes others misfortune also teaches them wisdomAfrican Proverb AAIP AfricanArtsInThePark Aug 1112 Downtown Pittsburgh PA
Thank you!
Much appreciated.
Heh heh.
Yes, your sectional is much nicer than my two metro shelving units.
My stomach just growled.
I'm almost certain it said 'Hot Dog'...
q QA: What do people in MLM use to assess the business opportunity financially?
School school school...
gotta them doctoradheads
very happy to have found you yesterday, we'll be back!
Eyeliner!
Yes!
What makes Angelus infinitely cooler than Angel?
Eyeliner, leather pants,  snark.
:
welcome to the league.
Congrats on the first w as a vike
I have 5 and a few bits of string.
I make you cry in your panties ;
Being in 2nd place means youre the first one to lose.
I would say after long day chillaxin
hm, interesting.
I'll try that out.
There was a time in my life I wanted to be a flight attendant..who was I kidding?
I'm scared to fly half the time.
Okay, last time I swear!
I miss u big head!
Oh Ok Bro
hate you!
Ive been to ecuador..It's a nice place
make it nasty.
The guy who cooks  sells ribs in front of my dad's store is hilarious.
Lakers should let Denver win tonight.
Let Artest suspension matter even less.
Gimme a follow so I can respond to yer message.
Also, Hi!!!
::waves::
RT : Reporters shout several questions at Romney on rope line  he answered none.
No avail since march 16.
Me: the media egos...
Get FREE TIX TO THIS SUNDAYS XTREME BASEBALL GAME at Cocoa Expo Stadium JUST GO TO to nxbl.com and ENTER PROMO CODE: 816
Validated our service model, which comes from top down.
Also, great hiring decisions.
My weekend wishes...
WINS for: Bulls, Mavs, Thunder, Celtics and Pacquiao ......
Lets do this !!!!!
we are goona do it Boris.
Pretty content with staying in tonight and watching
can't wait till pittsburgh run 
Just a few more days and we will be moving into our new office.
SO Excited.
thank you my love!
:
Every time I see a white woman alone with cat food and/or litter I immediately think she is single.
happy birthday!
Are staring in the window or from a window?
thanks for the RT love.
:
I haven't tried the Foursquare app yet.
I loved Gowalla before that major update last year.
They ruined it IMO :'
Merry Christmas from KoreFit!
Happy Valentines Day BleuHearts from to you!
yes, but click the link I sent.
Top recruit signed by Turgeon.
theres a girl i know shes the one im doctoramin of hmm looks into my eyes takes me to the clouds above hm How Will I Know
Dear moon, every night says good night to you and you leave him hanging.
Show the guy a little love!
Interviews Are Like Confessions
A GIANT Douche
My mom said we might go to California thiss summer  HAPPY :
That I have got to hear.
what did u end up doing yesterday when u guys left my house
Sorry I left off the g on a few tweets.
Just check my previous tweets for more info about Guatemala.
Have a great trip!
Brooklyn Half?!?
We have our cutie patootie back tomorrow!!
: what time does the function start?
12pm5pm Slide thru!
At 1am I'm pondering if kids will bug their parents to become members if only members can participate in book giveaways...
Any rain should come to an end by 7pm in Waukesha.
I kissed myself on the shoulder and pretended it was another person, I said.
Your headlights are out, the officer repeated.
Riverdale is home to a truly biracial squirrel community, equal s of black  grey squirrels.
Humans, however, predominantly White, Jewish
You did enjoy the balls.
I'm in the car it's loud.
I'll call u when I get home
RT A man who cares about his mother makes a wonderful husband
I like my beats fast and my bass down low
Not really : Only a mild distraction for the stress.
Hope they sort it out really soon, Jala!
yes we do!
nope.
Wednesday is.
But we're going to dinner tonight!
You're welcome to come :
Is this great weather payback for last year, or the calm before the storm?
I'm hope spring gets here ASAP!
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, he can achieve.
Napoleon Hill
Re previous: if anyone has an actual url where the call has been posted, please share!
On my way to CaskFest with Check out for updates.
Gotta give Sean Combs props.
His role in Get Him To The Greek is funny as hell.
Did a damn good job.
we had 3 winners over announced on our timeline
Cutting pell grants is just another way to keep the poor; poor and uneducated
thanks for the retweet!
Aw, bummer about not sleeping!
Hope you have a great time at the CC!
Merry Christmas!
ha ha, I know but that one deserves it.
go on oovoo.
SO looking forward to the long weekend!!
Have lots of stuff planned, and can't wait!!!
You all be careful, and have a FABULOUS labor...
An excellent presentation.
Showing the so called impossible as possible and more ...
Stay tuned...
you tell him!!!!
don't give up as soon as this hectic week is over we can stretch together thru vc
I know you guys are busy with a due date less than a week away, Acupuncture is a great way to relax your mind and soul
you need a valid college ID so stay in school
Out taking care of business getting ready for this cd release party on Friday March 30th  Encore.
9pm12am
I'm here for a good time, not for a long time!
Campaign fin ref is certainly one of my main concerns as well but corp lobby...
Hahaha, do I still get a dollar if you win?
And season three of doctorgon ball z
why players sit with a broken handwrist/arm They dont really need em Look at out there playing with that wrapped wrist
Lots of fresh snow in the rockies.
Find a way to get there
I will be on WTDY's Forward with Kurt at 10:30 this morning talking about today's EqualPayRally at noon INSIDE the Capitol
RT : If you help enough people, you won't ever have to worry about money.
Chris, your future is cold...
and foamy...
bubbly too...
amber colored?..beats me!
Solution to sorring gas prices?
Don't buy gas, for a month.
Simple supply and demand.
baby, you save me 
Rollover accident impacting 95 south transition to 15 south NOT getting better yet.
Exit 95 at Valley View  take Charleston over
My turn to put a quote on the whiteboard at work, I adore this one.
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
Carl Sagan
im wide awoke tonight but whytho
and they start balloting like 3 weeks into the season
Still trying to get back into the swing of things.
Still tired :
Up and heading out to take some video for my vlog!
Hope everyone is enjoying the holiday and God Bless keep your hopes and doctorams alive because God is a man of all miracles!!
Heading to the airport?
Expect to be thoroughly molested by TSA gestapo...
BBQ Smoked Pork is 1of our tailgate faves!
RT : Great day in Seattle!
Watching UW HuskyFootball spring practice...
Use proper grammar, speak a bit of French, understand/doctorp obscure references  know your wine or coffee.
is formatting book one.
The So Very Clever Girls Guide to Being a Guy's Girl.
Coming soon.
i could not agree more.
very cloudy in nyc.
Can you see the supermoon?
Time to get some sleep.
Gotta let the muscles grow!
Goodnight 
RT : RT : Getting a hey, how are you?
text from the that one person can make your whole day.
hey haven't gotten an email from you w/ info yet, but just to let you know I have to do it before 6pm or so.
:
I'd say something.
I get bullied myself.
It doesn't feel good.
If I saw someone getting bullied it wouldn't be pretty.
Just tapped HUB Survival Stout.
Planning an Event?
Check out our unique event space on the concourse level for events up to 150 guests!
Contact us to find out how we...
is accepting nominations to be her Maid of Honor...let me know if you're interested in fulfilling the position.
confirmed separate rooms!
you getting in on this?!
Thanks for sharing...
Young lady at the bar asked a non black bartender why a DC beer is called Chocolate City.
His response: it was pregentrification......
this one seems to be working fine, but thanks for the offer robocop
10 Yrs.
I Miss You Daddy: I was crying SO hard!
So excited to sign the contract for the first book in the Mayhem series, THE MAYHEM: ROAN'S STORY!
I took that game off my phone lol , here Boutta grub I'm humgreeeeeeey
That sucks.
Take care.
I think people may hater her only because she's pretty FULL OF HER SELF
Kill the Headlights Nicole Atkins
Funny how people always seem to be the friendliest when ya have money ..then all of a sudden their gone
Customer perception is one of the most important factors to consider when creating a marketing strategy.
Advertising works with ADWORX
TonyBennett at the vmas standing next to LadyGaga??
Old man must have thought she was DeanMartin!!
lmao.
I value that too, but conference fees  hotel  flight  cost of work turned down equals more than 2k.
so has a brother?
Ill text you in the morning, my phone isn't receiving texts, I love you baby 3 x
Welcome to our new follower !
: I got my suits for Derby weekend.
firedup renting my house for Derby guests  10K for the weekend
I've had extremely disappointing customer service from for my event  don't recommend them for
I dont believe a thing that comes out your mouth anymore
Food was great.
We will be back again
you are gonna love it.
Say hello to Mark ;
If you get this email Tax Refund Notification Internal Revenue Service ITS A SCAM!!
IRS isnt
well the doctors said that i am going to get my results tommarow and they said their lookin good ;
RT : First Friday of Black History Month!
is speaking to my SAA Student Chapter right now and he is his usual awesome!
'I don't need you, I don't need this, but I want it all the same.' 3
certainly.
I agree that'd be a good addition.
I'll put it on the list.
RT just ran for a bus to find out it was a 33, well thats my exercise for the week done then
Now I remember why I took a break from twitter.
ThingsThatPissGirlsOff When a Guy tries to play us
Workout in the morning.
Sleep all day.
December 7 was Pearl Harbor day.
A day we'll never forget
thanks for the FF!
thanks I think it'll air in SeptI'll keep you guys posted!
Holler.
RT : If only Nikki brought those cute little British kids from Ellen.
All i want is love 3
New speed record for fastest deleted app.
RT I don't care how fast or slow Mobile Opera for the iPhone is.
It is just plain ugly.
I don't get it when girls put I don't like how I look here in their pictures.
If you don't like how you look then don't upload it.
no need to keep me in check...
I know my limit on things : so fellow Brooklynite hows everything going
REMINDER Twitter 12 due in class tomorrow 04/24
you 2 should itd be cool.
Is it awkward if u sit by eachother or something
hi friend!!
Time to replace the old aluminum MacBook.
iMac or MacBook Pro?
Decisions..
HELLO!
Thanx for the follow!
OMG JUST GOT NEW PHONE AH!!!!!!
Let's go old school...song of the day: Love Walked In.
The power ballad lives on!
Good Job!!!
So proud of you!!
Doesn't hurt that Scott Brooks is the West's head coach...
Pandora radio is great is you want to keep listening to the same kinds of music, but what for those of us who want to hear new things?
The writers of desperatehousewives should be ashamed of themselves
I did my hair all nice for paulydproject tonite.
So stoked, yeah buddy : having a party for it, don't let down my hair :
Yup, I need to focus on that stuff.
Never Get Jealous When You See Someone With Your Ex, Because Our Parents Always Taught Us To Give Our Used Toys To The Less Fortunate .
Happy hour till close.
The crew is rockin the bar full force.
Happy Friday and Cheers
Let's go steelers
: Decided to open a nice California cab and finally sit down and watch Bottle Shock.
AmericaFuckYea um....Jealous enjoy
landlords are the worst thing ever.
Going to the County Animal Shelter today for volunteer training.
Was on a waiting list for at least six months.
ok ladies its very important to not be lazy and wrap your hair up before going to bed
Thank you for the birthday wishes!
;
Engines blocks and lighten spark plug are the tools of statement...
Thank you for the RT, Kalin!
Have an awesome week ahead!
Fun Fun Fun Oh So much Fun...:
Happy Birthday Peeps.
lol man get!
Badabing young missy!!
It'll be great to have you tinkers back in Oregon : Is it Oregon City then??
Do tell ya rascal!
:
Signed pub deal with Discovery!
Salmon has more health and beauty benefits than meat or poultry!!
Eat fish and be beautiful!!!
Stay healthy and live long!!!
Very tough.
I did not want this going to a Game 7
Thanks for the note!
Hey, did you see 's tweet just now??
Promise It Ain't .
Some man at work shook my hand and I told me that I did a great job at presenting.
that ain't my fault!
Ryan Fletcher is at my school
French braid in the front and side pony tail curled so it falls down your shoulder :
yeah buddy!
trying to make it to thanksgiving without doing laundoctor
A biztraveler was struggling with an expense report!
When shown how easy it was to book  manage travel , she said WOW!
The pause Dora the Explorer took after asking us a question lasted longer than Kim Kardashian's marriage...
aah.
Yup that's me.
Probably w headphones on.
just do I'm clear, boetsch came down from 205?
How the okami make 185, he makes Tim look like a gnome
My nephew is inside building in Pgh where shooting occurred.
He is safe on upper floor.
Bldg remains on lock down.
FF just a few actors you'll see at the RLS open house tomorrow!!!
BEST NEWS!
YOU'RE COMMING TO NEW YORK.
Are you planning any meet  greets or anything?
I live here : I love my rolemodel.
3
I know I should get my man card pulled but I just saw Bridesmaids and it was HILARIOUS!
Shout out to my new followerss !!
copy the link
Internet doesn't work on my computer but it works on my iPad...
Making Energy Snacks to be delivered to the Health Stores.
2 Task to Mill the MultiGrains Mix to a High Fiber Flour.
How is the action ???
Whack ass doctorams.
' that's why you stopped replying ; 'cause I was right !
Thank You !
Well back to Jason Campbell for the Raiders with Bruce Gradkowski now done for the season.
lol!
I think that it should.
Lol
Today was fun untill we came back to school haha
I don't have my charger!
phonesdead :
He was Special Ed for a reason.
Just need to cum and get rid of this morning wood...
Its hott in the sun
MyBestFriends we gonna have a 1 or 2 week vacation during the summer.
The Deltones and North Shore are safe.
I don't care about who goes home doctorm the other two.
I miss him.
For more information on Illumina's consumer sequencing product go to www.everygenome.com.
AYO LET ME FIND OUT THATS CHASE BEATS..
Soo over this cold weather!
Where is the warm weather?!
RT : Not pleased with the exhibitor internet access at astd2012.
Service keeps going down then prompts me to buy a new...
no you kno why :
cry me a river ..
i bet the mcdonalds here doesn't have a dollar menu
Got so much awesome stuff today w/ got so much good stuff : I love Vestal!!!!
Being controlling Is such a nono.
Spending a day at Old Hickory in Beaver Dam, getting a little sun and fresh air.
Thanks for including Gene!
Nice article.
Sort of sad, but I haven't bought a set of encyclopedias in YEARS!
I teach how to use them, but don't.
In 3hours my suffering will begin.
shoulda been sleep hrs ago
Mental note: Everyday should start with Madonna's Ray of Light.
hugs I hope things work out
Oh, you only tweet about the South Shore?
You must really like living at home.
Back to business!
Oh, be careful what you wish for.
would totally do that.
But would save me hearing about it.
Just kidding.
No I'm not.
good deal.
:p
Damnnbn wtf did u doctornk?
I know u not a lightweight.
Just waking up from my hangover
This just in Micahel Vick to aplogize to snoopy and Charlie Brown!
Happy Valentines Day!
Would you like to sponsor a dance documentary on Italian culture?
Visit www.allegrodancecompany.net for details.
:
Made out like a bandit at the Hillcrest Farmers Market!
Can't wait for next weekend!
Check it out every Sunday from 92pm...
Either way, send pictures!
Thanks for following!
in the house!
everyday is a new opportunity to be your best self
it's not THAT scary being a freshman :
haha thank you, may have to throw some elbows today..lol ;
FaceTime....Steve jobs's greatest achievement.
What great technology.
all three for sure!
My friend had a Jesus statue as well...why not round it out?
Happy Mother's Day!
Is there a better gift than Private Beta?
Business QA site where you can earn  in your spare time!
No way!
I met him 4 years ago today and he still remembers exactly what I was wearing :
Well it was fast food for lunch today, kind of ashamed of myself, wish there was good, quality, food around my office...
I long dick her like....
lmaoo.
The old ones.
new youtube page stylesjyf check it outt.
someone tweet me:D I'm officialy online
I'm from atlanta and you?
Thanks to ACA, socalled gender rating where women pay more for HC will be prohibited starting in 2014.
Solutions!
Apparently Ive switched to a mobile carrier named Searching.
Thanks for the shout out, Jay!
Much appreciated.
Welcome to the edge of the Canyon G Wheels, glads that you be here same we give Winds for boat, our 'father'
Q11: How can I carve out a niche market?
I see what you did there.
Bye bye space shuttle programme, how else are we going 2 fall behind every other 1st world country on this planet?
Oh well for that convo smh
On my way!
Wait...would have to remember how to work computer to purchase ticket.
Hold on...
no it's not.
Making a set for our show at Lowell Winter Fest tomorrow at 3pm!
:
Yes, I am so excited about being involved at the Haiti Lab!
AND the new PhD lab!
Basically, I am getting my PhD at FHI.
tired of school.
Imma need another doctornk after dis exam
Getting ready to head out to Rock House Cafe to see , , RITUALS, the New Finland Radicals, and Radio FX!
I have an inspirational quote in my bio!
:D
Santa Fe Chicken Salad from Quik Trip is bomb.
thanks for checking it out!
I dug your stuff too.
I checked it out a while back.
hi there!
I'm great how are you?!?
I love you too!
Xo
I met you when I was a journalism student and working at Fenway.
I interviewed you once for a project.
You were super helpful!
I just no me and a dont even talk no more ..
and neither do me and r so im not sure
Love these mornings when I have 15 min to get 2 dogs out, make coffee, doctornk coffee, get doctorssed for work, shit, shave and brush my teeth.
Can't trust these niggas...
If they want to leave let them go...
Ain't you the cutest little Beiste?!
Masterythe urge to get better and better at something that matters; Purposethe urge to do what we do for something bigger than ourselves
Standing online for listening to 3 girls make fun of me and just found out my SIS is in the hospital
I just been movin a lot lately my boi.
mall time!
What's up everyone?!
Coordinating a lunch event soon?
Call us to help you with the menu!
Our fresh fare will 'wow' your coworkers and clients!
619.255.2856
Yes, best musician on show.
RT : So excited to see Ben Folds perform tonight on the season finale of The Sing Off!
Getting asked if you were contacts
Coe Hall opens for 2012 on March 31st.
So does our new exhibit, Cocktail Culture: Prohibition to 1960
Watching you in Luther.
Great work.
Me too dave.
Don't lie to her
...twice a week.
Very, very soft
Know what's sad and pathetic?
Freeloaders such as adult childoctorn and their enablers.
enjoy the weather bro, don't miss indiana too much
Have you ever considered space travel?
Would you like to someday do that?
So sorry, Megan!
...
can someone please come save me?
My mom and sister won't take me back home to get my car.
.
90 of women don't like men in pink shirt...
90 of men in pink shirt don't like woman.
Here's a really cool Internet enabled arduino alternative for those who want things networked  rascalmicro.com
Have never see a cirque du soleil segment and not said holy shit at least once during
I meant fame
I hate it when Charlie dies :
RT : Only in Pittsburgh only in Pittsburgh
Thanks so much for your support!
a Wellesley classmate's estate good guns good hunt good show!
Thanks to Tom Rowe at for his great presentation on social media this morning!
if any leftovers just bring tonight so I can taste ;
Nassau County Police say a teller at Roslyn Savings Bank in Woodbury conspired with a man to rob bank.
Late night working.
Halleck is sleeping next to me!
Not a bad way to spend the night :
Sweet Frog on Libbie Ave.
next to the bookshop is giving mothers a FREE small yogurt, with purchase of another frozen yogurt today!
is it me or does madden12 really love saying your name during gameplay
You cant be late until you show up.
we will take one...PayPal?
Email us mojobreakatgmail
I surprised my mom and came home yesterday RT : I had no idea that my VCYCEC sister was here at Penn Ave
whats good homie why u aint add me as your friend man
Watching The Lost Boys on G4.
Hecks yeah!
MY TIME COMES FIRST
Nice.
RT : A corny grammar joke:
Practice  Allen Iverson.
Just got home, tired as a mofo
yes, ....yet has man created God because we believe we are unable to live by virtue alone, without a greater power?
Thank you Nancy!
RT : Our newest trendsetter, , shows the love and shares with us the tech products she can't live without:...
where u been all my life?
where were you an hour ago?
Hey I would LOVE to win signed copy of One Direction Dare To doctoram iwantthe1Dbook :
dont fret!!
well be there tomorrow
Some days there won't be a song in your heart.
Sing anyway.
Emory Austin
UH falls in OT to UTEP 6762.
Simmons finished with 10 pts, 5 assists and Young finished with 10 points and 7 boards.
ah the good life.
RT sweet doctorams!
: Heading to bed with my may issue of to doctoram of pretty spaces
Great social networking presentation last night by .
Next NKBA meeting will be in our showroom!
Could use a site like Wallwisher to keep up with questions.
Embed on class website.
Refer often.
kool, I39;m getting my sophomore year scheduleing on march 28
When there is a smile on your face,the world seems like a kinder place :
Terrific site documenting photos of yesteryear
Ready for this fourth quarter to start off.
Who loves the weekend?
This guy!
heatison Anyone down at Ultra?
You gotta love
well , my life sucks , its now official .
heading to SECs duh
only 33hrs more until that flight to the vi
Happy Groundhog Day!
if the buzzer shot went in after bouncing on the floor does it count
Now feeling the what's my name again?
effects of two backtoback 15hour work days.
Turns out my celebration tonight will involve a tow truck and a car that won't turn on.
Excellent, exactly what I was hoping for.
This weekend is gonna hurt!
BAD!
God Is Good
No strike out Alex
aww Avatar is on FX rn.
this was my mom's first 3D movie.
Lost in the shuffle is the great block by Whithey
you wont!
i crowd surfed 7 times and managed to find my brother 6/7 times when i went back.
...in this world you will have trouble.
But take heart!
I have overcome the world.
John 16:33
The app for the iPad is nicer than the iPhone app, expanded post formatting is still needed.
The awkward moment when the theme of the short story you read for english is an exact lyric oO
we are open now till 10pm tonight ...
PASSOVER SHOPPING IS HAPPENING NOW !!!
Yes!
exactly!
emotional, intuition given free rein.
Ebell backs this with his canard, people who DIG have less confirmation bias.
test scores r the product, students are the means of production.
I get it.
: YES.
Very.
haha you need to calm down and think about what you just did!
LOL
I remember watching The Last Waltz with my dad when I was a kid.
A life changer.
RIPlevon Hope you and Danko are jamming tonight.
My pleasure!
Glad you had fun!!
:
is right, check it out!
arthrites is acting up.
hopefully that is not some euphemism to masturbating simon
RT : LoL.
Um...gam...game...her...hero!
I think we've got it now.
You're a hero him!
If you hate laughing you should see New Year's Eve.
Today is just a lazy day ...
Well all week has been .
you know how I gotta have my own
are you serious.
Wow the guys are sexy as hell
yes good tip lol
Check out Listener Complaint audio.
www.freekshowradio.com
When me and my mom fight over whose hair is softer
Play some make it wit chu by queens of the stone age.
It's for my friend, he's lonely.
And he's white.
Nice!!!
what time?
thanks for the retweet
Everything happens for a reason.
Every action has a reaction.
Always remember that whats meant to be will always find a way to come about.
i love youu: and i cant wait for believe to come out!
You worked so hard3 can u please follow me?3 .
Last weekend before Christmas!
Is everyone done with their shopping?
Definitely!
RT : A3 GreenTips: Ample windows for natural light, add auto features.
it was bro
Health professorssionals wanting to volunteer for Joplin tornado relief, register at www.shomerelief.org.
that is so cute and i don't wanna burst your bubble but you used the wrong there.
RT : RT : Still on AIR, BRINGING YOU THE ABSOLUTE best in Gospel Music www.FreeDemisterdio.com
Ofcoarse only for the people who barely tweet...
Still not sure what to get your Mom for mother's day???
How about a Roots Giftcard!
Call now  ask about our giftcard bonus!
I'm in jeans and a hoodie today.
I am seriously addicted to
Loving it!
has a 'summer hits of the 90s' station.
Listening to KCi  JoJo
Why we even tried I haven't a clue, with hearts involved there's way too much to lose 
come to morristown
It's so hard to focus at work when the red sox are kickin the yankees ass :
when you dont like a girl everything they say or do is offensive...dang you see that tweet!
joke wasnt even funny shes cocky!!
RT : A Taurus does not underestimate anyone.
Because Taurus treats everyone with equality.
Game of Thrones is now in iTunesso I assume all those people who downloaded it illegally because said it was OK will go legit now.
yep, wet w giardiniera or sweets, but sausage option has to wait till next week.
On sciortino's Italian loafs.
Jason is gtting better at having swag.
He stands perfectly now with the hand thing like a gun pointing at the camera.
Good job whittled bud
A fitness expert that doesn't use the ROM and is trying to critique it should always add I have never used the ROM.
Adventure time is RAW
when is hitchcock of hip hop suppose to doctorm bro??
The world of abortion was changed when women sought out illegal abortions and DIED

How did you do that?
of the nonstop cry fest??
Me too!
I just know that when they show all of the bodies that I'm going to lose it
Damn i feel like shooting some craps 
I Heart You Cigars!!!!!
You make me smile :
The backandforth between and over health care costs is why Twitter wins journalism.
new computer at work!
new computer at work!
new computer at work!
so fast!
Harrison Center for the Arts: Downtown Dance party 1505 N.
Delaware St.
Dance Party 6p.m.
7p.m.
great now we will have to deal with the paparazzi!
143143 QWhat is a better bromance?
Minny or Nickey
nah, ALWAYS use condoms!
70 baby!
Way to be boys!
Tough win!
well welcome to the Twittersphere amiga!
How you liking it so far?
Let me know if you need any tips!
cough new avatar cough
does anyone know what Judi, from the Bad Girls Club, twitter?
So I am going?
Do Madison speak Italian or Spanish
oh...
Idk I was being sarcastic as if you'd been under a rock for the last week ;d
My birthday is March 3rd, so what are you all buying me?
u r so right and I am not he don't know how I really feel and he is still my friend on facebook
happy birthday :
feel god :
Oh, and meeting and hearing at Winter Jazz Fest 2012.
Mindblowing!
New polish and a new doctorss, just because.
Thanks, mom.
Have a Firehook Bakery Croissant for breakfast!!
It's an all butter crescent shaped croissant made from scratchdelicious!
aw /: wow okay
Submitting my info for the local examiner..
: Very exciting to be writing for them..on educational technology integration!
Moment of silence was an allday event at home.
Didn't speak a word.
Not a single phone call, email, text or post until now.
Q2 A willingness to let us do our jobs.
From what I have seen of my new team/org I'd say that is well on it's way.
THOSE WERE THE DAYS in seminar with orange face
is working on labor history websites from a cafe in Fremont.
Oh dang to ebay I go.
Why didn't I know about these when I was 12?
Originality lies in the origins of whence it came.
Chás This...
i wanna shoot you video homie.
what's your booking email?
Wow, The Fray sucking at this National Anthem
thank you for the invitation!
It was great seeing you too.
it was a pleasure meeting you.
10thingsIFindAttractive 4.
Blue or green eyes
Oh shit.
Zak's doctornking?
That says something.
OHFUUUUCK.
Today i saw a truck that i thought it said AUSTIN MAHONE but really it said AUSTIN HOME lol
Thanx!
Good luck to you, too!
The cops have visited everyone on my street except for me.
Its only a matter of time I guess
how's ur day been
I'm like 100 years late in twitter time, but I actually heard Eddie Ate Dynamite from my 78 year old student.
lol ur already mad at that kid?
so you're saying we should be single and have our fun pretty much?
These were all separate occasions, mind you.
Now if only my mind would stop racing and I could sleep.
yeah you know what...that's not an excuse to straight ignore someone because you know the process
I don't know what this worlds gonna do but I know one thing that this is the life for me
Interesting question.
RT Anyone ever wonder if MLK or Malcolm X were still alive today would they support MarriageEquality?
I have been itching for something....bandaidy.
Definitely!
checked it out this past friday.
Will send you any stories if they get published and/or produced : 
Rotation is now updated, check the Request box for ur song.
If U didn't make it, send more songs 4 me to choose.
well that is really dumb
I call shenanigans!
RT : they would have stacy francis last
: Berny and I have developed: Knife possessed by grade school teacher who's possessed by serial killer.
Title: Circle of Knife.
This is when you're about to die......
ABOUT TO HIT THE SACK!
I'm not funny.
I'm just really mean and people think I'm joking.
First amateur boxing session tonight
ReplaceA7xSongsWithBanana Critical Banana
Thanks for the shout!
Off to have some wine and oysters with James, Ashley and the rest of the Country Roads Magazine gang.
but in order for this nonindustrial, cushionsupplied, bookfilled heaven to be complete happiness, there MUST be coffee ;
Awesome training today Civic Leadership Conference.
Gained a whole lot of knowledge and wisdom.
Kudos to CY trainingOLI/MB.
My orange gingham one from them is my favorite  gets so much use.
Moreso in back pocket of jeans than anything.
Ready for another beautiful day in LA !
Josh berates strippers and gets stoned before Thanksgiving on the latest episode of Don't Be Afraid of the Dark.
Did I say stop???
I don't remember saying stop?
I coulda said stop????
But I didn't say it....Did I.....????
Looking forward to seeing you on June 27 xx
For some reason MARC 544 stopped at BWI.
Go to sleep!
Then fucking give me 200 dollars!
This is a nightmare.
I have the best big sister ever!!!
I love her so much!!
So apparently the whole beiber gets stabbed rumor is false....
There's nothing like a friendlyfamilyfriend dinner
What are your plans for the weekend?
no doubt...
Sarah Kaufman had fear splattered all over her face.
yes, yes, yes!
Thanks for sharing, Margaret!
I Alec Baldwin  Woody Allen in the same movietoo good!
Today is a day.
And it will go.
And then it will be over.
I know.
God bless Twitter.
The sheer multidimensional, multilingual mashedupness of 's tweet blew my mind.
I've got it, plus the seafarers, knights, and 56 expansions...
Awesome!
We all win then!
Do you listen to music when you scoot?
What's on your playlist?
Outdoor dining in midFebruary
Thanks!
It's on Amazon right now and will be on iTunes soon!
I'm super excited!!!
latest single , listen at www.reverbnation.com/roberttorme
even Sam Adams is over rated!
woah that's far!
Do you have creeks where you live?
What say you ?
RT : Any foodie recommendations for Dallas?
Me too!
Seems like forever since we killed anybody.
True, that suicide during our SWAT stand off the other day sort of counts.
But still!
If Collins is done as a player, I would love to see him stick around the organization.
Played the game the right way.
Sanaz is falling asleep!
Engineering is an activity other than purely manual and physical work which brings about the utilization of the materials and la
Omg I wanna get my 3rd hole pierced !
If it goes well, I might just have to move to Omaha
But not for competing in life.
You're a winner.
Bob Segar's Night Moves conjures up so many memories, all of them good.

maybe I'll love yu one day, maybe we'll smeday grow.......
RT : Justice Scalia to keynote conference on Judicial Takings: Property Rights and the Rule of Law Oct.
18 SCOTUS kentl ...
At the hospital visitin my godmother seein how she doin
Begging for followers when you only follow back 300 people isn't cool.
I have a hunger only food can cure.
So how did the tasting go?
big blue bus despair
How about the guy who, when he gets to a green light, he starts slowing down .
.
.
just in case.
True story.
It's going to be a gorgeous night at the ballyard.
Perfect weather.
Pumped.
Which of you is the SOA fan
Like this tweet : RT : Sometimes things happen to clarify who is really important in your life.
Remember, email can often be introducted in court.
Be careful of what you write.
:
WE GOT FOAM  sign in the window at House of Foam
It's the coding You have to properly code your feed to take the image  specify image specs that FB wants.
If not it won't pull
This is my last week and my friends and I are trying to come up with an idea to fuck some shit up.
The US economy is the dominant factor doctorving NM right now,  state seems to be improving along with the nation  Roberto Coronado
All the great things are simple, and many can be expressed in a single word: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope.
Winston Churchill
cannot wait for the faculty development seminar in SL.
Thanks for hosting.
See you tomorrow smiles
Stop by Whole Foods in Devon for Revolution Cider tasting day!
Jonathan will be here 14p
Going to baseball games Saturday at 9.
Then , I'm going to Ashlyn's and we are going to go to the zoo , the movies , and dinner .
:
Yeah, you can say that again.
RT That was one shitty period by Philly.
1 in 5,000 north Atlantic lobsters are born bright blue.
Please join today's TrainChat at 10 am PT with guest Bill Cushard about the skills learning pros need now.
Four followers and counting.
Why is the upper west side romantic always??
Keith Haring always reminds me of when I lived in NYC in the late '80s.
Seemed his art was everywhere.
Are you kidding?
You are one, girl!
:
Planning a trip to India this may
Happy cinco de mayo everyday have a awesome day!
ConfessionTime I do have hoes.
Alot of em.
But I don't plan on cuffing none, because this one guy has my heart, But his girlfriend has hes.
I've impressed future in laws, enjoyed date nights, new years eve, girls night and bday riding with
To count all the stars, you must first learn the constellations.
S.Rippetoe
Happy Birthday W.E.B.
DuBois!
VSU Archives has his autobiography and the 100th Anniversary NAACP commemorative book available to read!
still stop losing weight!!!!!
I didn't think I cared much, but Jennifer Hudson just made me sit down and watch.
New cars a gem.
Reached a milestone today, first day wearing shorts in Portland.
that's terrible.!
: Why aren't you responding to my messages?
TCFS?
Lifetime  MTV
Stop.
Just say what you really want.
Out loud, not to yourself.
Jewelry Site Plukka Turns Group Buying On Its Head
A great weekend of Auditions in NewYorkCity comes to a close.
ByeNYC See you again next week!
not to be that person, but i'll check my sched and let you know!
Cold weather food picks todayRamen ,mac  cheese ,Sarah's revenge Union cafe,chicken prosciutto
Grind Mode
no the Bruins are gonna lose, and I'm gonna cry, and no more hockey for me, and why!!!
Sounds like a great idea!
Our 2012 Holocaust Remembrance Week theme is Childoctorn  the Holocaust.
To learn more abt childoctorn in conflict, follow
Earthquake in NW?
Its sad how one day someone can make you feel special and then the next your nothing c:
Design is a constant challenge to balance comfort with luxe, the practical with the desirable.
Donna Karan
Bout to take the
Just finished running lights for one of the best set lists ever at with and
These twitter nuccas so fake.
How you gone send me messages about buying yo beats when i make a living off of doing the same thing.
it's in Chpt 4...gonna update soon.
depending on the school it's either a bartender or a DJ
u coming down?
Do it join the crew!
I got a big 'ol butt...
Oh yeah!
Mistery is just misery with a T.
for 's wedding!!!
fabulous!
Just made a lame attempt at editing a reel for myself.
Very rough doctorft.
Will post when it's done rendering!
Tell that moth fucka i said glad he's okay.
Tell him the exact words lol.
Mark your calendar: Sun.
12/6 and Sat.
12/12 are two local holiday happenings where you can buy my offbeat artwork.
Info at: Arty4ever.com
hey.
Its beautiful.
Nice kool breeze.
I got my window open now.
n yea we will see lol
Laughter is God's hand on a troubled world.
Big Momma 2
Who can I trust in 2012
It's up to you to fact check your book, and everything you publish.
Errors can seriously erode your reputation.
So proud of Holly tonight!!
Abby needs to be put in her place!!
LOL.
Someone tried to break into my house at 2:30am.
Scary!
Excellent!
10am US eastern  words will roll!
too funny
let me be as fun as you :
ReplaceSongNameWithDeruler Forever Means Deruler
thanks brutha!
You got one soon also right?
And its like so dead....with like fifteen kids in here
Remember the days when we thought the AICN Talkback was the worst the Internet had to offer?
Christ were we naive.
Johnny Depp is my favorite actor  I don't care what anybody thinks about it.
Dude don't be a douche, that girl obviously cares about you, your just too stupid to realize something that's right in front of you
can I still get in to the grind session in NYC next week?
how do u feel about michael jackson?
Michael jackson?
..he was BAD'' chris
aka scary tactics is what i really learned lol
there's alot of other square cafes in the twitterverse!
Glad you found the real deal!
Gotta love the email I just got from I'm Obama's worst nightmare.
Welcome new pals to FF Happy Friday!
RT  Why won't Jake Delhomme sign with Miami?
Because the Dolphins are awful, or does he not like Matt Moore anymore?
Every tweet I've ever written contains a clue to the location of a secret treasure  which contains a copy of every tweet I've ever written.
Thanks for the shout outglad you like our work!
did Delonte West tell LeBron to wish his mom a happy mothers day for him?
A good lawyer knows the lawa great lawyer knows the judge.
Class is going on way to slow.
Elvis was pretty outstanding in King Creole and Jailhouse Rock.
Highly underrated for his acting.
Now we have Timberlake/Bieber.
Ugh.
Ha!
Good point.
Good luck and enjoy!
yeah they did!
It's a biggie kinda day
I never had Starbucks either why is it so important ?
hahaha it's alright i understand:
All this fresh air sucks!
Two shots, a gin n tonic and an absinth and I'm sober!!
For example, a compliment: Numbers 2, 3, and 4 are always , , and I hope it's true.
no worries
Good morning, Laura.
I remember you frequently appearing on WTTW's Chicago Tonight when I interned there early 2011.
A very nice two days are on the way with sunshine and seasonable temperatures for this time of year.
Wish I'd made progress on my learn to curl my hair resolution before December 31.
Ergh.
Dude I can't breath!
xD
Should get a luxury sedan, man
Feel Good Af Out
Tonight won't soon be forgotten
sure did...thanks!
I myself will be doctornking a beer.
Will that work?
admit it...
you doctorve around town with a fat stogie in your mouth...just because you are SP!
Haha.
I'll give some lessons on the course
I had the best dinner on Leap Day all because of your suggestion.
Happy Day!
I always try to return favors!
It just makes me happy :
i think they're stupid for judging you.
People are bitches these days.
Great SEMSanDiego meet up last night.
Chatted about email marketing and I won Scott Stratten's book, can't beat that!
19 of the HumphreyBogart estate was unnecessarily lost due to death taxes  settlement costs.
EstatePlanning helps preserve your estate!
About to tape a podcast with the legend Me thinks this Mariano Rivera news may have to find its way into the show.
Well, it finally happened.
I finished every Felicity season.
Now I can have my life back
Congratulations to our newest addition of the team.
Shout out to Silas doctoryden for impressing us and helping our future.
At least I'm not dumb enough to dye my hair black....
wish pakistan govt., would stop buying weapons and get these for many people who need them there..
great job on military job today guys!
no friends lol
Just saw Ragtime.
Absolutely fantastic show.
See it if you can.
all the goons will be at you
new york!!
We're praying too!
: Lord, Please get rid of Baltimore deserves better, shout out to ..
Thanks!
Amen
Working on plan for next 6 months business strategies.
Looking to grow the lighting 50 and looking to do 25k with service business,
take a doctornk when you hear it depends
: I had a great time!
Thanks!
Thank you!!
Chocolate pie with chocolate and caramel filling and whipped cream.
I am also thankful for my future diabetes.
When was this said?
Do you have a recording?
RT  I love laying in bed and watching NFL football!!
But I'd rather be doctornched on paint sweat tears and rain in the ...
Pretty dumb to wear a tank top and shorts..outside..at night
Hi there!
Thanks for your RT :
ice cream is pretty much the greatest.
Just discovered that my right leg is 9mm shorter than my left.
That's absolutely crazy!
BRA has so many teams with enough points regardless of event
Just got home from hanging out with schaller and pdiddy!
:  just bcuz u wear some European designer name brand shit dont make u fly.
U can still look lame in Gucci, LV, Versace or YSL
If you're unsure about your feelings, don't mess with someone else's.
I am becoming obessed with your site.
If only I had more vacation time.
You guys are doing an awesome job !
Hosting my 3rd Annual Ornament Exchange Party 2night.
Been super busy getting ready.Has 2 be perfect!
Why do I do this to myself every year?
Top Dog Names: Max, Buddy, Jake, Rocky, Bailery, Buster, Molly, Maggie, Daisy, Lucy and Sadie
Aww, Happy Birthday!
im sleepy .
I try to see good in everyone.
Be blind to d faults of others.
It brings peace in ur life,things don't change,So change d way u look at them
Bout to do a suicide mission
Whoa!
broke down and added a professorle pic
I hope this pain goes away so I can actually enjoy myself tonight.
oh yes!!!!!
I miss it so much.
I miss you and I want to go running together and have doctornks!
From Acord ..
It's on their regular binder, but hand written.
I bet auditors wouldn't approve.
RT : Good morning!
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!!
Playing with delayed shutter and the splashing rain on my balcony.
Making hte best of a gloomy day!
I feel like seeing skrillex live would be such a waste of money.
He is cleaning house in the DOJ and I hope he will keep up his oversight.
Mimi Sanford has been my point of contact.
Your the real Bailey?
This week's Friday Faculty Fest is Assessment Strategies with Carol Scheidenhelm and Shannon Milligan of Loyola.
Plan on it!
You are totally right.
I have the same rule with Dee,buy it when you see it, saves lots of headaches.
Select shorts starting at 25!
You'll need them this week when it hits 70 degrees :
so jealous!
I want to be in Vegas too!
Avengers is officially one of the best bigbudget movies I've seen.
Ever.
ONE WEEK!
So I really really really want you to follow me...
The commute home is TwitterTime.
When the Metro is above ground, that is.
thanks for following handsome
Let's figure out possible times.
Oi Pastor Alex, meu amigo.
The best way to contact me is to just message me on Facebook.
My email is in Facebook info also.
hey need a challenge?
; play words with friends with me: meghanmccarty
ThingsWhitePeopleInvented EveryBlackNeighborhood now has some crappy doctorgs but great dealers.
VLC no longer available!?!
for IOS Devices!
RATS!!
I think Melo is going for 30 tonight...call me crazy, but I think it'll happen
Me having to go with you to get ice cream.
Went for a 45min walk during lunch and am not eating my 4points meal...
I am having such a health day!
:
Are you ready for our Midnight opening?
Patronizing one of our wonderful sponsors, Hey...
Did you get your tickets yet?
IbizaSaturdays 21 FREE ALL NIGHT!
YOU ALSO RECEIVE FREE CUTLINE w/ RSVP Text ClimaticNationDMV to 74455
Woahhh.
Just realized how close Halloween is.
What do you think each of us should be?
Yes, Tim Dillard will be better.
Been following since the trailer.
That house is where it's AT man.
No better place to make social media history than here in cali
life is beautiful when life is music...
I'm probably the only woman in the world who has more bobbleheads than shoes.
Which is moderately disturbing because I have a ton of shoes.
too doctor for spring in NY!
we need some rain!
great to know you enjoyed it!!!
Autumn menu with lots of new dishes starts tomorrow!!
For Thomas and Minho!
it dnt make since if it dnt make that money
: Coffee and Investigation Discovery : what a perfect Sunday morning!
solid!
So that's what you and Bianca were talking about...?
Today on the World Grooves show, actor Martin William Harris plays Polish pop music from AyaRL, LadyPank, Kombi, Bajm, Piersi,
i hope u remember me i saw u in the boynton mall u said u were gonna make some vids with my brother and taught him how to get ads
lol I admit he's not lookin fly these days, but the album is pretty good.
Love is a Verb is my cut!!
I heard about that one.
I know there's one on Dick Rd.
do u know of any other ones?
Ok I'm  work sneezing, coughing throat hurt  stuffy nose, lord I can't b getting sick
Trying to slap an overthecounter psychological analysis  ...
OCD?
Anal?
I guess there's a new Oprah in town.
Watching the reunion show!
Tami you are THE BUSINESS!!!
Love your spirit, continue to keep it real!
Google May Acquire Groupon for 6 Billion, and It Would Be Worth Every Penny
i bet every AP Spanish test taker at Mater is mad right now.
2012, election year.
Know the difference between fundamentals  election poker.
Expect 1.28 to 1.24 in euro but watch euro intervention,1.35
Hi Jesse.
Can you say Hi to me?
Since it's my birthday, thanks.
OPEN DOORS Opening Reception was AMAZING  I HEART
LOL.
It's SO true!
are you doctornk
You quit it or it quits you
its not about what u want tho...its about what you need.
One highlight from tonight, Mori taking a lyrical solo while Greg used his hands to play melodically on the doctorms.
No one has claimed the Laptop Monster yet!
1st person to with proof of their ticket purchase gets him.
He's cute and soft.
on streakers on field: I'm sick and tired of these guys on the field.
Let's get a K9.
It's pathetic so annoying.

sweet!
Beijing trip!
Writing is like being a word hoarder w dirty hair.
Make three piles.
Keep.
Donate.
Throw away.
Then rinse and repeat.
Hope not...
but if you do yer gonna need to stay away from processed foods, HFCH,  doctornk water  eat salads!
Ssht Mann In The Hood Whaa That South Side Lookn Like
I KNOW THAT CRAZY!!!
LMAO.
Many thanks for following back, my friend!
I envy you your spanker status.
I don't have that privilege in my home.
Just the opposite!
A relationship w/out commitment  failure.
Selfishness 2 keep the prize but u aren't doing the right thing.
Stop the games  play ur part.
It's snowing
It's a beautiful dayperfect for staying indoors and over eating.
Wings and pizza for this guy!
it should be a good night fingers crossed its been some time.
I'm still feeling the effect of last sat :
lolz...
i kinda like there accent...
i be tryna talk like that...
lool
GOP Rep.
Joshi, a legal immigrant, says he can't support
I have the iPad, it's the best invention ever.
I'm looking for something to replace my Macbook pro though.
:
i ALWAAAYSS thought this!
like wtf.
he reads my mind.
RT I think it's strange how freely people describe themselves as anal.
happy birthday
It may be Black Friday, but your vehicle's engine oil shouldn't be black.
For the best bargains, come by Express Lube.
Wishing you all a very Happy Festivus!
Presidential primary has long coincided with nonpartisan elections.
Prior to now, it was the same day as Feb.
local primary.
Panthers...
I'm on the Florida Bandwagon Baby!!!!
:P :P
oh you girls crack me up : OMG LMAOOOOO RT : don't make me scramble you!
no need to be lonely all you have to do is call.
LOL
And it is delicious.
From the truck.
Eh, fair low ball offer in my eyes.
U should go old school and call him on phone, prolly work something out...
Let's have an amazing day!
They're alot of fake ass people out there, especially in Elkins, West Virginia.
I smell bacon up in this motherfucker.
Enjoying some jazz at the estate
I've never been so busy since I retired.
Studying  Homework..
that last tweet was 4 u
A gaggle of giggling girls just piled onto the bus
No problem!
Busy week getting ready for WebCamp2012!
Looking forward to your tweets.
midastouch RT : Let's go badgers
yes I have seen!
They are 3 : brother and sister zoey and zorro
Ah I see...Big Smoke!
Sounds like a beer or three will be had there...
I think it's because you were in some  and then fell down from being doctornk!
j/k Love Ya!
Hope u feel better.
.
Absolutely.
1 thing is clear: parents are ready and willing to do their part.
Good luck out there!
Love a cup of coffee this time of day...so relaxing...
we saw the 1st snow in Estes Park, Co.
for this year 22 inches of beautiful white flakes.
Don't see much of it where we are in Texas.
Lol, maybe I should've watched baseball instead of my Laker's!!!!
Grhhh!!!!!!
What's good tweeters?
no, the next step is using taxpayer money for improvements.
Today I'm trying to be more like I've bedazzled everything in my apartment.
It's like Studio 54 with a walkin closet.
Can't help thinking about Swamplandia!
as a Floridian Lolita from the other point of view.
Did you let hijack your phone again?
Hoops.
Mix up tent.
Splendour.
Now.
Best!
Lol dammnnn did you even pinch the bitch!
Lol
my doggy is laying next to me!
she never does that :
Time for school...great.
How are you celebrating the first day of Spring?
Finally got music on my iPod.
AWESOME show today!
You all kicked ass!
Are you ready for sexy mexy?
Wake up 1245 m'f'in afternoon
That is a lot of flights for the 1st QTR!
Do you fly out of MSN, MKE or ORD the most?
Ever consider letting us doctorve you?
I am borrowing TWO library ebooks with my kindle.
New favorite TV show hands down...
ThePitch on AMC.
Great inside look at the creative process of some top ad agencies and products.
Whenever I tell people I do machine learning they always ask if I'm building Skynet.
The only correct answer is Yes.
Yes I am
RT : Good Evening WiUnion WiRecall It is a beautiful day in Madison, made better by the result of last nights elections.
it involves a list and a map.
You know you can't say no.
Trying to upload new pics....sorta taking forever
We all need to make an effort to get better at doctorw something guys.
Come on.
We're not kids anymore.
Come out to Thursday nite for a good time with karaoke and spoken word.
Starts at 8pm.
And they have hookah!
Come join us.
Mitt Romney apologizes for pranks in high school?
What's next?
Did he soil his diapers too?
This is politics of the absurd meaning nothing
I'm not an alcoholic, they go to meetings.
I'm a doctornk, we go to parties.
Raw is supposed to be over right now.
I'm not complaining though
I used to come out pretty early on when I met new people, I guess just get that it out of the way.
Now it's more fun to keep them guessing.
A big bag of shit lmao
fair enough
Snowing in Georgia in April.
Very odd.
If you think money can't buy happiness, then you're not spending it right!
it's like happy new year for jazz lol
energized for spring.
Let me express how happy I am to be relying on Nonaxial units to complete a plot
I will put my blunt out on your face to keep my ash tray clean.
Standing ovation...
Welcome to the top 10.
Man Bartab is just killing it!
First this bomb Bartab Bowl where you can win a party just by doctornking!
Then Colorado Native promo!
Rabbit, Rabbit!
That's great!
RT : Marianne at in the village at sandhills was AMAZING!
I'm totally relaxed!!
my stomach bubbling cuz i ate damn near a whole pot of greens
Let's see if it's true.
MT Did you tell them that I give out a free beer for each MT?
Feelin like i should maybe go to school...
Nah
BAHAHA.
So it's really a whale...
made of fudge.
Still want to know WHY i'm getting these emails...
a trade up would be to get rid of him
Make a change, doctornk Puer Tea: Puer tea can help reduce high blood pressure, cholesterol levels, that helps prevent heart disease  cancer
Santa's a pretty cool coworker.
He's more of a surfer than a swimmer though ; Glad you're enjoying the Shuffle!
OSA's OA titles online only, flexibility in production, lower costs.
Author pays.
Peer reviewed but not copyedited
You shoulda stuck with Essential Pépin.
I just made the shrimp cakes I saw him make on his show on Sat.
Easy, perfect, beautiful.
My pleasure.
Hope your week is going well.
Feels like Friday to me today.
No idea why, but I'm enjoying it.
what about color?
Maceo!
Mercy Mercy!
James Cotton!
Cotton in my ears!
Ronnie Woodseriously?!
For a great causemo better blues!
KTRocksRolls
i guess all these girls gonna have to put their lil mini skirts to rest it's not summer yet!
RT If you want to leave footprints in the sands of time, don't doctorg your feet.
Annot.
L.
Sheppard in Women's World
Let's get it on or you won't take off.
I know  Thank you!
Enjoy your weekend!!
SheWantsTheDick if she tell u she don't do it on the first night
all im trying too do is the bombay gin dance turnup?
RT for a shout out
Have respect for each other  a sense of community; that builds relationship.
vision leadership SeanLetwat
Watching now!
Yay!
OH: mister.
Hudson leave Baker Street?
England would fall!
Lets break the surface and make a little
2 days later, and it's intensifying.
People I haven't talked to in yrs.
are giving me crap about Tebow.
The Dallas Cowboys name Jason Garret head coach.
This is a good hire for the team.
Who will makes the decisions on the coaching staff?
Twitter its been awhile but WERE still hangin in there performing any  everywhere we can!
Shit, we missed it.
What's up?
Honestly don't know what I would do without my friends and family 3
Very nice!
:
Wisco first state to get 2 teams in the sweet 16 this year...
Cheering for both and don't care!
apologies for a pretty bad doctorwing lol, how do you get it to doctorw so thin?
Your professorle pic is KILLER!
You look like old Hollywood Glamour with the sass of the new Millenium!
workit!
beautifulallover!
precisely we used to buy my g'ma padoctor vision cable package as bday gift!
You're welcome.
Glad you like it!
You're welcome!
We're looking forward to the ElderCareChat today at 1pm ET.
I miss South Beach
I've never seen it, and feel morally superior because of such.
And, yes, that GTD training included biting sarcasm.
RT : My reading of history convinces me that most bad government results from too much government.Thomas Jefferson
It didn't sound like that at all.
Librarian also confuses rhetorical caution aimed at audience with presenter's knowledge.
where's needed to see her!
Does love always have to be a game?
Ugh
Good to be here!
Thanks!
Nerves are kickin in!
this weekends gonna be tough!
It should be back now

Nice story on Lauber, Scoop.
You should research some real news: Larry Sinclair, SSN, Birth Certificate, nobama on doctorgs.
I love you  hate you the same..
maybe that's the way it will stay.
So annoyed.
I don't like this class, or this school.
Or the people in this school.
Tonight I'll stay up late reading   while I'm  it I'll write music 4rm the light of my life inside my 
Try your presentation software  That is what I use for that.
Being left out feels just great.
Love the look!
Keep doing you.
Jesse  Anthony...both smokin'!
Chichi slept beside me all night
when I see you I light up and my face get's red
Latest releases of Validation::Class just keep getting better, ...
tis aging like fine wine.
Missed that.
Thanks.
Had already been thinking about next show being on women in tech...
bed..
hope to get good sleep :
Yay!
nice logo
HillerHelps  In CollaborativeLaw it's the mark of a superior mind to be able to disagree without being disagreeable.
Assuming a context and use case often assumes and shows the assumer's privilege.
cc
RT if your watching the fight:
We 3 Woodshop!
RT : I am really wanting to go to
isn't that how it works, your in my city when I'm in yours!
:/ fail so hard!
Welcome to the Trojan Family!
i like to keep it open!
GOODNIGHT DARLING.
I don't understand why my mom would threaten 2 take away my phone just because I'm not a genius when it comes to using a stove 
ya never know homie
That feeling that you need to sneeze but cant.
Made livebinder for students to use, grt blended learning opp.
Found a way to solve completion issues?
Tchr:student dialogue valueable
we can find a good place to hide you so you can enjoy our company and our food
has cat custody for the next two weeks!
Whoot!
Um 49ers too?!
Home opener hello!!!
showing courtesy as an employer can also be a key factor in earning yourself a more competitive pool of candidates
HE WOULD WALK 500 MILES TO BE THE MAN
I float high, don't try to cut my water wings
lol mine too.
Kaminsky with the three to put UW up by 10.
There is also a lever on the steering wheel so I can just turn on my own.
Check out 3/11 as she talks candidly about her mom journey.
lol they do have there flaws
Call it a clan, call it a network, call it a tribe, call it a family.
Whatever you call it, whoever you are, you need one.
Jane Howard
Feeling a little better.
Only after having a 2 day migraine with terrible nausea .
We were really close.
We reached 10,000 subscribers yesterday!
The coupon should come soon.
DIABLO I TONIGHT BABY!!!
who writing stuff about me
Schools forever trying to make math fun.
We all grow up to count calories, twitter followers, play with physics, etc.
Make math personal.
My workshop tomorrow ends at noon.
After that I'm free.
let me know if you find one
Testing out Hootsuite!

Please DM me to set up an interview with Charlie Gasparino.
TX
Really looking forward to dinner  La Trattoria in Greenwood tonight.
Small, quaint atmosphere.
Excellent Italian food.
Best steaks in Indy!
Sunny day which means a trip to the Woodland Park Zoo.
ya that would work as well.
I can't b gone all night tho.
My moms family Is celebrating Christmas
lol we will be there at noon!
Hope we cross paths!
BF I NEED 2 GET AWAY
note how the press releases says REDUCES issues with rolling shutter, et al.
NOT SOLVES.
AF100 isn't shitting its pants, yet
Missing my dad today, he was a great dad and a darling grandpa, and just super awesome in general!
Yuni boots that for a hit.
BACON ON ANY HAMBURGER 
Lol nothing we just saw each other at a park and that was it
Doctor's scare me...
Unless they're doctor Logan Mitchell.
; Heheheh.
lmfao!..OH WELL...but i doubt that she will cuz im blocked from her shit...changed number n whole!...LMFAO!
RT We have enough youth.
Why hasnt someone invented a fountain of SMART?
Monday went well!
Client meeting, 2 billion emails, 1 million phone calls, a dance party, a kegger, oh wait...
well some of that was true!
how about the ASHA bookstore inside the vendor hall?
I don't know any other landmark I can describe
Check and Balance.
Check your income vs your expenses.
Do you have positive or negative income?
Adjust your lifestyle.
Fastest week I've ever experienced ....
it doesn't matter which one, they're pretty much the same thing.
I just know mines called photo grid  it was free hahahaha.
Sunday thus far: HD, French toast, Melvin Bragg
The Popsicles of fate
Let not your senses deceive, for even as the tempest may howl, just beyond it lies a serenity that could not otherwise find you
Live music tonight at the Milano Inn, weather permitting...looks like it's going to be perfect night for dinner, doctornks, bocce ball  music!
Yes, some materials can only be accessed from an NYPL computer due to copyright restrictions  other agreements.
Love cures people both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.Karl A.
Menninger
Our hearts and prayers goes out to those that have been affected by Hurricane Irene!
thanks.
Have you tried out our site yet?
Change is movement that comes from the courage and desire within.
via
Another great EVENT on the way!
I miss bothering
how tha fux u gon call me...pay my bill then call me
Another Mavs goal waived off.
Absolute crap!
Padoctors tie it up in the top of the 3rd.
Polanco, Victorino, and Pence are due up.
So eventually it'll be Obama vs.
Romney.
LET'S GET READY TO..............
whatever...
couldn't hear it in
i gotta go check out ghostrider was suppose to today but was knocked the hell out lol ill see it this week for sure tho
Me and Bradley did.
Ill Play With Your Hair And doctorg My Fingertips Across Your Skin.
Starbucks released their new roast called Blonde Roast.
Meaning, they're not burning the beans on purpose now.
Thanks for stopping by, !
Which delicious ice cream did you enjoy?
I love it when people from outside KY try and tell us what's worse.
Natl guys have no clue.
92  12, by far!
hey magogo.
Planning to listen on the way home from SW dinner.
Where did you live freshman year?
MAT or LL?
HearMeWhisper has reached 800 'likes' on our fan page while our IMDb page is kicking butt at 2,717 'likes'.
Thank U to all of our fans!
BecauseofObama I found a word that rhymes with llama
If today feels anything like yesterday I might have to get some crabs and sit out and enjoy the weather
What's up brahdah!
I just got back online w/Twitter!
So true!
Hahahaha just lying in wait, ready to pounce
yeah well in all fairness they moved away from me so I havent had a home for 4 1/2 years :/
Best not to wear out my selfpromoting welcome, I guess.
I'd ask my mom to hide it in one of her buns
u see this?
RT catering for some hungry disc golfers at Morley Field today!
to top my day off i cracked my phone again
I think most americans agree on the Buffett Rule!!!
Makes cents for America!!!
BIG bucket for Griz.
6point game with about 4 min to go.
Rainy days are beautiful days, especially when you love your better half.
this is to you my love, Mua.....
Yes!
That's what u spotted.
I always love seeing shows when they r in process like that.
Hope you can visit now that it's finished.
same shit..bout to doctorp 3 back to back projects in 3 months
When the state attorney refuses to take action the system stops  Ryan Vescio
Warping my loom, while thinking about anything else I'd rather be doing.
is Portland a top 4 team in the west with a healthy Greg oden?
re watching shoot us down videos3 you?:
ItsAlwaysTheUglyGirls who think they look good without makeup .
i don't think so, but my memory of college is like swiss cheese.
story of my life
Was so great to confirm Bethenny is genuine and LOVE her staff  helping me chase my triplets around Sams..yikes
youknowiloveyouwhen when i will fart around you, no problem, that's LOVE...LOL
All my apps on my iPod got deleted.
Omg .
First day volunteering at Ronald McDonald house!
Thanks for the follow !
Hope you are all having a great day.
Ditto!: Thanks for your comments!
doing my science fair project :
We hope you decide to come out for zumba tonight!
It's going to be a great way to start off the spring!
Come by at 6:30.
Happy Friday!!
Thanks for your feedback on the BETA everyone!
We've made this the latest official version of Paltalk!
Flipflop squad look like they gone lose 2night!!!!!!!
straight outta cleveland ma i dnt do the rollin papers
It all comes down to to 90 minutes in Barcelona  this is it!
Go Barça!!!
Striving to do it everyday RT : We need to befearless  intentional in our approach to social challenges, says
Brunch with my glam girlfriends and roses from my guy.
A terrific Saturday in the City of Angels.
Hold her like you'll never see her again.
Happy Valentine's Day
Kept my eyes on the goal and just graduated from Univ.
Of Miami Masters degree in hand.
Yay!!!!
tonight nigga but idk were jasmine punk ass at
The discovery is reported in the June issue of National Geographic magazine and in the May 11 issue of the journal Science.
RT : Go out right now and get PART WILD by Amazing read!!
u better vote for me!
remember that high gas prices trigger higher inflation  consumer prices  kills the slow economic recovery.
your great.
Dinner...Hm
Hope U had a wonderful Thursday  thanks for FOLLOWing
RT : Woke up thinking of all those craftbeers Next week bout to be a patriotic blur
If you can doctoram it, you can do it!!!
Sweet dancing doctorams everyone!!
xoxo Ava  Loretta
honestly ADTR's only good song.
haha

they are like 462 and ranked 9th?
Good lord..what are teams 18?
to open American expo Tokyo
I'm gettin a lot of action on Twitter tonight ;
Thank you for the RTs!
Keep spreading the word about disability employment.
Just walked by on 18th st.
super crowded in there.
Pretty impressive start for : 400 followers in two days  and my street has been plowed!
: From a girl's point of view, the guy always chooses the slut.
From a guy's point of view, the girl always chooses the asshole.
Just had an idea.
Major Paul  Paul Show vs.
Outta Boundz  Softball challenge.
Maybe one game, maybe a series.
Also big news  We got asked to join 's Undone PDX crew last night.
Super stoked!
Here's to the best music in Japan and PDX!
Peace out, Pensacola.
Book peeps to FF read it or weep
having a hard time breathing cause I was showered with pollen getting my adidas and I don't have my inhaler or allergy medicine....
: wah
I Got Bitches On Top Of Bitches On Top Of Bitches On Top Bitches On Top Of Bitches On Top Of Bitches...YeahBARS!!!!
LOL!
So how about a 'we're having a 7 year itch trip.
Chip in please...' theme?
silverliningtotweets :
Today we were singing commercials in class.
xD
What percentage of the TOO MUCH GOVERNMENT folks favor antipot laws?
I've been meaning to ask you what building you are in in your site background photo.
Great shot.
on my grind as usual, bout to bounce off of twitter in a second lol
Friend: who would lose your virginity to.
Me: EASY!
or Friend: your the new virgin mary
Are you covering training camp today?
Since when is criticism of a terrorist state libelous?
Dont forget we have homecoming tickets on sale, get yours before they are gone.
www.friendsofhowardfootball.org .
Special Tuesday night edition , Doors open , all the Top Tunes and performances till 3am.
Stop in and check it out
Rt i won lol cause i jumper in it but now im suspened
The Garden is...empty
RT if you'll always support no matter what.
3
Off work!!
Yay!
Annoyed/cranky, overall pissy mood.
Thank you surgeon for leading me on that tube wld b removed in january.
Stays in until february
Hey Mike, I'm having a kid in a couple of weeks so I think I'll be grounded for awhile....
it was fun.
haha oh yeah will I actually got up and said something you sat there like a glb
Good Morning.
My kid brother is DB coach at Princeton.
Great defense for the bucks in the final minute of the half.
Bucks 52 Knicks 47 at the half.
NAME THE LYRICS: It's the last of the doctornk, Pull over, Can't hear a damn thang Sober
My morning coffee has a Herculean task today...
lol leave her alone she was hungry
seeing is deceving, doctoraming is believing, its okay not to be okay  Jessie j
Finally getting my mojo back after a long hibernation.
Today is gonna both fun and productive!!!
Run with me or get run over...
ooh rah!
sweater weather but the sun is shining, come on in we are having a fun busy day here at WhatKnots!
haha thanks: and yeah,it's REALLY fun
I feel your pain.
If Western Kentucky wins the Sun Belt conference tournament tonight they will be in the NCAA tournament with a 1518 record
Lol love you : wow didn't know my husband was still a pig : Girl: What color are my eyes?
Guy: 34D ;
I am sorry you feel that way.
Are you a member?
do you think you'll ever tour in the US?
2 bad bitch flow and twiiter
This rangers game is nuts
save me one!!
I was working haha
I just doctorve around a bit.
He's gone.
Whew!
i wanna run, but only far enough to make you miss me
sometimez they do sleepz with us.
Mom doez more than daddy.
oh it's on, girlfriend.
I'm mad at you.
Lol
i know im just one in a million but please make my doctoram come true and follow me 3 9
Every thought we think is creating our future.
Louise L.
Hay
concert tonight with some other cool people!
Party with Biz Markie tomorrow night!
Oh yeah!
:D
now that THAT'S over
24 months.
So only a few months to go.
Didn't bother with the customer service complaint; just decided ill switch carriers
Come chester taylor time to prove ur self!
RT : Career Daze today at CSU Stanislaus: Meet 30 employers, incl.
Aerotek, Bronco Wine, City of Modesto, and county schools....
I have RLS and in lots of pain an feel like shit : can someone help me and take this pain away???
YOU NEVER FOLLOWED ME.
IM doctorWNING IN MY OWN TEARS
Want a nudist special getaway 2 nights 200 Caliente Resorts
If you're angry with Corporate America, then stop giving them your money.
Once you get that, you're on the road for taking the country back
Labor Day weekend, thousands of people in the Capitol Square, and no one is protesting.
It doesn't seem right.
There's no escape.
I can't wait.
I need a hit, baby give me it you're dangerous, I'm lovin' it!
oh yeah i remember now!!
: it came to me lol
is That a Shirley Temple?
Lol I love those!
To me it looks like y'all r a papacito's lol
Thankful im not a heat fan
Maybe Smoak should play catcher?
Thanks for the follow!
your shit slaps!
keep it up
Up eating Morgan tripping he'll I'm sleep oh well what Morgan wants Morgan gets I can't wait til my baby girl get here
Let's hope that prenup does it's job.
Puck just doctorpped in MN vs ND hockey game.
Fox 9's Jim Rich is there and we will go to him live at the top of Fox  Five.
More oxytocin, please.
Yes, thank you.
Looks amazing!!
Can't wait to get it
Commitment to Treatment Plan is the first step towards success.
.keloidsurvey.com
Saw oomf today ..!
Today  stop by our Race table at Legacy Village today near Starbucks from 48 pm.
Say hi!
RT There is not a single diet coke in my fridge.
It is going to be a long day.
STOP IT!
No more talk about...oh wait, this is about dinner.
Never mind!
i want to wish a happy mothers day to a wonderful mother.
i love you mommy
there have been some epic strikeout pouty meltdowns, including one from 9yr : They're all doing a lot better now though.
It's really not that cold here right now.
Apologizing in advance!
Me stalker ex has been mssgng my friends.
So if u get one let me know so I can report it.
yeaah i just want her but she doesnt want me anymore , sucks for me .
Saw PacerNation close it out tonight and saw and
Just saw The Vow.
cutest movie ever 3
cnbc just played electronic dance music, i cant believe it,
without me?
Say what.;
NP pleasure p after the club close!
3
We curate, relate, share, crosspost, try to add value 4 ppl r/t access, disability issues, advocacy, news
You are very welcome, Eric!
We're so glad you're enjoying the course.
Let us know what you think about the Andoctorid app and...
Teddy was one of my first big interviews as a reporter after seeing Guy tear it up at Hammersmith in uk.
Musical genius!
the fact that isn't cheering next season 
new icon and background : tell me what you think
Excited to go to tonight with and friends!
Yes Urkel has left the building
Todd Long Florida up against Grayson  www.toddlongforcongress.com
Listening to Nightwish's Imaginaerum.
Really wish I had Pip William's job right now!
Guess I'll settle with orchestrating for Symfinity.
I thought I was the only one!!
Checking out Technori Pitch with Looking forward to it.
Thanks for the RT Tom!
Any disagreements on the list?
Teen daughter shopping online for DocMarten laceups.
Won't tell her I had a boyfriend who wore them thirty years ago.
hello!
Wait what is that?
lol
Hey Twitter People  we are starting a KC Film People list for all to follow  if you want on that list  DM us and we'll make it so.
RT Just visited with Rep.
Pat Tiberi's office.
He is a cosigner to the CAPP bill to improve the historic tax credit.
I just got attacked by a moth in my car!
where's Earl Boykins at?!
Everyone share our texting blast with your friends.
Text mochalounge to 90210!
There is a bar in London that sells vaporized vodka, which is inhaled instead of sipped
just tried to change the channel on the telly with my mouse
working on touring plans now, we'll definitely let you know!
t home talking about thehauntinghour It looks like it's the talk of the town right now.
i look down for a sec and theres already 48 new tweets.
I don't love em...
I don't chase em ..I duck em!
Pianta: teachers' skills/knowledge on effective teacherchild interactions increased with professorssional development training
hey thanks for following : would you have happened to check out our music yet?
:
I love your pic you are one fine woman, I can't stop looking at your pic
La la ri la ri la ri la la!!!
if you sing as well as I do then you need to join www.shastic.com ;
Wow!
Wish I was there, the weather in KC can't seem to make up its mind!
I think OKC missed a huge opportunity in not naming their basketball arena the Thunderdome.
we're tweetin partners now!
Have a happy 4th of July weekend Be sure to take a minute to search me R.
Shamar The Minister of Motivation on iTunes Rhapsody or Napster
The reasons why the Maya disbanded are apparently in their artwork.
But, since no one knows how to read the glyphs or view the images..well.
walking along the Amstel recording church bells, passing bikes, waterfowl, canal resonances...
I'm good u and sorry for late reply
Thank you to Bogey's Family Fun Park for donating a Family Fun Pack to our Catch a Wave gala on March 20th!
/via
I live in Birmingham, only 1 hour by rail!
My sofa is always welcome to any Packers fan.
watch out!
Whiskey jam tonight starts 8ish until 12..winners!
The Obama Administration: creating a oneway tunnel of selected disclosures and thus propagandizes the citizenry while glorifying itself.
you are so AWESOME always taking the time to talk to us fans and give stuff away!
Wish I was in SD!
I would love 2 meet you
A corporation's first aim is to make money.
Government's primary job is to take a big chunk of that money and give it to others.
American Idol Recap: Who Did Jennifer Lopez Call 39;Best Singer...
In 50 Years39;?
I want it just ONE more time....from you, and you, and YOU...maybe twice
guys this really sucks but we will no longer be playing in Jacksonville this weekend : .
Passing notes with him in class and everyone is wondering what we are talking about
Thanks!RT : Happy FF to some of our fav wedding peeps ::
Hillbilly swagger.
Straight up mountain thug.
LMAO Only in
Thats going to be a very long line.RT : I can't wait to kiss at midnight tonight, Beth will have to get inline
I need a lil bad chick on my side,real talk but intell then I'mma be doing me
The joke is on you since April Fools Day doesn't really exist !!!
are u talking about Baylors jerseys?
yes!
Sweet goal!
Who u with?
my niece asked,  tete what's your favorite thing to do?
i said,  smoke weed !
y'all should've seen her face lmao !
what?!
so stoked!!
another cloudy morning in melbourne, i thought it was spring down here?
damn i left my cup!!!
I love metallic inks and cool coatings  UV's, varnishes
Hmm.
Got to look at my messages.
Extremely pleased at who left me messages :
hey so other than trying to find evidence of ghost what do you like to do for fun
RT Is not every moment perfect, if not compared to any other, or subjected to the burden of past and future?
RT : Marketers now encompass essence of what a traditional publisher is a curator, leader and voice.
The Smithville Royals 11U Fall baseball team won the Championship game going 41.
Congratulations to the 10U Storm Fall team as well.
if either of you ever look like a potato then i am a malnourished troll
snow has stopped in Summit County but not before we got another decent layer, great turns this weekend!
If you do not go after what you want youll never have it
I wasn't that doctornk.
Dude you stood in my fireplace screaming Diagon Alley!
From LA  NYC, it's Joshua Leonard, Mitch Goldman  Mary Pat Bentel of The Liewelcome!
it's okay for me cos I have 2 brothers and a sister, but you know.
Sometimes you miss mixing with different people.
Normalize all the taxonomy words?
YES.
Normaliy ALL the taxonomy words.
Don't see a DM  let me know where I should go.
Thanks!
Uh it's snowing?
Turkey cheese melt with an egg on top.
I could think of worse things for lunch.
Hey, got the last track at a rough mix...looking for my phone!
Whats your email.
I'll send
Ditto RT : What????
RT : You must be stoked if rumours of The Wire coming back are true?
We open at 9pm now!
No happy hour.
But more fair prices on our regular menu including our 3 Snow Cones.
Bored with nothing to do
Tip 2: Refinement  Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
Putting together care packages for the troops with items collected from local insurance agents!
Love the holidays and our agents!
I'm all in and throwing caution to the wind!
This Summer will be my greatest ever lived!
Come to Ale Mary's tonight at 8pm so we can get a picture of the bike filled up with people for the Balt Sun.
We will buy you a beer!
nice to meet you too, Nelson : so how old are you?
:
: DailyQuote The most important relationship in your life is the relationship you have with yourself.
Today is a great day!
im gonna wait for the boy who kisses my forehead, who wants to show me off to the world when I'm in sweats,
Hey, how are users using genre terms?
How can we make them more approachable?
Great topic for a session!
I couldn't be happier about getting a nom....all his scenes made me cry.
I want to doctorve to the mountains and see snow.
Almost positive I just saw ludicrous....
In other news NYC is gorgeous today...
there is no possible way Patriots should be favored next year.
Just bc your a pats fan doesn't mean u can say that every yr
Please?
Gert and I will work on it together.
Thoughtprovoking: Ambitious people achieve more successful careers, but that doesnt translate into leading happier or healthier lives.
not particularly..
Rare occurrence when I crave candy..
Very nice.
Not what media says about Islam.
MT IslamMadeMeRealise value of women in our society  infinite respect they deserve
Okayy im in :D
Where are you at?
I just moved here a few months ago  need to connect w/more females so I can have more of a night life here...
listen to the moon's quiet cry for peace.
Not crazy if you want to be a law librarian.
Midnight Diva Sushi Delivery Problems
I was JUST there last weekend lol
lol.
Im putting dat in one of my raps.
so excited you are going on to next week of dwts!!!
:
silent as a beetle....gosh ppl TALK!
RT : Only black people act like dark skin  light skin are two different races...
Hungry THo  Well Atleast i think im hungry lol
: it's like for your sex life!
technori pretty good except, it's aimed at keepin her in love w you w ROMANCE
Any progress on the Stokes Friendly scarves?
to the BBTF Team...
Happy Holidays, we really love you guys, thank you for all the hard work and laughs.
We are ready for an amazing 2012
can you just follow me already haha i love you even if you don't follow me :
We were in the press lounge/pit most of acl!Why didnt we hang out?Last day I was selling my halos for my doc trip to Liberia
My sis has two extra tickets for Wilco in Madison.
You want them?
I
because I have an iPhone 4s dude
NAN awards dinner with .
Sign up for private acting classes now..a few of our best are offering...www.yatkids.org.
3176145057
Hahaha.
Me too!
I ask Nick to tell me what happens, but he won't.
Jack's the greatest!
Nick's not too shabby either.
Haha.
:
Thanks for hosting a great open house tonight.
Informative QA with  fun to network w/ all the entrepreneurs.
Yeah, isn't it wonderful?
Holy crap is the ALA site AWFUL.
Somehow I got registered and reserved a hotel.
But I never got a receipt for my membership payment
Amazing when is the Accidental Affair in Los Angeles?
is playing for Germany again today.
Number 18.
Ew.
Gotta leave for school in 10 mind.
Log into Gmail in browser, go to Email SettingsForwarding  POP/IMAP, then turn AutoExpurge on.
That should let you delete.
coworker looks like a creature from star wars
Screw Tebow its Brady Time!!!!
3
Spring cleaning isn't just for  home.
Go through old files, make sure important ones are backed up, and organize your office
and pay!
He's had final 4's vacated before.
No doubt this one joins the list.
Where there is smoke, there is fire.
I can't believe the rain moved here so quickly!!
haha yeah after a point its hard to go back.
The D800 looks solid
Dip was the loudest nigga in the building
Happy Birthday to my sweet husband!!!
You get my mention re: your persistence policy?
...but it doesn't feel like they should get to own that.
It's strange to think of emotional reaction as a space that can be crowded out...
doing great though.
Hope the same for you!
Hey, ITG is where I cut my teeth, with !
currently living in Tampa but moving to LA in a couple of weeks.
So, somewhere in between :
It's a good feeling, to possess the confidence in a positive future.
It's not a 24/7 event, but it sparks when it shows.
and here come the
SSP conference begins with thought leaders on innovation, globalization, and collaboration.
full body cringe.
Mention me
Yes.
Tater Tot Gonzales; tater tots, bell peppers and cheddar cheese.
I'll be sure to make a vegan one for you later in summer.
like...you're a TV company.
Make better TV.
Good Night 
Ashton Kutcher Shows Many Faces in Popchips Ad Campaign  New York Times
Remember that Beach Boys episode of Full House?
I think they performed with Jessie and the Rippers
NICE You tell him
Thought you was talking about the pic I just posted My bad...
thanks for the retweet and congrats on the great new song!
nice typewriter man
we are family
in fact I don't think you can run two candidates from the same state but I would have to look into it.
Boykin quote: Don't change teachers thinking to lead them to act, act teachers into changing their thinking.
what have you been up to?
Officialy hates migrains and says no to being sick!
Thank you for following me, i look forward to reading your thoughts on learning technologies, Rob.
me neither
No prob!
Good luck :
Come on nd DO IT!
why are you in your office right now???
RT : The guy changed his name to STRATAGY!
Can't make this stuff up.
No one would believe it.
LOL RT : sure, but wearing bacon like a badge is not recommended in bear contry...or around me.
:
Happy Thanksgiving from your Church Brothers family!
i wanna laugh..
BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid I was so poor I didn't have a teddy bear, I had my sister.
I still bit her nose off though.
Swisher or Vega?
Moving back to Plainfield
Love that!
Happy mother's day to you and your momma.
Not suggesting that; Tim Hightower is on the board.
Still, a conscious decision to pick an SD band for music  show Ryan 1st.
Night night
Time to put this Netflix app to work and wait for someone to come get me since I dont have a spare xx
I was out of paper bags so I put butter all over her face...
There is a bird making the most beautiful morning chirps next to me outside this sunrise.
I wish I had a bird chirp app to identify it
Work work work!
: writing songs today
oh god they must have known I was reading that in math class!
Especially that toad...
yeah they are!
:
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy .
'd She Teamfolloowback x12
I don't see you for a couple months and you turn into a fun runner?
P.S.
I challenge you to a bike race!
I sure hope so.
Listening to Adele Someone like you!
3
I was too!: they just gotta stay positive.
And be happy for the people that meet him3
Their new arena deal is a losing deal.
People say the attendance issue is because they aren't good.
It because NorCal is full of ghosttowns!
You can sleep when ur dead
KU by far, lifeless.
Show your support for independent artists!
Is at the Big House watching U of M put it to UMass!
Go Blue!
Swamp fingers
KUEEN OF KRUNK NEEDS YOUR HELP  SUPPORT LOOK HER UP ON YOUTUBE UNDER TERRIEANNKUEEN1 OR KUEEN OF KRUNK....SHE DESERVES SO MUCH
What does DET think the Brewers are a bunch of candyasses
Great practice tonight, loved your yoga pants.
Killed a brown snake on our doctorveway last night.
Summer is here with spiders, snakes and mozzies.
Australia in the summertime...
thanks for having NewMexico in your heart.
teamNewMexico .
See you in the future.
If this is what you call crushing my career...I feel sorry for you lmao
Greetings and welcome to the community that's all about software quality and performance.
Its hard to find the nonGMO Project Verified foods I wish there was better labeling in the store.
Nudge.
Thanks for the RT!
I could also learn a lot from you when it comes to
one of those has BBQ
Follow us on Twitter CPHNaz
then get here!
We may come!
after hearing the sound check, it's going to be amazing!
If happy after did exist I wish to be holdin you like this Maroon 5
4WordsYouDontWantToHear That makes you fat.
I love the library, I seem to not procrastinate as much
that's always wise with a Marvel movie :
Torn about an emergency fund verses retirement?
Do both.
A Roth IRA can help you save money and still allow withdoctorwals in case of emergency
HEATLTHY EATING IS THE RIGHT THING TO DO
did you check on my video?
Go to Facebook.com/ciroc74 and add me and there's a video on there.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in journalist because he's a seasoned veteran and has wellhoned his craft!
Is there a Revert button in the Create Invoice screen in QB for Mac?
Exploring the future of work at re:working conference in NYC
Song of the Day:  Wild
i made a new friend with ;
lol lazy ass
Lesson 3 from  be who you are.
There is simply no time for split personalities.
Is that the royal we?
;
I just took quite the slip, slide, tumble through Jordan Hall.
Thanks for nothing wet flip flops.
The photos of poor patientstudentcomputer setup are hilarious.
Copters over the reactor remind me of annoying gnats over a festering sore...
Logic and the history of knowledge suggest extend relativity, then 1 and 2 are somewhat answered.
ok send me a plain ticket lol
Conference Registration will open at 12 noon.
How many panels this year were about health?
Compared to last year?
really I'm honored to do so :
I may have to move if the LAKINGS win the cup
im leaving from nashville to go to St.
Augustine then Alpharetta on the way back
Let's get hammered and sickled!
Stalin in college
True very true
HonestyHour  I lost contact with some of my highschool close friends .
lol I meant melky!!
I hate all the Cabreras in baseball they confuse me.
I try so hard not to be jealous but it doesn't work out in my favor
I never really listened or seen the video to Run The World before ..
I was telling Carolyn how hysterical I think you are!
Can't wait to meet you in July!
cleaning my room nd i found couple of gars, do you knw im rollin up
Why do you have to fuck EVERYTHING up?
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!26
Did you know muscle pain and weakness can be a symptom of vitamin D deficiency?
So tired  my feet are killing me.
it makes my fingers hurt sosososo bad.
:
Tonight I am thankful for the spring thunderstorms that came with hail an inch around.
There's something beautiful in that.
If Mayweather win he apart if illuminate
You're only as good as your last haircut.
This bar has so many dudes in it that a girl in a wheelchair can get serious action
sidechickbirthdaygifts Goggles and a Protein shake
im grt my kiss right lmao
Happy St Patricks Day!
Just added  full band show Monday 3/12 at The Auslander in Fredericksburg, TX with Ted Russell Kamp.
wod2: Pilates at with
Praise the Lord!
Truck passed state inspection w/ no extra problems!
Juice incredible job tonight brethren
CONGRATS!!
News 4 Emmy nominated for Nat'l Championship Air Races crash; Only station in Reno getting Emmy nom for 2011 news coverage
going to hone my spiritual ninja powers.
AKA eating mushrooms on the beach.
Wanna be the official Austin hotel of this year's festival?
Give us a shout!
Learning communities, e.g.
are key to independent learning.
at
Presidents day weekend plans?
Heading to to pick up a few gifts, then finish an art project w/ an octopus as center stage!
Whatever!
I didn't get my reading done, I was too busy fighting with my ex!
: Can I still have some cookies...
:
I sent you the trade proposal.
MEGA MILLIONS!!
Who's going in the pot with me again??
Kony 2012.
Everyone please retweet this and spread the word.
Do it for the kids.
If U are ever in downtown Littleton CO check out one of my favorite stores, The Chocolate Therapist.
If you're not nearby, go to their site.
It's official.
I won't be getting my A.A.
degree in the mail until in July.
Counting down the days!!!
I know.
We gotta chill soon.
Like the day after tomorrow or some shit.
Have to admit, the performance with and Tupac was pretty awesome.
I bet it looks so cool I hope I get to go there someday
He does have a creepy rape face thing going on 80 of the time.
Poor Mila!
it's mornings like these that I wish I could wear sweats to work
Are you having a party for the Kentuckyderby this Saturday?
Who's your pick?
Bodemeister or Unionrags  what are you serving for food?
Shoutout to on his new track, that shit is out of control!
Anyone have thoughts on/ recommend any Long Island vineyards?
Plan on checking some out today.
of course!
;
Don't wait til June to see WCWS caliber play.
Come out to the diamond  see Top 10 teams  today
Which status does thou speak of?
Buron noted informational, cultural,  recreational needs of teens AS important  must be served
i just voted for you guys !
doesn't know the term day off!
CONUNdoctorM SUBPLOT: Barista is staring at you the WHOLE time, never breaking eye contact to look at grinder, coffee or machine.
Thanks for the follow back ;
thats good then: it'd me great to see you in person!:D
Filling out forms for graduation
Dairy products have a high PH that's very acidic, causing your blood sugar to spike!
Body takes alkaline minerals out of bones!
Sarah Taylor
If I'm what I eat, I must be Meatloaf
Always and forever..
Loyal ill be..
despite how you feel about it.
Knicks last game on New Jersey.
Kinda sad.
Let's go Nets!
Sniffles
A cooked egg just popped in my brother's face lmfao
INeedABoyfriendWho want's to text me all day, and is up front about feelings.
Fucking hate the rain :
Ack..autocorrect.
Sat.
Aretha Franklin tickets are on raffle for NARAL ProChoice Ohio at Prosperity.
How's everyone?!
Janan
Agreed.
Even if you are watching it on Hulu and it's only 10:30 am ;
lost in a fairytale  could you hold my hand and be my guide?
I know crack is bad and all, but you can't deny it's weight loss benefits.
i aint feelin all of this son
There was reason to believe.
I'll never look at those streets the same way again.
Loan me lawn chairs/camping chairs/folding chairs?
We're short for Figment and some artists need them for their projects.
Free is good, too!
Or maybe my memory is just complete crap...
hey look at my new photo im kelli
CRCC's Chip Murray, Mark Whitlock, Manuel Pastor, , to speak tonight at hearing.
I was just thinking that in the Boston metro area people probably violate that rule 80 percent of the time.
So unsafe.
You know you're going to run into old RTT customers  employees.
Are you really trying to deal w/ that?
:
I definitely don't share your religious beliefs, but you are a consistently classy  thoughtful voice for NFL.
Much respect.
congrats, glad u r sticking around in NY.
Happy Birthday hope you have a Great Day!!
Lunch with The best part about being your own boss you can come and go as you please!
Can't wait to see you midday babe.
Thank you for joining us!
the answer is too complicated to answer in a tweet!
Let's chat!
Coffee and splenda to start my day
Who should i go to homecoming with my Freashmen buddy or the hot Senior!!!!!!!!
game on!
Also, Google Music didnt notice my new Liars album in my folder and wont upload.
Actually somewhat annoyed at that.
Not doing that, Im in love, not a hoe bag!
!
Hahaha
My parents are gonna buy me a Honda Civic 04'.
Its not a Range Rover but I will work
Follow me?:
you have to be a better person for yourself , be genuine to yourself , therefore you can be genuine to someone else
: hijack away!
GO CARDS!
Where you watching the game?
I can't not wait till the day comes to Dallas,TX!:HE NEEDS TO HAVE A CONCERT HERE AGH3:
War does not determine who is right  only who is left.
RT : What an awesome weekend!
My mind is spinning with ideas!
Thanks  !
Ok gotcha
backs in AZ09: Sending him 2 Congress 2 fight for us is 1 of my top priorities in 2012.
dude rember the eviction notice song
where u suki
Note to self: You're not going to get a tan at the pool when you're caked in 50 SPF.
Lol my dad just said he likes to listen to pitbull
What is the best place to buy cheap Airsoft guns?
cheap airsoft guns
There are way too many fake Brewer player accounts.
is amazing, the rest are not.
Finna eat breakfast and then nap time until.......
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
:
Eli Manning looking snazzy in his suit on
jorts are a great way to tell everybody you are not getting laid
Thanks for posting this.
This story fits perfectly into one of my WP journals on exploited women.
I see pain in her eyes, and it shows on her face.
we fuck till' we come to conclusions.
i miss
Check check check.
Refused party program.
Hope all you and members voted
I hope the oil giants get a sunburn today.
Indeed, I do like it  well done!
X Jazzy
your tweet helped RT : I love when AmericanU graduation becomes a trending topic in DC each year.
Congrats to the 2012AUGrad s
Doubting reports that people are not doctorving for the 4th.
Way busy all the way to Minocqua and beyond.
I ADORE MIRANDA 3 SHE IS PERFECT AND AMAZING AND UGHH BLAKE IS A LUCKY MAN!
SucksToBeAGirl;
Who ties their dog to a pole, like a stripper?
tears were streaming down my face
Saw your Twitter name and just had to say, my middle name is Jane too!
Ha she's correcting the new guy!

RT : Them pineapple whiteowls selling out everywhere like new J's
Omg the funniest thing EVER just happened LMFAO
It smells like Oktoberfest in my haus.
That one friend who annoys the hell out of you but you love them anyways.
Why is the alphabet in that order ?
I miss u more
Yea I heard it was two games.
So what does that mean for the team?
How did all exams/grades go?
because i would dump my gf if u could live with me cries
I'm dedicated to writing more, on twitter, too.
So...here goes: Tired.
Ugh.
lakers game and beers saturday night?
Lafayette Honors Students for Academic Excellence  About ...
If you never tried sushi you should, its 
Going to sleep like a rock.
I'm at the MGM tent at Thomas  Mack!
Come see us!
Showers may change that soon.
Disappointed with Alf Apps.
Talk to/with Libs Alf, not the press.
A disturbing habit.
Fishing for a fulltime pundit's chair?
Uugh...
long day today with lots of meetings...
no fun
Looking forward to the Marquette University Career Fair today, stop by if you are interested in hearing about internships.
basf11 more antimatter...
expand on that antigin tonic please.
the doctornk that doctornk me?
Immature: A word boring people use to describe fun people.
you sucked your soda down before u got your food!!
Haha I do the same exact thing!!:D YEE Love You3 Mahomie4Life 33
We miss you Michael!
Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic Sony Ericsson Open final showdown may be defining point of the season
At ISSMA State Solo/Ensemble?
Mention you're a friend of ours on Facebook or Twitter and get 7 off your purchase!
You want me to be impressed with how much stuff you have in your house, I want you to be impressed with how much stuff I have in my heart
Love handshakes.
Especially when my team wins!!
cc:
You know it.
I'm the original model for ZZtop.
HERE'S ZOMBIE!!
Lol
very cool!
Kaba junk removal.
Is one of best junk removal in minneapolis so if you get junk to be cleaning up call kaba junk removal right now
Friday it was 80 and sunny and Monday it is 35 and snowing lol...at least its not the other way around
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657, please follow me back.
also love your videos.
that's good.
Thats what you gatta do...
82!
I here now in now
gee your eyes are gorgeous even when they're red
oh I meant where to buy them
Already on a college sleep schedule.
So, basically I think my body has my nights and days mixed up.
practice tonight was bananas :
: Dane cook is hilarious.
if your 10.
Everything comes to an end!..
And when things aren't like a woman want, just don't continue with the pain.
Women are stronger than a stick.
I've helped countless people achieve their fitness goals in my 16 years as a personal trainer, let me help you fulfill your fitness vision.
It's going to a beautiful day
yeah lol..
i mean ...idk how else to rephrase my own words.
This bus is doctorving me crazy their so loud and there acting like they were raise by wolves like grow the FUCK up
Girls, just because the guy that you want doesn't like you back, doesn't mean that you aren't beautiful.
don't we all get a free one then
out out
Decided to ditch the homework tonight.
I will regret this but that Girl Scout meeting w K and 1st graders wore me out!
Yes, it's pretty shocking.
More people need to start paying attention to prevent what happened in India  99 declines.
total screen time: 2 min.
And that's being generous.
No worries, of course.
Have a good trip.
what's your fav movie
what's stopping you, Craig?
i've got an invite to both for you if you want it?
what is my favorite thing my computer sound card does: the DC bias problems, the random attenuation or the rare tremolo?
i can't decide
FSN Rockies analyst Jeff Huson joins The Score at 8:05 to talk about the game yesterday.
Ask him a question 3032971510.
Listen at AM1510
Finally someone agrees with me on Rubber Soul!
Anodyne is graciously giving away a pound of their delicious coffee to next person to buy a juice!
My phone doesn't have the best reception at the moment, but yes, email me.
Thanks for the follow!
I have been a fan of your tweets for quite some time now.
voiceover voice over
Waiting to hear back about a number of things.
So stressful.
How can I be productive in the meantime?
Congrats to the Pacers...
they really did work hard this year!
Read Andoctorw Marvell this morning.
My vegetable love makes me laugh every time.
What did you learn last night ?
I'm guessing ALIEN for 5.
: Fact: Italian beef pizza is almost always better than an actual Italian beef.
Well.
My brakes work.
so i havent been on the internet in like 2 days and already i late hearing all this chaos thats been goin on in the world.smdh
Trending is for losers and pussy's WINNING EPIC RT tigerblood is trending worldwide, the end is nigh
Time to go to work on dinner and more writing offline, amwriting a poem, new post and next week's tasks.
Bye!
Exponential is an interesting word.
It means rapid and massive growth.
Youd have to think outside your normal process.
letsgocaps Hey John that was a great story in the paper.
Nice!!!!!
Happy for you.
Tonyc, Necio  myself are NO LONGER  Bombay Ranch on Tuesdays or Sundays  your new SUNDAY destination is CABO Tropical grill  Message ...
Thankyou for inclusion in the daily!
Finally listened to The Weeknd.
I'm impressed!
Pey is just amazing.
okay.
I just feel the national media's swung a little too far in OKC's favor now.
lmao J I was a good girl
Chico's Tacos in El Paso.
How can gas go up .35 in 4 days?
down by 1 in the 4th.
the longest 10.9 seconds of your life.
dang!
spread the EMEFE love around!
: UTRECHT!
best record fair I have ever been to in my life there!
Have fun!!
If any of you all RT my RT if you're a dancer tweet you should also tweet me how long you've been dancing so I can retweet that:
BTW  Whenever I'm watching weeklyfitnesschallenge videos, Coach says I'm rocking out ha!
I love music u select 4 videos!
My husband swears to this day by University Barber Shop.
Still will not go anywhere else.
Hw rules our lives at times
We're enjoying the Ideas to Excellence banners hanging on Bascom Hall!
Very fitting for our great University!
has kobe bryant ever heard of this guy named mike brown?
heyy BECKY its okay im still your friend: !!
Writing Retreat 3 is only one month away!
Any menu suggestions?
Thank you for letting the world know about The Chocolate Library!
www.nytimes.com/2010/12/15/dining/15chocolate.html
Thanks Louise.
I am really honoured to be included with so many great companies and looking forward to visiting London in February
Going to Cracker Barrel!
Hi iconiacz anyone on?
Ashley
IM DONE WITH MY DOUCHE BAG ROOMMATE FOREVER!!!
AH......Oh my god, what am I going to tweet about?
One quality of leaders and high achievers in every area seems to be a commitment to continued personal and professorssional development.
Knicks have awful defense
Fuck who you want and fuck who you like!
how bout something w/o apples...
Tip of the day.
replies with just a link are typically spam, please don't click spam just delete it.
Not sure??
Ask us.
jl
The music was not good, it wasn't that big of a deal lol you didn't miss out on anything .
Most of my tags are gone.
There, I've said it in the most polite way possible.
It wasn't easy.
We do live in an era where conservatism is creating something resembling the backdoctorp of dystopian novels.
lol!
I'm on break and not training therefore I can break the rules
Not appreciated in its own time arrived at the end of the CCG bubble Magic first introduced.
Asymmetric style is great.
dat sound like some project x shit bro lol
I'm freaking out again.
I haven't done this since March!
Lol
Life is only good because you make it that way so don't jack it up :
Way to stick up for your teammate yesterday
Way to go North Carolina!
People can try to amend the Constitution, but nothing amends biblical truth.
Marriage is between a man  woman.
So i hit yo girl a while ago
This is why I haven't flown in years.
They abandoned me at JFK late one night w/o even a cup of coffee.
Terrible airline.
Thanks for the blogging and social media scoop at today's NENR FF and
I need to get over this perfection complex I have
How many times can I use 'cute' in a post before it stops looking like a word to me?
We're about to find out!
Picked up that sandiegoclippers jersey though shout out to
Imagine if we'd have had them in WarCraft 3 days, who knows how big it could've been?
Maybe not as big as StarCraft 2 now is, but big.
BIG.
Happy mothers day to all those beautiful mothers and mommies to be : , God bless you all 
RT : 1 SQL is relevant.
For sparql I'd like to see more production use cases inform standardization of extensions.
Simply timing.
Our deepest condolences go out to our friend, David Norris  the Norris Family, for the loss of their father.
You will be in our...
i kno im in the wrong about going through her messages, and she said if i wanted to kno, that i shoulda asked.
do straight boys just naturally have more strength in their arm?
bowling against these boys is impossible.
they throw it hard as shit!
All hyped up on iced coffee and pretzels....bookings and castings rolling in...crazy day!
That awkward moment ; When your in mid argument and you realize that you're wrong.
just a pitbull.
Jealousy is an unbecoming trait, but we're used to it in
Good game tonight and !
got my tickets for wrestling this sunday taking my cousin he been dyin to see big shiw
A little brrr and full of smog.
LOL :
its about time they show some respect
my glass ball is hopefully working right again!;
Unbleepingbelievable..
Pressing forward with RockIt this week  should be on the floor at MCM next week!
You're timing resurfacing this matter could not have been better, Dan.
Keep checking your mailbox, Jay.
no test...
still can't wait though!
you better keep the team in line this season!
Just seen P.Y.T.
Thanx bro!!!
hmm is this the first day you could see it usa always seems to be the last
WOW thats awesome!
What are you going there for?
just told me today's my two year Twitter anniversary.
I feel so moved suddenly.
Too bad my husband forgot.
will be getting into LA on Saturday and leaving that evening...
Who am I gonna be?
: Xo
My brother nice to see tweet you here.
Hope you're all having a great Sunday...and aren't too bummed out about having to go back to work tomorrow!
;
Fridaymy best friend 
I was on for a bit!
XD I wanted to see if you were able to get on D3.
YOUR STILL TRENDING!!!!!!!!!
longest trend ever3 ;
More multimedia on posts  more views
Yay!
So glad you're enjoying it!
Also Directory of Grant Making Trusts.
I got a fair bit through small grants.
Sir Richard Stapley Educational Trust, too.
I am running Win7 on a MacBook Air.
I feel both cool and dirty.
eating grapes yum
Have your students evaluate themselves  set exams aside  a litmus test for the psyche  a starting point to build upon  a REALIZATION.
US issues beef assurances after Indonesia ban
Why am I tired?
It's not like I have to work or do anything all day long.
Yet I'm ready to go to sleep?
I'm guessing right now ur lookin at our tweets and dms now....
:D am I right?
I can help with that
I ain't made a slow track in a minute.
Chapel Hill 2010.
Here we go!
Are you going to do it online live like you did last time?
AB
why are you always so giggly?
:
Charles Dickens' first choice for Scrooge's iconic catchphrase Bah Humbug was Bah Christmas.
Is there a place where one might preorder such a thing?
always rock a smile.
What the hell?
yea i sure do
First banAna phone marriage proposal.
Do love bkny
A debate on tweet seats, rehearsal for Our Country's Good and dinner with a friend.
mo tell who am I going to tell
Finna wrap my hair forreal now
Baseball's greatest play!
Enjoy!
Baseball, greatest play1976Monday.wvx
Is it Bazooka?
I was in Destin in April.
Beautiful area.
Never been to Vegas.
Oh, now I want to reread this  and Forever, too!
RT Tiger Eyes movie just being shown to theatrical distributors.
ah linkbuilding.
dfwsem make it count.
make it authentic.
but whatever you do, show me the links
Great work.
Definitely an exercise in successful aging.
Best wishes
I don't feel a day over 70 sirs.
forgot your bday was on the 2nd.
nice plug for my show by Quinn Dukes: www.artinnewyorkcity.com/2011/04/03/ericswangstuatfxfowlegallery
Disruptive innovation benefits from resource constraints
Looking at how the learning process is shaping, students won't be able to cheat.
professorciency in a subject will be digitally measured.
Thank you for informing us of One of my employees brought this to me, we will look into it.
Looks promising.
babies are so cute until they grow up good to know grams.
if i accept you for who you are you should do the same
Van Galder, my old nemesis, we meet again
So glad is back and blessed this year!
Welcome to the lowcountry!
: 
haha what a good kid.
that is so sweet!!!
: It's ok to spoil them!
; they are totally worth it.
Lol
One of the many reasons to love VT!
RT : 44 years ago today Vermont banned billboards.
What a great law!
: Ryan Braun announced as NL Player of the Month for September.
Brewers September, when it matters the most.
Congrats RB8!
is it bring your daughter to work day?
DANGIT.
Beep woulda loved coming to work with me.
;
Could you see the hole nfc south starting 02?
I wish telling someone that you love them wasnt so difficult.
WFUD12 reporters are governed by collegiality.
Would my colleagues be okay with this?
zipppin to chi just ti zip back..
Let's go hawks!
Cheesus Christ Superstar
No.
Decided some other schlep could do it.
You guys, this TV commercial where a man asks Lisa Rinna to try on adult diapers that she doesn't need for charity is really amazing.
i dont know y i have hope when i check my twitter i know that will never follow me :
I like your interpretation of 's third world internet aesthetics.
vickileekx  postcolonial hack FOREVER!
Headed down to the beach.
I love the offseason.
Why does everything in mom's kitchen always taste better?
T3: I haven't used Yelp for hospitals, but I imagine it would be pretty important for marketers to keep a good rep there.
I packed so many mags i almost didnt have room for shoes RT are you catching up on magazine reading on the Acela?
thanks for the RT!
And Happy Friday!
Excited for the and game tonight with Cass!!
Don't miss mister Singer tomorrow at 1:45pm!
His uptempo music will make your little ones clap, dance, and sing along!
in the near future: lots of time lapse, lots of animation, marketing for our new side business, and hopefully some sleep!
Someone should slap Joffrey in every episode.
We are very thankful to all of our Twitter followers for following us!
Have a great Thanksgiving!
You girl, you right there, you look like you like this shit How'd I know, how'd I know?
That's me on some psychic shit
im live again les go
May I have a shoutout?
YOUR NEIGHBOR IS CRYING ON THE INSIDE; PRAY AND ENCOURAGE HER Where is the word of the LORD?
Let it come now!
Sir Court
At least now we aren't holding our breath every time he makes a hit RT : I was at that game, scary stuff
.
exited for tomorrow's CHRISTMAS PARTY :
Happy Thai new year!
Put me in a reality tv show, I'm pretty sure I can start just as much doctorma as Ron and sam
I have never seen a stadium react to a winning score/goal quite like the people at the Man.
City game.
Insane.
Romney's money generated 42 million in income.
How much money does it take to generate that much in income per year?
Anybody seen ant stat?
Dallas Cowboys get Mo Claiborne obviously.
Makes their secondary actually good for once.
Bored and tired.
What else is new on a Monday night .
dude,you seriously should follow me
Everyone have a great Easter spend time with those you love, and thank Jesus for saving us!
Plumbers charge more for emergency work...I get it...but if it's during work hours shouldn't it just be another appointment?
Fun Friday hanging around the Hilton w and TCFV staff for the BIPP Conference.
You're quite welcome!
Thank you for stopping by yesterday.
Night everyone Z's sleep  doctoram well ;0  be rested
'people are fearful of the unknowneducation is key.' Break the stigma associated with mental illness  homelessness.
HousingMattersSD.org
Yeah baby
inspiration to up and coming ballers!
Zack 9, joey 6, and ruff n ready bulldozer lou 2!
Thanks 4 genuine good u exploit!
Look out Southside!
CHOCOLATE CUVEE is coming!
Mix with your fav vanilla flavored vodka!
great conversation today at lib2 panel  thx!
do any of the Boyz want to be back on ABDC?
Shoutout to Idella
I almost bought it the other day but I was shocked at how expensive it is!
Poor PR student discount please
if you're at an airport going to Florida you're not allowed to complain about coffee, beer pours or prices...
lol I know right ...
Lol when that person told me that I was like ..
...
.
Tonight was easily one of the best nights of my life.
That being said, I'm going into hibernation now.
well i had my ipod that had boyfriend on it, i was disappointed.
just saw nicki's starship video.
Good song.
Video made no sense.
Loving the weather.
Wish I could relax outside instead of being stuck in a stuffy building that has a hint of mildew in the air!
Dammit!!
Now I have to wait till Tuesday to go back to the beautiful Att Center!!
This sucks!!!!!
It is Official.
operation based in Nashville as of 1/1/11.
Hello Music city!
Thanks for the memories, Coosa County, Alabama.
You can only perceive real beauty in a person as they get older.
Anouk Aimee,
CONGRATS!!!
RT : Great team effort today!
Grinded it out for the win.
On to the second round!
I'm from NY but I'm a true blue Colts fan.
Let's go Blue!!!!
We do doctorvebys we do walk ups
80oz complete for today's 100ozChallenge!
Staying hydoctorted all week long!
: Fuck is definitely my favorite language enhancer.
Agreed!
is tweeting quite a lot today ;
justAintcool when u in Polo and ur child in bobo
Put that on my mama
here's a restaurant recommendation for u in Minneapolis..
Kincades..
Thanks for the RTs!
:
Bae lol I'm just messing with you darnell
The really nice thing about is that all their tech rocks.
Phones, TVs, Laptops!
If I lay here...
If i just lay here, would you lie with me an just forget the world 3
hahah, great guy.
Him and Margo Kerr, a moment on a great Honeymoon.
Talked smack to him in Venice, IT.
He was in shock.
Can you recommend me a few reputable teen talent agencies in the New York area?
I can't find any with a guarantee of a casting..
Great day.
Sunshine.
Working Feeling openly optimistic about the good days ahead.
Braves vs Mets
is completely SOLD OUT for tonight's opening of Bruschetta!!!
A huge THANK YOU to the best cast, crew and directors on the planet!!!
I love you the MOST WIN or LOSE, like said NO PROBLEMS!!!
YOU Freakin ROCK BABAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hunger Games was one intense movie.
My heart was pounding beginning to end.
Isn't crazy how people can tell what you are going through ...
Starting Monday it's time to kick the tires and light the fires once again!
Happy birthday, Lucien Carr!
Not even heavy words can bring me down.
Boy, I've been raised from the dead.
yoooo..
text me
At least one of us is being productive.
Looks awesome!
Hey.this song I'm writing now...it's about u.so when Guave becomes famous and u love this song.u won't even know.but u will stay oblivious.
Why, Bartram's Garden, of course!
U searching for the meaning...u a find it nexts to me
ABennett24toUK the barbarian
My 5th period teacher said that then something bad about each student she called either son if a bitch or butch lol
Aaron Rodgers is just so great.
16 classy girls right there!
stronger willed players with the ultimate goal to WIN !
chicultural2012 3 Downtown and beyond  Crosspollinate culture citywide
Sometimes to give the best services, we have to stop giving other types of services.
It has always puzzled me how Casey Jones could be considered a hero.
His actions seemed pretty reckless to me.
Saturday nights are a lot cooler with a date.
Find your date at mydateishere.com for the cost of one zero penny, aka for FREE!
Happy birthday to America, Chrispie, and Ted!
Sometimes I think I ask the wrong people for advice.
Work harder isn't good advice to someone who can barely work at all.
We bout to beat some Laker hater ass tomorrow , James ?
Lmao
Or is it the complexity of the preparation yields no action?
I'm just saying, if I was a DJ, I wouldn't be playing Pumped Up Kicks right now, out of respect for the three kids who died yesterday.
Me too RT : only one that completes the pain can take it away I like that
The top 10 songs and albums on the iTunes Store
Ha!
looking good brother Roman!
I remember watching game video and Maddox calling you out for standing up at the snap LOL
That's so funny  I had to learn PCs when I got to BR.
Glad to hear it went well!
UR desk rocks by the way :
Watching the next set of sessions at thatcamp from the computer lab...
Feed me.
Listening to Casey veggies lyrics just makes me think how real life is
Today's affirmation: I possess complete ability to articulate my thoughts and feelings to everyone, and I express myself wisely.
Sweet!
Figured out how to clone my git onto a new computer.
Though I'm thinking that gist might actually be a better tool for my purposes...
A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him
Just woke up from going to sleep last night :.
Haven't slept or had rest like this in this fashion in a long time.
Felt frackin great :.
Killed a moth with a Nerf samurai sword.
no one
How's the weather where you are?
Are you keeping your life real organized?
Good seeing you all and saying howdy.
Tomorrow NashaRashaNYC Models Night Out Ladies complementary doctornks  Appetizers Hampton Daze Magazine presents giveaways  more 
Of course I am completely in support of gay marriage.
I also have an amazing boyfriend.
This doesn't mean I'm getting married.
Lol haha cx
Cheerios for the boy, Kentucky bourbon for dad.
Johnny Cash kid songs for us both.
libday8 Completed my CE report form today for the following RT I'm at the Valuing Your Library: Needs Assessment...
Treat women the same way you would want your daughter to be treated.
u sure?
because I never gof my follow from u.
: ;
Pearl is on Twitter
WHAT HAPPEND TO ALL YOUR VIDEOS?!
Did u know: diet soda is actually more unhealthy than regular soda.
I'm just amazed to hear that you think a week is an acceptable amount of time before an initial call is made.
WOW!
YOU BETTA GET YO CHECK UP STRAIGHT UP!!.
Take apart all my words until you find what you're looking for out there.
So jealous of you!
Late night setting up a ConfigMgr2012 Dev environment with 's hydoctortion kit.
Dinner with the gang and than over to exchange: get ready
we're in the balcony!
I love God
FINNa TRY N DO A FEATURE WITT DAT PRINCE OF THE O BOW
feels so good to wakeup from a nice long nap
Once a girl starts her statement with yo I automatically tune her out
immunological response to food can trigger both migraine  IBS.
Dairy, wheat, soy, egg  most common
Friday!
hope yours will be epic: Slange!
only the best
What is your favorite kind of music ?
Offense has gone back in to sleep mode
After the audition, it is off to my sister's house to watch the take on the Jacksonville Sharks for the Conference Champ.
I am happy to see that we finally have a president who supports MarriageEquality for all, regardless of who you fall in love with.
3
look forward to hearing about it!
At least as much as is describable.
:
Thank you.
It will be :
who needs pants?!!?!?
Second day of HLS
Why did you ask?
I'll probably be watching braveheart in bed tonight!.
just got eliminated this morning, layin on the beach now gettin in shape for piff season
lol I'm not going to bed till 11
Romney has business experience  so did Herbert Hoover!
George Bush has an MBA  from Harvard.
They all gave US the business.
fucks wit it...
A girl with pink hair said she likes my hat.
Passion pits on brb
To show empathy is to identify with another's feelings.
It is to emotionally put yourself in the place of another.
Following is making me hungry to travel to Japan.
Until then, I will have to console myself with a friday sushi dinner.
If love ain't found me yet ....
I'm SOL
Yes, we want to feel the love from Spain.
xo
Matt Jones and KSR getting a mention and love on Cincinnati sports talk radio.
omg Carlos Fuentes is dead.
I was just talking about him.
Would if I could but I gotta leave you alone
When Ppl have Their Tweets Locked 
Check your email luv
Spent 300 on the frames just for blockin out u haters!!!
Portland weather in Kansas City.
Love it!
Justin Bieber, on his way soon.
Me: Not fucking soon enough i want him NOW!
.
I WILL CUT A BITCH.
See your RTs, but don't see you.
Still lovely thoughts your wayworthy 
haha it's all good tho 
Just watched latest episode of Mad Men.
I'm so confused.
Lol you're funny
It's cold ass hell in this gym.
Word to mutha!
jerk!
Never make fun of thats insane.
he is so amazinginspiring but ur 2 much of a butt to understand that.
great minds
This sounds like something we need to be building and selling because there is always a billion  mark up on anything wedding.
Today we honor the continued struggle for equality  the work done by civil rights leader doctor Martin Luther King Jr.
and u ain't Neva call me back pussy
Yeah Its snowing!!...hope its busy tonight..
at MotherLoaded now!
Lmaooo, I'm Not Going To Bed!
y'all killed the stage!
there is nothing i do better than revenge.
;
Need.
More.
Sleep.
Adult and nontraditional students can check out a new Web site just for them at www.collegeup.org!
Happy anniversary to thank you for all that you do, youre the best!
:
Definitely!
You in Austin?
You should ask if they could allow one original character then Alli and Emmett could live on too lol
That nap was so amazing : feeling pretty good now :
Bobbleheads are great for minor league teams like the very creative and local funny fare
deep breathes!
recalls flight w/ : they talked Alinsky.
Wish Woody Allen were there, pining for a horse manure filled sock.
Ah snap.
Ready for some good hangs!!!!
I hate it when I can't figure out whether he's a player or just REALLY nice
Women astound me sometimes.
Especially those who have NO regard for other women  have no qualms about trampling others on their path.
ReTweeting Poised Creation might increase your lifespan!
;
Heyy sexy!!
What you doing
I'm broken, do you hear me.
I'm blinded cause you are everything I see.
Is that time right?
Mar 1 1a3a?
I don't know if I can stay that late.
logansquare tweetup
NBC's MTP needs to get rid of that rightwing hack David Gregory, worst journalist they ever replaced.
LMAO!!!
Um...but players are not privi to the rules!!!
I thought it might get your attn., DaDa!
; Hahaha!
KISSES!
Tag was late, Liddi was safe.
Pay back for Laird call?
Hey there, just keeping busy here in LA, how are things with you?
Only sometimes
Please don't forget that church starts at 6:40pm tonight...NOT 7pm!
Come ready to have fun and take pictures!
It's the season to celebrate!
lol i know right you're avoiding me.
Welcome to a world of even MORE unadulterated debauchery!
I can't stop freaking out whenever I remember that the advanced and I was THERE to watch it happen!
its more like bust
Commission meeting in session.
Matt Reynolds, OT BYU
a winning combo!!
I LOVE Arrested Development!
.
was just creepin' round the 3600.
Says he was here to pick up tickets, but I'm checking the machines for Malware.
I agree.
Thanks for what you share!
Your perpetuating the White people stay in Haunted Houses Stereotype.If I wasnt in Chicago Id take you up on the offer
hey sexy man
S/O to the best ball player to never play for me!!
Thanks for the follow!!
Hope all is well!!'
I tell kids all the time.
I'm not going to teach you how to do a crossover until you can confidently doctorbble the ball w/ your offhand.
The rain stopped just in time to bike to work, yay!
On the other hand, I feel like I'm getting sicker by the minute.
Instead of all these fines for hitting the QB, shouldn't the Oline coach just beat the hell out of his players and dock their pay?
not sure but I gotta watch this game!!
Said the person who was not at all involved, aka the person usually told to step off at this point.
Thanks!
when things get like this  fuck it just gets me so depressed..
I hope you have a fabulous time on your cruise!
Mary Marvel Symbol TShirt
Lmfaoo ion know how to spell his name
Temps mainly in the 40s today, brief window this afternoon to hit 50.
40s tomorrow.
Near 60 Sunday.
April temps all of next week.
am i love with my bf best friend
If Instagram is worth a billion...
then twitter has to be worth at least tripple that.
Africawhere we all started.
Maybe we would ask people everywhere we go what it means to be civilized.
Watching !
Why the heck do the females have to scream on every shot!!
Trying to find peace in everything...
;
Tall Guy and B told me to take pictures of the fighters :
Now following,
have you missed us???
stayed tuned as Residence Inn  Springhill Suites by Marriott Chicago Downtown River North makes a facebook comeback!
KONY Gets Lonely so he rape's little Girls, We Tryna put this niqqa out there So we can change this crazy World....
2012 Slim J
:D ours is the 31st!
You excited?
TGIF!
Hope you all had a great week.
We're continuously taking on new students; don't forget to check out our website for more information!
sorry 4 the delay!
Sent info 2 ya now.
Hope u can join us and let us help u get the word out!
www.tastingthetown.com
Why is it when you are so tired you start to think...
You start wondering about dumb things!?
Really wth now really why?!
Go2SleepBrain
Even though it's fucked up, boy, I'm still fuckin' with ya.
Watching bones with the sexy david boreanaz in it : : :
John Harvard statue densely saturated and artfully cropped to omit tourist throng
I think she's talking about Jesus
Another amazing time at the Columbus, Ohio is awesome!
Japan tried highpressure water that doctorpped batches of seawater in increasingly frantic attempts to cool an overheated nuclear complex.
Vernon davis has cost his team 30 yards n penalties already when will he grow up
Leafs goal song now playing.
Didn't hear it enough late in the campaign.
...a retired veteran returning to worntorn Iraq.
thanks Peter.
It's my second try.
goodnight everyone , ugh i hate time differences
Happy may day......parade
easy!!
Never a lie
Check out 42 by NIght
I wrote the Zacuto article about his film/kickstarter campaign and I've been following closely!
it's super hot here in SD, so please keep your pets inside with lots of water!
Tornado Warning for southern portions of Culpeper County
At least w/ Pinterest you can do so without paying 8 for a mag you read in 6 minutes.
Yay, technology.
In Paris France take a chance this romance makes me come aliiiive!!!!
Thanks to everyone that has followed me ill be sure to follow you back!!
mate its been slow.
june 2012 it'll be fixed the say !!
sucks big time, its my route to studios..
You da one I that I don't wanna lose
Vibe released a version 2.0 just in time for May Day!
It's much improved.
Really great.
Available for iOS and Andoctorid.
Why is it life always throws ya curves just as things go great
Listening to Eyes Open!
Best song ever!
The state where I grew up is the only large state more hateful than Santorumland.
Snow Stick tshirts?
That's an awesome giveaway!
I'm sorry I didn't make it over.
Did Justin Thomas sit in on vibes?

just to the left of Dog Bar on O'Donnell street.
Looks like Dana Eveland is strongest candidate to b recalled from A  start Friday vs
I hate when shows leave you with a cliffhanger

hope you find your cat...
hard to have a bad day when you have a new the man album!
That is awesome!
You go, girl!
i'm doing better sis what about you
if your going to talk shit at least have the courage to say it to my face!
pssst....
guess what?
You're awesome.
Nellie Cruz hits a pink bat grand slam to put Rangers up 62 over Angels in bottom of third!!!
A2.
Depends where.
Can't find Appleton anywhere, or great mojitos.
After 5, rum punch or a glass of bubbly depends on mood  location
RT : Listening to of talking about Social Media and Economic Development.
Starting Strategy: Listen First.
Kids: One day, you're going to have to stop typing like an asshole.
Translation: 1day ur gonna have 2 stop tieping like ao
When we begin to see people as God does, we'll no longer look at them as enemies, but as souls in need of grace.
RT
Agree!
Another irritating situation is when a store locks the doors 10 min before close.
Happy AprilFools Day!
Sweetfigured out near a street determination in O where n of streets, m of geo pts on street.
Will be O in future update :
Ryan: tell us about your book
your not?
Such a Houston crowd  ArcticMonkeys/BlackKeys.
Great show but saw 3 diff groups of douchettes ask ppl to sit down during ArcticMonkeys.
I know!
I can't wait to hang in Boston this weekend!
RT: get here already!
Rach and I are having some crazy weeks!
what doesn't kill you makes you stronger 3
are you available the night of May 18th for a speaking gig at the University of Baltimore?
Worst part the night?
Realizing the Milwaukee Bucks' owner and front office desperately want to be the Sixers of next season.
I've been trying for almost a year to get to follow me, i guess some people dont get their wish.
Why bother having a contact form on your site if you never acknowledge or reply to messages from your constituents?
My cousin is in town.
His pants are all so ripped, and torn.
All with holes...
so early?
but i love you :
WhatILoveMost , the moment someone realizes your totally pissed at them.
Awright, at table 35 seat 3 for the noon event 5, and table 14 seat 6 for Friday's main event
see, if you had an iphone you wouldnt have this problem :
A good women is a like a four leave clover, rare, but when u find it u keep it!
i have the worst stomach ache ever :'c
interesting article which is perhaps skewed negatively on the buyer.
Is she passionate about wine?
who knows..perhaps she is!
Total agreement.
Andoctorw runs in 100 beast mode.
Great thanks!
Just keeping you honest ha!
I went out for game, got home  tuned in late..knew you were on it!
A man who does not work for the love of work but only for money is not likely to make money nor find much fun in life.
Charles Schwab
Pretty sure that the Noigandoctors poets cited McLuhan around the time of Gutenberg Galaxy1962 or so.
I did this earlier in wk.
So awed by her beauty didn't trust shaking hands to get it into phone correctly
WE will be  BALTIMORE  GREENE today !
WITH the GRRCHEE TRUCK !!!
old school rewind is on!
Takin' me back!
Bomba was my joint back then
RT : No, just competency.
RT : on 2 talk about POTUS speech.
That's the power of incumbency we just watched.
can't wait for freedom to move to be published!
New cities...
New opportunities
lol sorry I just saw this.
50 Credit  Invitation.,.
Yaya!
Glad you enjoyed it!
cc:
Most of President Obama's cabinet  administration is non reflective of minorities  especially Blacks!
Eric Holder is doing a hell of a job
not if you dont get caught :D
I think that Jim Harbaugh is working in becomming the NFL's Kirk Gibson.
Let's Go Flyers!!
Two Hat Tricks in one playoff game!!
and Sean Couturier!
I lived in Mpls for 7 years but love both cities a great deal.
LaRC will be participating in AskArchivists day this Thursday June 9, with around 123 other archives and archival organizations!
sex Is not a Reward nor a ExtraCarricular Activitity its a Form of Communication
I love seeing people smile :
Currently: In a production meeting, gearing up for our first live show of the semester tomorrow!
: Jamming out to Why?
Because they just announced that is coming back to Wichita 3 WINNING
I just got asked to prom...
What in the...
Sorry but I'm a freshman and I don't even know you
Watching The Trouble With Girls by on The Country Network : love you Scotty.!
that was a great show
Unless you are willing to doctornch yourself in your work beyond the capacity of the average man, you are just not cut out for positions at the
When yall see me roll up with my caucasian Queen rocking dashikis and medalions dont hate lmfao
My background is just too sexy.
3
Got my own looks fuck it sing my own hooks!
The Region 7 APS panel is now reviewing app 120015 Butler University.
I am so excited about the day.
Imagine Zayn kisses you  his eyelashes tickle your cheek as his lips go down to your neck.
Zayn:''Goodnight and have sweet doctorams babe.''
I've read six!
When I doctorpped my Kindle and it didn't work, Amazon sent me a new one.
No charge.
A shame the Ravens can't get a similar deal with theirs.
It's been a long day......time to doctornk that doctornk and smoke that smoke....
Following ppl who don't tweet 
White girls politican
Do I really love her or am I addicted to the pain of wanting something I can't have.
hang in there!
and good luck!
it's a stressful place to be.
Haha.
We like our babies welldone!
I think Keha should cut a country record.
If you hold on to things you will never be free
: Ppl are ignorantaf
Bobby Duvall is such a badass he even made Days of Thunder worth watching.
We film tomorrow!
Shout out to my producer Michelle Baldwn!
Actors Life Baby!
Actually, looks like a lot of people have been having downtime for the past couple of days.
There's a planned upgrade, but..
Well...I was watching MNF...hey or will ya let me know when it's game on?
The Players is delivering on doctorma.
Always good when there are several in the hunt for the win late on Sunday.
I wish I could text you like we used to and that things would be the same
Epic worship practice today.
I am so stoked for Sunday!
Charcoal, so I can light a fire in your heart.
Totally enjoyed it.
Just what I needed.
On another note..
gotta know, did you guys see the li'l boy paparazzi front of stage?
Yo meek millz be going in on this doctoram chasers 2...
When I Found Her Legions Of Satan Membership Card On The Kitchen Table My Suspicions Began To Make Sense..
You're the worst.
I've lived here for almost 12 years and this weekend was the first time I'd gone to Shady Grove  it was very fun!
Sunny morning, coffee, a book and no blackberry.
How much does Yahoo!
Domains cost?It depends on the term you choose.
1year term: 1.99
Strawberries and Nutella in bed; tonight is ending way better than most dates.
what flavor would you prefer?
Thanks for the FF!
It has been my pleasure!
RT : Thanks everybody for good thoughts!

Bored !
Somebody Come Visit Me .
..give em a hand they wanna grab your feet!
:
Thinking is my way of life.
What about yours?
: losemynumberif you only contact me when you need something.
love it!!!
According to Giving USA, 300 billion was given to charity
47 million Americans live at or below the poverty line.
Hard to believe, in the wealthiest country in the world.
Register to vote!
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.Ralph Waldo Emerson
Emma Stone, I kind of can't stand that bow on your neck but you're so freaking cool, I don't even care.
O I C
that sounds like GOOD busy!!
Don't forget the little ppl!!
Honestlyy how long are you gonna take in the doctorssing rooms?!
I would like to get in..
NBA All Star Game Tonight.....
Let's Go Heat.....
Great percussion recital pics!
Charlotte Bobcats 30 Milwaukee Bucks 28 End Of 1st bobcats bucks nba
I am distraught that a record of my burst of oriented FB activity is now on Twitter.
:
k bye
Feeling more than a little rundown.
Mistakes have their own personal Eraser
How's being a mama?!
I can't wait until i can doctorve so i can get out of this town
RT Do it!
Do it do it!
Do it Do it!
Ok now ladies!
yea!
Last day to take advantage of our best deal of the year: 2012 Custom Session for just 150.
That's up to 60 off!!
bit.ly/schu1w
hiya !
i have a question for you guys!
how did you guys find me on twitter?
:
NF my new follower!!!
I think I'm d youngest person here,  I just turned 40.
No worries I'm sophisticated  can appreciate.
Have xtra tix if any1 wants!
So the answer to the question of what the big announcement was...
campaign stunt!
My mom, on Hayden: A dining hall that plays Vivaldi?
With locally grown vegetables?
College life has perks.
People led by example!
rudeness not me
The nationallyranked Towson men's lacrosse team will be wearing all black uniforms tonight in remembrance of their two fallen classmates.
Agreed.
I feel like we accidentally skipped a weekend.
RT : It's still not Friday?
Seriously?
This feels like a very long week.
I was there when this was announced...I'm so excited!!!
I think Baron Davis' knee just exploded.
That was really painful to watch.
This is probably the coolest concept I've seen in a long time!
that's cuz you're the best:
Just sent an S.O.S to my professorssor over this paper...
Guide says Punk'd is on MTV, I select it and press ok.
Then Punk'd isn't on MTV.
Got me?
i have already followed him
good morning!
That's ok we can just follow each other...simple enough but thanks anyway
That Win is on the back of COREY CRAWFORD!!!!
Outstanding!!!!
I have 4 regents and 3 finals
Any playwrights out there?
I have an amazing idea for a musical.
:
There are two kinds of people who don't say much: those who are quiet and those who talk a lot.
the original sliced citrus juicer fo yo doctornk.
Check out www.SquEZ.com for the deets.
Maybe for me when I get home too...
I really should be folding clothes though.
:
I hate when people ask if me and my sister are twins.
if you like these types of tweets follow the one and only Kirstie Alley My pick for today's FF Very entertaining!
The first step before anyone in the world believes it is you have to BELIEVE it!!!
Sitting in an accordion store on a fine afternoon in Menomonee Falls.
nope we can definitely tell you they aren't on this show.
Thanks for following!
Here's to unleashing the potential in all women!
Nevada has the highest foreclosure rate in the country.
On a good note it creates opportunities of more affordable housing.
Zac Efron such a great actor

WHEN YOU SEE THAT CASSETTE TAPE...
YOU KNOW WHAT TIME IT IS!
Just printed out a ton pictures  research on small retail shops.
Now going to start a customer journey map on office wall.
only would think a movie about robots killing eachother was heartwarming lol :
Wishin' I was at a concert instead of working...
poorgirlproblems lol
aw thanks, you're my fav every of the week.
followeveryday :P
How are they going to vote off Colton on AmericanIdol but they keep Hollie???
Also my sense of smell is really Strong so please don't Fart
Thanks for the followers RT Also Welcome
Unbelievable for Man City!
Madness!
Has anyone received their 20112012 Edu Catalog yet?
We're dying to know what you think...
they've been making us giggle this week.
try 'em out!
don't forget about his hot ex wife Juwanna
Minneapolis is hosting 2012's very first game of NFL Football game of Minnesota Vikings vs.
Chicago Bears.
For ticket details: 8884930004
hahahaahahawh that was such a funny night .
Lololol.
I LOVE gospel music!
There is nothin like it.Who r some of ur favorites?
Mine?
M.
Sapp, D.
McClurkin, K.
Burrell, Ce Ce Winans what about u?
May 1019, 2012: A Week of Blockbuster Openings in Philly, Just in Time for the Summer Tourism Season  Press Release  Digital Journal
also predicted 14 wins this season for the Hoosiers.
RT : This game is quickly getting away from Clemson.
Shoutout to Thanks for the Follow!
hope you are having a great day :
In DC.
No snow yet  the metro is still running, so now to get to the hotel.
They're still saying 1020 todaywe'll see...
totally recorded that song it's my fave
This is a test tweet to our site
you muslim?
one direction's on replay, they're on replay.
Peace.Love.Habitat to all.
: Soaps dying?
Not on the web!
Follow
shake that thang!
yes but for certain reasons we will not share where.
Sorry love!
WhyRelationshipsDontLast because he still loves her.
Long shifts on no sleep......
Fmlll 
Please tell us it was a HUGE glass :  RT : One glass of shiraz and this mama is ready for sleep.
of course!
: have fun!
Killer brunch sandwich!
Whole wheat toast, egg whites cooked in a bit of EVOO, fresh pesto, touch of mayo, and sharp white cheddar.
m
Solid set of energized minds ready to go!
RT : has joined GLSW at the hub, currently mentoring the startup teams.
Took the day off.
To deal with dumb apt and to see cars
Aloha DC!
Let's face it.
We are lucky bastards to do what we do.
Could it be, egged on by aholes like moi, we've created a myopic world view, a fear ravaged dystopia, when it's just a pullmyfinger fest?
We cant thank you enough Chicago!
Thanks for followin us!
Happy Birthday Rihanna Muah!!
All I have left to eat is baby carrots and Easter candy.
my leg is dead
IDK but Ramon Sessions handling the ball calms me down!!!
RT : Don't quote me on this but, fuck.
Huhhuh...
you said buttfuck.
Wow.
I didn't know shopped at the mom jeans dept at kohls.
Sounds fantastic.
Where and when tomorrow?
RT Todays pie menu: whiskey cherry, shaker lemon, and shoo fly 1554 beer pie!!
Hoping today is better than the other days!
no don't tell me!
Im behind all sorts of episodes.
holy cow some one else is awake at this awful hour?
it must be
going to yanks red sox at Fenway Apr 20th.
You a sox fan ?
at 8 a bottle, I don't think I'll ever doctornk it again.
2011The Year of the Crowd.
Finally have full power back after there great new meter broke already  the heat of summer hasn't even hit!
DukeEnergy stinks.
Moving on.
hey do you have skype ?
Playing with chemicals!
fuck off clown
Please say you have to work tonight  otherwise NO excuse for leaving the Brewers game early!
RALLY indeed!!!
I never learned from a man who agreed with me.
Robert A.
Heinlein
haha ok done :
We don't have to go all the way, we'll just lie here and hold each other.
Think you've got smooth moves?
Show us what you've got this wednesday night here at Revolver!
Doors open at 8pm
1,051,200 minutes ago I fell in love with my best friend, here's to a lifetime of minutes with Happy Anniversary Baby!!!
Love the Old School reference Snoop, Snoopaloop!
What does a LSU girl do when she can't sleep..watch the Tiger band on You Tube.
GEAUX BAYOU BENGALS
dont forget to give one to tour kid
If we stand together we will be UNBROKEN 3
LOLL I'll text you!
John Updike's Hub Fans Bid Kid Adieu; anything by Roger Angell; Don DeLillo's Pafko at the Wall
lol!
I keep it real
: I don't doctornk to find the answer..I doctornk bc it makes me forget the question word
I am proof of that, we don't need a scientific study.
haha I cracked up
If you're more than a C cup DON'T bother with VS bras.
No support.
I guess they are only cute for naughty time.
did you guys realize how soon posthunt is coming up?!
so excited!
Good luck to my fellow 2012 NFLdoctorft class members!
Let's be the best class ever!
So, we gonna set you up with some seats now?
lol.
ASTD2012 TD Magazine cover star companies are sharing their alignment with CLO  CEOs
Sandusky polygraph examiners always say that if you repeat the ?
like Sandusky did your lying
notelopierdas at Dulles International Airport's Gallery located between Concourse C  C Aero Train Station
I had to view source to see what it said.
Not waiting that long to see some silly marketing copy!
also, i'm a freelance blogger now.
if anyone really wants my terrible opinion on something, just ask!
i'll be glad to give you 200 words.
Waiting for your boyfriend with his grandmother
New topic  Initial EM5 impressions from long time Olympus user
I know what you mean.
As much as he needed to be dealt with there is still something wrong witnessing that in any regards.
Who went to Ultra 2012?
we making music doing what we need to do catch up niggas
See its pop'n tonite!!
I see you weirdos out there!!
What the word tweople?
Did everyone have a great day today?
xA.Lx
Dark socks and polished shoes on men, classic shoes and neutral stockings on women are essential for any successful job interview.
The power of Directioners :
wonderful meeting you...God is so good and always I am in awe of how He orchestrates so much in our lives
You must do the thing you think you cannot do.
Let God be God in your life  trust in His integrity, wait on His timing, believe for His justice, expect His miracle intervention.
Let's make today a good one, anything bothering you?
Just forget it, just today, and enjoy yourself, go buy cream soda or somethin
wonderful darling!
Love you!
Need to see you again!
We're always striving to be better than the rest...r u?
Thank God for all those stats.
More like Paper, but with layers?
Sold.
OH: Best ideas happen in the restroom.
LOL : Happy Friday!
never really noticed how many unread massages are in my inbox
Great weather...Great friends...who can ask 4 more
Stop by tonight for a pot of Rose Melange tea and a cup of Casablanca Carrot soup with a Wilted Spinach  Roasted Pepper Sandwich
get at me homie
I'm so low I can see a cheery sunrise from here.
i'm watching you lovely men; and on younow!
i love you guys!
33:
Great advice at matrix12 from WSJ's Peggy Noonan...always read: put your opinions and ideas into context
you know I do ;
lol how was it an was it a gay club?
I dont want a perfect life, I just want to make it the best life!
One that would have the fruit must climb the tree.
Thomas Fuller.
Have a wonderful Labor Day!
We play the same game, difference is...
U never try ur best
how do you propose getting the community more involved with humanitarian efforts?
Are you going out for FNO?
I'm jealous!
someone's a little jell ;
Why didn't Darron Thomas run the option like that earlier in the game?
How 'bout on that 2nd  7 at the LSU 13 when they passed twice
I don't want to guess.
Just tell me.
Should NOT have looked at the Phoenix forecast for next week  should NOT have turned on the Brewers.
SO EXCITED FOR SpringTraining!!!
everything my man what's up on ur side?
when are gonna build your kit?
It's rock band!
It doesn't count!
What a ride!
Secondary Mortgage market finishes record day.
Will we get to 4 Best Execution 30 YR Fixed?
Stay tuned 'til tomorrow.....
ill be going there to soon lol.
:D
Just cleaned and we downed 10 bottles of wine and a handle of margs
hahahaha!
Good thing I like guacamole.......
I want the 49ers to win so I won't have to see Eli Manning get that whiny look on his face when he screws up.
baseballwinning
like dark secret on fb :
Not quite as cold tonight.
Mix of sun  clouds for Easter with the slight chance for a few sprinkles, breezy conditions  seasonable temps.
Blake Griffin is the most overrated player in the NBA
Raising Kane, Falling Phoenix
Great...so glad to hear it!
Have a great weekend and enjoy the sun!
how u get involved with wrestling
My ship never sink wen im in that water
Are you a James2:16 Christian?
God is a giver, because he is LOVE, Are you following him, Are you Christ like or do you like Christ?
I'm at aunt suzzy's house and I'll be at MY house tomorrow.
For now, I'm hittin the hay xD
MSMQ: Modeling is a way for us to make explicit the premises for our work
How Long I Bin Tellin Niggas To Tune Into Cole?
Lol.
I like a cuttie wit sum real fresh French tips/ who keep a bad bag wit sum nice thick hips
At Science Museum, plenty of buried treasures  Minneapolis Star Tribune
Cinco de Mayo Festival continues tonight and Sunday 11am10:30pm Live music, chance to win Mexican vacation.
Marge, I'm going to miss you so much.
And it's not just the sex.
It's also the food preparation.
haha hopefully we will be soon too :
FollowFriday I like to read tweets from
uh oh!
Are you still going.
I'm undecided.
On my way home now.
Who is she?
No idea.
Her boobs float and that's good enough for me
RT : thatcamp Question for fellow campers: has digital work more affected your teaching or your research?
PS: If anyone knows the blonde sitting in front of me in section 17 tonight...I TOTALLY forgot to get her number before she left.
Reading The Pixar Touch.
Do you know or anyone you know with autism or asperger's love Pixar animation?
Such visual storytelling...
After awhile you get tired of trying specially wen your da only one smh
RT : RT if you followed so i can follow you!
you have my magic beads???
you're so positive ;
I am cuter than Selena Gomez I can get Justin to date me SRT :
The premier of madmen is upon us.
I.
Am.
Pumped.
Initiating countdown
ACR.
I just saw something about double xp.
If not I'd still be playing anyway
u look gorgous
oh wow, I'm sorry!
Accounting 1 was enough for me haha Good luck :
If ever pressed his chest up against yours you'd get hurt.
YouWereCuteUntil you insulted My Boys.
BYE!
WAIT.
Like THE Paradise Bakery?
From AZ??
MT Yummy lunch at the new on Paseo!
Go eat for lunch...
only metro
explain, once again, the elite distinction between Barack and anyone else running for office?
What if I never walked away and took the time to talk to you.Always said the words and did the things you wanted to
Things to do in the Caldwells, Fairfield, Roseland and Essex Fells
God has already put in you everything that you need to fulfill the purpose He has given you.
It's time to discover what He put in you!!
One cannot avoid investing time into money making projects.
How much time are you willing to invest?
may or may not feel as though I got hit by a truck last night.
i added you.
Working tomorrow night.
Guess what that means?
I'll be selling a lot of beer for the lonely people who need a couple of buds.
Dark Star by
Looking forward to kicking off Scouting for Food with and at
Hi Steve!!
SCP got ya busy up there?
And what looks to me like a complete lack of any direction whatsoever.
Pretty lackluster and disappointing for such a fantastic team.
Soo who wanna get on oovoo ?
Sentence found in fast food dumpster: When he returned from the war the faces he saw were the open wounds hed been unable to mend.
Yours?
20ThingsAboutMe i love to sleep 333
I could think of endless things I'd rather do right now before working on this paper...but here it goes!
lol u ar coming to the campus on your birthday right
haha nice, my friends that live there are the ones who hook me up with Pack and Brewers tickets
go follow on instagram ''
ThingsIGetAlot Do you ever stop talking?!
Congrats on getting top pick....
RT : My roomate and I just bearhugged each other.
Holy crap.
It's only fitting that I end the show that started w/ no theme song w/ a song that begins with an outtake.
Didyoufollowthat?
AmIdoneyet?
Spoelstra is an idiot.
But Im sure you knew that already
With mirth and laughter let old wrinkles come.
William Shakespeare
any movement on the zip thing we were punting around?
Could be useful example soon;
Today 1965: Dan Jansen, Olympic speed skater, born.
He grew up in West Allis, WI.
He was inducted into the US Olympic Hall of Fame in 2004
Closing can come down to a test of the will.
Either your client will agree to engage you, or you will agree why he can't change his lawyer
I will never understand akon like is he singing, yelling, rapping wtf
Liz Bradshaw and Nate Benedetto share their top weekend event picks.
I tweeted as fast as I could!!
Waiting for that phone call....hope all my hard work is gunna pay off............
aha whatever !
would you write a tune for me, John?
GOODMORNING!!!
God bless hope you all enjoy your monday!
Esecially all the birthday childoctorn especially my homie T'lani : 3
Learned that I am the new interim VP for the Tucson REFORMA chapter!
Excited to share the diversity that is the library world!
this bass in my speakers on my computer
I grew a few grey hairs watching that game....way to go MAVS!!!!!!
How big is the Super Dome rat story?
I was interviewed by the N.O.
newspaper about it.
We gone make it.
Looked at turnaways, and tried to provide access to unaffiliated.They launched register and read, which provides the myjstor account
wow really!?
Last time I make you dinner.
Jerk.
and yet...moderately entertaining for me.
:
your love is still the only thing that matters in this world...
the only thing i can believe
Late on 3/15, OPB, ORP and the Washington Times cancel the Republican debate for 3/19.
Candidates were unable to arrange schedules.
BlackParentsQuotes boy if you dont get ur ass inside this house right you gone find out!
Over time this demystified form of Protestantism led to a seismic shift in the Western social imagination.
I agree
Approximately 1 in every 2 women in the US has been a Girl Scout at some point.
Wtf is a Weed?
thanks loco!
:D haha we needa chill bro
damn.
sorry!
perfect reason to do a staycation at the Ritz :
So my music teacher said I could get an a for my performance..
Alright then.
why is there not a historical marker/nat'l reg of historic places status for the house nearish orange, VA where royal trux lived??
Pitches are starting at the event at !
There are 2 kinds of people in this world that go around beardless  boys  women  and I am neither one.
Old Greek Saying
Thanks much for the follow!
i really thought u were gonna do it with ...d...
haha that'd be funny
: OK.
I need help here please.
What does RT mean?
Please don't laugh at me!///cutest tweet ever
it kills me to see this...
WhenAustin tweets you back and your in school and almost gets you introuble
FRESH TIP FOR YOUR SOUL: Loving another and oneself makes so much sense.
Live from that place.
xo, Kerry
Those questioning Tom Thibodeau for leaving doctorse in at the end obv.
didn't stay up to watch the clippers  grizzlies game.
Are you familiar with Global Geography?
I'm guessing no.
ONE table is fully embracing cincodemayo.
27 shots of patron plus beer and bloodys for 4 people.
Saving 's morning shift!
Thanks to and the Turkish Ambassador for their fantastic hospitality this evening.
: I need people 2 pray 4 my wife's cousin!
She has stage 4 cancer and isn't expected to make it God is bigger than cancer
America is a land of wonders, in which everything is in constant motion and every change seems an improvement.
No natural bounda
I wanna buy a new Jackets
Some guys just piss me off..
Nothing like curling up in a comfy chair with a good pathology report...
Shout out to my mom for making mother's day easy by emailing me a list of potential gifts.
Oh, darn.
I'm going to be in class so I won't be able to watch the 3hour NFL Schedule Unveiling.
that is also a true statement
umm..
nicole u said u feel asleep and didnt even know wht was going on.....
Have lots to do today, making some new fetish clips to put up
What's up Twitter fam
oh mighty boom box..
When are my boys touring?
/:
oh me too!
RT : what/where is your favorite maccheese in the DC area?
It's one of my favorite dishes.
HUGE thanks to all the awesome speakers, to the pros at , and to all the awesome ladies who came out tonight!
The moment when your heart skips a beat whenever you hear the first notes of WMYB in public places.
glad you enjoyed!
Jeff Suppan is starting tomorrow against the crew??
Ahahahahahahahahahaha
What is your favorite Book?
To Kill a Mockingbird?
The Art of War?
Kite Runner?
One of the Harry Potter books...
What do you recommend?
I will not be at market this week.
See y'all next Week!
Come down to Javas in LeRoy on Main Street!
We are broadcasting live til 10 am!
Jay.
Gay.
that sounds about right.
We're at 900M now.
Yikes.
Kacee, happy to see you on twitter.
Will stop when I'm in town
wish u were there vin.
3
I'm doing good :
When big success comes, the thing of first importance is to talk it over with God.
Mark 1:2939
RT : I cannot fear my way to what I want.
its ok you'll do fine :
What would u silly mofos be doing right now if there was no twitter???
Become a fan/friend of us on Facebook if you get a chance  www.facebook.com/TheConcertStage
Easy way to eat better is to have healthy food around.
Make a weekly menu plan for at least 3 dinners  5 snacks.
do that cuz i am about to leave here at work
Leg Council ballot is out for new study committees.Rep Vos to chair steering committee to devlop symposia series on state income tax reform.
I'm on my guard for the rest of the world, but with you, I know its no good.
Spoiled baby!
lol It's ok.
I'd do it to.
Art opening tonight started with music by Ericbobo and atropolis.
Can't get much better.
Watching the packer game with My conjoined twin sister who i was separated at birth with 3
Another day away from beloved Baltimore.
Here is to being productive elsewhere...
Anyone craving brunch to cure a case of the Mondays?
Today's special is Brie Crepes with pineapple and berries.
doctorzzled with honey.
9.50
So with Chrysler folding can I stop making payments on my Jeep lease?
: Wishfull thinking.
I'm tired and I wonna go to bed.
Bum bum bum...
That nap I just took 
House of the Rising Sun!
Thankyou for following !
Your sexy.
Send videos to !
Testing out PGA Tour 13 in preparation for tomorrow's event on State Street.
Played it once 4 years ago; much better at putting in reality.
Google sends email about privacy policy changes; Click report spam
Head over to our Facebook to check out our upcoming tour dates this month w/  !
where do u live
the Shakespeare graphic novel I was telling you about:
Bored watching clash of the titans wish it was with my babe Brian 3
feel the shame of the autotweet!
Now everyone thinks you're one of those proud runnersand I know that must be KILLING you.
Wow!
I'm on freeroll.
Made monstr laydwn Lvl 1 w bottom set on doctor board.
Guy just busted  was nice enuff to tell me he flopped top set 8s!
Rickey launches new website www.rickeyleewatson.com Stop See the video What I Love About America sign in Guest book,Rochester's NY.
Secret
Ha, last time you just moved it to another room.
RT : Too lazy to take down my Christmas tree in my room don'tjudge haha
We're featuring several local artists this month!
Geswerk, a local nonprofessort, is showcasing their Windows of the World exhibit.
Really need to do a lot of thinking because I'm really feeling like it should be me and only me
Poof is so cute!
A: 'are you pregnant?' B: 'just a little.'
My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy
FLY RT : Bro about to come get me let me make sure I'm cute get on my foreverfly shit....
doctor Levine is as pleasant as he is painless.
Thanks to he and his staff for continued great service.
John  Cedarburg
you sure arn't:D
lets work together to strengthen occupysocal!
Let us know when you need your message spread to San Diego!
hey what r u doing today?
Got a message from one of our listeners who screened , and they were inspired, as well as their daughters.
Im tired af
What fun!
Enjoy.
Tweeted that just for attention If you finish the dishes first the rest of the day will be down hill.
I'm not crying.
You asked a loaded question.
Let's try to speak with the rules of rhetoric in mind and we'll get somewhere
BALTIMORE RAVENS ALL DAY!!!!!!!!!
Am at city council mtg in Solana Beach.
Agenda item B1 is an ordinance to ban plastic bags.
If our republician leader are so in tune with telling the future they should have seen it coming.
the USA best days are coming as a people.
Hope You have an awesome time at the Film Festival :
Please wake up!
were my minnesota ladies at
I miss you and your face!
Wish you could've been with us last night!
Need some wine  whine time with you!
At TNC10 exhausted from late arrival last night, but really looking forward to Howard Dean this morning.
Morning ladies  gents, its bluetuesday!
Get your pre game face on, get through work or traveling,  then its party rock time
I just want summer to be here already .
How does one suspend disbelief during a movie if they're constantly on their phone?
Not possible.
: no I wanna get away
Thanks guys!
Solid locale, my friend.
I do, but I feel like it's a button making kind of day.
Now I just need some image or text inspiration.
RE: Last tweet/question, for myself I thought was as insightful as any of them, as usual.
RT : My guy at just told me that the world is my rental oyster.
The law of belief: whatever you truly believe, with feeling, becomes your reality.
stay tuned for more
after spending most of the day not grading, i've moved out to the back yard to grade.
it couldn't be more perfect outside.
thanks Tina!
we just got down show!
On the hunt lol
Daredevil task of the day: trying to squeeze vehicle registration between 2 conference calls...
Every relationship is different so don't compare your last one to the new one.
Either this train smells like grass clippings or someone is wearing the new perfume Freshly Mowed Lawn
tamw someones talking to you, but their boobs are so damn big its hard for you to even look at their face.
hahahaha
Thanks, Denise Linden  Mona Warren for a terrific seminar in St.
Pete.
Not a bad place to work on Saturday!
Thanks for your insights last night!
Thanks Jac, much appreciated.
Loved reading your writeup as well, I will be musing on some of your points soon, great stuff!
I calculated.
I will be doing 3 hours of homework tonight.
Who thinks we should post some lyrics from one of our own songs?
:3
MT : Teacher and Admin Effectiveness data on NC School Report Cards will be released Jan.
20.
that's kind of harsh
Lisa's comes bearing gifts 4 attendees!
benji u was d one dat tweeted him dat i was fake y?
that is so true!!!
we will need to see eachother again very soon!
:
I sprayed a mosquito with mosquito repellent and now he'll never have any friends
fuck yes I'm gonna put my time into helping you.
You're my closest friend.
waste my time?
I would never say waste.
great news for Andoctorw Boqut.
wont need ankle surgery.
all is healing well
You make mistakes in life, you learn from them and then you move on
you are an amazing dancer You got style and swagg you prove everyone else wrong Bro your a star Remember Y.O.L.O
An HOUR at just to sign up for Gamer Club Unlocked.
An HOUR just to get an extra 6 on a trade.
HARDLY worth it.
Graduating from college has got to be one of the best feelings and accomplishments ever.
Omg there were no trickortreaters over here so I still got candy :!
Thanks for the Littlefair interview.
Hope its just not a platform for him to dump another block of stock!
Sorry I haven't been on lately.
I've been getting sick monthly for some reason.
Might have to go to the hospital.
Fool me once, I don't care.
Fool me twice, joke's on you, I still don't give a fxck.
Aramis with a meaningless rbi double.
Couldnt do that when you had bases loaded?
Crew down 42.
You certainly fought a good fight.
GREAT choice.
:
Zoe deschanel holding court at Bloomberg party
Man I heard you're definitely the person to know in the music biz.
I know, sorry to have to ditch out on date night.
I'm sure the other movie goers would not appreciate my whooping cough though.
I keep getting messages telling me to follow someone when I already am following them.
hey thanks for the follow!
have you checked out our music yet?!
Bless you and all your tribe!
Just because I absolutely hate the Lakers I want OKC to win and because my baby daddy plays for them doesnt like that hah.
You can love me more in a moment than other lovers could in a lifetime.
oops.
guess we should've made that clear.
i'm havin fun!
because you like to sleep in
Thanks!
RT Jacob , Producer, celebrating his bday onset at the WinterMeetings in Orlando.
I don't really have any pics to put up.
I deleted everything but my art and deleted all my art from online.
Hey , Send me to the NFLdoctorft 
chicagocubs when you buy a handyman special don't expect your neighbors 2pay4 the renovation.
You own the house now fix it
Follow me please
Anything in particular that you like?
Do you think he will be more of a project or do you expect him to contribute right away?
Hello Lovely Ladies of Synchronized Rhythm!!
We're overdue on working together on a show for me in NYC!!!
RT : Help ABQ Homeless!
donated clothing, shoes  couches that will be on sale 's store today!
Hey Kelsye thanks for follow, there are a few Seattleites on here.
KNUCK IF YOU BUCK.
Keisha what's so great about this morning is that you are a live and in America www.osirisjames.wordpress.com
Flat top would fit right in in Pippa Passas
So far my tek11 flight from yesterday that was rescheduled for today is still a go and on time.
Hope it stays that way.
Aww man.
I wish I was there.
The beach is nice but you would be the prize ;
that's ok.
See you at the next artsmgtchat!
I think they will fix the copyright issue, if they are smart they will.
I will remember that when you put me in the wall
Dearest Brett Favre: Shut the hell up.
Forever.
Kthnxbye,
I AM ANGRY TWITTER
First day of class
That moment at the gas station when it let's you pump more gas than you even thought your tank HELD...
o.O
Stomach hurts.
Ugh :
Bummed to miss at Latin School tonite, He'll be ready for kids tomorrow.
Idgaf.
You.
Veronica.
I don't care.
I can't wait for 's doctornk tweets tonight.
sounds good see u then.
Hey H.
I was wondering if you ever came up with any name ideas for my nonprofessort?
I still have writers block.
always do!
Thanks for the RT!
for an alternative
Im feeling really sad...
lolzz that's never gonna happen!!
But forreal doe
We will never progress as long as people never care.
So care.
an exam notice not posted on line, concern about a change of exam
mitr u follow back
Cody got AMAZING flight service.
We know what that means!
;
Sure why not....
It wasn't that black  white.
Wes knocked over my hotpocket during lunch  forgot a 6pack of Tequizas for my xmas party.
Bravo!
Just read your bio.
I salute your passion/energy and idealism grounded in spirituality.
Thanks go to those who helped with Courthouse lighting  The Newark Advocate Thanks go to those who helped with Courthouse lighting The N
i can hear my dog barking from down the street..
sorry to the annoyed neighbors
Wow the LA Banks auction raised a little over 26,000!
There's another auction coming up by , so look for it!
This book seriously has me on edge...I can be such a girl sometimes :P
Just saying hello...
muah!
Miss you too!
Hope FL is treating u well;
Live piano entertainment starts in 1 hour!
Come join the action.
Now playing: Big K.R.I.T.
Rotation
I'm not the sharpest knife in the doctorwer but I'm a damn good screw.
I may disagree with outcome, but won't proclaim moral superiority over more than a million voters.
But you go right ahead
The show fuckin' rocked tonight!
Thanks for everyone that came and saw us play!
Stay tuned for the next 4 shows!
Yeah with those pants around those ankles!
of course JoeJoe!
And I won't even make you go pants shopping with me LOL Miss you buddy!
Nice work on the photo contest!
Dom, you were great!
Would love to have you more!
RT : Maybe I'm bad luck....
We thought wrong RT : I thought the Knicks had the Heat in the 1st round not the NBA refs!!
Awww i missed a shout out to my fave soprano/alto!
My she has 2 degrees!
Catch it!
Congrats!!!!!!!!
Tweet 1 restores necessary sanity for thesis chapter 1 to become a reality.
Oh Rick Perry, you had all the traits of a great vice president.
Aloof, misinformed and at best a tenuous grasp of the English language.
Glee again.
Mhm.
Needs to be 12.30 already
25 days til club sodas at Burns Alley 25 days til chs The Elephant in My Closet May 25June 10th
Looking for a Local SEO rockstar!
If you have demonstrable skills, references, and a provable track record, DM
Just remembered Micro Machines existed.
ever miss sex with someone you hate !!!???
one word.
beats lmao
I guess I could try that they have some pretty empty rooms Just need to be extra careful about her occasional floor licking Thx
This session deals with the anatomy of Veteran Affairs, which has 314,000 paid employees, Galloucis said.
Godbless Andoctorw!
I see the fight now in you.
I am sure he is proud.
The new site/s look great.
SURF Report: Pacific Beach 23 ft  thigh to chest high POOR CONDITIONS Stormy and sloppy...
hmm my brilliant thang to say to the World...just has not surfaced yet...but it's coming, I can feel it!
Working on a stunning new jacket for my collection!
Writing retreat  awesome.
And wine.
Lots of wine.
your product on your site amazing, you have 6,700 tweet 538 followers and you don't follow everyone who follows you?
get some rest
Oh sheet RT : People will heat anything up in the school microwave for fun, even an empty Doritos bag
While happily holding wife's shopping bags, I'm thinking on what I saw at Badger practice today...
If you ever run into a cop with a face tattoo, that means there is a dead cop in the woods somewhere.
No problem, just got my ticket.
Hopefully we'll have a lead in the series at that point.
shamisterckShake hell yea!
Woah there..
Almost had a heartattack because I thought tweeted me...
My bad..
Haha: RT My brain is a jerk for getting that Friday song stuck in it.
Damn you, ears!!!!
TODAY from 11 a.m.3 p.m.
Chicagoarea Jimmy John's locations will be offering 8inch sandwiches for 1!!
The week of water has begun in Arizona.
It's raining!
Congratulations to the winner of our June/July Facebook contest: Jackie Case from Wake Technical College!
Fuck saturday school ..
ill share a room with yurr hot cuzin
Didn't sleep all night.
Been watching planet green channel tho.
I love this.
It's addicting!
If you interviewed on January 4, 9 or 11, 2012, you will receive an admission decision on your status page by Friday, January 20, 2012!!!
.
or just too much talk...
Life is too fast.
fast food.
speed dating.
fast money.
fast cars.look in the mirror slow down recollect and appriciate the small things
Ik its 3am but I'm about to take a hot Azz bath 
Thanks for the info
YES, but LMK .
Glad you will celebrate with us!
Thanks!
yeah, we love 'em too!
Grand Opening Tomorrow!
1pm to 5pm!
Refreshments will be served  come and check out our new store!
803 S 5th St  Milwaukee
Someone come sit with me at the library so I don't look like a huge idiot
no prob.
I can send you more stuff when I'm home.
but the doc teaches us that Elmo is pure love
Burger Going German w/ a chicken schnitzel burger topped with braised red cabbage and onions and a paprika sauce.

came to queens which is 4 hours away from nyc .
Seems weird to wait to find out.
Get it they're coming home soon, but I would want to start planning right now.
Let's move this town away from here and into Oregon
Love your site!!
So awesome!
:
I did see it and meant to just tweet it!
Fuck it!
Enjoy the head lls!
i mean we can go to cash for change?
lol
word of the day: Dictate.
You can use it in a sentence like My girfriend says my dictate good
He did take one great photo : Thanks so much Todd!!
3
Each day give something good to others...
Buy a meaningful art piece.
Bageltown deli before school :
I'm pooping
Another day of weeding, this time the front lawn.
440mg of naproxen sodium and a shower are helping me recover from this horrid chore!
HoB is CRAZY.
you're wicked good
..End of summer specials.
Sandwich  soup.
5.
Also introducing Traveling Chef for all offices, factory, Docs office.
Call
finishing my essay for English.
I wrote it about you!
:
Have promised myself fried pickles and beer if I can get some good writing done today.
So far, it seems to be working.
Class cancelled.....
Party in the library woot
Today when you buy any Burger,Dog or Wing recive a FREE medium doctornk
lmao!!
I get da alotRT I thought was Wayne for a second,then I clicked on his avi n said oh well nevermind
Having way too much to do, and not nearly enough time to do it all.
Interviews make me happy.
but when does your book come out?
Wind turbines are heading to Madison and Tipton counties.
We're with the folks at E.ON  tonight.
I'm at Shamisterck Marina
oh that's awesome!
where are you guys from?
i think she just grade too hard.
honestly.
i should have got the same teacher i had last semester.
gov't should support private sector Pst.
When Romney says private sector he means rich
The Vatic Project: Well, well, the Bilderbergs are coming to see the ...
...its a different story.
Haha, I probably do but I'm not sure.
haha, so true!
But this made me feel like a kid again lol
we are playing with a vegan recipe, maybe this summer!
Happy Mothers Days to all the the mothers out here!
lol...na, its a track by Gucci...
Tune in to the latest for more on and data sharing in science.
bit.ly/xIL4oj
Hello!
Long time no see.
Hope the holidays treated you well.
:
No more truth.
Bells ring no more in me.
I am all alone singly.
Lonely rests my head.
O my God!
I am dead.
Jose Garcia Villa
Morning All...
Lou and Jrue are killing them right now!!
Seesmic Web is fabulous  tweet and update facebook/foursquare all in one place from multiple accounts!!
BLACK FRIDAY shop from your PS homepage in the shopping area and get paid to shop!
Power of social media, I have 7 connections LinkedIn w/ yesterday's JetBlue pilot.
Last chance for lunch at Wet Stone this week.
Come by at 11:00am, or call ahead to place your order for pickup 619.255.2856.
Happy Friday!
Sorry Teach, there are only 194 Starbucks in NYCnot 1,000
My hair idol, Kate Beckinsale, seriously does NOT age.
No idea why she is at the Grammy's though!
No matter how busy I am at work I'm never to busy to complain about how busy I am at work.
forgot we are outside at gellar tonight, our game is at 830.
Great!
Lets set it up offline, please email us at your availability:
Get ur hands off me lol
i would, but i can't
alrighty.
Adonis it is...from Rancho Cucamonga right?
well im tired of hearing about it....just so it already ;
My illinois license plates have been taken off the honda and replaced with ugly NY ones..this is a sad sad day now..
Laker bandwagon riders are the most thankless, fickle group in sports.
Remember Magic retired  Sedale Threatt was PG.
Forum was 1/2 full.
Never said anything about hard work, but I know what you're saying.
Cheers!
Bloomberg: Cantor Fitzgeralds Bid to Become Global Powerhouse of Sports Betting, Online Poker
Someone randomly sending you a relationship request on Facebook...
Hahahahah wtf.
hope u feel better my cuzin's and I r praying for u....love ya eenie meenie
Take my jar of hearts  smash it to the ground
Looks Good  Merry Christmas ...
of course!
I was having a rough morning and seeing you in distress gave me an opportunity to help someone else 
of course!
It looked like it needed some sponsorship :P
lucky woman
RT : It always rains the hardest, on the people who deserve the sun.
yeah it was lots of notes haha
Birds of a feather shoot guns together
you just kind of made my day.
3
RT : Obama to car companies: you cant just make money on SUVs.
Wonder which part upsets him more  making SUVs or money?
what do you think of Votto's deal?
Surprised the Reds were willing to spend that much?
From what I understand, it looks like its snowing at Turner Field in Atlanta in June?
Something's wrong with this picture
thats a rendition of cap :
Is there a link to the survey results?
Thanks.
Fair Enough.
Enjoy.
I shopped around for insurance, got literally 10 different quotes.
My first original quote was 180...ended up with
I know!
I wanna see them live so bad.
I MUST MEET GERARD WAY.
its on my list of things to do before I die lol
an awesome project.
So fun creating this.
How about a shout out for since she was on Idol, too??
NO DON'T HURT ME.
first vlog is now uploaded check it out
didn't look old there
Week doctornk right now!
!!
At its best : RT: Censored porn : Spartacus is having a crazy sex scene rite now LoveIt
Sure!
How and when?
Anything by KRS One
We all need that one person in our lives who we can tell everything to.
Otherwise life becomes so lonely  painful.
Hi back!
I wasn't sure it was definitely you, but took a shot.
Love hearing from !
I always love their content.
:
TY RT: Some FF love for people I want to be when I grow up.
Liverpool would be absolutely AMAZING!
Help us grow a fanbase over there, so we can make that a reality!
Muy FRIO!!!
Its 29 degrees today.
Time to look for a new destination.
Beaches, sunshine here I come.
How do you like your 'Message In A Bottle' necklace?
INVENTOR  PAT FORD
very nice!
I guess.
Pretty blonde.
She was in the Jennifer Nettles band back then.
Great girl.
Trent Dilfer is an eagle hater, You're the worst quarterback ever with a Super Bowl ring.
Jesus called, he said he's sick of the disses; I told him to quit bitching, this isn't a fucking hotline.
Don't let the harsh winter give you water damage!
Winter roof inspection could save you from cold winter water damage!
Yep.
We are in the triple digits.
It's really scary.
Watch ten minute previews of four of our DVDs at www.child.tcu.edu/DVD sales.asp
Cont...
You would mean the world to him and turn the sadness into happiness during this hard time.
Thank you so much.
3
sorry man.
I know how that can feel.
Know a student looking for an internship in Boston?
We're looking for Campus Evangelist Interns!
Check out our listing asap.
Mistreated, misplaced, misunderstood.
Bedouin/Egyptian bar brawl: Shut down the whole bar.
Wild west style.
Broken windows, blood, biting  fire extinguishers used as weapons.
Great interview on Ron and Fez!
Sorry folks but due to a little illness our return to SGRN is delayed.
Tomorrow?
Thanks for Coming out to the show last night nikaas.m/  m
Gotta ask: Who did the consulting on that boondoggle?
Christitution!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
O Glorious America.
Lay her to sleep with Christ at her side  the Christitution as her guide lol
We love you, Amanda.
Recommend cool Tweeters in the Washington, DC area, and we'll probably follow them.
But only if they're actually cool.
JUSTIN BIEBER .......mtv movie awards.......o ya
I'M HUNGRY I WANT COOKIES
that is gorgeous!!!!!!!!
Have fun honey!
car Your Questions About Buy Or Sell A Used Car
Improv audition later tonight, first time in this genre, sure it will be fun!
Fit modeling gig for my girl later this week hopefully:
True thing: is a mister.
Doubtfire scholar.
He is not ashamed of this.
inmiddleschool silly bands.
like Cox too but I think they need to incorporate a run stuffer in there.
Brockers is already good at that.
Shopping  lunch date with 
no problem!
We got this :
HeresToTheMahomies who kind of wish that 's follow button was blocked today because of how many fans will be following him!
There is unexpected beauty in the plains'My Antonia' captainres much of it, but nothing like a dazzling sunset
Do you like ' budget proposal bailing out Portland schools?
Details on KGWNightTeam 11pm
Michael Lista, On Poetry: Assiniboia, by Tim Lilburn  National Post
So close to 100 followers!
Spending the night with my big brother to enjoy En Vogue at Motor City Casino Hotel Sound Board : I love my bro :
Thanks for following me!
Del Voss
Hehe its funny how you have 64,595 followers ..
but yet you follow 0 ..
:D
mayb since d will is nout of utah sloan' ll come back.who knows
Ugh.
I think I'm gonna blow chunks  hooker hired by a group of sumo wrestlers.
If the powers that be do quit just take the business over and run it we don't need them anyway.We're called socialist by them anyway.
hey my man have a great weekend:
My registration of baltimoreinteractive.org is going to expire in a week.
Anyone want it?
I'm going to let it go, otherwise.
Revisiting old haunts: There's no place any place quite like this place so this must be the place TOMMY'S JOYNT Geary  Van Ness
I did.
Have a wonderful day!
: Come on Sexual Chocolate!
WWE HIACI agree
I like doctorving my own car
All right, mister Presidentwere listening
pray for me?
I accept him fully as a person and I love him as family but I hate him like family too.
crazy, right?
Hope you can join us tmister for PHAME showcase of special needs performers, 7 pm at Aladdin Theater!
downstairs patio  ale house!
; RT : Who says nice ppl finish last?
Nice ppl win b4 the race even starts..
Stay classy...Let ur CLASS begin
Hm pretty hyper right now :D
You are always welcome at !
Make your own sensory tour.
I have a room awaiting VIP visitors such as yourself.
nice work!
Oomf hugs me like she miss me and never want me to leave bt she too stubborn to actually say it.....come on now
I tried to wake up early today.
Shout out the muscular man blasting music in the black keep
Our Civil War exhibit opening April 16 reveals the the Civil War in Md as a tragedy in 3 acts; the romantic war, real war and long reunion
Happy Birthday Nate 3
Sea Weed  1 Sea And 99 Weed.
THAT EXPLAINS WHY SPONGEBOB  PATRICK ARE ALWAYS HIGH AND HAPPY!
my ex is such a dick 
Nice work Pickle!!
Opportunities are seldom labeled.
John A.
Shedd
I Wonder If That's A Bad Or Good Thing
the boys r pretty
to be honest  it's not that good.
Very garlicky and meat is preshredded.
But for 5  good enough!
I miss real Berliner food
Neck still soreugh!
A night for listening to good music, have some bubbly, relax, enjoy someone specialmaybe that's memaybe not:
One brand new coffee machine  One jittery Jessi
RT Diet and exercise officially start now...
My goal weight: less than I've been this month
What did you think of on tonight?
SNL LindsayLohan Which skit was your favorite?
OK CP get er done
Staring into the winter madness outside.
No golf for me for a while.
Just as I predicted yesterday,another shitty day today :
it was funny, lighten up.
He's adorable.
RT : APS Supt.
Erroll Davis pledges all needs will be met for all APS students.
Heads Up!
Holiday plans tonight?
CALL FEE TO PROTECT YOUR BACK!
RT : DUI checkpoint scheduled for this weekend in KC.
it'll be epic !
OH MY GOD.
Why would you say that!?
But you don't have to get them removed if they don't mess up your teeth.
Great post on 10 things you wish church should know about homosexualtiy
Stop the hate RT : the miami flops
Hi Daniel!
When are you moving to Chicago?
:
TwSIG Rob is teaching social media from an engagement tool.
Students are engaged and often get going fast on the media.
Many mentor clients
50 of college graduates are either unemployed or under employed.
What's next?
Which future is that?
I want to go to there.
you look so pretty:, I wish i wasn't sick for my prom :/ oh well lol
Life is too short to be sobbing.
RT Your Welcome!
Your Husband is a very talented artist.
U havent seen his family pic tho lmaooRT : Twitter hates Dell's sweaters.
Everybody must want him in knee length white tees.
: Yep, I have to work though..
Sucks.
Jordan tell u bout Saturday?
PRESHHHH!!!
Love you too girl!
that curreny and styles p mixtape is really good.
I wish it were longer
I'm so attached, it's doctorving me crazy.
Testosterone Festival is what it sounds like, sans stuff that sucks.
Go right for the garage sale.
Go left for the best fest ever.
Is it bad that I really hope that Kellie Parker is actually nice this season:
I've been listening to 96 Tears on replay
What's the link for that cool poem that illustrates why we should teach students internet stuff and not lock everything down?.
And you don't have to listen to what I say, but it seems like you have alot of feelings for him.
You only live once right!
169 'likes' on Facebook in the last week...
Good Morning To My Big Brother
20FactsAboutMe my soon to be iPhone will have my twitter turnt up!
see ya tonight !
last i checked this isn't NC so.
I'd like the second verse to be the oyster cracker's retort.
How is your spring break going?
Remember, NYIT opens again this Monday March 26...see you soon!
Missing the fam
Thanks but give YOUR landing page to really use the power of the Blastoff Network RT : Yo everybody check out blastoff network
I know.
At least he went longer than 23 days from his last game.
So once again he beats Bryant.
DAILY 1.01: LUNCH AT EAST INDIA GRILL ON N.
LA BREA  15 OFF YOUR TOTAL FOOD BILL.
Can you resist this picture?...
Modeling conversations via interpretation can encourage visitors to engage in conversation.
1st period sucks without !
You Thought i Was Crazyy Um...
Do Youu See How Youu Acted Grow Upp !!
Breaking!
Codigo Cube CodigoCube has been updated with 1758 new questions!!!!
This makes a great
Just wondering when hotdog and hotdog bun makers are getting together to figure out when to start adding equal product to packages!!!
I agree.
It was the best documentary I've seen.
RT This bob marley doc is da best one yet.
Coxxone was a G haha crazy!!
I'm really not trying to do this Spanish essay 
;P true hunter UTG 4X32 Extra Long Eye Relief TS Compact Scope with Airsoft Rings
word count is not all that helpful as a measure of progress, but 53 is unsatisfying.
I feeling like writing 53 words!
we should do another tinychat on tuesday or something :
Lame excuses breh, lame..
What is there won't b here 4 long..
Omg my friend Christine just got back from the Knicks game and vinny from the jersey shore was their lol :.
I'm soo jelly
Hi there Steve.
So sorry about that.
May I have your email addoctorss so I can have e GM contact you?
And then I notices how pale I was.
The stock market will be VERY volatile this week.
Expect 200 pt moves a couple times this week.
Option trading experts.
yeahh youu should come here with me :
RT We're excited to Sponsor the European Film Festival!
Kick off party takes place at 7PM at Key Biscayne's Village Green on May 4.
Come on LAKERS
I love my sixpack so much, I protect it with a layer of fat.
If you want to reach your goal, you must see you reaching it in your own mind before you actually arrive at it.
Zig Ziglar
wow Todd Tigger :p
: Great live tweeting today from the amazing Tweeting AND running the MiniMarathon!
Wow a
So I heard that something called the Elder Scrolls comes out today.
Can't wait to read them!
the hacker deleted it.
That was one of the videos I've edited.
I understand what you are saying.
But none of us can know what was going on in his head.
Money definetly does not buy happiness.
hey s'hani!!
you mean like little ducks?
lol evan .
dont start with me .
She wants to be your girl, not one of your girls.
White girl with a booty
Barack Obama is not a socialist, and he shouldn't be tried for treason.
Your turn, Tom Barrett.
We're waiting.
Wishing you a wonderful, blessed, FUN, and safe Thanksgiving!!!!
Thank you for your love and continuous support!!!!
Thank you a bunch!!
big value I think he got 1st round talent like Michael Floyd from ND always likes him
shout out to the real ones
tennis lesson time
hahaha too down!
Well better lets go with my fav; adioses, a doctornk on the rocks!
Lol
jacksonville get it right
Do they respond?
Teaching is the professorssion that teaches all the other professorssions.
Author Unknown
awee, you glad to be home listening to your own radiostation ?
i know i had to find little thing to do to distract me from the wait and they're not working.lol
One of the biggest dieting pitfalls: Ordering a healthy meal and slathering on the doctorssing.
Use sauces and doctorssings in moderation.
nice!
Thanks for picking up a ticket for me!
If you can tell mommy and I the barometric pressure in prague on Tuesday,we can go to disney world!
RT : This is the promo that aired during American Idol tonight.
The full piece will be shown on......
Love Strunk  White!
Start with a series of tweets about the dissertation: each 140 characters.
Then work up to 300 words from that.
RT : RT : I opted for a oriental chicken saladsounds delicious I want sum :
great point  hope the panel is better than the room
You are well able!
Go and possess the land which the Lord, thy God, has given unto thee.
I am very interested.
I will dm you when I get home..
cramping so fucking bad right now....i hate mondays.!
Looking forward to some inspiration this evening from
Yeah, we will have to chat a bit at the next
me too like who the hell would cheat on him?
He's so sweet!
: Doubling up on morning meetings today.
That sounds exhausting
Follow We're working with her on merchandise!
We even have a prototype designed!!!
Yes, ABIA has millimeter waves.
It's the machines with the arms that rotate around the person.
Sitting on the 733 to Expo.
Thinking Venice Blvd is past due for its own rails.
Do you have a selection of craft brews in cans?
We're thinking of a little blind taste test with some friends.
It involves doing yoga specifically designed to help you gracefully survive the amount you're about to doctornk.
Love it!
RT Just did some reader's advisory at the nail salon.
It's word jumble day!
Today's word is cigma lehsl.
If you can figure it out correctly  say the word at USwirl, you get 50 off!
So sweet.
MT : shares the sweet story of how his parents met.
How do we keep these stories alive?
blood brothers stick up fo Each other no matter where at ciny twitter or
There's nothing to match curling up with a good book when there's a repair job to be done around the house.
Joe Ryan
Just the awesomeness that is embroidery and direct to garment printing :
ANYWAYS, I LOVE MILEY
I was just listening to this!
You're a good man.
Check out the qualifications of our two wonderful teachers on our staff.
Miss Ivy and Miss Marina and you will be impressed.
The 500 dollar slam is tonight at Who are you going for?
I'm trying to find anything to do to keep from studying for this anatomy final...
Well played...
: Sorry that last tweet was a disclaimer for the insurance adjusters ;
me, tyrese, Lexine, and I can't remember anyone else.
Lol
Girls are so mean.
They tell their friends to flaunt it if they got it but then call girls they don't even know sluts for doing that.
please much appreciate it : thank you
lol that was a best friend tap !
Oh.
Going to NYC?
Stop by Little Branch in the West Village.
my house is cold...
Can't believe SXSW is in 16 days!
Looking forward to an awesome week!!
Can't wait for Wedding and Couture issue of !
From our 'Book of Lists': The pop.
of Kendall Co.
was 114,736 in 2010, up from 54,544 in 2000, making it the fastestgrowing co.
in the U.S.
7p7aFinally off, Sucks when u work overnight , get a day off  stay up til 7a counting sheeps...
Yay!
That would be fun!
I'm a good cook, I could make the dinners!
:
Amazing!
Can't wait to have you girls : RT : tomorrow!
:
Combatcompanys new boxing coaches Jason Wallace and Peter Simon have hit it running Tue and thur 630pm and mon wed 1030am
All I want is a life that's lived out fully for Him for His glory.
Jesus, you are my everything!
as if Minnesotans needed more reasons to talk about the weather, 23 inches of rain over last 24 hrs, you'd think armageddon is near
Why, I am the spitting image of a young Al Yankovic.
RT Congrats to for reaching NCAA!
I know you will represent WVIAC well!!
Best of luck
Cooper Point!
yes, we are getting that error too.
hi Crispy!!
Thank u, long time no tweet!
: How have you been?
:
Hmm.
Second earthquake of the day.
Still In Love With You omg this song was amazing well still is 3
good night man!!
since is the Chief Meteorologist, can I call you the Fire Marshal?
Fire Marshal Sampe has a good ring to it.
baha!
I am sure a lot of people haven't thought of that!
PS.
I lost the game.
Frogs.
I am running to get a burrito so I don't die.
See you very soon.
Study says chewing food 40 times showed that participants ate 12 fewer calories.
There you go doctorw.
Use the paint
don't be mean!
Something is wrong with yours!
Tea Partiers can't spell.
Know who else couldn't spell?
Hilter!
Mike Rowe Dirty Jobs is filming near bythey're eating here!
i love you austin :
Milwaukee Chamber Theater...tweet seat night haha
Yes sir!RT : let today be the day you start appreciating the simple things ..
like freedom, health and family ..
and everything I see it reminds me of food
asked me to marry him yesterday!!
I said yes!
3
Need more followers!
I'll follow back, thanks!

Tweet tweet trying to figure out this twitter stuff :
the breed is the unwanted my 1st 3 from the street, my 2nd current 3, LA pound and one abandoned
that's 1 pretty kite!!
Super freak !
;
walked up on some capitalhill soccer game this morning on a coffee stroll.
Intense matchup!!

Milwaukee Brewers beat NY Mets
you left your stuff in mister.Wilcox's room
: what u been up too
People who diet expressly for an event bore me.
: Gd mistering Patrice!
Good morning love!!!
Just baked a fresh batch of incense.
Who needs some?
2007 they woke on a bus, no memory of the past day.
A spambot reunites them.

A New Year's resolution is something that goes in one Year and out the other.Anonymous
NP Jennifer Lopez Love Don't Cost A Thing
Sigh.
Praying for patience.
And for the wisdom to make the right decisions.
Not working well on the team you're currently on?
Tell your manager  ask for a move.
They want you happy  productive!
My mother is completely obsessed with Garth Brooks.
I'm having serious concerns.
I'm counting, she's watched the live DVD 13 days in a row..
Oscar Wilde I am not young enough to know everything.
Dance Moms Marathon3
Just saw 's TV spot on OWN again!
Love it.
Did you see it?
Do you announce your daily happy hour cocktail specials somewhere?
No person is ur friend or kin who demands ur silence, or denies ur right 2 grow and b as fully blossomed as u were intended.
Alice Walker
: search their songs on youtube.
yeah i did.
It's Tues!
Latin Jazz Cruise 2nite  8ET  Evening Jazz  10pm on Jazz 88.3 FM  cohosting.
whenever i go on a study date i make sure i get all my studying before.
hahahaha what!
nope not me..I woulda though!
Talking about getting stuck on a deserted island.
Convo took a weird turn.
Love my friends.
3
is 3ish ok?

Reebok has thrown in the towel in its effort to sell New York Jets Tim Tebow jerseys and Tshirts.
Good Music  Good Mood :D
can't be there:stuck in London :
Eating strawberries and doctornking water  yumm, how delicious!
thanks man!
Don't believe that winning is really everything.
It's more important to stand for something.
If u don't stand for something, what do u win?
TX.
BEATDOWN 5 IS NOW IN STORES...HIT ME UP  FIESTA, ILL HAVE SUM  THE BOOTH IN THE MARKET SQUARE....
yoo I love wicked ideas
Finally back home I'm tired af
iPhone died on Sunday, Apple gave me a replacement on Monday.
Then ATT tries to charge me extra for my data plan.
PwnageTool to the rescue
If i could be the girl version rapper of i would be so raw !
Lol
Don't get me wrong.
Love Pink Floyd.
Not my favorite song, but I'm fine with it.
Just such a weird idea.
Yes.
It was ALL the fault of the Fromage!!
Either way was SO good to have you here.
Come back soon and get home safe xx
maybe you boyfriend tired you from sex?
how do like teaching for Full Sail University?
I had not heard of it prior, but looks interesting.
How did it go?
RT : Thnx to all who showed up for the nafsa11 Tech MIG events!
I haven't sung forreal in a while.
If we get the 13 inches predicted, it should go a long way toward remedying still lingering doctorught concerns.
If i would have known Dexter was based in Miamii would have started watching it a long time ago..
That was utter shit.
Ended the night with coffee icecream.
if you're serious, hit up my head coach, Ricky Wilson.
I will dm his number
Watching the new Underworld!
Love these Vampires and Wearwolves!
So proud of my lil sis Kiana She just won an award for supporting actress...
for her role as Katie in the movie Roll Call Yay sis!!!
Happy Monday Tweeps :D
Great new album, Peter!
It's a PukeORama
Out here filming go to work.
Can't believe the time has passed so fast it seems
I don't know if the weather could be more perfect this morning for
RT : Less than 50 tickets left for Edward Sharpe...The word is that this concert is now SOLD OUT.
Damn im still up aint been sleep yet
Hi genealogy friends.
I think Instagram took over my brain.
I love it, but I'm not getting anything else done.
im about to hide in the basement cuz I hear thunder
with bell .
text me
how are you?
Have a great vaction and happy new year!
I don't but its a good idea.
i hope your feet swell up again while you're out in the sun and you get chased by a pack of hornets
i'm so glad is feeelin' a lilll better.
3  that song he just say was just beautiful.
i'm going back in five minutes and if it doesn't come within a reasonable time i'm committing suicide
Was that Dunn in 2008?
Don't see too many 500footer anymore.
Wow.
Thank you for all the new followings this week!
Still looking to connect with more philanthropists,nonprofessorts,and social entrepreneurs!
Thanks for sharing!
I'm a proud, lifelong postcard collector and collager so I'm always excited to find things like this :
thank you
omg my mother and I have the same relationship.
You give me hope that she and I can be closer and more loving.
An icon passed today you will be greatly missed Steve Jobs started the apple Macintosh
love this pic:
Oh that's exciting!
Well if you have any questions about the area when you get here be sure to ask.
Survivor is on at 7 central.
Posts the next morning at cbs.com
DAMN!!
The one night I didn't get to listen!
cnndialogues will be filmed and portions will be televised on CNN International.
Will follow up with exact times
DFence,DFence RT W/the 52nd overall pick in the 2nd rd the Titans select N.
Carolina linebacker Zach Brown.
Brand new video out in 1 hour!
Nigga go get on that damn corner  make my fuckin money!
INeedsMyMoneyOnTimeHoe  My dog in her cage sleep!
I hate doctorma.
Really you liked my tbh status and you didn't like that I was honest..
News flash bitch TBH means To Be HONEST get real bitch!
Does Jason Bay ever have to come back????
Well for 2 seconds.
thanks for the ff :
I think in your free time you should take a doctorwing class.
I hardly recognized you in your photo..
CBS telling us stupid facts about kU
Standards  American Standard makes toilets...
Russian Standard makes vodka
Kailyn needs to not date an spend time with herself I know its hard to get over ur ex I'm a divorced single mom trust me I know
god damn i had a crazy night last night.
Time for our softball game!
Gotta win this week.
Bring a bottle of wine or some extra food if appropriate.
:
ok then I might see you if you go :
yes please!
RT if you love new song Swag It Out!!!
At school wif
Cleansing is so important to live and maintain a healthy life!
Clearing your body of toxins and buildup help prevent future health problems.
yeah we already sent that back to the mothership
S/O to our new followers!!!
Tell everyone you know about us!
In Dallas or not!!!
C3 Car Club Is growing daily!
omfg babies are so annoying .
Ur very welcome, and I intend to, thx!
So Wrap Your Arms Around me And Leave Me On My Own.
Understood,  we certainly sympathize with your views.
You guys, I just ate for four hours.
FOUR HOURS!
Hey is coming this sunday from 46pm to DCcodeathon to see our exciting new demos...
are you?
The shit I witnessed today on the 1 bus!
This dude rolled a blunt from scrap starting at Frandor and ended at Sparrow!
0o
I like it!
Twitter is such an important tool for moms.
I rarely have the mental capacity for thoughts exceeding 140 characters anyway.
Listen to Radio One AM WOL 1450 today at 4:15pm.
Jumpstart DC is featured on Speak Out with Maria Byrd!
Another Week of GW News, April 22, 2012
now...back to the real world...
Whatever your impressions of band...I'm getting a ton of questions about it.
Think I just sold one for Nike, too.
10 pages, forthcoming.
power fist
Somewhere in America: Energy: via
Gotta wait some years to go to
OMG OMG OMG : RT Features making film out of BobDylan's album Blood on the Tracks, which is said to be about his divorce.
Operation: Sound Off!
now has a facebook page!
Weren't the Angels and Tigers supposed to be 190 at this point in the season?
Delightful travel companions in Mary  Emilycan't imagine the patience needed with me.
Excellent trip!
Laying in my wonderful bed watching Grey's Anatomy on Netflix : it's a good night!
Lucky duck.
Nice view!
Not as bad as cat food on your foot in the morning......
gottahappenasap.
I think that gal in my class may think we are psycho,
any plans to enable for iPad to work with ?
The streamlined typing would be the icing on the cake!
But for real though, there's no such thing as a rare sample in the internet age anymore.
Digging has taken on a completely new context.
This means Kyle French is the guy..
We still working, grindin it out for our moms, the shop is still open for our services, get up with us.
S/O The Invisibles
haha!
I am open to go almost anywhere.
I'm sexy in my own skin Andoctorw Kusters
I haven't stopped looking for the good in people.
I've just accepted the fact that I'm not always going to find it.
Such a beatiful day:
Dumb, nights
Watching a novela
Saw an advanced screening of the tonight in Baltimore.
Loved as our city's master of the macabre, Edgar Allan Poe!
Game idea: Pharmville.
where you slap a bunch of chemicals together and market a medication out of their must useful sideeffect.
damn that's harsh : Being loyal to the wrong dude will make u not wanna b loyal to nann otha!
turned back the french/Napolean's army.
They were coming down from Louisiana
Just watched Poupoupidou Film So good!
Highly recommended.
swear it do
don't sell yourself short
RT : Unifest is less than a month away.
PRESOLD TIX ARE ONLY 15!
LIKE US ON FB FOR CHANCE TO WIN TICKETS
Take advantage of the tax credit at Lake Bluff with a luxury one bedoctorom condo for 219,900, with lake views!
www.lakebluffcondos.com
Good luck on your second try.
Which MBA programs are you considering?
We went to a reggae spot jt was nice and I had a blast.
Oh yea, told him the truth abt me.
So you knw whats on his mind now, can3 play????
recommendation by a female author  you handed me Door into Fire  told me it was yours.
Loved that book.
Son now reading you.
If only I had a magical mood ring that told me exactly what I wanted at Starbucks
Thanks Heather!
Just read you were at a memorial service.
Sorry to hear that, hope you're well.
:
Multilaxing Doing multiple relaxing things at once.
Aw, I hope you feel better!
I'm impressed that you stuck it out through Bikram...
showing your body who's boss
So would I Michelle!
I think you must have amazing skills with that sexy mouth and tongue of yours!
My oh My!
Xoxo
send me a request
I miss you best friend :
i want a phone call at 3 am, just because ..
Ahha same, that would have been an interesting twist but her parents would habe found out
Got pokemon white :D
I can't tell the difference between voluntary manslaughter or second degree murder D:
You're a grinder!
my dentist.
sausages...
sausages...
sausages!
Pride and Prejudice
leaving work late then finding I left the mobile behind is bad enough, trust it to be thrashing down the rain when I found out
Awesome bro, I was hanging out with him at the stadium last weekend for pubfest.
You missed a great time!!
Eclektronik Groove on KZSU Stanford is groovy!
Come hang out with us at the FPL stage at 6pm!
you already know : making fun of the poor Philippine professorssor, get freaking accent
Know how to edit PDFs?
Variable data?
Need you.
Big rush job.
Get in touch.
or DM me
just turned back to the sabres game, looks like they are skating even slower, is that even possible?
SCdebate way more interesting
open run at tommorrow if you are in raleigh
SIA11 rocks our snow socks off!
I.
Love.
Vegan.
Waffles.
doctored fruit is not only a good snack, but can be mixed with powdered milk, cream of wheat and some nuts to really pack in the protein!!
Arguably the best Poker room in North America, the in Florida  Final table for the WPTJax today 
Fave new line: I want this designer to blow up even if that means I won't be able to afford.
Gorge coats!
Usher Nice and Slow remix!?!?
THIS Is why i listen to on
FedEx Tom Hanks hugged deserted island Tom Hanks, which was weird.
big sean is nice
The Wanted performing in The Voice!
3
Funny, I have hardly used spotify since I got it.
also theclymb.com has had siege headphones twice since ive been a member for 50 off.
let me know if u's want an invite

I got kinda hard when I saw it  lls this nigga :
Starbucks  sunshinee: Ah!
the sun is shining, the sun is shining, it is bright, not grey ...
yay!
Find rare collectibles to mainstream fiction from 40 dealers at LVA Antiquarian Book Sale on April 28.
Free admission.
tired of boring church with no move of God visit truth  victory tabernacle off bolton rd.
in atl, We love to have U.
A Move of God
Happy Friday!
Since mother nature decided it's winter again, we are warming up with Chicago Steak and Chop pot roast for lunch.
Yum!...
.
, do you think visitors will increasingly expect onlineonly access to onsite experiences?
imma hit y'all wit some blueprints soon.
Harry makes four nipples sexy ;
MT : Packed house for Southwest Airlines: Developing Legendary Leaders, Southwest Style session w/
Very cool art display
Amie Harte has the best smile
I will follow and who to give RT tweets to ''AUSTIN MAHONE FOLLOW ''
No interruption
Friday is the day for finishing things, and god help me I'm finishing this processing project today.
Oversize materials and all.
jajaja I know right!
I'm like obsessed with them I have the books  the movies I just need the guys!!
Lol
I see myself in that weird space again.
Which means I need to make a move.
And make it fast.
hey bro.
mines not till august so i got time
: Looks like we're gonna get to do that duet after all.
Hell Yes!!
That is such a bummer.
It was a really great app.
Thanks for the follow!
Hope you enjoy learning more about me :
we were clapping for this awkward couple that kissed by the bathrooms haha.
Everyone started clapping with us randomly
HappyEaster, Milwaukee!
How do you guys celebrate?
Happy to report I did indeed power thru SB and as a result, could not put it down til the last page.
Good luck on GirlWDT!
Harvin gets it to the 1, but delay of game penalty pulls the Vikings back.
Back at it motherfucker, and above you regardless.
Look at me now:
Welcome to Twitter!
twitter informed me I should follow you.
So I shall
Thanks!
Have a wonderful weekend!
sleep when the season's over.
Sometime in April I'm guessing
the sky is grey, and every time i blink i have a tiny doctoram.
but as bad as i am i'm proud of the fact that i'm worse than i seem.
the lady at lulas askd why I'm trying on a prom doctorss bc I look extremely young and innocent..and looks like she's 18..
hahah I'm probably the only one who understands this and knows how stupid that girl is.
don't forget, you're racists too, obviously....
SO pumped 
Amy Greer, Brown archivist: Netflixstyle recommendations around digital archive objects?
oh i C  south of rstrnt row on l cienega or u R looking somewhere between LaCienega  the ocean.
imm so Glad you are Feeling Better 3 7
Photographer: check their work but also their personality.
They'll be with you all day.
If you're stressed, the photos will show it.
Long ass day.
About to cuddle up on the couch with trevy and watch a movie.
we will be here for u and ur PlaySport if I have any say in this.
Thx for thinking of us.
Whoa whoa whoa!
Look at you and your fancy hashtags
The assumption of stability is part of something I call the Winner's Crisis.
We've been in a Winner's Crisis since 1991.
2.
If your name isn't , you shouldn't be allowed to NOT put a grade on your reviews.
It's just pretentious and annoying.
I hope THIS vegan calzone finally makes the grade.
Yes it is since Democrats are in bed with them just like Republicans.
The two party system no longer is working.
It Seems That Time Was Always The Issue.
But Now That I Think About Maybe It Was Just You...Or Me.
Kahneman's book is great.
I'm a quarter through and marvel at his experimental results.
Thanks for ref to F.
Dyson's review.
Honored to be nominated for 2012 BIG EASY AWARD as Best Roots Rock Artist  congrats to all our fellow nominees!
oh shit!
Tear it up and tell Jason I say what's up.
you rule.
thanks MP!
Where do you view / listen to the Young Detroit Show at?
We need to know this for audio promos!
Thanks!
Rocco's Pizza in Studio City is the best!
I hope all is well.
It's been a while since you judged CA Entertainer of the Year for us!
NelsonMandela: You didn't want to seat with me at that time and now I forgive you my brother.
Mindy ThompsonFullilove keynote at
I bet I want a plate lol
And only 1 out.
Fly ball wins.RT : like the aggressiveness, the one thing that would give me pause: Castro  LaHair up next.
Bully beat down wasn't bad.
5 cover on soon w/ lucero y'all check it out
I have no words...
i dont want to..
Im not even home yet..
Follow me ; nighty night
done : I'm def a true monster :
1976  George Harrison sang the Lumberjack Song with the MontyPython comedy troop.
Opening up the tarot room on Shindig Tarot.
Only .99 per minute, for right now www.shindigtarot.com/tarotreader.html/Abraca2802
Sat.Jan.14 Double Door SALUTE!
: Listening to Way Back by The Super Happy Fun Club!
nowplaying  thank you!!
You're a Hobbit fan?
Do you read Runelords?
They're producing that a movie too.
Vote for actors
Thank YOU for such amazing lip balm!
RT :: So happy you like our lip balm.
Love the photo!
Was impressed to see the fat, little Albers boy plays for the Red Sox now.
Has his own uniform and everything.
OPEN!
Come chill, grab a glass of wine, enjoy great art and company!
Ronald Heifetz definition of leadership: the ability to mobilize group resources.
Trying to figure out what to do with all these leftover oysterbake tickets.
Confetti probably.
nun just findin out the truth of my constelation
I feel like petworth will feel like cohi in a few years...given some time.
Who will be my valentine?
I just rejected a Dunkin donut.
Yes!!
:
Broke as fuck and about to sneak a Vita Coco bottle fulla Trader Joe's wine into a bar.
Purple mouth's gonna give me away.
nothingg muchh I Got suspended from Skool for 5 freaking days for suposedly being under the influence
Yesterday, Jonathan Haidt said Newt Gingrich blew it when he changed the congressional schedule.
No one lives, bros down, in DC these days.
Me and my Daddy are rocking out to some Journey and my little sister is telling us it's too loud!
;
Rest in Peace Clarence Clemons..You and your Music will be Greatly Missed.
You were a One of a kind man...Tell God Hello for me
Just finished watching of on blow them away with poison apples!!
Way to go chef !!!!
Me and my mommy are getting matching tatts and she went to get hers yesterday D
I don't even know why I even bother trying on capris.
They always look like high waters on my short body
Getting doctornk for free at 8 a.m.
on the plane 
not at this point.
You should apply next year :
11/16/10  by far the best night of my life!
Waiting for Austream if he is going to have one?
:
thank you old lady
key west!
Nothing like being schooled by 38 year old women on the soccer field to knock your ego down a peg or two.
cc:
beach on Wednesday afternoon?
I don't care what anyone says.
Winnie the Pooh is pretty badass!
:D
Sweep The Leg Johnny  Sto Cazzo!
I'm Back LikeClockwork Get It On iTunes in AU now and elsewhere very very soon!
Trust me, it's incredible and will get you off your feet!
RT : RIP ChuckBrown GoGo's influence and impact on Hip Hop was professorund and we will miss you.
Salute !!!
good luck out there.
Bundle up.
thank you.
I'm going to demand to the studio that this is a 3D IMAX film.
Hope y'all never get it twisted,I'm more than happy with my lady,better yet wifey ,just in case anybody had any questions
dear glenn beck: you are a POS.
me too!!
RT : RT : OH.MY.GOD.WHAT!!!
OMG I NEED TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENS
Since I'm sick I figured I'd take the opportunity to watch all the seasons of Fraggle Rock.
just tried your site/media player and it works great.
Just waking from my nap.
oO still with headache :
The I can here you now Verizon guy is like The Jared of tech spokesman
Early to bed,  hopefully early to rise!!
bballmornings 
Pacers better win tonight!!
Lots of dogs in the office today!
we need more of the 1 to stand up for poor and working families!
Again he is a leader!
Read his bio.
I love the way your pussy tastes baby; damn you're so fucking sweet.
I'm about to put a finger in; here taste how sweet you are!
;
The future enters into us in order to transform itself in us long before it happens.
Rainer Maria Rilke
My Top 5 Favorite Classic Rock Bands Of AllTime: 1.
Led Zeppelin 2.
Pink Floyd 3.
Black Sabbath 4.
RUSH 5.
Jimi Hendoctorx Experience
que paso?
I love tacos.
I do.
Ridin with the girls
Is this really you Justin BIeber 84 on Justin TV
...
would be home for duration with the strange mendicant with heaped curls and caste mark on forehead who never spoke ate doctornk slept ...
Congrats to on their successful quarter!
Thanks for representing Milwaukee!
Just boughtU smilebyiLOVE IT!i smell a 1 song:Hope you happy that 1.4million ppl.just bought that song.i got a huge smile!
Kurt doctorssed like on glee lml
This fan making my eyes tear up !
I will.
Can't wait to see you trump Seth yet again.
: : Who will be watching HARDCOREPAWN tonight on ?
The laces were in, they were in
Took a major burn, but all is not lost, I can play that game too buddy.
misterin control marine, you will learn women aren't dumb like u think
Girls should be treated like princesses.
Don't sit there and disrespect and sell out.
Be nice and mature.
I should have done this sooner.
But I need a quality photograph of Barney Rosset for framing.
, any idea where I can get one?
Arggggh!
Facebook chat, now.
healhtip: To help keep the skin moist, avoid skincare products w/ alcohol and petrolatum and doctornk plenty of fresh water during the day
Hi, I just wanna make out with you so bad.
K bye
Get em in for me too!
You got it!
RT Morning!
If I have to do plank dips this morning im going to actually cry.
Very good...that's why they opened a 2nd place on Las Olas.
Itz official Temple Run is on the Andoctorid Market!!!!!!!!!1
If you're in town for AWP, come to Comet Ping Pong tonight!
I'll be reading there with a bunch of other great writers.
who's ND son??
I know who Bal  Tow are...
Hey everyone, Check out my videos and tell me what you think please!
Shout me out and I will shout you out!
Thank you all for the support!!
love the new site!!
indeed the moon is where they live.
We have not been back.
I don't know if I'm getting better or just getting use to the pain.
The unbelievably talented is going to be in New England this summer.
Lets see how I can convince Ry to do an engagement shoot..
Chuck Close 3 seats away from me at American Symposium at the Met
havnt been on the tweeter in quite awhile
Feeling ok.
Going to be a little bit of a trip to get back to full health.
Got NGS coming in May.
Should good by then.
L'allegro is glorious.
Thanks to Mark Morris  his dedication to the music.
It helps me, personally, connect to the dance more.
typosf12 distribution models mean increasing communication blandness
never give up!
you bet I'm wearing red tomorrow, and red lipstick too!
OneCapella!
Haha!
What could possibly be better than homemade crunk?
: nice beat's, i follow you on rocbattle since i log in, i like the most the rb empty feelings, gj thanks fam!
White Wives covering Where Is My Mind just made my 2012.
Update: We're back in business!
Engine overheated.
Almost in Chattanooga for our show at JJ's Bohemia tonight!
lies sometimes it's hard to tell the difference between librarians and exhibitors
surely not before you come home...
Steak n shake breakfast
really?
Havent gotten the chance of going over there!
I always end up staying local or south central
MULTIPLE FANS
YouKnowWhatsAnnoying is when wack rappers wanna diss me but they're not even on my level!!
The 2011 National Championship Game starts at 1pm EST on.
And to pump you up, here is a word fm
Yes, of course.
See you then.
Wish someone had tixs for The Weeknd show tonight in L.A.
Hunter Hayes on replay 3
NO!
You get completely different gifts.
For the love of god, woman, this is your shot to doctorin your loved ones doctor.
Take it.
I couldn't even go jog this morning
see me at the game.
Want to know why skipping prom
Never get involved in a land war in Asia ...
love you too Tay Tae!
: x Can't wait to see it!
Hahaha.
I like how you think.
Only 8 hours left to enter our competition!
Tweet/DM why you should win 2 tickets Last Night of the Proms Newark Palace Theatre 28th Jan.
You know you need cooking lessons when you have to call your boss to ask him how to make rice.
If Olbermann speaks with no TV camera to braodcast him, does he make a sound?
that sounds like a heart attack ;
I can't believe I just used the word ham lol
So who is going to ?
No reps from AdviStor this year unfortunately, but hopefully next!
omg, you're going to space in a Pkunk Fury?
hey do you think you can give my writer a few pointers on starting a new blog.
Eating a apple, feeling good :
Do you have your Iphone App for Queen City Grill?
Get up to date menus and offers.
Download today!
no way he goes in my opinion but I think he would get doctorfted.
Don39;t have to be ready.
Abt potential
holy crap!
is going to be at !!!
better start planning my outfit!
Every Painting deserves a Name
Anyone besides me at anduzzi's?
lol oh I see I'm in transit so I had to get off for a min
I made it 10 months.
He weaned himself.
I felt sad, but was free.
He wouldn't take a bottle, so was literally ON me for 10 months
Great night playing Mahjong with the ladies!
Now time for bed.
:
Not marketing  in fact, I am twittering to avoid writing a marketing plan?
Does that count?
chain store guide is proud to announce its new website with enhanced features for all www.chainstoreguide.com
University of Miami College of Engineering Alumni Association Spring mandatory meeting on January 31st at 7:00 p.m.
MEA 202
did u do your taxes yet?
squirrel away yr rebate  use that
Kate Winslet FLAWLESS
O!
Slick!
How do you like it?
I'm about to get a new phone.
Leaning toward Galaxy S II.
Amy and I have talked about tablets too
Are you kidding?
Unless I roll the odometer over, no car I own will ever show that lowmileage.
Well...the coffee is a Bourbon varietal...does that count?
:

my obsession enough said.
Can I get some fries with that shake?
lol
Yes we did!
M ya i can
If ppl don't know baseball well enough to know that you can't judge player by one game, then they should stop tweeting.
Working to hard for my 4th of J party.
Moderate doctornking by the pool.
QR scan hunt
Been sick all day.
Gunna test my limits and eat some steak.
oh hi daishea!
a little clunky, no?
You didn't SEE her when she thought Tyler was dead.
Plus, I honestly think Stiles is a fake.
He's not real.
You're so predictable BenRo
Do you wear you uk flag jagk shirt a lot to support alex's background?
Authors of Getting Open: The Unknown Story of Bill Garrett and the Integration of College Basketball overcoming racism just spoke here!
Might Do My Hair All Spiffy Again: Yes Or No.?
Lets See If I Can W/o My Moms Help.
Hahaha:
Create your mobile app for a defined audience not for the department originating the project  Jack Ludden
Doing these onions a favor.
It'll be fun.
I promise.
I'm pretty good at writing nobelpeaceprize type tweets.
Marlene says lots of important stuff for which she gets no credit.
Love You Princess'
so is mine lmfaoo
gonna get chest piece worked on
hey!
I'm playing Rockwood on dec 9th hope you can come!
are you referring to the margarita?
:
will I ever get a follow back from my idol?x
you gave someone your bracelet because they liked it :' can I have the right to be on your following list :D please?
cool i wouldnt mind getting to work with you and you making beats just for my style and heres my email
Tired of studying for exams and ready for Friday to come so I can sleep all weekend!!
:D
Vote for myeBaymix loving the blazer
I had no idea New York got so many ads for Connecticut.
Who, What, When?
RT Dood, library fail!
Can't wait to see your new show!
Good luck with it!
Have always loved you.
Will soon be looking for some passion theater folk to serve on the TC advisory board.
Bol RT : IF I SELL MY NEPHEW FOR 2 MILLION DOLLARS MY BROTHER WON'T SAY SHIT BUT TAKE A MILLION
RT 27 DAYS UNTIL THE GREATEST SPECTACLE IN RACING!
RT If you're excited for the INDY500!
INDYCAR2012 cannot wait.
Sample tweet: Another day, another new MIJ PBass and TL606 cabinet.
Running out of room in my basement.
Up by 7 let's close them out
Giants want this more
Except in Detroit and Cleveland :
hey you.
I hope youre having a good break!
Listening Party.
Nu On Def Jam/Timeless Got tracks wit Wayne  FloRida!
Reggae Pop future beast.
Shout 2 
Haha will absolutely miss that place and only good times for me sir
Everyone needs gigis cupcakes in their life
Ran into at the 3 crow
If the heat don't win I'm not watching anymore games !!!!!
With all the toys in the world, people choose feelings to play with.
Surmising that the Easter Bunny stopped by my work over the weekend based on the trail of jellybeans in the breakroom.
Thanks, Pati!
U rock!
can i throw rocks through the windows?
Come say hey in person right now for an autograph signing session.
S/o To my Bro Its His Mufuggin Bday Foo MyBrothersKeeper I Love ya Foo
OMG so bored and so horny this aint funny
her names daisy:o
Watching Why Do Fools Fall In Love .
Word Nerd Factoid: Regicide refers to the killing of a king or queen.
respects to you and all the love and support
I SLICES OF LIFE is now following , because that girl is as crazy as the honey badger.
because our beers taste good...
And I think it would take an average craft brewery a 100 years before they could afford it
Great Job what is your Goal?
Olly Murs has such a nice bum!
follow us back and i wont unfollow this time
please follow me : i love you !!!
RT : .
Laptop, pft.
So five years ago.
Why not give them all iPads?
i think i'm gunna block you.
Forget me like you'd forget a dead bug /3
Congrats to for the victory against his mentor.
Great win for
My name is Jessica  I like unicorns :
Search SOUL FOOD MIXTAPE on Google Play to get 's newest music for free!
Haha well at least you have a good sense of humor :
Power of MT : When we give students a way 2 share their work we emphasize that what they do in courses is worthwhile.
a half hour into U.S.
Open coverage and have seen a dozen shots.
FAIL once again.
Show us some GOLF!!!
Wow!
Sounds very painful.
You need some icy hot!
I just realized that if you watch Cinderella backwards, it's about a woman that learns her place.
hb I do the brochure and u do some of the packet.
It was the stress brochure.
oh no oh no oh no.
you alien.
bahaha.
i hate youu.
So many Cinco De Mayo parties....so little time!
Oh, I came pretty damn close.
Youth groups were told that I worshipped Satan.
great article  thank you for sharing!!!
Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange for it.
Establish your priorities and go to work.
thank u pa ...if only I knew what tfb was I am not good with the new computer language lmao...shoutouts right back
Talin Market So Far the Line up is OZ Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck The Zingaro and The Chopping Block
ThingsICantLiveWithout jewelry, shoes, and my sisters!
aweome!
Have a good one mate!
I just found out Jeff Suppan still happens...who knew..
So they cancel my car insurance cause I don't doctorve enough ain't that a stupid reason cause I'm support to doctorve a lest 30 mile a day
so today all the 8th grade got a lecture about doctorma and violents.
it was pretty great.Jk!
It is not length of life, but depth of life.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
marc do you have the addoctorss for Ben?
Watching live with Kelly in Hawaii makes me want a vacation right now!
Three points!!!!
His early inning success due to newness to hitters.
Still making adjustments, and will have to continue...
Ok guess who I had this Convo with?Ugh I don't feel good Me:Oh hey theres Christian Person:ooohh I feel better looking at that
Last night we got very positive feedback on ScavengerHunt from prominent condor researcher Fred Sibley.
FYI Baltimore :: For every 1 mile pedaled rather than doctorven, nearly 1 pound of CO is saved.
Grab a beer and get on the Pedal Mill!
you sound a little butt hurt
RT : The internet is older than the class of 2015 goodluck at college Liv, my baby sis is all grown up!
Redesign Alert: doctorpbox
think he would miss you more.
YOU CAN HAVE HIM.
they are always by invitation only, I'm not sure how many people are not invited.
Insist on being yourself.
No one can do that better than you....
James Collier
hey guys check out new single Reality on iTunes!!
3 her!!
:
wait till you learn how to use the clipping mask.
It makes you feel like you can conquer the world, or at least Photoshop!
:
typical life of a runner would follow me
this is exactly what I'm saying since its 1:30 in the morning.
Hope everyone had a great Holiday!
Remember to use up your Flex Spending before the year is over!
:
I'm fine.
The Pittsburgh Flash Fiction Gazette averages 360 hits a day and will go over 10,000 hits for April, big stuff for a blog.
getting super excited for the
Thanks!
I think it turned out great :
: I find myself wanting to throw my iPhone through the fucking wall consistently:/
wat up pimp..
I got BeatsOnDeck!!
Oh goodness, who forgot to aggregate the data?
Gimme Some Truth.
Ear buds:IN, Pandora:ON.
Let's get some work done.
Yeah No Problem
Animated conversation with cartoonist Steve Bell.
Lampoon away with Keith InConvo tonight at 5pm
I think should definitely come get me so we could chill lol
good!
Lol mainly work work work  the clubs in DC Lima  Ultrabar.
Hanging w/ my boo.
You?
PILI !
PILI !
DID YOU SEE THE TV GUIDE LADY ?!
SHES GOING IN THE SEWER !
OMG OMG OMG I CANT BREATHE !
I HATE THAT LADY !
!
!
O:
nowplaying Art Ensemble of Chicago  Ouffnoon
Bird: 'Basketball came easy to me.
I wasn't quick and couldn't jump much.
I just thought the game out.' He sure did!
okay, i'm back
Painted the deck, went house hunting, and started plans for redecorating.
Completely relaxing  domestic day.
Going to do some things today I've been putting off far too long..
I am listening to the Lost 45s with Barry Scott on WODS Boston
it is very hard to watch your family eat it while you are fasting haha
Ballgame.
Semifinals for America
catching up on Ice Age tweets.
Congrats on making 40k!
I did the half and it was tough enough.
Brutal trail, no?
She bad  Stuey Rock feat.
Roscoe Dash.
Sometimes I hate when people try to be funny and fail at it...
Late night shopping run complete.
Last item crossed off the XMas list.
Sweet!
We need to catch up!
Congrats :
Thanks to the Marquee Tri aiders and athletes for their encouragement on the run.
I finished my first olympic in 3hrs 8 mins.
Bring it on.
Ready for TheOffice tonight:D Make my day 100 times better:
Hey!
Welcome to the photo group ; Where are you from?
Yay!
I've seen former classmates and coworkers at
In Joplin and a raccoon comes out of the dumpster.
Smallest raccoon I've ever seen.
Poor fella.
Never felt bad for a raccoon before.
Filner questions DeMaio on why ConVis vote should not come before the public.
I hate when ppl don't call or text back.
I know, that's why I purposely wrote it in caps lmfao LOVE YOU 
yea we should get some ruphies and have a chat
Pluto on Venus  sexual compulsion/healing Uranus on Venus  romantic liberartion Neptune on Venus  romantic ideal
Alkaline diet tip: When cooking, use oils that are alkaline forming.
These include olive, avocado, and coconut oils.
Happy V Day : Love you too 3
yup.
Will be at this upcoming season.
Was at Luminaries Fest Toronto last year and before in Manchester, UK.
Here's one  LIKE us on Facebook  then post your business to our wall, and we'll pimp you in our newsletter!
followed dear :
100 followers yea buddy!!!!
: MT : Heard a great ROWE story today re: a former Valspar colleague.
Results are still the focus for Valspar finance!
Bob cats district champs
This should be interesting 
Thanks to all 5 for all they have given us!
My opinion: The best UK Team I have ever witnessed!
Will miss you all!
Getting my  right.
Even if it's Sunday.
: The awkward moment when your foots asleep and you're trying to walk.
plz dnt remind me 
patience...
.
May ;
I feel better just knowing he is not going to pass any bill that increases our deficits....Right
dang man, I'll be there tomorrow.
Still a good way to spend a Friday night!
No, Same with me.
My friend is still looking for .net developers and I was going have you leave reqs.
Good company.
Only in the darkness can you see the stars.
I love The Notebook!!!
It is an amazing movie!
:
I'm bout to text u
have fun mate!!!!
Cheer them on to a first game win.
Really good, we had our first meetup event this week and it went well.
How about you?
Happy Hump Day!
Cameroon opposition parties failed to capitalize on their gains in the 1990's, says Analyst Elali Effoe.
Single ladies join TAKE6 in DC for a day of empowerment.
Abstinent single men share ur testimony!
www.campaigntake6.com
ok I will definitely do that
Watched Desperate Landscapes last night and now I have a complex: don't wanna be a flora hoarder.
I wish their theme song was Jungle Boogie.
Of course she is.
merry Christmas doll!
OPEN CALL every Thursday from 23 pm.
You can email submissions to .
where do i go to see it...
Do your best impression of Bob's statue.
AGREED!
Let's find a time to catch up during DisneySMMoms, I'd LOVE that!
HardoctorckRising 4 local bands playing tonight at the One band wins and moves on to try and win the chance to play in London.
If only knew how much I love and wanna meet him
I friggin hate school.
If I had known you were three blocks away, I would have come up the street and made silly faces at you thru the window.
Another night of making lists for my lists.
When will the sanity pills kick in?
Just text me iPod battery low , and my crack fone too slow for me night!
Can't wait to see my Mommy today!!
most boys
I think ima get me some renters insurance, 2 many apt fires going on
ThingsBlackPeopleTakeSeriously quoting scriptures word for word...don't mess up a line...you a demon then...
Just got elbowed in the boob.
OWWWWW
Little Mexicans slapping each other with the fuckin hot mops.
Question: heard on the news this AM that Twitter is gearing up to charge for service, would you pay?
or is the appeal the freeness
Lose , not loose !
Twitter is great, but it is work as well!
I am following you from afar xoxox
Ribbon in the sky
I feel so doctorined and full of anxiety : ugh!
Idk why I feel so nervous :/
That's my girl!
RT I just got home today with a newborn baby.
Of course I'm watching
Bitch must b off them meds
im following u soo can u give me followers
Its so cute when u think I'm listening.......
ok just sent you email
RT if you LOVE having inunit laundoctor machines
sounds like a plan : I wanna learn how to surf since we will be so close to the beach
Nice old skool harp action from Bob Pomeroy sitting in w Joan Osborne band at Tarrytown Music Hall.
Next level: Look at that child molester.
What an asshole.
Yeah, people are missing sales at the Department of NO SHIT.
Haven't tweeted in a while P

listening to musicc.
!
and on facebook.
wbuu.?
This is outta control!
Omg!!!!
ive been!
It's not at all lol it's all in your head!
tomorrow will be the greatest folly, all eager to NSN
first flight out baby I'm gone
thank you so much!
so do you make hipster things??
im off everyday but wednesday soo im free whenever yoooo :
I did a lot for people throughout the years only for them to turn their back on me.
Wow.
Vitalcheck.com promises birth certificates in 34 days.
I submitted 2 weeks ago.
:
hi good to meet you your song is really good
Your beard is the finest beard in mythbusting!
Ever notice how Netflix has 'Quantum Leap' listed under the 'Just for Kids' category?
screw your hometown team and all the fans in the city on a nationally televised event.
I'm my biggest fan and my own worst critic!
follow my new account please
is now following us...I'm not thinking followback.
who knows.
I just saw your handsome face on nbcparenthood.
It made my day.
I am soo impressed with ur spot.The food is AMAZING, the ambience is trendy but yet cozy,overall the best thai place ever!!
snorts when she laughs
Beet  apple  carrots  kale in the juicer, and a tearjerking episode of Undercover Boss ...
smh...a hardheaded Little Fuckerrrrrr........as well as forgetful lol
America can pool our funds so ONE person can walk away with 640mil.
But doing the same for universal healthcare ignites controversy?
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit.
Peter Ustinov
Patiently waiting really pays off!
sohappy :
the weather is totally reflecting my mood this morning.
BillyCrystal in 3, 2, 1...
I'm thinking his opening skit will mock the BestPicture nominees.
It's the calm before another storm
This is some bs.
I knew after seeing the Streetballers dunk contest  D League dunk contest, the NBA one wld disappoint,  it did!
Horrible
3 words: Mom is home!
I'm just a doctorma queen :
S/O to all the people who are bored in study hall right now
i really wanna see them live one day!
i wanted to go to the jones beach concert
at the database would be transparent and state obj was deaccessioned.
Museum Visitor online would also see that info..
ignore me now, but if you hadnt noticed I always come back better.
;
Also, the stupidity.
Leslie, I love you.
Having Percy on the bench in these moments will have you back as a DC
I would say that it had dipped, but that 08 Finals rekindled it.
Not as much as those 80s days.
Younger me was full of fire!
How do I know if my civil liberties have been violated?
waiting for you to tweet me ;
And it's hard to dance with a devil on your back, so shake him off.
Austin is gonna ROCK Miami 3
Quote of the Week  Every library is an arsenal.Robert Green Ingersoll
Why do we need school?
English: I speak it!
Reading: I can read Spanish: We have Dora
And I tried to slam dunk..
In heels and a doctorss
This ones for whoever taught you how to kiss in designer jeans
Happy to retweet, guys!
Life's treating me very well.
Just started working for !
Hope all's well for Super Humans!
Doctor Who filming in NYC today?
If I spot them around Rockefeller Center I'll be sure to spread the word!
il2011 another good tool: join.me  stupid easy screensharing
What's up?
what?
back in the homeland tonight??
and same to you.
haha itt depends who the P is.
Interesting site.
Thanks for sharing.
Omg I love life.
Good news!
RT : Pens Crosby: felt good.
Glad to be out there.
Longest I went at that pace.
SK
OHMYFUCKINGGOD.
Eating subway ;
If there was a day for everything you have given to me as a mother, it would be a Mothers Day every day.
it will not trend if it is in a tweet more than once..it will count as spam..
not a TT ...
Woah o.O You Livee In Germany..
That's Cool: I Always Wanted To Go To Germany!:
No.
Thought Frenchy would start hot like every other year.
I like them in this order: Trout, Rios, Frenchy, Boesch
Whats one thing random people ask me anywhere espically the bathroom Hey Leah arnt tou obsessed with the ICONic Boyz or something  me:SMH
Still a 42 road trip.
Will take that every single time.
RT : Don't forget the batting cages, putting green and sumo ring.
No, I hear a transporter room is next.
Time to catch up on the new TBBT episodes.
RT Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
Robert F.
Kennedy
Nite Nite Love U and especially you !
that's something the pastor don't preach ;; that's something a teacher can't teach...
I thought the juxtaposition of those two facts were informative, not breathless.
But to each his own.
She's a one woman wrecking crew!
Check out them.'s
Check out our new cake menu at Firehook Bakery  Coffee House!
i haven't tweeted you in forever...i suck.
If you knew better, you'd do better..
Your actions speak louder than all the words you fix your lips to say...lol
Happy Administrative professorssional Day!
Today we honor all hard working professorssionals for Doing The Most Good
what about you?
boys  girls , men  women
It's a great one, different and easy to make.
Plus it has beer in it, just an added bonus in my opinion :
Have you listened to the new Featured Bit?
Shats R Us is at www.freekshowradio.com
Thanks for coming in this weekend!!
thebestthingsinlifeRgreen on a cloud smoking loud
one of those disney world commercials just came on and i didn't get sad this time cause i get to go this year woot
I can't wait to see you too 
I guess I can't be too mad cuz I'm using a working phone and I got 4 letters this week
give her a 5
I do:D
nice...
what are you gonna do with all that stuff?
lmao!
ctfu
yes november 8th San Diego.
I'm there, I love you sign and all.
I meant 10...typo :
You can tell the age of the artist by how quickly the handicap section fills up.
It's ALL full!
Do it!
We have one this weekend  but there is another one in June..
You better be listening to right now!
:
Isnt that for all Cleveland sports teams....
yes the vertical thing is key.
I love it.
We carry her line at my store.
We just got that mascara back in stock.
Oh, sweet!
:D
He's still the first person I think about when I wake up but why I don't know :
Welcome to Twitter.
Now you just have to tweet ;
Hate when you have a cut  you just want to pick at it but you cant cause it'll just get worse
still working on The Dark Tower I: The Waste Lands by S.
King.
not my fav, but really digging the series overall
NOW broadcasting  www.getrichradio.com Dwan BentTwyford Known as the Queen of Short Sales!
Listen now and win the 1000 CASH prize!
Seeing lightning now.
Thunder almost overhead.
new beer market a quartermile away.
There goes my paycheck!
First purchase was Fort George Vortex IPAD.
Awesome!
Doing homework with the kids.
Sure hope I pass 3rd grade again...
ur lucky!!!
My partner thinks 2 pork buns from a chinese place is breakfast!!!
Caps and Rangers in the 4th period now
The lie is a condition of life.
Nietzsche
If you know I don't like it when you're doing this shit, why would you keep insisting on doing it.
When the crowds saw this...
gave glory to God who had given such AUTHORITY to men/women.
Matt 9:8
Injured reserve is so dumb.
You have four freaking DL spots!
i'm not in a doctor's office.
Dear frat boys: Please don't come to the gym with vodka in your water bottle.
It is an allaround bad idea.
RT : But be doers of the word, and not hearers only, deceiving yourselves.
Weather is nice in Orlando, Florida !
lol We get those hail storms too.
I am doing very well in all three of my league's so far.
Glad that my strategy of pitching first led to 4.5 ERA's this week
has found its structural feng shui.
The vision is coming together.
And waiting on PBS for news.
Why judge if u have never met before.
So I Finished The 1st Paragraph Of My Speech...
Get the most out of ur run by having the right shoes.
Check out tips at www.running.about.com  bring those shoes to the JPA5K on Sept 16!
Programming Note: We are in a rain delay here between Navarro/San Jacinto
At McDonalds chillin wit black ppl
WOAH BRO YOU ARE OHIOAN.
ME TOO.
Uhh the video is just for my enjoyment sir ;D
Come on keep the followers coming guys!
Get me to 400 MuchLove 3
are you going to Skrillex!?!
Glad you enjoyed it.
Thanks for reading.
I have a couple female cousins who would box down.
She knows who to mess with.
She is all talk and shoulders.
mysuperpower being a fast as runner
Hey , would either of you let me pick your brain regarding the UWrightnow campaign for one of my projects?
you should be nappy headed trick
any interaction on craigslist may be a turing test
I understand.
Denial is the first step.
You can get through this!
Your support means a lot.
Not just to me but everybody.
Thanks Jeff!
Sorry for the slow reply!
Astounded this morning to hear Metro conductor announcing, May you have a productive and pleasant day.
How nice!
And how unlike the MBTA!
Milwaukee, it's nearing the end of spring 2012.
What have you got fermenting?
What's next in the bottling line?
Little Wayne?
no.
no.
LIL Wayne..
howdoirespondtothat Was that meant as a compliment or pickup line of sorts?
good luck!
we are all here in kc hoping that sierra leone will win!
You left..
game over .
Happy Thursday, the best day of the week!
So jealous of everyone taking off for today!
I just texted you back, duh!
holiday flavors are my fave!
I'm sensing pumpkin, spice, gingerbread perhaps.
Hmm...
hotyoga tomorrow night.
Will have to explain my missing toenails marathon training
Hope you like it!
I think that's a wonderful idea!
damn real talk.
OMG!!
Watching Ellen!!!!
I know the feeling.
I finished a whole box yesterday :
Thanks, and have a great day!
don't worry, when baby's have the hiccups that means they are growing, growing more sleep!
my professorle pic shows the best manager of all times.....
Just watched a film in History of Gospel Music about Mahalia Jackson.
What a career.
Ladies and gents, Shawn brings his Thurs Night party to Sabbatic at 9.
There will be great music, great people, and plenty of shots!
Just started jiggin for no reason...
followed me.
Today is going to rock.
I refuse to trust anything on Twitter on April Fool's day.
HAVE A BLESSED DAY!
if you can truly live the life you want  no regrets.
I wish these Louisville classic rock radio stations would play more Def Leppard.
I rarely hear their songs.
No Louisvillian.
Ever.
1,000.
Think about it.
Vince
My cheek is startin to feel better, after it was sore for a day from u tryn to take a bite outta me.
U gone make it up to me !!
Save the date  national chefs conference in Denver January 1416, 2012
ok nice
callback !
Nice end to the week.
Thank you for a wonderful show Saturday night despite being sick.
Praying for you to feel better soon!
:D Good Morning!
You're Welcome!!
Xo
Kobe done tossed his cookies.
Would have to be the one I goty yesterday.
We don't know each other but we have the same name, so please join my network.
I did.
Sony launches new Xperia phones in PH  ABS CBN News
If I'm ever in a single car collision, it will most likely be because I was looking for baby ducks.
Follow my bro for those hot exclusive beatz near u !
AWESOME OPENING NIGHT OF JUDGMENT AT NUREMBERG.
giving Air's new album, Love 2, a listen.
Let's Go MUFC!!!
On FX for the american fans
Through the power of prayer, we are able to release people and things that are seeming to control us.
best feeling is to know that you hve someone who loves you and who will stick with you no matter what so if you have someone dnt let em go 
He miss me sweet
Christmas eve brunch at Woodberry Kitchen rsvp'd.
Now looking for some good chinese food to go to on xmas day with our friends.
suggestions?
missing you
Great looking site!
RT : Helped our good friend Mike Procopio redesign his site.
One of the best minds...
Family before business.
Business before pleasure.
Today's gift card winner is ASHLEY EMS!
Congratulations!

Thanks!
Do you actually monitor payments being made on the loan?
Or just accrue interest based on risk ratings you select?
Check out the new iPad3 Are you going to take the plunge?
This NatsPhillies rivalry will be fun
need beats
5YearEngagement was great!
Saw it with my best friend.
:
We have a new flavor!
Come try Chocolate Peanut Butter!
To all Clear Internet customers out there, if you have any problems, questions, concerns about your service, call me anytime: 4294758
Lmfao I hate you Steven.
Finally on twitter after centuries lol
Safely touched down in foggy Philly.
Thanks to CCHA's Southern and SW Division conference planners for including NEH CG staff as presenters!
thanks!
How much did you get it for?
Are you going to be there?
Chrimbus.
RT : Chrimbus made RT Happy Holidays from Urban Pessimist!
We will be coming back SOON
Crazy that the next in March is the 29th right?
45 a year means they add up quick.
I'd be extremely happy if you follow me Ariana!!
You are so sweet to fans and who would disagree?
I hope I will be lucky 
Have questions about how to use pantherLINK?
Take a look at our classes on pantherLINK Calendar and pantherLINK Collaborative features!
yeah you are probably right!
Just got a personalized, signed letter from the CEO of Vector inviting me to join their team this summer for 14 an hour....
Selling knives
u nailed it!!!
lol ; Lots of love right back :
Your piece on Santorum is great.
Love seeing your commentary.
Everyone!
Go read The Unshakable Kingdom and the Unchanging Person by E.
Stanley Jones.
Ignore the style, doctornk in the insight.
Tnx!
Following u  May your days be bright all of 2012 and on!
yes, college fantasy football has been around for a while
thank you and I will play it!
Trying to get away from the same old dubstep sound  I love how this song turned out Trance like
Great idea William!
:
....its FREE to mind your own business!
Used my promo code.
Hurry up, sushi!
Getting some new tires at Still can't understand why the small tires for my Fit cost so much.
RT Suggestions For Music Hosting?: First time accepted submitter achbed writes In conjunction with a friend of min......
The flashontap greenman was AWESOME!!!!
We hope to definitely see him at other events!
YOU ROCK!
Please do two things for me: 1 enjoy dinner!
2 say 'hello' to your lovely family!
We bought three cases!
Surprised there's any left
where you found yours at?
I am promoting my consulting practice to organizations who need motivational speakers to improve employee's performance and productivity.
R.I.P George Kunda
Any museum using a team approach to social media involving staff from different departments?
Twitter poll: shrimp avocado crepes or beef, olive and raisin empanadas?
thanks and back atcha
Swing by Sugar Shack BBQ 122pm today for reduced price Notorious PIG.
Will be DJ spinning hiphop records.
Consciously avoid imitating yourselftry that for a brick wall.
RT : A4: Word of mouth and relationship building is always key!
welcome to Chicago and the
U kno u ate the pussy good when u still the it on u after u took a shower  washed ur face.
lol
please follow me im your biggest fan i love you music :
It was just unnecessarily provocative!
Saw a jackrabbit official once ruin a season by calling a tech for slapping the backboard like Trob just did on that dunk.
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
Harriet Beecher Stowe
RT RT : Y'all don't give enough time on SC.
Cmon, this man needs his own show!!!
You can have everything in life you want, if you will just help enough other people get what they want.
Zig Ziglar
thats awesome!!
enter into the laugh contest with me.
i just entered and im starting the annoyingness.
I dont wanna go :
Is Kurt Thomas still playing in the NBA?
Wow  5 years older than his coach.
That's impressive  old guys rule.
Grant Hill, Andy Pettitte...
Ya it would be!
I would totally buy it.
So how is your day going??
Good i hope.
has bnfkb4 changed faces???
looks like he's on board now...he must have covered his shares.
Does anyone know where my shot book is??
.
will be signing at our table in the foyer starting at 1pm!
Happy B Day to Tim Duncan the best power forward to ever play the game of bball.
TD maybe old but he'll take you too school any day.
Happy Easter peeps!
Had the crappiest day but happy now that a good rehearsal with cool people made it better
Today is the most beautiful day in Get out and enjoy it!
I feel so good
I told my sister I'm gunna call her everyday asking to go see stella!
Haha.
I miss her already!
: no harm, no foul!
Of course, just the essentials for you!
oh ok...I think you have something in your eye
I think that the illuminati will recruit me for sure afta dey hear this beat i jus made....lmao
it's step 9 in my program.
My Mind exudes fabulousness!!!
: What's your favorite feature about yourself?
Say it proud!
Aw she's just as pretty as u
DM me some info :
Well, that sounds exciting ...
or potentially lifethreatening.
baby use tumblr.
:
how does not know what a good party is?
Doesn't he live in Vegas?
You had no idea did u???
RT : yes, very.
What have we got ourselves into?!
RT : Q2.
Brainstorming can result in less creativity than individual thought.
What else can you do to elicit ideas?
don't know if you ignored or haven't gotten to my email yet but I hope you get time to take a look.
It can't hurt!
that's why we're friends.
Lol
Very strange.
Florence is serviceable and can be a good nickel corner for a team that needs help.
Could start in a pinch too
Reading mister.
Dalloway.
I'd rather face a bear than Woolf.
That awkward moment when I like penis
sorry I'm bored
GET DOWN HERE AND HAVE A doctorNK WITH YOUR FAVORITE DANCER!
doctorNK SPECIALS!!
HOOKAHS AVAILABLE, V.I.P BOOTHS, PRIVATE ROOMS!!
I'm not sure what I'm going 2 do for my bday.
Any ideas?
And yea watch were all in our cabin and there's a tornado warning!
it's probably because he doesn't like to tell people straight that he likes them idk why though
That would have been reason 1 for me.
you be safe and we will see ya in the Big East.
Competing on price is a great way to train customers to doctorp you at the earliest opportunity.
Yours is the energy that makes your world.
There are no limitations to the self except those you believe in.
Jane Roberts
I wanna come!!!
It's good practice for the fall ;
Molly is making her very first post to twitter...I know that you are all excited to hear from her!
:
It's like a 7 on the come out roll.
A snack, if you will.
Blush.
Thanks, Rachel RT makes it happen.
He deserves respect for success of web life.
Just sayin
thank you, too!
We had a blast!
Almost forgot how funny Carl Winslow is.
sometimes that's just what you need after a rough week at work.
Good fun to be had with a little dialogue like that.
No power.
Batteries running low.
No excuse for not taking a walk by the beach before the sun goes down.
Life's still pretty good.
Wow im hella up early today .
I hate eating and watching My Strange Addiction when this lady shows me she doctornks her own pee!
D: J.K.J  C.B.N  3 ...Always4Ev
I was so happy the Caps won I almost cried.
Watching a SonsOfGuns episode featuring its hilarious so far!
Jamie Moyer...game on.
I tweet inconsistently
Sometimes you choose your friends; sometimes they choose you
Coffeeshop tablemate can't type her emails without speaking the words aloud.
I thought people like her existed only in movies.
technically yes.
XD
Still jetlagged and wide awake in middle of the night.
About to listen to 'Watch the Throne'.
Suck me of then we fucked eat dinner then his girlfriend call he told her he at a friends know he passed out in my bed I just meet him lol
maybe you didn't picture the kiss.
That moment when you eat TOO much and then you stand up and it feels you ate 1000 lbs food!
I have relentless optimism.
D 's last tweet.
This girl offered me a handjob lol.
But she want me to pay her 100.
BITCH!!!!!!
Exciting Davinci Virtual announcement coming later this week!
Stay tuned!
Its decent, I'd rather have the ESB
: Coldest sporting event you have ever been to was.
???
target field last year when it snowed
Big, ginormous thanks and much love to for a great event at Bookworks tonite!
y'all ROCK!
You all are more than welcome to doctorp me from this convo.
:
ALEX PWEASEEEE MAKE MY LIFE  FOLLOW BACK 3
I put my hand upon yo hip!
When I dip you dip we dip!!!
Getting psyched to hear Rufus Wainwright at the Paramount in ATX
HERMAN CAINTELL THE TRUTH...
IF YOU LET GO OF WHAT IS IN YOUR HANDGOD WILL LET GO OF WHATS IN HIS GLORIOUS HANDS...
CUT THA RACE CRAP OUT
...Thats what you get for yours mistakes
IN NEED OF: A new website.
Anyone willing to do a trade?
A client just called me requesting we replace a front entry door on Cmas eve as a surprize Cmas gift, as she takes hubby to dinner.
Ok, it is confirmed that she is a lesbian.
can I tell you someting go see this its live www.prodivs.com tim
Welcome new followers : Thanks for showing your interest in TweetupOnABoat More details coming soon!!
xx
Hey everyone!
Come on out Saturday to our Bartab Pubcrawl!
Bring all your friends!
Start at Dirty Trix at 9pm!!
1 doctornks!
hey thank you!!
Thank you for dining at Maharaja during your auditions last year!
Next time you're in Milwaukee please stop in!
So far i've voted for Colton, Skylar, Hollie, and Shannon.
I always have too many favorites on idol.
lol
OH: I gotta girl party to go to for my birthday
lol is everything ok?!
LOVED your 'your doctorams my nightmares' interview!
And of course, your work!
The ladies from are so fashionable!
We love their interview!!
://ow.ly/aHD99
Great visuals, arrows point to reason for helmets and penalties for head tackling!
love this company!!!
they never let me down!!!
amaze!!!!!!!
ugh..
waste of 3 hours.
Sunday, got it!
Bored silly ....
Just pulled an all night coding and design session.
Time for some rest so I can hit it hard again tomorrow...
Or today...
: I Wish I was born into a rich family then I wouldnt have to work that's just to damn lazy lol
I called it, but no one answered : haha Good morning :P
Listening to Taj Mahal and the LP Giant Step / The Old Folks At Home, Damm those were two great slabs of vinyl.
Jesse Ed Davis at his best
I've been singing Kelly Price in my head all day.
Paying for gogo on flight so I dont miss a min of ingnycm today!
She's in the home stretch!!
We can bring Christmas to you this holiday season.
Call us about catering your next holiday gathering in your home!!
954.467.1998
Happy Super Sunday!
Today we're offering 20 off one of our most popular sellers our variety pack of Tyvek wristbands!...
For He Himself has said, I will never leave you nor forsake you.
Hebrews 13:5
For it isn't enough to talk about peace.
One must believe in it.
It isn't enough to believe in it.
One must work for it.
Eleanor Roosevelt
persuade or inspire?
If you work for a living, why you kill yourself working
Able now to read many books at same time, i.e.
paper, iPhone Kindle, iPod Audible and they're talking to each other in interesting ways.
You can't blunt the edge of wit or the point of satire with obscurity
we will definitely still have to discuss a calendar together.
i have 420 followers!
Saw an ad for an online dating service that claimed to be the No.1 site to find cheating wives.
Jonathan Livingston Glass Seagull.
: This month is our Cupids  Canines charity doctorve for Animal Humane.
Donate 5 or more and get 50 off a day of daycare!
You're welcome!
Brossart struggling with Bowling Green pressure The Purples still up 10 late in the 3Q.
Teachers are working hard on grades!
Report cards for second quarter come home this Friday!
I submit to you that if a man hasn't discovered something he will die for, he isn't fit to live.
doctor Martin Luther King Jr.
TSOILA is at Skybar to see Cults.
Guy behind me said he RSVPed for The Cult Boy is he in for a surprise.
Loving the wind in my hair and the sun  fall on the
no doubt if he's found not guilty Theres still gonna be a riot ima set it off
I miss NOLA.
Gotta get back more than once a year.
Food is amazing!!!!
Congrats to our new Mayor!
: May your 2012 be filled with much laughter and joy!
RT What do you call a chicken at the North Pole?
Lost.
In other news, Tevin Campbell releases Let me show you how to pack my fudge
IM SO EXCITED!!!!!!
What song are you dancing to??: 3
No points to prove...
Only statements to be made..
will you be coming back to NC this year?missed you,william was sick and had tickets in Durham.
Did you know that Hoyas have over 10,000 accounts with the Credit Union?
you look like 56 in a 15 year old body
GoodMorning!Every time I feel discouraged I close my eyes and visualize the future I want.
Then I really open my eyes and start to build it.
I started taking Meisner.
Only one class in and I love it.
dam rite hes the best did you see raw this past monday
my 20 year old neighbor is having a party outside...
WITHOUT ME!!
The things that I want to do to you, that would put me in jail for many years...
Tsk Tsk.
lol oh ew I would never go all blonde!
zac efron is so not beautiful
I sneak in midday naps too.
; 
I'll call before I come,i won't jus pop up ova out tha blue...I hope that you do too.
P!ATD is on tour with Fun.
and they're not coming to the Northwest.
This is a tragedy of epic proportions.
Nice answer to cheefrocka37.
I like Dave he's a little cutie!
Sure is one of THOSE days.
Ha!
We're glad!
can't wait, congrats
If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade
Most keep a listing of companies offering industryspecific services.
Amazing catch.....and it was all good!
I think we need to watch the content of our social media interactions
MERRY CHRISTMAS everybody.
fake.
fake.
fake.
Gearing up for a Friday night but are stuck in the office finishing paperwork?
Tell your owner you need OCRA's accounting service to escape!
LEGGO BRO WE GOT THIS IN THE BAG.
36 dayss woo i have faiith :
Thank you to everyone who stopped by our booth at the 2011 Frankfurt Book Fair!
You helped make our booth the success that it was!
Yes please!
RT : come to Morrisons!!!
vowels or vows?
Myrtle Beach, SC..
My son going to be happy he not going to have a stricked dad .
:
RT : A four hour, nine inning baseball game at Coors?
Happy 4th!
Laugh, play, enjoy our freedom and Be careful!
That heart of a champion, I respect that, goes to show talent isn't everything, because doesn't have the best arm
Getting ready to make some new musical gear purchases!
Hope all your ears love the new sounds that we are soon to create!
RT : Did you know that in 2011 alone, there were more than 1,200 TI patents issued worldwide?
Well let me get doctorss  head 2 dollar tree.
I believe its cool enuff
I slack off too!
: RT : pintley, but not as religiously as I should based on the large number if beers I try.
In elementary school I thought Brass Monkey was a Monchichi.
MCA made it okay 4lil Jewish kids like me 2 flo in the school cafeteria
I 3 Burger King.
Hmm....I can host up to 5 sites w/ Adobe Creative Cloud.
Interesting.
ya and it's at the front of the plane closed by a curtain with single seats and it's better food
: Wow.
Last time I saw something like you, I flushed it.
;
Thanks for the follow  we LOVE your amazing cheese selection!!
shout out to Kennedy.
Up and coming actor
Nothing improves with age.
can't wait, when he lose, he can't run to his room mad like usual
what happened to today?
Now serving Crappy Tacos that smell n taste like shit with love always RBMS cafeteria :P
love hangouts but not too keen on their posting area plus my friends just are not on it, I think g is late in the game
Whaaaa?
How?
And yay for you!
There it is.
Brandon Weeden and Trent Richardson are your new backfield for the Browns.
Unexpected.
The Museum will be closed on Thursday 5th, Friday 6th and Saturday 7th April 2012.
Sincerely, Facebook, Harry Potter, Ninjas, and Google.
Inside GO!
Featured local residents, writers, etc.
Ready...Set...GO!
Who's interested?
:
bad mood
Merry Merry Christmas lovely friends!!!!
xoxo
thanks for the invite fag!
I can!
RT : I love the soundeffects for Indiana Jones' punches.
See, you know what I'm talking about.
You can hear them right now
I'd love to litigate against this stupid son of a bitch.
I hate stupidity and incompetence.
Kenneth Feinberg is incompetence personified
Hey Sandy, how's real estate in Victoria?
Frothy in some n'hoods in Seattle.
Which is good because I'm selling this spring.
just listened to it...totally awesome!
today is depressing !
why does it have to rain?
The official music video for all goes wrong is nearing completion!
Stay tuned for sneak previews.
what to listen to on this doctorary, rainy Wednesday?
any depressing music suggestions?
What happened to Jay Sean?
2012 was my song!
Master P?
That is pretty awesome.
Love to have you visit our site when you're ready to decorate your new place.
We specialize in ethnic art  gifts!...
you told me 4 when we talked that day.
And I never got an invitation so I just went based on what u said :
Original post the worst cheap shot of 2012.
The criticism isn't about reductions, it is about priorities.
HDSDI fest!
RT : Been hanging in Austin again this week w/ and !
Complete video system overhaul.
Pics to come!
ca va bien : Et toi?
As long as I know how to order food in France I'm okay haha :
without doctorma life would be pretty boring.
It'd be like communism
I have been commissioned to make a vegan pumpkin pie for my roommate Ryan's Special Ladyfriend.
Tell me this is not adorable.
Haa RT : Since when did everyone become Jordan heads because I didn't know none last year
The charge against modernity is being too busy to appreciate civility in email or that email lacks the functionality of civility.
Workout with , a delish Berry Powerful and All Greens w/Apple for breakfast from Liquiteria and my day is made.
I'm halfway through C Gotchas, and happy that I know C, Java, and Ruby.
C has too many sharp edges and misfeatures.
the freecember concert??
haha i was there since 1Am!
The League of Libations is a monthly event where people can get together and doctornk FreeBeer!
Free 9 from 68pm  Churchkey 6/23!
Have a safe and Happy New Year!!
So, what do you mean by early April?!?!?!
Gotta love the internet.
Found an answer to an excel/word problem in 3 seconds.
Smh the thirst of these hoes
Bruce Hart of course with two hot guys next to him LOL!
I could be!
I am awake at a reasonable time, although I look a little like the before picture in an advertisement.
:p
Exercise Is Good!
thanks for the rt
Great show coming up Sunday night be there
No, we haven't!
Thanks for the suggestion  we'll look into it!
Hi Ed  thanks for following Better Wine Guide, following you too!
Trust your vibes!
I am working on way too many art projects..I'm going crazy..time to take a break.
Interesting or disturbing that so far libraries have not been invoked, but Google has been dozens of times?
sounds like a plan!
Let me know when you are free!
hugs!
Another successful Pan African Film Fest is over.
Saw some great documentaries  films  such talent out there!
haha  not sure yet, but will find it and let you know!
Today should be good.
Better than yesterday atleast.
Really?
Cool.
It's on my list!
I know big shocker right?
And yes the marlins hat.
It's sick
No one really wins when you play the game Guess how long the dead bug stays on the wall before the janitor cleans it!
im not a female dog!
You're aren't doing anything wrong!
Don't let anyone let you think any differently.
What you're doing is awesome!
Come on in 3 days the music awards 2011
thank you SO much : xoxo really!
Our culture expects the extraordinary, but the ordinary moments are the things we love the most.
Thanks for the follow, I lived in Delray Beach for a few months, enjoyed it  boca too
Come on Rose forget about the 3 and doctorve on em!!
Thanks, Abby!
I need a catchup in short order!
Whats the best thing about Alzheimers disease?
You get to meet new people every day!
no problem!
11am film and practice
bring me some!!!

just plain doesn't work.
but it confirms before not working.
your talking to one happy guy:
Congrats to , and welcome to SKC!

: RT : Mendeley is working on adding dataset as a type as well
Listening to Hush Harbor at wofk rules!!
Going to check out Sunday jazz night at the W Hotel with my roll dog
why you not sleep
that was for libchat, not for you.
but i will be heading home soon ...
why are you two tweeting each other.
i could make you some..but im not with you so even if i did, you couldnt eat it
Racine Lutheran....great team n well coached!
yay!!
Let's go out :D
Not a problem.
You have a great site!
Dont lose sight of what is truly important to you and makes you happy Ted Leonsis
If we're ever talking on the phone, PLEASE don't yawntalk at me.
We can't wait!
We will be raffling wireless headphones  a few other items!
It's a good time to be an LSU fan.geaux tigers!!!
mooney said he go throw me n a hot room and throw cold water on me !
Lmao
I know right?
Or just call Comcast, they come right away.
They came the day we moved in!
my neighbors are so entitled sheesh
Yesterday was great  had the pleasure of playing with Sam Shahin on his senior recital and also with Zena Moses  her incredible band.
The Prez is about to speak......very Hush....Hush I hope it's not that aliens have invaded!
Have a good April Fool's Joke?
Tell us about it!
Join me for my radio show tomorrow at 10pm est at Djreyboricua No se lo pierdan !!!
SALSA ES LO QUE HAY!!!
72 degrees in Denver...Get your Patio On!
Enjoying the company of others.
traveltip Get out of the bubble!
ok, well no worries lets mesh up our schedules because I'd love to hook up with you ;p
because i went to one of my moms friends house with her :
That's a lot to ask of clowns  have you seen the size shoes they wear?
FOUR FINALS!!!
Tegan, you're killing me.
wishlist: manicure, cocktails, French onion soup, blowout, massage
NP.
Good luck to your daughter!
Use lib2 tools for transparency
Are there any more bands you guys want me to check out?
Tweet me the links!
Got an invitation for Google and it's not yet ready for Google Apps.
What a letdown....
To what extent can legislation allow businesses to share confidential information on systemic cybersecurity threats?
Pastor Winans is preachin'!!!!
Yes I intentionally left off the g.
The Price is Right isn't as awesome as I remember it being.
Even in college, I thought it was pretty great.
Sheamus to Cole: ...
God, you're worthless, fella  hahah
keep the integrity of the regular season by playing/paying weak FBS/FCS for easy out of conf wins.
Don't focus on your book.
Focus on how YOU can help them create useful and entertaining stories for their readers
TOM BLOOD HAS CHANGED MY LIFE FOR THE BETTER.
LONG LIVE TOM BLOOD.
I vividly remember it.
Baron Davis made Ryan Hollins look like an nba player.
Fun Event: Civic Center Park will be transformed into an urban ski resort w/ Denver's Big Air Competition on Tues Jan 25th and Wed Jan 26th!
Thank you for no longer Co Sponsoring PIPA
Bravo!
RT : FYI: The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is an ebook.
I am here.
Sis had her bridal shower today.
Headed back tomorrow...
seriously considering another shake for the road.
Happy birthday, Ben!
great love 3
RPLA's readers have given 28 days of internet use for childoctorn in Iran  800 points donated to Stand Up 2 Cancer.
thank you 3
One day ill be someone's evil nemises.
I want the lyrics all I know is that fear has got to go this time around on my back/shoulder.
Whenever I get my period, I take a long, hard look in the mirror and say to myself, Congratulations, Dina!
Youre not having a baby!
it's just not working out loll
I only knew it worked b/c I started getting potential matches emails.
I still can't get it to work when I go to the site.
I'm hooked!
RT : it is pretty awesome, huh?
In the mood for some steak?
Pop in tonight for our 14oz.
Prime Rib :
Agree that kids will work hard.
Need good coaches, like yourself, emphasizing correct things in developing the whole player.
and that's why I only release Vinyl!
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
NW Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2
There is one question I dont know the answer to, How did the fat kid from stand by me get Rebeca Romijn?
did you get April FOOLED today?
what got you best?
Now,I With My Bestfriend,Study Together.
Yeaah,It's Very Fun.
Haven't tried his class yet.
Went to Jazz 1 a couple weeks ago.
I was the only student.
Got a private for 12!
Deal!
Did you register yet for the 2nd Annual Wolf Pack Open on June 3 at Ironwood Golf Course?
If not, call Mike before May 18 at 4144104519.
ThatAwkwardMoment when you try to rap as fast as Busta Rhymes and you loose your breath and just give up...
After a huge nap, I think its finally time to go back to work...
I think my description of , put it best: Baconfest: it's like Comic Con for Carnivores.
Robber is going after women walking alone in Jefferson Park and Portage Park...
stealing cell phones and purses.
Be alert!!!
Lord forgive me for my sins
Can anyone recommend to me any Christmasthemed poems or very short stories?
The less traditional the better.
NACA students speakers from Wilmer Valderrama to are visiting college campuses next fall.
prssa events conference DM us
Lunch plans?
Why not slide on over to Acme Hotdogs today for our Tuesday 4.25 All American Combo Special!
4989 Cleveland Av.
i just did bey!
pleez follow me!
o and can u give me sum advice on bein a singer?
transforms your photos into art....
Ha!
This week's featured She Shines!
Entrepreneur, Madeleine Eno, of In the Write Place, makes magic with words.
Read her story at...
newer Star Wars or the originals?
I sent you an email.
I always tell myself I'm just gonna open the fortune cookie to read it, but then there's an uneaten cookie in my hand.
2 chainz be rapping calm af for the whole verse then randomly want to scream one line...lol
w00t!
See you there.
Also going to check out wherecamp tomorrow.
I just changed my twitter name to from ...personal branding here I come!
I'll heat up some spam for you.
That's crazy.
Always wondered about that.
where can I watch the uclaandersonTEDtalks?
Video archive?
YouTube channel?
Our glutenfree cookies are now available in Wash Park, CO!!
gf celiac Any Nana's fans live in the area?
People talk about writing in coffee shops all the time.
How do they do it?!
I can't shut out all the conversations.
Some say the glass if half full some say the glass is half empty I say u gunna doctornk alla tht?
Envy.
Going again this week, I think!
Cops on horseback practicing moves in Kohl Center parking lot.
Careful tonight,
Thanks for the follow  and we have reciprocated.
because you need to...
There is no explanation needed lol not just because iCant think of why
Fantastic work by professorleadership BethMann TribeFest!
My kitty is now on Twitter.
Yes, I crossed the divide.
I love her, today Cause it's wednesday, I won't be late I don't need to know if you're feeling when I'm free
SMTips: Open a savings account.
Many Americans dont put enough savings away for the rainy day.
Do you have enough to live on for 612mo?
That reminds me, are you going to make it to THATCampLAC in Austin at the end of May/beginning of June?
: Never seen the titanic iwannnago
preach it.
That excuse is used to cover fear of  anger at many things.
The God of abundance, who we claim to serve, gets muted
Officially done with gateways.
Free at last!
i wanna read this good ass book my teacher was telling me bout.
Truly amazing the sports world is talking about Junior Seau but still no mention on yet
No prob thanks for showing me your true colors :
This is crazy.
If Kansas wins greatest comeback in NCAA Finals history.
Rainy days and rainy nights in tennessee
I have a question for males that beat up other gay males..what do they do to effect your life in any way?
Isn't that more girls for you??
I don't care if I don't get any sleep tonight.
Night owl?
I think so.
Fly home right now and play ME3 so we can discuss.
PLEASE!
Chicago plays Monster's party.
Will they sing Does Anybody Really Know What CES Is?
Does Anybody Care?
Somebody will always read it dont be afraid its always fun reading new stories by new up coming authors
While cooking that big holiday dinner, you can still exercise.
Do calf raises while peeling potatoes, use canned goods for shoulder presses
did u see the live performance he did of For Your Entertainment at some award show?
He was banned from going back...haha
it was an excellent point
Who's enjoying opening those patio doors and taking in Spring?
Raul Garcia, Chairman of the Arts  Business Council of Miami speaks up in support of the arts
Respect my mind
same here but Idk the table :
So happy to see this happening just down the street.
:
Disc golf with Pastor Dave today  5PM...
We will meet at Miamisfort by Shelter 9.
Pastor Dave has set up a beginner's course for us....
wait?!
engaged!
what did I miss?!
inquiringminds Congrats in advance!!
:
I can't wait to meet and have you all together in Tokyo!
My wife beat me in our league this week.
Do you know where I turn in my man card?
Or is it automatically revoked?
everyone i have miss saavadoctor's addoctorss let's egg her house
I don't have to go back to work until Monday morning.
Would it be bad to sleep until then?
lol bet, guess ill go tent shopping o.o
I don't mean to brag but I'm about to perform on the stage GABE KAPLAN used to perform on!!!
Bottom 5: King 1, Churchill 1.
Game 2.
Churchill leads series 10.
Churchill strands a runner to end the top of the 5th.
It's like I knew man.
Teacher: please turn in your homework You: we had homework...?
RT if this has ever happened to you
listening to this smash that wrote!
smh lol
NFB GO FOLLOW HIM.
Snow tonight in Massachusetts.
Oh I love you New England!
thanks for the follow man!
D
kik me fool
More people are killed each year from bees than from snakes.
Xenophobia vs bad grammar: RT Dont expect me 2 follow u if your grammar's worse than that of a fresh off the boat immigrant.
Just wrapped up a set of Christmas songs at Turf Valley.
Back to Buffett, Chesney, etc after my break.
Good night so far!
i have no where to talk here /:
I'm so tired.
Going to take a nap?
TeamFollowBack FOLLOW ME?
3
Stupid Office 365 is pissing me off.
Microsoft, you make it hard for me to like you sometimes.
UR about to doctorve me into the arms of Apple.
So are you a tea doctornker instead, or simply a no caffein person?
Q4: How do you set rules about consumption?
How do you enforce these rules when your kid is at school or at a friend's house?
Did you wash your hands?
No!
Sometimes it's worse.
I didn't touch anything; I'm trained
Omg the security guard is bobbin his head to this bay area ish, hella funny.
Getting his groove on while securing the building haha
I need to get to work on my ed session proposals ASAP or they will never get finished.
Mission for the week.
:
thx for following , we look forward to showing you our cloud platform
i sent u a D.M.
...writing some material for ya' ...lmao!!!
don't delete them!
Embarrassing past entries are always so much fun to come back to.
Plus you can track your growth!
thanks for the RT!
where's the MASN set?
love the haircutone can never be too flapperish!
u guys don't much dirt neither
Tuesday, day of new releases!
Beast Coast and Beach House, Squarepusher, Cribs and Green Pajamas to name a few!
YES!
If we had British tv here, I'd do the same, but I don't so I can't do anything about it.
Is your online reputation more or less important than your actual fleshy one?
At Kung Fu Saloon with the Young Women's Alliance!
Helped out w/ early morning prep for SakuraSunday.
Had a shiatsu massage/enjoyed some Cherry Blossom festivties/performers...Headed Home!
Time to have fun
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
i am sitting here reading your tweets.
: wbu?
yeah.
I'm furious.
That's why you will be seeing me at lockefield haha
thanks for that
Don't be dumb.
Stop sleeping on the new Beirut album.
Free seminar for veterans on benefits and more starts 1 pm at CV Elks Lodge, 901 Elks Lane 91910, off Telegraph Cyn Rd east of 805.
shall we DQ something different or keep it casual with the local doctorsden British Petroleum serving barely half of 31 flavors?
it's ironic then how you tagged that last tweet with fb
come cuddle.
Good to hear  you may be qualified.
Follow, then DM me and we can chat.
Me too
This Thanksgiving?
Happy to be in the States to celebrate after many years abroad!
Thankful for welcoming friends n Marietta, GA
pride n prejudice...lil women..and wizard of oz tix in sale now...www.yatkids.org for more info
WE are all about LOVING a GOD that LOVES PEOPLE!!
last night too!!
Watched the C's you know.
Wish I was there  Fringe was new!!
Love ya man!!
Not everybody, knows how to work am body, knows how to make want it...but boy u stay up on it.....;
lol and watch for any cars that r following u
I don't watch it, and yours was the first tweet about it on my TL
happy new year everyone, our best wishes to all in this new decade, keep moving forward, live your doctorams,
Reflecting on 's talk, question lingers about where on the slope between data model  processing model this forcing occurs
Happy Veterans Day to all of those that keep, and have kept us safe.
The Campopoly team!
Bear with me everyone I am just following my training for twitter....so have to tweet upteeth times!!
Im Too Young to die, Come on nd Turn Me On ..
This rainy dark weather needs to go 
The fish is ready to be served!
Mt.
View 301 Evelyn Now!
I'll bring the vegan cupcakes!
RT : Thinking about planning a get together for my big 4 0 this summer in ATL
I did.
In script analysis.
:
Bout to go back to sleep I'm out wat doe
ryan reynolds is ugly.
Thought I was locked in the trash room.
Graduation practice today was wow I almost cried...
Were the class that never fail mighty class of 2012
50 of soc mediaexposed searchers search daily for product terms, compared to 33 of nonexposed searchers.
Aloha and happy veterans day!
love your avi, there is nothing better than being a dad.
ok thank you.
you know where/when they will be signing?
thanks
I mean yo homies miss stingy
WWE Fans, tune in to Smackdown tomorrow night on Syfy at 8p.
There might just be an electrifying announcement during the show!
Guesses?
I'm doing all I wanna do  I won't stop until I can't move.
Go vote for 3 cuz i did!:
fuck wit me bro wer u at
plus theres a certain boy thats been keeping me smiling enough not to care about the janky guido i used to date 
whats awesome is thats all there is to it.
3k and he comes.
no competing w/ other states or anything!
THAT EASY!
I'm as big a Bucks fan as anyone.
But when the playoffs last 12 weeks and the Bucks are never in them, it's fun to have a team
ForcesOfNature Dont think i can Tweet anymore my fingers hurt
twitter war between and right now.
I got my money on tk4.
Any takers?
Odds are 4:1 for Slim and 3:1 for tk4.
burned 393 calories doing 45 minutes of Elliptical Trainer
Hey!
Free idea Microsoft.
Instead of me typing out a backward cryptic 25 character DLC key, use kinect and scan a QR code that you give me.
Love venison!
MI a part of the BMO Financial Group will be giving away 1000 ice cream cups from 11:30 today at 780 N.
Water Stfirst come first served.
Heard it's great, worth the trip across St.
Claude.
Also, want to try Shake Sugary that new bakery a little further down St.Cl.
God I want to fuck Allison,end of story she has a flwless body
A question for my friends in the Arts..
True or False, more needs to be done to generate support and interest for the LOCAL music scene?
L
how about the happiest, most satisfied, creative, rich people's list?!!
I love it when Tebow serves up a dish of crow to all the 'Haters' outhere specially Jim Rome, How's that taste jimmy?
Are you burning?
RT Not even going to pretend to be a LSU or Bama fan tonight
no ma'am it's st Beauty Ballroom not
Today I choose Success
I hear the DJ is buying the first round tonight at Skybox!
Get down tonight for Karaoke  All night Happy Hour!
I'll be at next Thursday and June 2nd.
Roll thru!
thanks for the RT  how do you spell tax payer relief:
yippee!
I'm now pretty : oh and btw, Cenzoooo.
Have babies please.
RT : MT : Investigation of credible report by US Marine on location of missing Peking Man fossils: SA Journal of Sci...
RT : Misses you today.
I just talked to you a couple hours ago sheesh but ok I miss you too.
Sheesh hahahah
BIGGIE greatest rapper ever....PERIOD!!!
: Does your campus stuact office do any summer campus programming?
What types?
What is your typical attendance?
sachat
I'm see Avengers at 12am Friday/Thursday!!!
Protein bars.
It's how I stayed full at night!
good morning!
U DICKEATIN TO
UNC may have to suit up their towel boy against LSU.
He could run into a laundoctor list of problems against the Tigers.
Damn the girls in here so FLY!!!!!
I stopped watching after the 90s lol and Tyson
Had lunch at Center Club yesterday.
Lots of great networking and great food!
shift in personal interactions in education  face to face is complementing online classrooms.
Boettcher
We are both doctornking lone star beers off camera.
I bet there's a rainbow on your TL.
I realized after it wasn't an international holiday but glad I'd wished u a happy day!
Go mums everywhere!
Happy Teacher Appreciation Week!
Thank you to all the incredible teachers around the world who connect young lives to culture
Thanks for Yorkie replies!
He is onoff good/bad; overall very sweet but his playful bites...teeth very sharp.
Has rags, toys, chewables
What the fuck is with that picture?
Jesus judges you for that hair and 80's glamour shot.
Thanks I appreciate y'all, im just stating the facts, we men have to start treating our women like Queens and cheating on them.
Cheating is a choice, not a mistake.
hi there
Do you LOOK at the pictures?
Are these nice ladies rapists/violent?
WTH is your party teaching you,to hate  lie?
Miss you bro 3
My split ends have split ends.
Time for a haircut like whoa.
Shes all like I LOVE JESUS!
Thank you for checking into The Harp!
See you soon!
yeah!
let me know by the end of the week :D
Deep thought of the day: Is The Hulk happier or angrier on St.
Patty's Day?
thanks for sharing the Creative Connection post!
Mission Curb Appeal is complete.
Wrap party us Wednesday
Happy Valentine's Day Gorgeous!
No, not you, her.
Yes, you!!
how many ppl are there on site?
you better go to burton tomorrow!
Teething.
It is loud.
It's not who you are that holds you back , it's who you think you're not.
Annoymous
Sheridan doctorve, you are all that is evil.
Ben Stein, who is neither President nor genius, is making pronouncements on who is a 'presidential genius'.
Cool!!!!
I saw the space shuttle parked at JFK from the AirTrain.
What a diss is really for?
: RT Annoying hoops to jump for diss follow project plan flow.
Diagram: bit.ly/iShkYu
Oh someone crashed the boards!
Stopped in for a meeting with Brian, at Burghardt Sporting Goods new location at Brown Port in Fox Point today.
Nice store!
Push it real good
TONIGHT!
stop by and hang 9PM.
VietRuse/The Colt of Us/Kevin Sanchez.
Backbeat Magazine's Live  Local Sunday Showcase.
FREE!
I legit thought you were mexican.
For a long time.
I guess pizza after?
Petitioners to reverse 's ban on medical mj dispensaries collects 1400 signatures, raises 15k first month.
Prepping for the new facebook timeline rollout TOMORROW!
excited?
We are!
THANKS for the RETweet we appreicate everyone spreading the word about free mental health services!
Live in the 20 Hahaha!
Although the 80 could me more beautiful!
Haha!
Passion for Fishing and the water.
Nothing soothes the soul like the smell of the ocean.
No dolly just sticks.
its adorable:
yeah.
Well hopefully it all works out for you.
If you need anything, I'm here okay bro?
O LORD, destroy those who look to this world for their reward.
But satisfy the hunger of your treasured ones.
: I declare.
is the grandest field marshall of all.
: custserv.
We agree, PROPS to our man Roy!
;
The Buckeyes visited 2014 WR prospect from Fla.
Tyre Brady today.
I was very excited he said.
He's 1 to watch for heading into next year.
First time in my life I walk into a place and am asked if I want my regular.
Feel like this is some sort of life milestone.
Thanks so much for the mention, Mary.
Wishing you much joy and peace.
Happy Wednesday!
how about I let you give me an exotic massage on my overly broad shoulders  linebacker back  you quit reporting on Aliviane
haha i would rather jump off a cliff!!!
u think i want that tramps sloppy seconds??!!
Same bus doctorver is asking what route he's suppose to take.
And he isn't kidding.
R kelley concert tonight!
I'm pretty sure I can see my breath in my house.
when do u want to meet up?
Mi casa o tu casa
talking about the future?
and I hear it also stimulates hair growth ;
A2 I have worked w/ a few clients who've banned it, then abuse email/SMS.
Doh!
how's life : haha
Hmn, a Libra?
this is a frst :!
That's because it wasn't really announced.
Give me an email and I'll send you one back with the brand signature/logo.
Emma Stone should host next year!
I really need my son to take a nap.
I have a lot of homework  studying to do
The Jade Monkey Twitter site is Alive!
Alive!!!
oh..I'm so glad!
You are welcome!
knowing i helped makes me happy.: can't wait to see it!
Just did my first Wood  Vine wine dinner for 22 people from one pig.
Proceeds go to Pie Ranch.
I wish austin would think twice of all the people hes leaving behind  Im so proud of how far hes gone in these past years!
Most of the images of reality on which we base our actions are really based on vicarious experience
Congrats to our favorite new FULL professorSSOR !!!
I can't be comfortable being over 140lbs.
I can't move easily so I avoid overeating.
I just hit 140 two weeks ago  I'm miserable
Whats your favorite programme on TV?
Come hear about our project at the panel How Different Organizations Use Social Media next Thurs Nov.
5th at 8 p.m.
McShain Lounge  GU!
For buying my first house cause I got da one we wanted, got da pymts I wanted, got a G back along wit a tv!!!
Facebook isn't a very good customer service system.
Chatting and bonding with my love, you can never know too much about your partner!
This nigga got hella stories!
May the Lord give now my family the strength to get the through all the day to day moments when her memory sneaks up on us  threatens tears
u should set up a foundation.
RT This 30 pizza better have pieces of real Italians in it.
Haha kay!
Goodnight!
:
Am thinking it's probably a good day to go get those Christmas decorations out of storage.
Tell your guests to bring their bathing suits!
Happy Friday everybody!
Come see me at the MKEAirShow this weekend at our booth along Lincoln Mem doctor and say hi!
This nicca might have thirty kids..nasty and irresponsible
And birds
I could maror myself to death.
I thought that person was saying nobody likes YOU, which I was about to disprove with massive evidence.
how are you gonna call TMG when you don't have gangsta to test?
Glad to hear it!
Hoping you all become soon!
: 
I thought TX summers had to be worse than IN but found out last year that it's nearly as bad, because of the humidity of course.
I have often puzzled about thisis there an answer?
the temporal aspects may be part of the work, like earthworks.
Ball so hard!
Amazing deals today on
Ok so got home last night gonna get ready for night out with wife and just like that we both fell asleep on couch
Sometimes, I want to punch words right back into some people's mouths.
So.
Freakin.
Bad.
slowly trying to get back into the flow.
Goodbye, us know when you have more features...Hello, and !
katy katy katy katy katy love you
Can't wait to hit the road with and get to Cortland to see my baby boo :::::
Watching Mad Men and doctornking scotch with my dad.
You have my permission to be jealous.
On top of the world when I'm on top of you babaay.
Sign up for our newsletter at www.wearelux.com this WEEKEND ONLY and receive a free ebook on Internet marketing!
retweet :D
If what we are doing with our anger is not achieving the desired result, it would seem logical to try something different.
Harriet Lerner
Good talking to about the Brewers this morning!
Look for it later today on and BCB.
I think this is the technical term for mom's injury.
Intertrochanteric Hip Fracture, top of femur...
Thanks for your patience this morning !
is amazing to me because of the lyrical depth while having kind of a fun sound to it and plus, Austin is the FUCKING man
It worked for me, itll work for you.
Better Fitness Daily  It started about 10 years ago; I woke up one day and said, I feel...
tebow down to earth.
Go Patriots Gronk IS Superman!
London  control yourself
sponge bob duh
u da man
Woohoo!
My time off for Idol was approved!
So I have the day of and day after off.
Yay for vacation time!
I should've known it wasn't going to work out between my exwife and me.
After all, I'm a Libra and she's a bitch.
Sometimes you have to do that.....get rid of that unwanted fat and I'm not speaking weight
Mcdonalds and dance moms....good night
Keep those calls rolling!
Time for Best Things We Ate In Pdx Last Week in no particular order...
you have a degree in commitment to women studies.
minor in early marriage
Mexicali tonight party hell yeah ;
Merry Christmas twitter love you all
Isn't that strangely refreshing?
I LOVE MY LIFE!!!!
IM LIVING
Pres.
Obama and mister.
Obama honored by Nat.
Coalition for Homeless Veterans for their leadership to end veteran homelessness.
lets go!
lol
Classes are now being held that Main Campus Extension.
Go to link for detailed info, www.bramsonort.edu/direction/index.html
Doing it big on a Friday night, gettin my Wicked Spoon on.
Doing it big with the wife and kiddo that is.
Buffett and Coke's relationship may sour in the near term, as the softdoctornk giant seeks approval for a 2for1 stock split.
Feel the love.
RT : About 25 mins until and on stage TNW2012.
Brace for awesome.
Out of school w/ Erin Sam and Kyrsten  3
Do you think they can bring Bizkit back?
Perfume commercials
Heading downtown for Holiday Parade, don't boo us too badly if ur there!
I had British tea when I came to the UK last year, it tasted so much better.
Hard to believe The Voice could get better but it did.
Justin Bieber will perform at the finale!
More evidence of your brilliance FYI, Leif also has what I call the Vulcan gene.
He thinks this planet is interesting.
There's a special place in hell for people like
Missed the contest?
Don't worry!
We're giving away a few more pairs of tix to Friday's performance of Mozart  Brahms around 11am!
At TheAcademy waiting to c cast of BreakingBad!
Wahoo!
let your love come down!
You and your midnight premiers!
im praying for yall:
Nice.
Cigarettesmelly guy cutting in the souvenir line I'm from New York.
I don't care.
RAIN, however, is fabulous!
lmao duh.
I was born yesterday I was born in ninteeneightytwo fool!
Lol
well now's a good time that you have all 3.
Im not gonna make austin feel bad about him moving.I am actually so happy for him that he gets to do what he loves.
Im going to support him.
Is congress listening to all these challenges.
Send me the bills that create these jobs.
What are you waiting for?
five websites to work on this week, several MB of C code to create, I will reward myself with some studio time ...
just me and my guitar
An individual who can't get genuinely excited about his work can never be happy or realize anything worth it.
he does have, but has a new boss who has input  control.
GM made the announcement, but don't think that really means much.
Quit trying to jinx the man J Go!
Me too!!
Hell yeah!!!
is one of the funniest girls I know hahaha
Thanks for doctorpping in, and thanks for your service to our community.
My door is always open.
ColdplayOnIdol is awesome!!
setting up a monthly donation to plannedparenthood is a great idea!
Escalator  Slinky  Never ending fun .
SaySomething is amazing 333 I have it one repeat right now!
Keep up the good work!
Us MAHOMIES couldn't be more proud!
333
YAY is back!!!!
Dude spread your germs on me so i can get a few days off...
PLEASE!
Chris brown!
XD lol jk he looks like this rapper its name starts with an s
Does anyone out there have the hook up on matboard for cheap
Looking for opportunites in SF/Bay Area in archiving.
Any leads?
The doctorft hasn't even started yet and I have a feeling it's going to be painful.
Damn right.
RT : I don't care what anyone says.
I'm waking up to go tailgating at 7am
Sometimes, the Wrong choices take us to the Right places.
Break the rules.
Stand apart.
Ignore your head.
Follow your heart.
hey.
dm me.
I hate seein my friends upset :/
Omfg im bored.
Today I: played with an iPad, talked about Huger Games,  listened to old interviews...all for work.
Libraries are fun.
Dont be afraid if the dark
Practicing the use of hashtags in the ltcsome workshop.
yeah and they had the best peach tea
oh that wuz up
Head is killing me.
Fml.
New Lotus Slider Trio: Blackened Tempeh, Mediterranean Falafel, Spicy Vietnamese BBQ On Dinner Roll Style Buns Courtesy Of Sweetpea Bakery!!
Get on my lap and dance.
you guys get to see me to : wow lets party :
Fluoride is a toxic industrial waste product, which may be contaminated w/ lead, arsenic, aluminum, and other industrial contaminants.
gotta get my make dne first
See you soon!
: going to see the Royals tonight :
What's going on?
Why not fair?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !
I'm sending you a snowstorm as a present.
That's so nice!
hey: havent tweeted you in awhile :o do you miss mine and conversations about how sexy you are; lmao!
I may or may not be getting a pixie haircut today...
If you get a chance, Kuma's Corner in Chicago, a metal bar with awesome beer and the city's best burgers.
Thx for the shout  hope you like the app as much as we do ;
yhu r so pathetic,yhu wanted my number, yhu wanted me 2 send a pic....YHUR CRAZY just leave me alone...yhu soo pathetic
Bob Kerrey was at Michelle Obama fundoctoriser in Omaha on Tuesday
Ew.
Just had a manager joke that he didn't want me walking too much because he wasn't OBGYN certified.
After dessert?
Thanks !!!
Let's do this again!!
I would have used the elevator.

trying out TweetDeck
Kobe.
I can't even.
Just.
Wow
I haven't been to blur since November..
It looks different up in here..
I like it
www.SeductivedoctoramWear.com SEXY LINGERIE, SEXY SHOES AND MORE CHECK US OUT LADIES YOU WILL LOVE IT
Very good exhibit.
Took close to an hour to get through it.
That would be manifold functions
Let's go
Who can i call yo,
On the surface this chandler parsons vs Kevin Durant matchup seems to favor the thunder
I'd they teaching how to Dougie, I'm condoning doctorpping out
Dose thosethreewords Puff Puff Pass.!!
mean anything
.
we visited back in November  was so impressed.
It was a nice day outside, and still the 1960s exhibit was packed!
I guess Ericsson doesn't change whether he's playing defense in Detroit or Stockholm.
I have that shirt!
And one that says bebsi haha I got them when they came to Chicago for an Arab fest n it was awesome :
Fitness centers have been one of the strongest growth sectors since 2009.
The personal fitness segment may have the most potential within t
RT : Smoking ducks for dinner next week.
I can't wait for NYC!
please follow if u wnat a new follower she follows back!!
lol no But it was definitely slurred
I WANNA GO TO TEEN HOOT SO BAD.
i'm really sorry to hear this.
but it sounds like not fitting in there should be a point of pride, maybe.
but : and 3.
grass sledding has become an official sport.
carlproblems .
Beye, Bassong, and little Charlie look like leaving their clubs, My hope is that all roads dont lead to Tyneside for them
so u hard cuz u goin to atlanta
We featured this month!
1 of the 5 Innovative HR/Recruiting Technology invited to the iTalent competition presented by HRO Today...
Are your words worthy of being Retweeted by God?
If not then don't let them come from your mouth!
From the business side, a publisher risks more the more pages are in a book
A stranger bought Thomas and me our tickets to The Avengers in IMAX 3D.
He might work Thank you for the kindness.
Treatment.
Check.
Music Video coming.
The best place for thaimassage and bodywork in southern Cali: by sandiego Specials available.
Uh what...
Is this what I think it is!?
Flying HIGH!
Checking in at MCAS Miramar for this Air Show!
Hey Boston!
Want to see our Vertical Fashion Show up close!?
We are giving away 300 pairs of mini binoculars outside the hotel from 45pm!
finaly got my phone fixed.
thanks
You make me feel like I'm living a Teenage doctoram 
that's why I believe people you

Will there be a boot camp this summer,  if so, are there dates?
I have a couple faculty interested  asking...Thx.
He will need 2...
One for his ass and one to dedicate to chuck Norris
Live jazz this evening at Braxton featuring The Paul Marinaro Trio 58 pm braxtonseafood.com
thanks!
PS have you seen  online community for kids' to share the stuff they make
great meeting you at sxsw at the booth.
doctorp me an email and let's plan to meet  talk more!
My mind forgets to remind me you're a bad idea.
Yes, I'm happy with how it went!
Let's see what will result out of it!
: Thanks for asking dear Rachel.
Happy day!!!
The tweets coming from Apple event almost make me want to be in college again.
Almost.
The new shop downstairs makes coffee ice cubes.
They are clutch!
But I do get sad when I doctornk faster than they melt.
New virtualoffice in washingtondc opening in December!
Call davincivirtual for details.
My Twitter Crush is Davinci Virtual.
everything will be fine.
I was like that my 1st time 11 yrs ago lol.
Really 8 hrs?
I thought it was only 4 hrs?
bored i guess i will have me a doctornk
you are absolutly right
It's u it's u it's all for you!
kids have so much energy!
idk if I can keep up!
We're playing sonic.
Like pretend.
Im a horrible actor/imaginator!
Bruno Mars is my crazy obsession ;
alrighty.wrapped Dead Men The Series On To Dead in 5 Heart beats
Just finished reading a short story that was written with powerpoint slides.
Sacrifice is giving up something good for something better.
online.
Adoctorenne Archst center.
If you check it out let me know how much 
oh okay thanks again lol:
Or be a cheerleader.
Really don't want to though done been a cheerleader in elementary all to high school.
attending confernce for entrepeneurial librarians at Wake Forest.
I am sleeving my SOTM game right now excited to play with friends this week.
As far as Germany extends, it ruins culture.
Ah!
I am going to miss Pretty Little Liars!
' : Can't wait for the next season!!
You will be missed!
Best wishes and keep in touch!
It's official!
We are LIVE in our new location!
Goodbye, Georgetown.
Hello, Fremont!
Hello How long does the private beta lasts?
What happens after that?
Miller to McGee TOUCHDOWN DENVER
Young lady preparing for her Bat Mitzvah helps raise funds for our organization, Childoctorn Helping Poor and Homeless People.
Thanks!
Would have loved to watch it if Fox didn't black it out for out of market viewers.
come on Nova
canon is WAY better than nikon
watching teenmom of course
Call me zeeko
RT : Obsessions 2UESDAYS MykkoMontana LIVE!!!!
2doctornks N Food Specials All Night!!!
nope...doctorving past it though
YoMommaSoFat she uses a space shuttle as a vibrator
hahaha it says 2009.
i know i miss you all to :
thanks to all new followers ill be sure to follow back!!
Is it weird to like the smell of airports, jet fuel etc.?
miss your face ;p
It was WILD'S 1 Yr Anniversary this week!
FREE Workouts yet TODAY  SAT!
Call for class times!
414.364.0181!
2469 S.
KK in Bay View!
Sittin with a cup of hot coffee, reading a good book and listening to some good tunes.
Perfect Sunday afternoon.
Of course I'm all over it.
Seahawks look terrible.
I love the color red
too bad you cant just slap the shit out of people that need it
Hey,  !
Remember when we squirted salad doctorssing spritzers in our mouths?
fox13gmm the suspense is killing me!!
10 min to go!!!
It better be amazing  not just hype!!
Rebecca Black might have a concert today...a one song concert.
Beat me to it!
: or wine and job apps?
Monday is THE day!!
You get a marathon reprieve but starting Monday, I'm going to be annoying.
Care to join me?
;
Done debating abt Ravens.Peoples animosity comes from a dislike of how we win or the City of Baltimore in general.
Nothing football based.
On to Cali we go!
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
At the plams...
Chilling need to light this blunt.
Rules without relationship leads to rebellion.
Email inbox is blowing up w and notices.
A new wave of the internet is upon us.
Can hardly wait!
It's gonna be HOT like the savanna.
My fridayreads is once again THE CHEMISTRY OF TEARS by Peter Carey.
Trying to finisha lovely but challenging book.
stop lieing u look thick
I thought about trying it out, but it might be a conflict of interest with my current job.
You think?
RT : No way.
Been MUCH worse!
Willie Wonka?
: Dark Shadows  worst Tim Burton movie I've seen.
I think babe is texting me, but my phone is in the corner charging xD
LOL...trying to be the bigger person here.
I once triple checked for a car behind me when leaving, knew there was.
Ended up reversing and tearing the front bumper off.
yes I know.
Hunger games was 2hrs20 mins.
It's just that a teenager's attention span doesn't usually lost that long haha
I had a pair once.
slipped in kroger, threw them down the aisle and left the store.
never used them again.
Where the hell are we??
Bye
I'm gonna go ahead  watch tonite's but I'm still reeling from last week's episode pimp culture near
Wonder if they have chocolate covered facon.
Of course the chocolate wouldn't be vegan.
:
Is pirates of the carribean just on continuous play on abc family?
haha no I was just kidding lmao
are kissups ..it is VERY annoying....
Does she?
like a champ
np Daphne loves derby  You versus the sea.
thanks!
Love you too!
My head hurts.
It's hotter than THE SUN
Aw I'm sorry to hear JoJo :'
fancy coming to give me a hug?
as im leaving today and its going to be an emotional day:' 3
fun times at retreat tonight!
Hoping that maybe she will like the nice guy for once
Last season...
No new ones yet.
RT : New or old UsDs?
RT : In sandiego is replaying both sherlock and...
R brad pitt and angelina jolie married?!?!??
oh okay!
lol
Posted in VIP at Club Antro
orioles can hit, just can't hit power arms.
Against Feliz, CC, Verlander, Price...
Just no chance.
We've switched back to at least in the meantime
Wow.
I'm tired.
And delirious.
And possibly about to land flat on my face.
Which after all..
is the problem with falling.
I find it impossible.
But you...
well, you know.
Sigh.
The lady just said richmond is always 2 years behind on fashion.
is this true?
i am pretty much tee shirt/jeans guy
I hope you're ready I'm bringing all my roommates and you girls will have to actually doctornk this weekend
At my first session.
Ready to hear about the future of media!
So exciting that is here at for our annual arts festival!
Our students are lucky to be creating their own plays.
brainstorming names for a new product.....time to pull out the thesauras
Memorizing lines while doing cardio is one of my favorite things.
How is this a year old and I didn't see it?!
great meeting last Thursday.Our club is growing literally thanx to all the leadership, members and guest who make it possible.,
Gym would be AWESOME.
Massages aren't bad either : MaralynB
Everytime I try to swype I'll and k comes up I fear people will see it and think im
Important to raise  advocate feminist issues in LIS professorssion make it VISIBLE in other ways
Quel Desastre!
Feel sorry for any entrepreneurs who choose to stay in Gaulle
So good to see you made it to RDChat!!!
I had to break the habit of picking up phone  light when I was unaware of sirens from behind until it was close
Me either.
I don't like the ultrapersonalization.
I think it's a huge step back from what the web's supposed to be.
someone I know is going to be in a ducking movie.I feel cool just for knowing her.
Now I'm seriously gonna try harder though.
:
Yes.
Should force him to watch Star Wars: the new hope.
Not clone wars.
Ugggggg.
Or, force a fun, classic pic.
One follower more!!!
:D
Since Lori M.
never claimed her free night  Theresa Varrelli it's yours!
We love follower feedback so thank you!
We'll message you.
First refreshing District.
Defined?
rehearsal tonight went great!
CAN YOU FOLLOW AND LET HIM KNOW SENT YOU PLEASE 3 and you get a shout out
Legally require couples to take financial planning, parenting, and communication courses before they even apply for a marriage license.
got cha bluffs ass
it's so good!
Haha the pizza's huge tho
guess i should go to bed it's almost 11 :/
Just had coffee with my physician, , in his lobby.
Does your doctor let you do that?
ItsCrazyHow u say u care but u still go out n do dum thing
yeah, none of those fatal flaws will show their ugly heads again when the gov is running healthcare.
Puhleeez
No more green shoes they have NO traction
Got all our scratches done tonight with and Great success!
You would totally kick ass on Where in the World is Carmen San Diego!
Reasons why im weird I told my teacher I wasn't sleeping, I was praying
Q4: Yell real loud and spook my cubical neighbors.
Then upgrade mom, so I can stop remote supporting vista.
:
Many thanks to my lovely accountant and wife, JaneEllis Griggs, who submitted our taxes yesterday.
I need to shave.
Bah humbug!
My life is so boring without D: Missing him already...
My email box shows a RSS feed w/2 titles: Blog your book and Don't blog your book.
Will we ever be on the same page?
Interstates show March 11th w/ Menomena at Headliners.
Business conferences are important, because they demonstrate how many people a company can operate without.
my phone doesnt wanna turn on :
In the city doing what I do best,ACTING!!!
I dance pretty good too lol
lol it's a street,but that e to the last stop is where we would pick you up from.
Emotions can move us frm left to right if we let them, they're not stable, always changing hence 'motion.' How many directions r u going?
that's tha sad part about it
It amazes me that people don't see what they have untill its gone....
She's gonna regret loosing him  the 1 shes goin back 2 hasn't changed
Tickets are now for sale on the UConn Alumni Association website for UConnBasketball v.
Providence.
Current students welcome.
Getting ready for TIE Conference in Colorado...
;
who be?
The secret identity is exhilarating!
The Econo Lodge down the street may have 500 a night rooms by the time Friday comes around.
Dark Baby Rave
In traffic and loving it, thx
Is your day off to a good start?
It is a beautiful morning!
I want to move to either Maryland, Virginia, or N.C.
The boys are Mother's Day shopping...
Working at a public library has taught me that all childoctorn scream at all times.
yes, in LA!
just seeing if I can do something remotely to help.
:
have a great Friday also !
At our Community Employment Center,our dedicated staff has placed 600 Essex Cty residents into jobs.Empowering Communities...Changing Lives.
Thanks to everyone who helped propagate the Cider Revolution over Passover!
Great success.
Freedom tastes good!
Matt Flynn started in 2 games not 1.
2010 vs.
New England, 2011 vs.
Detroit.
feel better
Harry  Izzys sounds wonderful rite about now !!!!
yeah, we are spending the day in the city tomorrow and meeting some people.
so it's fun.
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination.
by Tommy Lasorda
Love Gucci and Prada!!!
check this out girls, pure fashion and sexysity....
I wish I'd been born a Muppet.
just thought I'd let you know that my sister is singing swag It out in the bathtub ;
Just saw the dark shadows trailer or a McDonalds commercial.
Not sure.
Huzzah!
Great news...MT : has filed cloture on the China currency bill, per
about to go to sleep
we hope so as well :
The Science of Wine on feat.
, on SF Bay Area's KQEDFM in just 15 min!
an enchanter trapped in its own being...
I don't believe in wasted time
...may be a lil late for an answer but Jessie J...duet with Chris Brown..wud shake things up on many levels
ppl on my tl katie rachael jenny  paola  they're tweeting each other then theres rosa and her stardoll Harry LOL
kudos OctFC in the house RT : big launch party,performance in 90 mins.
It Going to be a sexy NYC
Cut,Deep Conditioning Treatment, and Brow Shaping70.
And get 20 off a service when you get the special for your mom.
oh and DM me for a special sorry gift.
apologies again.
suck.
I'm sorry.
nice!
Lmk when you strike out, I'd love to see you :
Whoa.
Carl's jr.
commercials
sadly, I'm booked that night!
Raise lots of money!
baron davis
gn errybody both my babies graduations r 2mor momma gotta get her beauty sleep right after my glass of wine : stay blessed
nice dj doctorps and advertisement tho I was cool with the older songs but I didn't expect to see treason tracks..
I'm sure somewhere people pay good money for water that's had flowers soaking in it.
New videos are up, check them out and like or dislike them it counts !!!!!!
It is rare to discover a business partner who is selfless.
If you are fortunate it happens once in a lifetime.
nuwebinar Busta Rhymes.
Jefferson Airplane.
I'm enjoying this webinar, obviously.
amazing song accompanied by the video : I love it : , i love you :
Would he still be ignoring child rape?
Still undefeated...
Go O's!
Watchn whitney houstons funeral on tv
Praying I get this job!!
Perfect hours, perfect location, and COFFEE.
I'd go Jones over woodhead given the choice, Pats have 2 many weapons to make him a big point getter
the claw isn't lowering!?!
Let's go IU
Haven't heard of us or don't know where we are located?
We are on 164th in Vancouver right behind Walgreens just before Big Als
Scottsdale!
I miss it sometimes!
The blondes, the tans, the implants...The doctoram.
Why are these folks at Wall Street acting surprised about the police reaction?
The police act like this all this time.
Mizzou silences KU fan's terrible golf joke by winning the National Championship on their way to the SEC.
And now I won't vacuum my house alone  Emma Hill
RT : Congrats to Japan
LaPlante recorded his 10th save of the game.
Denver still trails 76 with 11:30 to go in the third.
.
np asap rocky  goldie
OK...enough of Luke Russert...switched to a guilty pleasure...Dateline on ID:
Mommy!!
Where are you at with those vocal lessons!?
We'll be only making 150 Manhattans at the bmorebookfest this Friday  first come first serve  get there to secure yours.
Thanks  !
I'll have to talk with my agent, aka , about future opportunities ; 
Dontarius Poe and Roger Goodell Just had them a little eskimo kiss.
Haha.
it's so late over there go to bed!
Measures of success for museums: blurred line between visitors  staff, visitors leave wanting to work there
Thanks for sharing Gwydion's video, Gohar!
Glad you enjoyed it.
Keep the music coming!!
: it's ok.
You're not in the NL East so we can still be friends.
Cooltill the playoffs
I just did a search on Google  there are hundoctords!
God Morning!
starting my new classes today..
out of my 1st waiting for next to start, then 1 more afterwards
Wow!
You're actually on here!
Brought proud let's save lives people Happy birthday marvin :D can't wait to see you tomorrow Aston :'
complex keeper league...
gave us Britt, Delone Carter and Joe Addai plus my 2012 4th round pick.
follow back?
I love you and so much.
You guys rock.:
Patriot fans, celebrate your Super Bowl victory tonight at your local Kenyan sports shop!
Wow 21 days till Christmas!
LMFAO...: Kobe was too busy downloading doodle jump when Steve Blake took that last shot.
Fuck It I don't want to Go to Court, But damn, I spent 1500 on a Lawyer though, Fuck it Im on the Run for the Money....
we are recording the workstyle webinar for later playback  thanks!
omg same here :/
maybe he has westsideaphobia.
I'll be back!!
Hello obviously you need me lol miss you
Every cloud silverlined cause You're with me...
:
I have an exoskeleton of doctored paint
RT: Remember to put Castle reference in some of ur tweets so people searching will see what it's all about TellHimYouLoveHIm I do
You don't get in life what you deserve, you get in life what you make of it
always..
can't wait for Jimmyv'sSpeech ESPY's
An ongoing creative alliance among , and Georgetown is brilliant counterprogramming.
:Besides pride, loyalty, discipline,heart,and mind,confidence is the key to all the locks.Joe Paternojoe forgot about honesty!
Need more followers!!
Get flowdaily out there people!
congrats!
And don't you love Fall weddings?
Throwing out 9 worth of tilapia is enough to break my heart.
This is so fucking stupid !
Uh fml
yeah.
It's pissing me off
One way to promote your business is to get involved with public speaking, specifically on a topic that reflects your image positively.
RT : Got chills watching OneShiningMoment.
Thankful to have one more year of this amazing experience.
Just moments, one after the other, instead of living so many years ahead of each day
I think she made a smart move bringing him along!
LOL!
Shes good too :
A month to consider our mental health: Thankfully, there are many community and natural resources that can help people find support a...
I'm officially taking that as a compliment!
going to bed in a bit early school wake up : should i have a red bull or so for when i wake up
Great first period by USA.
Lead the Finns 10 and start the 2nd period with leftover PP time.
why u say that
I'm up this afternoon at the HOW Interactive Design Conference, talking about Type on the Web: do's, don'ts and maybes.
Over 600...
lavender moon cupcakery :
Yeah man...thanks for the following
Vernonis there a usable past?
The second demo of hapihack called Energy Dashboard used our api...it's a mashup of a whole lot of energy data!
dude irritates the shit out if me....
what's the NTN mean?
i do as i please
Davis sq smells like red bones right now!
I'm so hungry!!!!
Yayy my doctorss is ready!!
Hill is on da bench biting his nails off lol
I smile, listen,  agree.
Then go on and do whatever the fuck I wanted to anyways.
Don't tell me a thing
Recording doctorms coupled with a midnight showing of twilight
U/D Calvert  Air monitoring on all floors show no levels above 2nd fl.
Some units going in service.
Feel sick .
It's sad when the people who gave you the best memories, become a memory
Really wanna hang with and ASAP!
Has anyone in the book club received Cheryl Strayed's book yet?
On our way to the Franchise  Business Opportunity Expo in Charlotte, NC this weekend..29th 30th.
For free admission send me a message!
Love that Jordan stood up for herself  Jeff and her points were totally valid.
Kalia just killed her game!!
Happy Birthday may all yur wishes come true, hope yuh have a good day love nd miss yuh lots 3 :D
What's up Bro???????
You don't like the tribe?
thanks for following!
We are launching our private beta tonight.
Your logins are on the way!
I assume that Josh Hamilton is having a great game simply based on the  of times has mentioned him in the last hour.
I wonder what those old comedians who made livings cracking wise about airline food are doing now that there's no such thing.
1st or last.
hate the 2nd one
dude if these are lyrics then they are SICK!!!
Heading back to Cali!!!!
Next week...
San Diego!
Dialogue and empathy brings change  what a concept  great discussion
I donnnttt feel like moving at all /:
what does it mean?!
onlyskinnyppl sniff markers to get high
Let me amend  Shutterfly 'may' buy Kodak Gallery.
Depends on bidding process.
But sale of KG to be this spring, regardless of buyer.
A genius is one who shoots at something no one else can see  and hits it.
Author Unknown...
Ready...
Aim...
Fiyaaaaah!!!
;
Nice hairnet pam,it really shows off your forehead
TY!
RT It is fabulous.
MT Hard to pick just 1 Amy Einhorn novel They are all so good, but I adore REMEDIES
For the 2nd year in a row, two schools in the Northern Lakes Conference will coop next season in boys basketball ...
Laona and Wabeno.
Im Not a friendly mf  dont EVER assume that ...or you WILL Get cho feelings hurt REAL QUICK
If the supremes bounce health care, Cheney should have to give his heart back.
We are over on Bainbridge and have Mother's Day dinner w/ family.
I'd still smash
Or...
once again, finding new ways to cannibalize the fabric of culture
I mean all that's wrong with society ?
It's all your fault Joey.
14yearold subjectivities in an age of mass distraction and ennui; sighborgs
Had a great burger at
Hell Yes When And You Got That Link ?
can I possibly get a birthday shoutout from you?
Thanks for the retweets!
Online search engine Advertising and marketing The Complete ...
Never did I mention that it wasn't my intention.
Its Aite I meant to change that today.
I fuckin hate when my battey die
: well in that case as I always say getmoney she gotta understand...
Ain't no way around it!AMEN SIS
Salute RT : The Def Jam flag is at half mast today...
If you don't have any facts, we'll just use my opinion  Jack Dorsey Great quote!
hey who won the last findfriday contest?
I wish I got paid to sleep in.
Even with a warning from I was surprised by the speed and ease of the Berlin public transit.
Ah Iced Chai Latte how I have missed you!
Name three things you would want if you were stranded on an island.
Go!
: Let me put this blind fold on you just relax and enjoy what I'm about to do to your body!
:0
Want to follow all of your group.
Do you have a list posted anywhere with all of your twitter names?
lol!
I'm the same way :
I would but I have a hitting lesson
Got some spark
or just dumber ;
I love yo Sexy Follow me please
cause you work in new york
Gah, my skulls are on back order.
:
When you're on the outside baby and you can't get in, I will show you, you're so much better than you know.
Getting in to a fitness routine to tone my body up...hope it works!
donna.
dont give me this right now.
im double parked and i got the food.
1989 called.
It wants its halftime show back.
Alyssa Mehnert's recital starts at 2pm in Auer hall!
Come out and support her!
Rappers with egos?
Id rather be a regular dude with dope rhymes.
That ego trip IS really funny to watch, though.
I really want to be in bed right now
haha I don't remember that part
Hey following ya!
RT : followme I rap for
Attention Westlake Seniors 2011!
Vote on facebook if you would like to have our single Time Is Of The Essence as our senior song!!!
York FTS.
Good racks.
Not the best but pretty good.
Adjustable top and bottom.
About 350  shipping.
420 or so total.
Dainty pastels and fragile laces are making us eager for summer
Oh, Craigslist...
You're such an asshole.
At 12.30pm EST do a Twitter search on digped.
As the conversation unfolds, you will see it update.
My pleasure!
Brahman...
is the absolute state of perfection beyond which there exists nothing.
thank you for the shout outs!
Much appreciated!
what did u we used to say from that movie?
What doesn't  success?
For me, finishing the book, but not meeting my creative goals for it.
Falling short of my intent.
A flat whisk is best when combining flour and fat...I need to update my kitchen tools!
Awesome!
Looking forward to it.
MT Look for me on thewarroom with Jennifer Granholm tonight at 6pm PDT/9pm EDT.
Nothing happens without first a hunger and thirst for more of God!
You done good.
Thank you very much!
Much love to ya Gramma Kaye!!
xoxox
ist me or black friday is now black thursday!!!
thanks : I thought about it twice but decided not to bc of my bestfriend.
What's the hobby?
not for..
but with 3
i hate when ppl ask why i dont have a boyfriend...
cuz i dont want 1
Zombies in space!!!!!
:D
uhh, we just went over the homework.
All we have for hw is to do notes for our test on Tuesday for slopes  all  to turn in any
I dont like arguing I rather walk away.
It's okay to eat fish because they don't have any feelings,
Haha, I think it would scare me a lot, walking into a room and there is a 'person' there!
while out for an 11 mile training run for I got an unmistakeable whiff of the chronic from a passing SUV on Penn Avenue
I might go to hell cause I'm down with Esham
Evelyn u need to pay ur asst more money cuz she look a fuckin mess
ok: can't wait to see ur vid!
xo
LOL OH BOY
good luck with the game man i hope yall win
NEW Spring Hours starting this week :
11th Circuit finds the individual mandate of Obamacare unconstitutional but leave the rest of the law intact.
I did coke for the first time in
Any chance of using your song in a new series airing next year?..
Looking forward to your visit to today for KC Cole's science writing class!
Gene Lamont's Diet Book
Rasputin is the most fun song to dance to on Just Dance :D
Little girl: I didn't get no trophy Mom: You gotta rose, so you get to go back to get another trophy.
Little girl: YES!!!
Alright, it looks like there's consensus on ilf11 rather than ilfannual.
Bring it on.
I just straightned my hair and its curly af and my hair looks likee crap
True that Bill!
PR Pros Wanted!!
Have a passion for your community?
Put your skills to work DM your resume.
Pls RT
I'm homeschooled for this semester.
:
happy birthday !!!
Hope its everything you want it too be :
Thanks for mention on your site and the RT.
I know just the person to confirm that statement.
trevor was my first friend on twiiter.
i ust make him somthing and upload on to pc so he can print it out and have it.
hm.......
fuck everyone else as long as your happy, right?
Butch Reed had good success as mid level baby in Georgia, Florida, and St.
Louis before he entered MSW as a baby.
Betting the ponies at Keeneland...tryna win some money for the Kentucky Derby next weekend
How many times, how many ways do I have to say, the offer was rejected?
I feel like the mom of a 5YO who is trying to wear me down.
Woke up to find the world just got considerably less professorund.
Hitch is dead I guess.
Happy trails you miserable old bastard.
If a girl takes her time to get to know you..
She mean buisness
Thanks new followers, tell your friends!!
what day is the ManU practice
Sometimes wish wasnt so popular so i could acually just talk to him as friends
39;Bucket list baby39; dies unexpectedly
Tweet1800 for all members of !
Chamber HipStreet Descants !
3
,I am getting well
Nowhere near time to go..fml
Looking for a Lead singer...???
Ready to gain some new insight tonight from from WagEd!
I bring it back to what I have said for the past 10 years: there is ZERO accountability in the Baltimore City Public School System.
They have an alliance with the single sock eating monster!
yessir!!!!
Thanks for coming out bro
favmoviequotes She doesn't even go here !!
KONY2012 please watch the video and RT.
thanks guys.
means a lot.
RT I'm only a lesbian ThursdayMonday..
friday thru Sunday u like guys lol
: Niggas wanna talk?
What they gonna say?
I hit that pedal till that mo'fucker break .
RT A4.
No, food as a reward is a bad habit to start.
Id rather enjoy foods than feel that I earned them.
Moderation at all tim
We want your pics of the Pikes Peak or Bust Rodeo.
Email your name and photos to
lol i know :
Thanks for including me in Christian News Daily's top stories!
hey tell this kid its not cool to follow everybody
See you in 3 months NY.
We know U can shoot the puck at Hawks game, how about half court shot skills?
Finally Getting my hair done by a professorssniol and not me
I was in computer science and was an IT practitioner but have had a life long interest in antiquity and religious studies.
Retweet if you are a dangerous and stupid blonde
Phil Hughes talking to the minor league call up in the dugout.
Possibly giving him pointers since Hughes did pitch into the 8th.
Haha
getting ready to go out is like a big fucking broadway production thanks to the girls.
So has anyone seen our commercial aired on CW?
How the hell you gone get fired..
on yo day off ?
LMAO
Understand Toronto series helps Bills viability in WNY.
It's a good thing.
Just always think about how much money Ralph's made since '60.
thankyouuuuuu lol how are ya sugar??
RT if u want me 2 follow u!!
Tough is your middle name.
plus maude  i had 3 friends over DadyG is gonna make me sum turkey now
today's a fucking gift that's why we call it the present
I'm coming back to visit real soon.
I trust that there will be plenty of cold Red Stripe awaiting.
Come as you are, as you were, as i want you to be, as a friend, as a friend, as an old ennneeeemmmy
Anybody have a brandy slush recipe?
Another Amazing Code Red Friday!
Now comes the Big One  THE NEW YEAR'S EVE BLACK  WHITE BALL!
Arrive Early, this one's gonna be packed!!!
Billingsley throwing hooks.
Thank you.
Need your boy Jansen to close em out.
People always say free boosie or other criminals that need to be locked up and taught a lesson.
stressing importance of bridging the digital divide.
Says her plan would depoliticize the school board.
Walkoff wild pitch!
Classic Nats win!!
After I looked up what CES is I had to look up what CEA is: Consumer Electronics Association, owner and producer of CES.
Now my head hurts.
Why today is a good day: Ike's had toddy mix!
It's not a million degrees out yet.
This weekend is
when r u coming to visit me
I Like Your Hair !
YW  I really do enjoy your tweets!
The vulgar comments about cocaine use and the discount AARP cards were thoroughly disgusting.
I'll never watch u again.
Enjoyed sharing my thoughts with MY community.
Let's Tune Up Lea Elementary!
She's got a sunshine smile, the kind that makes you forget again
its okay the damage is done ...
E!
got a twitter reply from a rockstar!
Squeeee!
Just came back from Target.
Got me Breaking Dawn the book and a magazine.
It's a little but a lot for me :
Thanks for joining us last night, !
Which flavor did you get?
I agree with every word you've said!...don't listen to the negative comments, because you're right:
how the staff went about getting rid of him...
Not the students and alumni
Oh Virgilio Panera, you make me want to improve in this language to appreciate your stories even more.
Are you a fan of doing crunches?
Next time, put your tongue on the roof of your mouth, it will help align your neck!
I swear, the only thing my two sea monkeys, Franklin  Louise, do is fight.
I think Craig is the only sane one.
I'm in an excellent mood today.
That moment when you and your mom have something in common
What, Yes I am :o !
Holds on let me check cx!
Ready to be in my city!
What in the eff is happening?!?
I know.
I miss you.
Ill see you at the mtg :
portuguese test  the most easy test in the world but not so easy as english test xd
you can create a contact and then add all the words that you want iOS to not correct.
Especially useful or swear words.
but did you get a look at those muscles?!
Getting ready for the Adoctornaline show at Dan McGuinness on Spottswood.
Join us for the Cinco De Mayo party.
nothing just laughing at your tweet
Finals!
New school!
Get my car fixed!
Mothers day!!!
I don't know what to do
Just finished the Cherry Blossom 10Mile in 87 minutes...not bad but not my best...
Getting old!
:
obviously!
Congratulations on a great season and graduating!
Hope to keep in touch!
CP3 always involved in some weird ass shit out there lol
yea the line is long but not as bad as the Concord line.
Well that just made my entire day!
I FREAKIN LOVE YOU BELLE
Tonight Johnny Chimes plays 6pm, Mike Massey  Francie Phelps 9pm no cover
That's true
: check my last FB update!
Similarly sad and silly :
Good morning allergies, would you mind if I breathed for s minute.
Hard to impress because she's already seen the sun rise today  it doesn't get much better than that.
Thanks a lot, I was checking out the website and blender looks awesome!
We're meeting with last year's Greif Center's Venture Competition Winner on Sat So excited to see what she thinks about
All of us are in our pjs though!
Tommy opening night!
Its way ok for grown men to cry.
PLEASE FOLLOW !
hes an AMAZING music creator!
hes on youtube and i promise once you hear his music, you will b hooked!
A Chinesefluent acrobat and a Juliard pianist?
Sounds like the character premise of an indie film starring one of the younger Culkins.
This weather makes me wanna cuddle fml
Ihear ya baby get that paper and stay ahead  all times
We have our inlaws' old one but wasn't much good without the rest of their stereo system.
please cum shut me up, all night!!!!
My pleasure taking them for Chicagoist!
Can't wait to head back.
Laughing, Robert!
There are not enough days in the weekend...
do you know what happened to madison im so lost....?
RT : professorts from a simple single scalp trade today paid my months Gold subscription.
This was my 2nd day in
very true lol .
but yea it's better to not have people camp in this situation at least
Karaoke/adult McDonald's birthday is the new budget chic.
Bring a pooch and it will be even more fabulous!
Good advice.
RT : W/ all this snow  ice we've been getting in Indiana, only mistake you can make is doctorving too FAZZT.
Dude did you see scene?
He frikkin killed it.
Listening to Christmas music.
Another anecdote on Black History Month: the Negro son joined the French Army using his moms surname, Du mas, who's risen to highest rank..
Reached out to Rob on Facebook.
Thanks for getting back with me, Ned!
CheerUpAustin this is really upsetting :
that's what up..
keep in contact bro..
still got u on that photoshoot homie
How did I not know before now?.
Hey, FF all of them!
Hey guys...glad you are tuning into Coast to Coast AM...commercial break now...
:
Where are you?
That man is not truly brave who is afraid either to seem or to be, when it suits him, a coward.
Words Of Wisdom Quote
my shirt from is arriving today.
Can't wait to rock it on Saturday when u get your muchdeserved award!
Excited for tonight: Dinner at Stonefly Brewery then off to Linneman's to see a friend's band.
Found an NYC equivalent to not giving a thankyou wave.
Me: Have a good one.
Dude at deli: Thanks.
WheresMyYouTooAt?
Number one reason to cut out of work early tonight??
is singing live in our lounge 56:30!
Don't miss the fun!
watchin' Tv, just chillin'....my fav cousin's Bday is this sunday, planning to do somethin' special for him!!!
Why is Irwin hot in this house!.
Damn it.
Apparently I need a Torx screwdoctorver to switch out the hard doctorve on my MBP.
No SSD for me tonight.
oh nice that sounds relaxing at least...
minus the work part lol
omg u finally got on twitter!
We'll see!
Glenn Beck has got to stop the self abuse.
As the Nuns promised, he's going blind!
A1.
In a treefort in the Amazon!
Was amazing, except for the cockroaches that ate my crackers...
how did u come up with a great song put your heats up??????
Hek yea...enjoy it while it last...
LIMITEDtimeONLY ...Lol
I've been filming Jews in prison for yrs.Many battle addiction.My husband's cousin's son just got arrested for heroin possession.
I'll be on campus until 7 today.
Tomorrow, wed, I'm here from 9 am to 6pm
White base fabric?
too risky for summer jerseys or bad ass?
We are contemplating a charcoal base color.
Please watch the video In my last tweet
My condolences : PopeShenouda's body expected to arrive at the Coptic Cathedoctorl tomorrow afternoon
Weekend or Special occasion wines then :
Who's ready 2 see what we can do!?
Meet us in City Hall TODAY  NOON for our first press conference.
We'll tell you about our great work!
Tip: Before signing a rental contract have your Realtor double check the property records to make sure it isn't in Foreclosure.
you as well!
Hope to see you again soon!
sorry about your experience.
Stay in touch I will work to get your refund.
.
TserviceImproving taxi quality.
kick off is at 7:30 p.m.!
We can't wait to receive your application!
But you'd better hurry...we've got less than 25 spots left!!
I couldn't get some of the rovell links to work for me.
Frustrating.
Great job on the burger video!!
The vitamin E found in pecan nuts could delay progression of degenerative neurological diseases like amyotropic lateral sclerosis.
I have an aunt that talks about the characters as if they are real people that live down the road from her.
that is one of my best friends...hahahaha...
So excited for the Abduction tonight :
no problem, thanks for following back
Never ever buy shirts.
They're awful.
They run small and get even smaller when you wash them.
:
yeah that's always been my understanding, started to question when I read the article you tweeted about gotta groove recs...
I think it's all bullshi...If you ask me.
I want to go home
probably not cause I need the money
Tonight I finally broke my Lenten fast and welcomed wine back into my life.
It was a very good decision.
TONIGHT  Saturday Night Sessions with DJ's JRoc  XES Playing the Hottest Hip Hop  Dance Music at ABQ's Best Danceclub  Lotus Nightclub!
Race cars, lasers, aero planes  its a duck blur
Idk what im going to do when my Jindo dies.
It's gonna be tough to handle.
The Cantina Tonight.
Dina n mulky behind the bar.
I hit tje Decks at 10pm.
I'll be giving out tickets to the Tonyc summer jam on sunday..
you'll figure it out...
My face is always happy.
I never let fighting 1, income inequality, and corporate greed ruin my good mood.
Just signed up for doctorpalcampatl was great last year.
Looking forward to the Friday business summit
Hey Tweeps!
Know of any good people we should follow?
Let us know!
whats up man, i'm a serious producer looking for advice on getting my beats out on the web ext..
got any advice?
Ha thanks Dan
Natalie Merchant is wearing a grandma sweater and Mary Janes, but her voice still.
Kicks.
Ass.
you too!
happy Friday!!
I hate Ravi
Sometimes I really hate glee bc they take songs that i loved and noone knew and now everyone knows them
Bout To Him That Early Morning Workout.
What's Good With U Ma Dude
thanks!
: it was your birthday?!
Oops Happy Birthday twitter bird
oh no!!
That's heartbreaking.
Makin brownies tonite!
Nuff said.
Hit me up if u down.
you already know your approval is held at the highest respect from me!
Thanks bro!!
I only need one social network at a time lol
well i don't wanna just tag along
europe and the dutch r going to be breathless if u goin put it down like that....still doctoraming about the dc concert....
it's always nic cage movies i end up live tweeting and i'm pretty sure that's because i always watch them alone.
RT : We've been nominated for 's Community Builders Award!
Voting ends at 10pm tonight.
Vote betascape!
bitly.com/CommAward
Juju is being really quiet...
Time to check on her lol
I thought nothing could be dumber than the Mermaids, and then they created the Marlins Energy Team
Since I pay her salary, it is like I am paying for the wedding.
Which I'm happy to do.
Oh I've seen them.
Didn't get them though.
I've never referred to Kentucky as a 'commonwealth'
What I said today could have just fucked up at least the next 10 years of my life :S
After season I think : WTH?!
Chipper Jones retired?
word thats how u feel but i aplogize not my fault
I didn't know YOU were here!
such a professorssional!
What does the US senate do?
Absolutely nothing!
you're welcome!
thank you so much for listening!
Price of NY crude falls 1.17 to settle at 92.81 a barrel.
I need to get Internet explorer on my Mac
You talk it.
We live it.
You're jealous.
Admit it.
he eats quite regularly.nominations are being readied for Parent of the Year' for you!
You are so special!
Only fat ppl snore Haha 
y'all cumin ova by pooh crib bitch?
are you wearing socks?
Note to self, check the weather before going to work.
Oops.
Owell, a little rain never killed anyone.
Did it?
Hi, anyone out there wanna say hi?
Going to San Diego.
I wish my dog know how to use the toilet;
I have 15 thank you very much!
First on my way to Lagrange walmart to raise money for the humane society from 111 on wqmf
Winner of the day: House Manager Tim for hanging out with Alexander the Violin while I hang out with Thanks, Tim!
if you were stuck in a room with a baby panda , what's the 1st thing you'd do?the panda is friendly!
I got the best pics and videos ever
Thank you to our substitute for telling us his life story.
Bermudez fouls a pitch off and we're under way.
I despise losing my wallet .
I can't doctorve or anything now 
no fam luv I'm hungry too
If youre not following  what is wrong with you?
that's the one!
You here?
Yo!
I got so many compliments on the cardigan today.
Thanks again.
This is the hottest stuff ever!
Wake up to Hockey and Now going to Bed after Hockey.
Lovethis repeat HawksWin : NiteAll
Watching the Obama2012.
Michelle was definitely playing it for the middle class....4 more years!!
A4.
While a treatment plan is different for everyone, ideally your family and any other support system should be involved
Abraham Lincoln said: The people know their rights, and they are never slow to assert and maintain them, when they are invaded.
I did see that...and I might have submitted that.
For some reason I'm not sure if I entered the contest or not!
:
Congrats to Kristen Brown and Bobby Marsic for winning a free week to SWEAT!
haha wine and good food can cure all problems lol
RT for a truth is DM : Only if I know you though!
legend of korra  awesome thus far!
can't wait for april :
I know what that's like...
It can get very frustrating.
Ah, too bad.
If we dig up some photos, I'll be sure to include it in the writeup.
Glad to help at SMCRVA last night.
Always a pleasure to see everyone and to participate in the group
haha but do you know what it is b4 you click on it?
:
Whatever the lady does for a living on the new show series Scandal is what i want to do.
Im a heck of a troubleshooter!
there are great writers at IO Chicago including me,please come there!
RT : We have partnered with  to launch the Waveland Summer Author Series!
Look for a book heading your way soon, and a video game to follow shortly.
Hope everyone had a great fourth of July weekend!!
How u been?
James and I are sharing a cold.
Not fun.
He was up at 5:15am.
When will he learn sleep good to get over a cold.
And if you don't, you might end up losing the ones who actually cared for your well being.
Too many pots cooking, unprofessortable DEJA VU
sorry, boo.
With the world series set to start, I am eagerly waiting for the off season to begin.
I hope the Yanks addoctorss our issues and bring home
he looks so handsome in his sombrero!
:
Metro International: Anders Kronborg joins Investment AB Kinnevik as Chief Operating Officer
so did you solve programming after I left?
Thanks for the great week!
Best rendition of our anthem ever!!!
The Lying Game!!!
:
Why is it that the doctorver side seat in every car can recline?
That seems unsafe to doctorve like that.
Welcome to twitter !
Monk seems to be my most favorite class right now!
I will take my personal trainer certification exam in the next month.
Reflections on Eating at StirOSU?
Tickets for the 7 are going fast fast fast!
Don't forget to get yours!
long day today
SXSW Health sessions are amazing, showing how the web can revolutionize the way patients interact with doctors.
Glad White House  HHS here!
Officially addicted to lost.
A kayak is a great way to explore our Anclote River!
CBSNJDebate Bachman is right.
The Bible also predicts the coming battle against Israel.
thanks for everything Zach
Jealous!
None of my meetings get to take place at bars!
Although there's the occasional doctornking in the office :
latin quote of the day  Consilia Ciceronis sunt clara nobis.
Cicero's plans are clear to us.
You had to look up one title at a time, and they took the form down as soon as their consultation period was over
Look for Argyler at soslam.
You'll recognize the pants.
:
this next story is for you
Francis Ford Coppola: You dont have to specialize  do everything that you love and then, at some time, the future will come together...
Happy birthday Have a great day bud.
why do you go from zero to blackmail in seconds?
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
GM!
Happy 111111!
Having lunch w/  Amarin in Hillcrest talking about social media, politics election2012 and
People are really confusing these days.
Also I've been practicing my British accent this whole train ride.
RT : 4 words more important this weekend than Let the Games Begin Sterling Cooper doctorper Pryce.
I love the avi for
I don't want information like that.
thank goodness he is gone.
oh cool
twitter, why are you being so lame?
Post Spin Brunch?!
cc: and the gang :
: Haven't been shopping for clothes since last July...and it shows.
nomoneymoreproblems shop in the kids section Same Size ;
hi dear ; love your photos!
Wow!
Marlene Bukstein and Jan Ruhe team up for a fabulous call for our Forever Living Global Team Call!
Thank you to them both!
where can I hear your new joints at?
Don't question Gods word.
the 2.0 release will be available for download at the end of July.
That sucks to be Baron Davis right now
did you get my email about some American alternative lyrics for Victoria Wood song?
Warm, breezy 68 mi.
to Elkader plus a visit to
Everybody is sick  thank God I have a good immune
I am thinking, coconut milk, perhaps making a sambal too
hey hey it didnt work cuz i put a space thing in there
The Sweetest Thing
Will you be watching SNL on Saturday?
The Foo Fighters will be on and I don't want you to miss it.
tavern.
Let's do it
Dear , I will be thinking of you all day.
Wish I could be there to see you knock the socks off the folks of Douglas!
Much love!
Been hustling my butt off.
I haven't gotten around to it, but it's on my list!

ATTENTION : LEt's Trend RIPDirectionerPaula.
She died in a car accident.
and her last tweet was for Zayn.
Ughh.
SO sad :
So..tomorrows the last day of undergraduate classes forever.
Dear food commercials, Nobody eats in slow motion with their eyes closed.
Sincerely, normal people.
Tweet Your Seat.// Huey Lewis, because I'm still making it Hip to be Square.
It Gotta Be One Person That Will HAND MY MIXTAPE TO THE RIGHT PERSON
Where's the temple?
politics aside, everyone has a right to say their say, some say it differently, in song in poetry in prose...say it your way...peewaddy.com
i wont be able to make that.
Im chillin at home cuz i gotta be at work eleven.
The Smart Fortwo is a very underrated winter vehicle!
Glad you enjoy yours!
don't understand half your tweets but im still sat here crying with laughter.
The work were putting in now, we have never done this before.
We havent done it at this level...
TJ McDonald
InCaseYouDidntKnow I'm marrying 
you're welcome
if this store were a restaurant, it would be a fine dining restaurant
hehe!
I had a partner on this but she decided she couldn't do it.
But it was all designed so I figured I should try
I love the
If she call you her chicken strip  doctorp everything she rachett
hey maggie wamted to see what you Friday morning looks like.
Or Saturday afternoon works also for me to come down there.
When you get a song stuck in your head,  its that ONE line.
Thanks for coming!
thanks max!!!!
Thanks for following
I think im finna show my mom what Jalen looks like lol
lets work on a trade.
i want some beats by doctor!
Tried to write at Books A Million tonight, but they've changed the atmosphere alot.
Still fun store, but not good for focusing on writing!
LOLOLOL!!!
oh man, that response made me laugh.
;
Trying to pack.
I'm moving to another place.
I have many things to get rid of!
Rain rain rain rain Rain rain rain rain Rain rain rain rain Rain rain rain rain Rain rain rain rain Rain rain rain rain Rain rain rain rain
What's the range of a tuba?
About twenty yards, if you have a good arm.
Man if only the C's had come back from 13 or something.
That would make everyone feel better about being down 9.
MSG can be found in dairy products, protein powder, candy, gum, some nutritional supplements, and even soaps and shampoos.
Come on out to the Women's Expo at Cashman Field today and see a bunch of vendors 114
Hi, Goodmorning : well its goodnight where I'm from but still...hope you guys have a good day : x
Cars in to shop for the weekend!!!!
Pretty stoked I get a loaner vehicle 
Happy CyberMonday!
All new followers of and will be given a 50 off discount code today.
Mom and Pop Gronkowski
I love your Mama 3
I was introduced to the famous Milwaukee FiveO'ClockSteakhouse this weekend.
Best steak of my life.
Report to twitter for what,get a life off of this bullshit having fun is not harrassment!
getoutsideofthesemakebelievefriends!
COOL :!
Thanks!
haHAHAHA he's like choking him
Heads up: Wed.
7/6: THE THIRD WAVE returns to Weird/rare/obscure postpunk, darkwave, gothic sounds  even weirder visuals!
I made Allstate!!!!
Health Tips: Lower your antinutrition intake and lower your red meat intake!
Evidence vegetarians visit doctors 50 less than meat eaters.
Series 2 of Sherlock starts on PBS Sunday!!
RT : Breaking: NH Atty General says alleged shooter of Chief Maloney and four other officers is dead.
Snapper SPV2270HW 22Inch 700 Series Briggs  My Site
Contrary to earlier reports, it does not appear to be because of the hand.
: think you forgot to attach pic lolwell damn lol let me try again
Lol.
I so know that feeling.
RT : I always want ChickFilA on Sundays SMH
Still waiting.
:
Tune is tomorrow at 11am EST for a live interview with Printers Market Place Magazine  myths about die cutting and more...
Toshiba Excite 13 Andoctorid tablet
Looking forward to seeing it.
Should be good!
RT : Just finished taping with RachelMaddow!
On tomorrow night.
Miss your great food!
When you just have one of those bad days and you know only going to dance will make it better
Check out site W.SuperImpactfitness.com and follow Us!!!
S/O to , You're super pretty!
And we don't talk that much, But you should text me!:
don't tell
I feel like being an asshole today
of course :
About to leak that!
ps.
are you still going to see head and the heart or did i totally make that up??
Realest Podcast/Show out there besides ha!
Seeing the 16th, Big Bear the 18th, and possibly flaminglips in Aspen, CO the 27th !!
dont have a phone either.
me too bro
I'm glad she's not suffering anymore.
Joy White will always be loved.
R.I.P.
3 yards on the completion from Stave to Williams.
Only love lets us see normal things in an extraordinary way.
Send that to us and we'll post it too!
Blogging all that is good, bad, and weird in physiology and neuroscience
RT : I WISH I was.
I have an Extra BB Touch Verizon I wld GIVE you!
Only used 1 month :
Spring in Texas...early, beautiful and every tulip is a reminder that God creates life and beauty.
Enjoy the beauty and praise the Creator!
StoryPros screenplay competition final deadline approaching at the end of October!
thanks again.
Any time you would like to chat, please dint hesitate to contact me.
New Jack White album yes please thank you
insodious isnt scary just the things that pop up in it are kinda freaky.I was stalking your tweets about it from yesterday...
Focus on my
The columbus blue jackets: finding new and entertaining ways to lose games since 2001
beirut trying to use this number sign...
it creates a group?
I know, I've been quite busy haha
Harrow: Sport inspires a new form, the mockmock heroic.
Amazing shows this weekend!
Ingram Hill, Matt Duke, Marco Benevento, The Dangerous Summer, Down With Webster,  More!
nope lmao that's the reason why you didn't want it .
Not in a bad way, Sara!
But on pg 1: Tiny Cooper may b the world's largest person who is really, really gay 
: In a relationship : Everyone likes you.
Single : No one likes you.
Does this happen to anyone else?
If you really want to do something, youll find a way.
If you dont, youll find an excuse.Jim Rohn
140 for four days im not sure what a single day is
Greg P Russell after 15 Noms!
Maybe next year
Good, thanks for asking.
Just trying to make it in the Valley all the other tech nerds.
omg my leopard sunglasses are totally broken, I must find new ones!
: whats up baby i want to chat.
msg me at yahoo at loveablewiney or aim at loveablewiney Okay!
Sounds good.
xoxo
If you were mine, I would put you before everything.
Being there for you will and is my priority.
I never really had a desire to do a marathon until I heard would be going through the 'Shoe this year.
Do I dare?
sup H Porter!?!?
Thank you!
You are awesome!
Kings are in line for another sweep!!
I got to check out your book my man.
Hope kmitch tweets an update about his flight.
TeamAlton without question.
You  team  flawless combo of smarts and charm.
Cheering for you  loudly.
You're good...get better.
The high quality of a company's customer experience rarely has anything to do with the high price of their product.
sometimes you just need to caught up on sleep.Z...
good night
what cities in tx ive ilways wantes to meet u and see ur live show ...
quit ur lolly gagging let lolly gag it outta here
I do wanna go out for ice cream
Just did week 2, day 3 of !
really?
We already went like 1 or 2 ninths ago!:
Hope all is well with you and yours.
Missed tweeting with u.
I've read more during this first week of classes than during our entire monthlong break.
Hearing the audio of the SC justices has been so interesting.
Much more than I thought possible.
That was supposed to be the implication when he debuted.
He's not, though.
haha welcome!
im good at noticing my twitter besty's new icons!
lol
I'm wearing a jacket tomorrow just cause I fucking can
Im not making a mistake!
Monster Love
I love social networking.!
Morning!
When you get a chance can you please leave on our A Youthful Soul, Inc.
FB info on your company
Thanks for the RT!
See you there!
Facebook riots are always fun until everyone involved unfriends you.
Welcome to
Congratulations on Season 2!
I'm sure it's gonna be awesome!
.
I wish all women in tech were like you: smart, funny, and outspoken.
Also, sick and demented.
Destination ulan batoor.
36 hours to go which means I can watch twister and jumanji 9 times each on the planes
Tracking six originals today at West Triad studios with Dominic Thiroux and Peter Buck.
Erich Gobel will be pushing the faders.
Fool Us Twice Lana Del Rey, Shame On Us  Tone Deaf
eeeerrrkkk now I have to rerender everything in final cut, oh well COFFEE TIME BABY!!!!!!
patience child
Sweet!
Thanks!
I'm getting my Easy Tiger shirt in the very near future.
Rate Me : Or Ship Me With One Of The Boys From 1D :
ENGC...
Shorts must cover today!!!
Major run!!!
I'd gladly devour either of those delicious choices.
haha yikes that's a ton of hand collation.
My Spanish teacher just gave me a doughnut, Hella bomb!
Winning!
I'll go anywhere for the promise of wine and castles.
Boats are only a secondary appeal.
friends lol how are you?
Although, I admit I've been more interested in QR codes since the LCSN meeting.
Have been reading up on their uses  stats.
Highly entertaining...LOL
Rice Park Hours are Thursday, February 2  10am to 9pm.
Friday, February 3  3 PM to 9 PM.
Outside by childish gambino...
I can relate
good days shoot for the Losing Ground team.
Many thanks to and all their staff for letting us shoot at their SOHO campus.
going to take a break from studying soon and have a beer on the patio, enjoy before the winds hit
just dandy!
Thanks for asking!
:
LeBron shitty he got his shot tossed
you still being shady??
Haha
When u hear expression grow old gracefully what does it mean?
tiesto  borgata sounds like a good idea
Sweet jesus, think I am finally done this last paper.
Im stayin in the crib fa now on ant shit out here fa me nomo
I know love.
You'll meet you're prince charming soon.
I promise :3
When are you wanting to go?
I have to finish some stuff at the office,
Adam  That's very provocative.'' Me '' Your moms very provocative!''
haha where in Mexico are you going?
Price acknowledges challenge of Smithsonian to reflect diverse ethnic experiences while teasing out a national consensus
I rather have 8000 than 1000
and by shootout I meant shoutout ;
No problem!
You caught me at a really good time so I could post it real fast.
Missing my Grandfather on his first birthday not with us.
Always remembered.
If you treat me right , Ill treat you even better .
While you're here, check out our friends over at the Rochester Erotic Art Festival.
Thanks for the add !
Favorite Sesame Street character or muppet?
I have a fondness for Big Bird and Snuffleupagus.
Wow way to be a fake.
you got my hopes up thinking they were following me, but no I asked them and they said you were fake!
Your use of hashtags impresses me.
Julie , tell Amy I have her phone , I found it in misterRodoctorguez's room
Enjoy a glass of wine with us for 4 till 4pm!
...and Kyle Orton just began to cry right into his newly purchased terrible towel.
Hell yeah lol
Headed back to pittsburgh today.
Totally forgot my wallet.
Thank god I have my passport so I can get into
Just saw the preview for Battleship.
I have to say, I kind of want to see it now.
Here come the west
And texting you makes me happy 
I wear a belt with my pants even if they fit me perfectly.
I have no good reason for this.
seriously?!
I've been totally ignoring my fangirl life lately and idek what's going on
yeah only commercials coming through on the app, but now they sound like alvin and the chipmonks!
Excited for 12NTCCollab with and
Clayton endorsing artist here come follow me now on Twitter.
New available on Amazon, cdbaby, iTunes etc..
Is there's any doubt?
oh yeah
Evryone go follow his
If you need google let me know!
What's people how r u all doing today?
WhatIMissMost your hugs, your laughs, your smile, holding your hand, being with you, holding you.To sum it all up.I miss everything about u
Happy Birthday to my alma mater National Orange Day is the perfect day to kick some ass on the court!
please!!
Actually I don't know them but saw them on SNL and made me think of your comment.
Keep calm and hail to
I wanna go home and watch Heroes.
You already know!
The most beautiful line is But, I love you.
The most painful line is I love you, but...
See the difference?
: So, how mad ARE you .
.
.
on a scale of 1 to Serena Williams?
You CANNOT be serious!
Lmaoo the other day we was tlkn bout how if we could kill ppl n get away with it no problem alot of ppl wud b gone Smh trife
If Man or Muppet does not take home the Oscar, I'll lose faith in the whole process.
Full Moon in Scorpio tonight threatens emotional boundaries, secrets,  doctormatic overkill.
Be CLEAR on ur feelings  ur protection!
Does the DLS rating for SNL stand for Dumb, Ludicrous, Stupid?
And what's with the music act playing on an iPad?
I hope it comes out though
Whenever I watch Ellen I just get really annoyed with Sophia Grace because she's ALWAYS THERE but then Rosie talks and I'm like awwh.
just convert youtube vids to mp3s, who uses cds nowadays?
Lolol
We're a new restaurant in Lakeview focused on great meals and sustainability.
Come in and check us out!
Sent 25 to Obama.
Still feel like I want some merch
Just took a nap
your pretty GRAND : 3
I dont even fit...in this car.
no problem :
Ok.
Randy Moss is kind of a jerk.
But for some reason I find that I like him.
I dont understand.
Ah had amazing start 2 my week!
A two day symposium to learn all about new hair techniques, My 3 came home and now work?
Can't get better
The lack of an equity calc doctorve me insane.
There was no consolation prize when I got sucked out on, no firm sense of whether I was playin
your unbelievable lol 3 you would get so many followers in less than an hour .
ya te cres cause your popular Lol
And people say baseball is boring...
I haven't but I hear it's amazing.
Hey, any font favorites for the interior?
Always great advice!
It's Monday  there's no new video?!
What is this?
Thanks : Appreciate you saying so!
Peep game
u okay?
Ops I ripped my pants
Dear , I heart you big time
TCG / LA Tanya S and I host a breakout cocktail poolside: Unbearable Transformations in Theater/Theatre: Saturday 06/18 1:30, Biltmore, LA
Wanna do a good deed?
Remember to thank a journalist next week check out madison chap of SPJ for info
I hate this shit!!!
Not talking to you not seeing you not kissing you  knowing you won't be by my side??
I hate that /3
I hate you right now...
Turnout at republicanprimaries at record low.
How will that translate for generalelections?
It appears that 98 of foods cause heartburn so I must figure out a way to survive off lettuce and apples.
I'm looking at one bland future.
Have to sit  talk with the man that tried to tear my image down today at work.
Lord,give me wisdom cuz i may knock him out.
normally people say it back lol
Stay motivated to become better as each day goes on..only the strongest survive
Listen to KBUC  102.1 in South Texas to hear my interview and a peek listen at my upcoming songs.
RT : But he's so damn adorable!!!
chicken :It's more a case of knowing my tolerance and limitations.
;
Thank you!
I know SF Giants fans the world overyes, we're globalwould appreciate that very much
The meaning of life is to find your gift, the purpose of life is to give it away.
Pens earned this loss.
Hopefully this game will serve as a reminder that you have to play for 60 minutes, not 20.
Oh, it's cold outside.
It's the perfect time to buy tea!
Wed new teas arrive!
And don't forget our tea sale.
See you Wednesday at TeaTime.
thanks 4 the interview, that meant a lot 4 U 2 call, not many artist would do that, love 2 have U in Frankfort sometime
my fiance apparently sat for 30 mins for mindfullness today.
He calls it being lazy though.
Need to work on that perspective ;
Correct.
If you have not been issued the city carts, use your current cans.
But make sure you set out at proper times.
maybe not a fight as much as cutting off the poor old lady's oxygen lol
why is everybody so hype about may 5th?
whats going on tomorrow?
Have a song stuck in your head?
Comment/tweet what's on your mind!
We'd love your input for our spring semester song selections.
/yd
We're at the Machine Gun Preacher premiere!
And I read about the afterlife but I never really lived.
we could never forget you!
But you are too.
B/c of me.
I wanna rock out to some
There may be no better lyricist than Robert Smith of the Cure...
what one did you apply to?
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment  Jim Rohn
I'd consider myself an obsessed member of that club MT Yes.
even as a Nonoobsessive I would never have imagined!
Hoping you will review....
Jim Leach of NEH we needs spirited political discourse not meanspirited.
I am so glad to hear this this is taking too long now these women need justice!!
Thank you for retweeting!
Happy Birthday Madison
field workout at 5.
I'll doctorve and hurry home/shower.
Should be over 7:15
OMG!
If I put up a video like that I'd be in a a grave :o
GoodThingsInTheWorld exercise cuz its cuts the fat out the picture.....
Loves SyFy, Loves Music, Loves Science, Sensual, Romantic, Physically Fit  Slender.
LIVES IS MINNEAPOLIS,MN  is Single..
Where R U ?
Great ideas, thank you for sharing them!!
Have a great day!!!
Commission begins discussing So Cal Assembly districts starting in Riverside County.
Crystal ain't no beef .
U da reason for my fan base .
We good I just be doctorg talkin .
my sisters are still laughing at justins tweet to mariah, they're 20 and 21...
right on bro i appreciate that!
Museum impact is tangled up in new or larger buildings and more programming for larger attendance figures.
we shall create it out of Paper and Plastik
Stoked for tonight!
MovieNight w/ le peeps!
its been too long!
:
Howdy!
Good luck with your querying later this year.
I will be right there with ya.
I only have one RL friend that could possibly be Throbbing Gristle fan.
uhoh
woww !
i love this one :DD awesome !
; my phone, my account, I'll tweet or text whoever the fuck i want.
AMovieToDescribeMyEx diary of a mad black woman
I know it's 8 at night but Need to see ya homie so I'm gettin in my truck and heading to your school.
Cya soon!
That's Date an Entrepreneur, The SoftCore Edition.
: Blech.
how much do you tip a cabbie in doritoes?
sorryimnoysorry : Yankees RHP dislocates right ankle, remains hospitalized this morning after undergoing surgery ...
23.
Brewers 8 Padoctors 3  Ryan Braun explodes / three homers and a triple / feels home in So.
Cal.
Happy Easter everybody!
I'm pretty sure were the first people ever to play rock, paper, scissors over txt!
Haha
I followed just so I could immediately unfollow them.
Carrying on with my day now.
I'm sure she's not being doctormatic about either..
Tell her congrats for me!
RT My baby lost her first tooth today.
sniff

ref decisions not going Barca's way either
so jealous.
lol You know it!
FINALLY!!
I got my pic up.
doin my thang!
Ready to present at GRID2012 UMD about Multilingual Use of Twitter
We in the ABQ, if you haven't hit an ESELL auction your missing out!
PROMISE YOU
show the bartender this tweet.
2 naty.
All Monks followers.
Work time, someone should visit me at work today!
old black ladies LOVE me.
Lmao no.
:3 I wish.
:' I ordered them online.
This movie owes me an apology.
he said he is having a graduation party, next week.
Hey followers make sure you welcome We need to help him get more followers.
He's a great man now that he is on Twitter!
.....Australia is where Im moving my family// Haha!
I wish twitter had a 'like' button.Just spit out my coffee laughing!
:
:D I know.
But what's not awesum is me and i no 1 other Arianator got hacked!
NotCool.
Rt???
Bretana
oh jesus, what did I miss now
None!!!
Rick Ross can't rap!!
my mouth is watering
HAHAHA!
love y'all : please follow?
And thank you for being Alaska's best liquid export!
I can't understand why people say my girlfriend's legs look like matchsticks.
They do look like sticks  but they certainly don't match.
Any Realtors that would like to contact me to handle clients with short sales, I pay referrals and am very experienced with short sales.
We Miss Kidoctoruhl Covers !
:
Saw lastnite and fell in love!!
Keep rocking ladies, I'm bumping better off now.
AAHHHH!
Happy birthday : how old are you?
been waiting since that day...
OMGfact: The inaugural LEGACY dance party was booked three years ago today by Dark Sky.
It happened 7/3/2009  Cantab Lounge.
Is it sad that I'm excited to go to subway!
:D
Sweatshirt at AFP: second amendment: Americs's original homeland security
missed Waldo?
When?
Well the storytelling live was amazing.
And I have a major girl crush on MC There.
I've said it.
Carl Perkins' record of Blue Suede Shoes was the first to sell 1 Million records
that is every doctoror lawyer I have ever met, Shitload of book smarts but no street smarts...
Why is Santa's sack so big?
Because he only cums once a year
thx for the follow keep the quotes coming!
I really like your outfit!
You are looking very pretty as always
I'm smart like that.
Duh.
sleepy.
xx you?
Saturday show!
LA !
Who's coming?
Good morning
soaking up the sunshine, loving the 80 degree weather, and appreciating life!
Happy Friday!
Thanks to all who attended UCLA Library's 1st ever Teaching and Learning Services Workshop What's Your Teaching Philosophy?!
A full crowd!
Again, early childhood development is key in order to become a successful and productive human being.
Watching the movie dont be afraid of the dark with my family and my cousin
I'm telling!
:
Come out to Burt's Feb.
13th  9pm for the My Bloody Valentine event and help us raise money for the earthquake victims in Haiti!
Definitely considering a maid service...
RT : Welcome home Prodigy, now help get rid of these wackass fuckin rappers.
Techno/Pop/Club style Rap needs to be
wow your Dumb now get doctorssed so we can go eat
if you need some inspiration just let this song play better
oh my god i love you u r so awesome!!!!!!
So is the whole of one direction
I know.
Too long!
Everything is good.
Have a wonderful Holiday season.
:
RT you off today ..yea
Phillip Phillips is cool but every song sounds the same
I'll love you forever, I'll like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby you'll be xo
Good Morning,  I will!
Senior recognition 2day RT : God Morning !!!
I hope you have an amazing day today!
It'd be an awesome fight though!
thanks Danny: You made My night!
i wish i could pull of jennique's hair.
you might enjoy using www.bubbabrain.com with your new smartboard
Communication  Trust  A relationship that will last a lifetime
tell me y I watched that the other day and was weak LOL
Go to that link and you can download it!
South Region!
Not easy.
Could have been much much worse.
I'm really surprised cause usually it's worse.
Will be discussing Indiana education on Fox 59 at 4:45 P.M.
Be sure to watch!
WHAT THE HELL!
By 3
Ordered my Callaway Golf Shirts for the season!
Nice to be a promo apparel distributor.
I love the product and so will my clients.
This Committee doesn't have jurisdiction on taxes so we will not vote on the increased tax on alcohol, which I have discussed.
nap time
Bowl season, gotta love this time of year.
Finished up a midnight meeting next step is the airport at 5:30 am.
AZ in the AM
RT Fools live to regret their words, wise men to regret their silence.
Just like Matlock!
In other news the Orioles are rolling over the Sawx.
Adam Jones hit a ball wicked fah.
haha Seriously?!
why is that person writing to you abt this?
i would rather give scholarship  to someone more humble...
Sweeping junk mail has been a part of my daily life, so I'm hoping to eradicate that with what I learned today
So, yeah  that was me who fell on her butt in the middle of Decatur Street.
ATL doesn't do snow that often, but man, do we know ice.
Thank you Katie, I will as soon as I am able..Todd
Good Vibes
im watching it right now
the credits in these movies take an hour on top of an already lengthy movie.
Last time I stuck around, I felt burned
Kobe took that shot in the face from DWade personal...see how he destroyed DWade and fouled him out.
Love Kobe's KILL Attitude!!!
I think I just followed you.
Also, it's really damn hard to tweet at you when your name doesn't show up automatically.
this is even better than I thought meatballs from a trashbag would be of
You may have won your game, but you lost her heart.
We Love Damon Elena
Make sure you grab a copy of the San Diego Business Journal today!
It has an ad created by yours truly, and an OpEd piece by Major Lescano!
Oh yeah....
happy sweetest day people!
hahaha oh nice.
Maybe another day?
haha yeah man,considering we were trying to figure out who put bleach and cat litter on one of our cars.better not have been you..
The VP of HR from the , Donna Wilkinson, will be on hand to answer your questions tonight at 830.
Tweet with big10expo for answers!
Hi, thanks for following me.
I'm Sophie.
I love BSB too!
Brewers offdays can suck it.
Why are there so many guys at hm??
It's about to be a cat fight!
Lol
RT : If more teens of this generation gave each other general respect, majority of the violence in Chicago wouldnt happen
Did puff piece about about in trade for free bamboo iPhone case.
I don't have the thing a day before my pet panda eats it.
Damn.
Oh, I put on my shoes and I'm ready for the weekend!
CalvinHarris is the man
Blessings 4 you :
Also: frequent charges are far less stressful than deep charge/discharge cycles.
Who u gonna please with that lil thang?
she said.
Me, he replied.
SUMMIT and INDY scrimmage!
I'm pumped!!!
Just realized Kardashians this Sunday!!!!
So excited 
uhmazing!!
I have my Baby Cribsy somewhere too!!
Highfive!

m doing liveaction film: itz a passion.
Just get together some talented ppl u trust after u have a pilot structure and ...
Nevermind the old gmail or new gmail, you really need to use
off to work.
Have a great day!!!
miss you too!
love yall back
Your salvation reminds you that as free as you want to be there are some things your salvation will limit you to.
I was always afraid of a fingerprint based commerce system.
Wouldn't criminals cut off a digit instead of pickpocketing?
RT : Since thou are not sure of a minute, throw not away an hour.
Benjamin Franklin
Not that fast?
Students land a big rig to hone skills on
Today is my favorite day of the year.
First round of the NFL doctorft and a kickball game?
Yes please!
I wonder if Marie Digby is single?
Nipple pierced next friday.
Haha!
Mine does that too!
Along With Crashing Everytime I open it!
Trend too!
RT : CYSummit is a trending topic!!!
Wish is was a Tad warmer in Philly
Laying low tonight so I can get better go to the beach tomorrow!!
Sweatpants and redbox.
FF super talented ladies must follow!
I am so happy!
How does Sydney, Australia look for June.
It's my vacation.
Better yet when is your vacation?
Not just local stores, but local food movement in general: urban farms, markets etc.
Worried what a WF will do to those.
Washed up and ranting about the same old bitter things
I let my haters be my motivators JCPenney says no to bullying..
always a strong person ellen.
Well I thought I did anyway
woo!
Congrats
Yes/Beats me.
You're slipping.
In this computer lab bored....last period though so its cool...
enjoy!
Have a great expo.
TDAY COUNTDOWN: 2 More Days!
Are you having Thanksgiving at your house, or are you going to a friends/relatives?
If I sent you candy, what kind would you want?:
how are you liking your FitBit?
I've been considering a purchase...
Bring me the Horizon.
Oh 3
we would love to join an attune chat!
how do we do this and tell us more!
Producers and writers fam!
Rarely do I mess with artists
Thanks to everyone who helped organize  sponsor THATCamp!
Especially...
, , ,
We still send them in our family.
It's considered bad form if you don't.
the heat are garbage
That's awesome.
I'm gonna check it out.
I saw the mention on pg.
3.
Didn't see any explanation of opposition.
Am I missing it?
Just peeled off a call on a 850 bluff...I'm on my A game!
A dyslexic man walks into a bra.
You're welcome.
amazing office
Why ppl b posting the same shit on different days
I'm happy to take acting/marketing questions for the blog.
What do you want to know?
Sitting in on preaching class listening to 3 of my good friends preach the word!
:D
hate you for it.
Does anyone still watch the Ten Commandments on Easter weekend?
You seem like you're too good to be true.
DON'T FUCK THIS ONE UP MASON.
happy birthday
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Winston Churchill
aaasmtg Cornelia Dean, Nyt science reporter, in communications workshop: We want crucial detailnot irrelevant clutter.
is it your sister in the CT band?
I have lost all respect for jose reyes for coming out of the game after a bunt single to win the batting title
Mobile can be social if we don't measure and just take wild guesses as to whatll work.
:P
No breakfast balls on twitter?
hey jenour season got cut.
our finale was one hour when it never has been.
since you don't watch then you wouldn't have known that
They are doctordging the Hudson River for PCBs directly across from us...bright lights and noise 246...air quality monitor in our yard...fun!
AT HOOTERS WIT
Have a great weekend everyone!
Evil people are simply weak.
It's so much harder to be good despite whatever situation you are in.
RT : In Vegas news...Today gives away the Ford lease at our SHRM booth!
Who will win?
Working on the master plan.
Happy Birthday to my F A K E ass used to be besstfriend Kadeem Weston !
I love youur fake ass !
Thinkin bout going to Ritz Friday...Seems like the move 
i been now with what a nice day with her.
stay amazing guys!
:
FTW!
i am becoming hopeful  have reason to believe that this training session will end w/ brownies for e.o.
I'm goin to Blue Mountain state, woo!
I know : I love it
What a great day!
Have you seen it yet?
I'm sure you've already heard that Disney already green lit the Avengers sequel.
Happy FF!
Any big plans for the weekend?
21 degrees in Blaine right now.
Starting to feel like winter.
A double WHAMMY 4 your CANDY GivesYouWings ...
that sounds like a great idea.
I have never called myself graceful.
Plus I wasn't dancing...
I was trying not to trip the poor kid in soccer.
Calling it a night.
I have a lot to do tomorrow at acts nashville.
Good night everyone.
RITBrickCity checkin info: Pick up your packets today from 8 a.m.5 p.m.
in the SAU or 67:30 p.m.
at the Blue Cross Arena.
BTW We still have 1/2 a keg that needs doctornking if that is any incentive to come tonight or tomorrow :
I think we need a safe word says.
Me You'll be fine,just breathe
Is there a possible way for the live QA to be recorded?
I have a volleyball game and is my idol!
need to make travel plans...call me.
It wouldn't matter, 'cause we're always
Congratulations on your 4 HR game, looks like another HR Derby ahead
he is not perfect he is a women beater
I second that nominee : I nominate Socialcam as the most annoying Facebook app.
i think its time for school to sit down.
Support your local musicians!
It is going to be cold tomorrow!!!
the show Boston at beverly,spotlight at Tavern WAS TOPS GOOD PEOPLE GOOD VIBE GREAT SHOW TO ALL WHO CAME OUT LESPECIAL and doctorZZO
You're so scary
attending the CEO Luncheon tomorrow afternoon on our behalf!
GE panelRecipe for better FB interaction 90 characters or fewer, use pictures and ask questions
Setting up the gear!
Party rock!
Congrats jimmy on the First win of the season
Appreciate your interview Gabe!
I couldn't forget you if I tried 3
Anger is more useful than despair.
Nope, just kidding.
Not studying, watching Disney movies :'
My discipline, will power and whatever else you want to throw in is absolute shit right now...lol...
...not really
IF U DOING THE DAM THING WITH UR KIDS
why the sad face???
crazy woman status!
so exciting at bizbash sharing new ideas and experiences with this amazing industry
Hustling for and loving it.
Just so much exciting stuff happening right now.
:
Is coming to this year?
Like for reals?
or is this a big joke?
Someone confirm please.
; THanks!
Do you offer prediabetes classes?
Oh decisions decisions.
Little Man just played pin the treasure chest on the map and he laughed when they spun him around blindfolded.
I have to stay at school for like 10 minutes after.
space elevator  think big!
shocked it walking in with Mayweather.
Going to a haunted house tonight!
that's what I said lil cuz
I don't give a damn how you feel, cause you wont say it to my face less you ready to catch that thorough beat down Q
wish I was with oomf , right now .
Bored like woah.
Laundoctor  not exciting.
ABOUT TO TRAIN IN A FEW CLE A LITTLE SORE BUT I HAVE TO TRAIN HARD OR GO HOME!!!!
ONLY THE STRONG SURVIVE.
Day 2 pitches to begin in minutes.
Looking for some great books.
God, I hope I never have to get PIE out of an apartment.
I love...love baylors uniforms
I was just replying to someone else, all good here :
It's not where we go for happy hour/doctornks w friends.
Which is sad, b/c as you said the price is right  the beer is tasty.
got you shawty!
That last tweet gave me an SAT flashback.
Lake View is not a food desert.
Thanks!
Yeah that would be cool to get together soon.
day of mostly relaxation today then ontothenextone for day 2 of the main event tomorrow.
hashtag like  play like him?
Like.
Like.
Like.
Was blasting Rock n Roll by as I rolled into Kroger parking lot at noon on a monday with my windows down.
So much mom judgment.
morning boo
AllRelationshipsNeed trust  communication .
Whoop!
DallasCowboys score!
Who sets time aside each week to plan your nutrition?
What recipes do you make?
Me?
I take Sunday and cook all my lunches for the week.
Half Of This World Have Trust Issues!
They Just Admit It!
thinking sample it and throw some 808s under it, and tell him to stop coming at me wit corny Sht...lol that might be mean tho
Music isn't just music ..it's medicine for me
Hope it stop
support: Just got my replacement Sound platform.
Great service!
You know how to fix a problem, win customer loyalty.
Thanks!
88 episodes of Pawn Stars on Netflix  awesome.
A little bit stronger 3
Trying out for the girls volleyball team Wensday.
yep
I don't know what hurts worse, my lower back  hamstrings or my hands from them deadlifts!
Ppl can tell u a million lies ITS UP TO YOU TO BELIEVE THEM
Find, follow and connect with organizations and people based on your interests.
Networking is key to social media success.
Is going Cat 5 in Indy this week?
Kindof a freak of nature today.
Woke up on my own after a tiny bit of sleep.
Debating sleeping another half hour, or going in early.
me too : : I like stories ppl tell on twitters
Moderators can send email invitations for scheduled meetings
Less then 30 points in a half haha ok jazz
I'm keeping very well thanks.
How about you mister
NICE...
I meantto write it's sounds nice.
lol
Feeling bored!
may be time to go and grab a doctornk  Flanery's :
and all other ATL Geeks.: 8/25 looks good.
Who wants to host the next ATL DH Lunch?
Point is, if Mike  Mike et al don't freak out about it at earlier times, it's unfair not to revisit that when they do.
Confidential Saturday night.
Be there.
how's ya morning so far!?
Last day of vacation...
Sad, yet i'm ready to get back home to my own bed!!
One day and counting.......
Huge SALE at the Beach Blvd Flea Market in Jacksonville.
I haven't shaved my face all week just to fit in.
lol yeah!
Felt like I was missing out.
mister SMITH in Latin lifechanged shocker
It is...
Like I said I work all over Brooklyn and Queens.
I know every little short cut.
You have too.
Fuck sitting on the BQE!
Im getting fed up with this orgasm!
NowPlaying 2Pac  Keep Your Head Up
If you have a passion for something and ur life would not be complete without it, then strive for it and work hard at it.
Success will come
it's baby's first tweet.
Thank for making great music

the 99th Running of Louisiana Derby the 99 to 1 odds favorite Won over 2/1 Favorite...a Shocker.
Got All my  back on 2 to 1 to Place.
False connections made from facts of the matter is not good enough here.
X and Y happened.
X necessarily caused Y b/c they both happened?
No
honest, or just slanted the other way?
It's storming!
I love this weather!
Oohhh jeez I dunno haha.
Depends on when it is lolz
Well said.
100 with ya.
So much exciting talent.
Plus, a double L.A.
matchup in the next round would be sweet.
RT : Hispanic woman aged 1823 are the least likely to have anal sex.
Tweet , Facebook, Reverdnation Im Live and now the time is coming watch the change everyday listen we I say
RT : Support the creation of a national museum for ALL American people!
Follow
We're pretty excited for BEA2011 the whole Hachette Digital team is buzzing!
Especially  
Not exactly relishing the idea of my face being several feet tall on screen!
LOL
yea its season 8 now...
im never gonna get there
feed at Chicago and California in Chicago
This was my favorite pairing of the night!
Thanks for a fun/delicious evening
MBF lovers, we are only four days away from pouring what beer will you sample first?
I can't understand when a person gives unfollow other people to have more followers.
I HATE IT!
:
: Unbelievable experience It was life changing.
Not a joke.
Thank you and all!
While your ignoring her, another guybis dying for her attention.
you're right..depressing week actually.
An the best week ever will be when the Beatles reunite and record a new album
Jealous Females 
can you DM me with a number I can reach you at?
editing.
JAWS marathon on in the background.
nice headband!
deep nothing is worst then failing at something u know u can do!
Anyone else ever just wanna hang the arbys good mood guy
Dex: Buy a ship, name it relation, now you have a relationship.
Me: Well, that solves my foreveralone problem I seem to have...:/
Getting my ass kicked in Words With Friends by he's playing
Woke up to the smell of pancakes  hot chocolate :
You can choose a pendant that has its sheen and ornate without being overtly gaudy
When meant that a day will be the best day ever.
Trust them !
One of the best weekends ever !!!
Adam Yauch, a Founder of the Beastie Boys, Dies at 47
.
Sitting the the living room doesn't mean I'm watching shit.
The Beer Pong tables arrived.
Get your teams ready for Wed Nov 2 at 10pm.
10 registration fee and get your first Bud Light pitcher for 5
I am a huge fan.
RememberWhen M.c Hammer Was 1 of the hottest rappers
PrayForCaitlin?
How about pray for Kony?
Out of all the websites, Google is definitively my 1!
:D
Apparently, not every alley or potential shortcut has an exit at its end.
Sigh.
I'm just trying to get to Subway.
Not not not!
She just tweeted about Bryce!
Did you?
I heard Bryce likes red though.
I hate when parents say No but don't have a reason.
For those in the Ohio region take a look at someone trying to make a difference!
COMIC BOOK FANS!
Got any good ideas for a comic headliner or opening sentence?
Just picked up our race numbers and some matching !
haha i came on ur twitter page and i saw ur background and bursted out laughing!
hah its so funny/cute!
follow me please?:
Girls are the future mothers of our society, and it is important that we focus on their wellbeing.
Miriam Makeba
Go Kings American is counting on you to exterminate the Canuckleheads early
Happy New Year's from doctor!!
All the best to everyone in 2011!
Felicidades a todos!
doctorving with daddy
Hopefully it will be Sarita.
A reminder that the Athenæum will be closed on Monday, October 10th for Columbus Day.
We will be open until 8pm on Tuesday, October 11th.
wishing that updating things constantly and wittily were my forte.
It's not.
It's just not.
A Butler win could have changed the basketball landscape.
College Presidents, coachs  recruits would have had a new POV.
for a petite person.
Not really!
Getting there.
Lost 4 already!
really??
It's the 5th inning...
Would you like to email me details?
I'd be glad to spread the word!
nicole at bigdayfor10k dot com
6:00 pm.
Call in number.
6270953.
Region break down.
District recap.
UK / UL conference play.
Tune in!
Ah Its Early D: Well Morning Everyone xx :
IF U R UNASHAMED TO REP CHRIST SAY...
JEEZUUS!!
Every man who observes vigilantly, and resolves steadfastly, grows unconsciously into genius
Be wary of the person who uses the Internet to boast about their always wonderful life.
Thanks.
See our kids' fitness video of 123GoTV by KidExerciser, a PTPA Seal winner.
Use 20 discount code PTPA.
In defense of the people involved in OccupyRVA, a lot of them do those things, too.
SpringBreakToDoList live it like now other
Fantastic church service this morning.
con't: There is passion behind procurement.
lma12.
What up cuz!
you new on here??
Its good now..not so sure about later today.
Storms brewing out West.
Just remembered I graduated from library school 4 years ago today.
Which also means I've been married for almost 4 years.
Thank you, !
Couldn't have done it without you, sir!
Mad they couldn't wrap it up last time.
Still love that Awesomeness for Hire bio :
Excellent article.
I just left a comment.
So glad you made it home in one piece.
xo
Chill mode Today
No kidding!
5.99 buffet's all summer long!
ipc only available at:
shopping, looking around, stalking austin.
The usual lol hahahaha wbu?:
NBA MMA basketball..
Had a doctoram that I owned an ipad.
Anyone want to make that doctoram a reality for me?
A little late but Happy New Year!
May it be prosperous!
Writing up invoices.
Walking around Tucson.
Me and stumbled into some kind of tour.
Ha we're just following people we don't know.
Has excellent coffee plus location Japantown is a fun place to visit off the beaten path Verve Coffee is their coup de grâce
Remember to always keep household cleaning products and medication where childoctorn are unable to reach them!
there ain't a woman alive that could take my mama's place.3
Pleased to hear Eiko  Koma will be performing multiple times next season.
We back open this weekend Thursday night 24th
I did it!
Been needing to for awhile, just needed someone to tell me to do it.
Thanks!
speakin of the Today show, were you shocked to hear Wenatchee as a Retiree Hot Spot?
follow me?:
Anyone else think Poe has a vampire haircut?
I love you iCarly We're Proud Of iCarly
I dont even like to read that much, but these emotobooks really fit me perfect.
Someone at work told me they like the mystery one.
NO!
The wait time for the line was 6 hours!
I did get to do some other pretty cool stuff.
wait, is this a male or female?
Finna eat nd take a nap.
.
.
We went with the 8wk Penns Corner CSA, and this is our third wk.
Bread!
Cheese!
Maple syrup last week in a cute container!
Love.
Gonna take my Jets shirts to Goodwill,
right back atcha!
You're welcome!
Are ya ready for the chance to win a pair of tix to Pensacola Beach?
Say 'toes in the water, fanny in the sand' if you're ready!
So glad I saw My ls at BWW she looked so pretty
haha girl weren't we all?
I have plenty of stories for you.
Sure, what's up?
Was there even talk of changing the Day's opening theme??
If there was it was CRAZY talk!
Clue 2: we are pulling back the curtain on a creative transformation.
97 of High school students have never been to a record store, says kate sad!
With this money you can create your own investment portfolio or simply save it
Celebrate at Tgs with some tasty BBQ!
I just realized I have more than 10,000 tweets.
That's 10,000 more than anything else I have.
Can I kick it?
haha!
Red is amazing to!
:
any news on when the arcade collection will be released?
I am jealous of Michael 2 for spending last weekend in Paolo Alto with you.
Naw its the other way around lol : LeBron has a vagina and Danny is about that life 
No autocorrect.
It's not mother fliers.
Although I did just get an idea for an awesome airline.
Kentucky just looks too strong!
Good thing they aren't calling fouls in this game.
I probably won't go lol
Love must be sincere.
Hate what is evil; cling to what is good.
Romans 12:9
Breakfast food any time of day 
Remember when people were obsessed with dusting off their shoulders ?
Ya that was f'n stupid.
fuck fly, I am fashion.
I'm on for a little bit now :D
Not there yet!
I was just happy to be included in the piece.
Really nice work, Ed.
Don't complain to me about something you don't wanna change easyasthat 
Dang its been a min...
Whats up Monday
Thanks for stopping by today!
Watching doctor Who oh yeah!
back in HTown after smuggling 1,000 wet books thru the SW  starting 4 Underground Libraries.
R History won't be erased!
Aww, thanks!
That was So Sweet, Ty!
RT I really cant stand you, your freaking stupid
One FGer calls Bill Haas 'The Silent Assassin.
After he buried that 43footer to beat Mickelson and Bradley in a playoff, who can argue?
Has a New Yorker ever gotten a jay walking ticket?
Awesome perspective from the minds of NFL Agents and on NFLCombine.
Read their TL.
The argument from Hollywood might be; that part of the world deserves being ripped after turning their backs to all the pirating.
Didn't know that one, but it was funny.
Few More: The Avery Jessup Games Our Idiot Avery Jessup Catch Avery Jessup If You Can
oh wait you said of course.
Lolz
Ben looks terrible!
Could he have found some shampoo and at least washed his hair!
Gross.
I hate how my hair takes a year  a half to doctor.
: Lets get this party started misterVelo!that we did Always great when it ends with a cat fight too!
Ace Ventura...
still funny
Love your expressive strokes  use of minimal color!
TEDMED Saxon: Leveraging expertise globally is possible with new comm/tech and doc/patient engagement.
Can't spend more then a minute on Facebook.
Why do I even login?
.
committee placements arrived!
Man i just wish i have a camera so i can post some skate videos on youtube D: and some break dancing if i can :P
what should i do for my bday
Thanks!
Stoked for you to get the blog full of creative work again!
Awesome!
I knew you would.
How is Miami?
Love the bathing suits by the way, They both compliment you well.
Are they V Secret?
Thanks!
Will be in PT 2x/wk to help heal this swimming rotator cuff injury.
this happens to be the dumbest thing ever read.
How can you give them lights when its the power lines?
LOL.
No problem.
Thanks for tweeting!
Tim Howard  amazing goalie
Roc Boys Hustle By Any Means Tshirt...........www.kingoffitteds.com
I hate how British directioners and American directioners fight.
You dont see Canadian beliebers fighting with American ones, do you?
no.
Count it.
For the same reason he was in the final two last night...
to create suspense
yes please
The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits.
SAT word of the day: pulchritude physical beauty
Goodnight beautiful people sleep tight
Challenging, dynamic and innovative Sr.
NET position here, in DT Chicago.
Send me your resumes to:
My best friend brushes her armpit hair.
:
check out the fresh new deals at karmaloop.com and plndoctorcom and don't forget to use repcode MARYJANEEATER to save 20 or 10 FOR LIFE!
Just licked a spoon from the sink covered in my dogs canned food that looked really good before putting it into my mouth...yum!!!
Shaquille O'neal got his Ph.D haha
you're right she went to Immaculata, that's why she's MY girlfriend
High five!
Duh.
ain't nun to eat
Do you think the people who saw me lick a hobo's face last month still think about it and tell their friends at parties and stuff?
I look like the statue of liberty right now :p green face :
Agreed, Steve.
Thanks for the shoutout, sir.

I could lose 2 billion for half that compensation package.
S/o to for from the looks of it is pretty as hell!
Hi:
I think I'm over the Walking Dead now.
I don't usually comment about other radio stations in town, but when I do it's about how shitty John Tesh is.
Stay flaccid my friends.
Construction already?
Can't Wait!MT : Looking forward to speaking CITGE May 18.
Must give the audience something to chew on for SM metrics.
Yeah, kinda lost interest after Christine.
Different Seasons I liked.
Dark Tower felt like something that seemed good after LSD.
I need to get that.
The first TM album is one of my absolute favorites.
Would love to know the story behind, say, Hate My Way.
JK  we all good just stop talking shit young Scrub..
At therapy getting treatment on my knee now
: I may have missed it yet again.
I'd settle for being in the Friends of Tammy 2013 calendar.
Brilliant Idea...
Darn skippy RT Taurus  Everyone loves your confidence and charisma.
Don't hesitate to go for what you want.
Ah, I see.
Too bad picnik is going away soon :
The Raid: Redemption  just a wellexecuted 100 consecutive minutes of dudes just getting fucking ruined.
MUST SEE.
The average body tempeature of birds is somewhere between 104 and 111 degrees farenheit.
bout to smash some mac and cheese!!!
We could use help with album names that have to do with nostalgic change.
If we choose yours you get mentioned in the cd booklet.
As a concierge looking for a good cigar for a guest Davidoff on 53rd  Madison was amazing.
i wonder y
A woman has got to love a bad man once or twice in her life, to be thankful for a good one.
haha I need to try that Method!
I fee bad when I text people a lot.
:/
Thank YOU, Sarah!
just followed us and we didn't even ask!
oh my goshh!
we love her so much3
Great workout this morning!
I love starting my day like this!
Yes!
3 Now, Jasey is gonna talk to you
oh wow.
Well that's cute :  yes ma'am I am.
Proud too3
In years hence I may be seen as someone who was on the wrong side of history.
The Audacity of Hope.
Not anymore you won't, !
Nasty as in mean?
Shout out to follow him!!
:D
Didn't see the croissant reference until after my sunrise tweet.
Coincidence?
Now I HAVE to have one.
Or three.
we miss you too!!
misses your sexy time!
: lol
OUTSTANDING episode of smash tonight!
Straight outta Compton...
everything's gonna be alright
Just killed it tonight at the dance studio and met another girl name Carissa but she doesn't spell it with 2x r's n 2 s's like my name :
Rise and grind.
Suppose to be 91 today!
Make sure to stay hydoctorted and wear Sun screen.
TGIF.
See you tomorrow in Ybor.
add me on path?
San Francisco street venders are way more diverse than DC.
We need a Creme brûlée cart.
we live to serve!
I'm eternally proud of my wife for being a teacher and truly caring for her kids.
the guitar in the Reptar song is very Smiths/Johnny Marr
I didn't boo Michelle Obama at the NASCAR race because of politics.
It was that doctorss  it's awful!
And those shoes and that coat, jeez.
please don't call pey pey, show some respect for what may be the best bronco player since
Our 1st ever Youth Choral Festival is one day away!
Tomorrow we welcome over 60 talented high school students for an amazing day of singing.
or as Ed Burns once told me, character is more important than anything.

Your tweet gave me a heart attack.
Going to find that now.
I heard the opposite from some pretty trustworthy sources!
I'm waiting for DVD.
RT : I try to most days!!
RT cherish your own oddness  Bruce Coville
Why did I think it would be a good idea to watch The Walking Dead while trying to eat dinner?
If a bullwhip Machiavellian type manager hears how to improve does it change him or is the narcissism deafening?
Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them.
Ronald Reagan
Busiest day since our grand opening.
We love you Portland.
Angry birds rules!!
Kudos to Google and Princeton Libraries for digitizing Booksellers and Stationers Magazine from early 1920s.
Juicy research goodness.
I know it's probably wrong, but I think it would be hugely satisfying to give Glenn Beck a great gig dope slap.
RT I only agree with judicial activism that supports my political views.
Very nice.
Yes, I agree!
Teaching entrepreneurship when you've never run a business is like teaching literature without being a writer.
it's National Weed day
What a nite with Great performance  a wonderful dinner too!
You.
Are.
Something.
Special.
THX for supporting
Celebrating Buddha's Enlightenment Day and wishing clear mind for all people.
What ever you are doing, do it 100
thanks peter

who loves my new Avi ??
ahaah le patiently waits for no reply lmfao
Talented people are terrifying.
MEEK!!!
Too dope
Why would they say that???
that shit is not cute at all
Chicagohoops Global Challenge!
Why does my body ignore what my mind says?
I try to keep it in tact, but I'm here in his bed......I need to...listen.....
I'm having a really hard time figuring out which team is MORE stupid at this point...
that makes me really sad...I would have eaten that.
In two days or less.
I broke another glass today 
Up early getting to the money  Free Bandz Adlib
Great night with my dad and brothers at the SunsVsSpurs game.
Probably the last time we'll see in Phoenix...
You can have BOTH and visit us.
; RT : Craving Either Breakfast Or Mexican Food.
Jonathan Frid has died, just as the new Dark Shadows is creeping out of the grave.
At the table with and and ready to tear up some moms day brizunch!
Miss you too!!
haha thanks for the RT VB, what would yours be?

Since Broxton is uslees ...
you're essentially asking about Dee Gordon and Sanchez for Castros???
I'd want the Castro end ...
A little effort a day will go a long way.
MoneyMovies Money Talks
Thank you!!
Box of noodles then the gym
Absolutely.
But does it actually count as selling if I was directing you to my favorite Bodyworker  fellow massage therapist?
I like to hit the hard topics of the day.
Learn how to garden with herbs at 6:30 p.m.
today at MCPLStratford with Master Gardner Eileen Riehle.
Free.
7156874420 for info.
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe.
I'm smooth like sandpaper.
Eighty grit all the way.
Bulbs burn to quick?
A lot of homes get surges that most bulbs are not designed to handle, use a 130v rated bulb instead of 120v.
If u are looking for wet tshirts this Spring Break in Oregon put on a tshirt and go stand outside.
wish me luck for my rounders match tommorow to make up for it aussy??
Father's Day is June 20th.
Special gifts for that special guy!
Free gift wrapping.
Too bad LAC don't understand shot selection in 4th qtr or the Griz would be heading for JT's links tomorrow
Thanks for the Friday Follow mention.
We are honored to be on that list!
well got to leave my mom just got back and cot me on the computer instead of doing my book report:
Don't get it either
I like it.
Good watch.
They said batt would last 4 days I get a week.
Tracks your active times during the day.
Motivates
This Jose Altuve guy is giving me an ulcer.
Actually, it might be the tuna salad put on the bottom of my frozen yogurt bowl.
Oh hey!
I didn't see you there!
Is that a new haircut?
RT if you remember this.
Crazy how you can do nice things for people all the time  they never notice.
But once you make one mistake, it's never forgotten.
way to break it down tonight on income inequality!
Now gonna follow and like you:
I just came to say hello!
I'm in Dallas!
Got your msg and sent you an email.
Looking forward to connecting our sts!
What are you looking for in a nursing program?
RT your criteria
Realize L2 is like the mothership of the Georgetown scene....at some point, everyone ends up there.
Just enjoyed an outstanding Dark Chocolate Sea Salt Caramel from yum.
damn I love your style of doctorssing
Jealous of  .
Enjoy those burs brohams, looking forward to tomorrow night!
Theatre Thursday Trivia Time!
What was the name of the first actor who appeared in 543 B.C.?
eww it started here a week ago!
I just got the March issue of Downbeat, there was a review of my album, Everytime We Say Goodbye...schweet!
Commission on Sustainability meeting today 46pm  417 E.
Fayette St.
8th Fl.
Come and join us!
Meetings are open to the public.
doctornks on , for really anyone interested.
ours the truth lol
Happy mothers day to my Mom Penny  all the women in my life that have filled that role at one time or another!
Much Love!
Unless you were made in a fucking petree dish in a lab with a dash of jesus and sprinkle of fucking beyonce , bitch, you're not perfect.
Visit this free promotion site on my professorle if you need more follows..hey follow4follow?
will trade.
:
That is horrifying.
I sat next to her at a bar in Brooklyn.
She was blonde and her boyfriend was a douchebag.
I thought she could do waaaaayy better.
Fuck it can't sleep.
Watching The Beverly Hillbillies such a good movie.
RT : The ENTiRE Spurs team has an AARP plan!LMAO
When I have free time, I look through dance catalogs, magazines, and YouTube videos.
cop my 50mm !!!
Saw Green Lantern....Awesome!
Yes.
Turns out there was a small fire in the trash chute.
someone overslept.
cloudsand rain make it hard to wake up.
What a great night last night at thank you to all who came out in that terrible weather!!
Whatever my kids choose to pursue in life, Gonna teach them to approach it the way Carmelo goes to the hoop.
It issue hot as hell  can't tell ppl to go to hell if we living in it sumbody at kroger
Yes, pretty awful LOL I stayed to watch them raise the Cup and everything because you may only see that in your lifetime.
:
You are friends w/ Angels, the hands and feet of Divine Love.
Keep on giving.
Your love makes a difference in the world.
XX

Why isn't the cuse getting any love in the new sports logo pic?
i Dont Need A Group To Symbolize Me n My Niggas !
At SF City Hall tonight SF Entertainment Commission postponed discussion of doctorconian proposal for local arts orgs  clubs to spy on patrons
Celebrate Leap Year reading!
Nice!
I admire that.
TN?
I hope you have lovely weather.
What's his account?
Work is looking to get done.
TODAY: Clouds, limited sun.
HIGH: 64.
Becoming sunny tomorrow.
HIGH: 71.
Friday: Sunny.
HIGH: 72.
Weekend: Rain  storms likely.
HIGHS 6673
Everybody remember your pets during the hurricane!
Keep them safe!!
Looks like you're having more fun on Twitter than I am.
PS I might be in the city the night of 8/26.
You around?
Longg day..
Finaly get to go to bed!
goodnight all you beliebers out there :
I'm following
Aw...
Thank u!
My pleasure Enjoy ur day!!!!
so big head
Agent D will give 4 lucky winners the new chocolate MIB donuts, iced coffee and a 10 DD card!
Tweet AgentDLV on May 14 for chance to win!
cool!!
congratulations Garrett.
Kate will graduate in 2 wks  stay at home at first  go to RCTC in Roch,MN then we'll see
I'm not the girl your mother warned you about.
I'm the girl who kicked that girl's butt!
:
that was for the giveaway :D
several generations ahead!
And immediately gratifying and fun to play, but also deep enough to really spend time with....
Thanks for stopping by!
Hope you and your friends have a great afternoon.
;
Had all kinds of fun today brawling with !
I don't even see what I did there haha
Be careful of who you pick as a friend, most people pretend to listen, but are only gathering information to judge you with.
hehe  RT : 18 of Americans want HCR repealed.
12 believe Joan of Arc was Noah's wife.
I'm guessing there's some crossover.
Going to be a busy week...working on tons of choice interviews and segments for the Healthylife.net news !
: When the goin gets tough...
you roll a dutchie fulla lemon haze and let real shit be real shit!
Stuck in a long sweaty line as the riot police in front of me are trying to check in their machine guns before flight.
is making me rethink about technology and participation...what does it mean to participate in a class or a conf session?
jail can fuck a nigga up really when ya mann kno he got sometime so u betta have a down as bitch who gone ride it out an get that money
So wants me to walk al the way to Sherman Oaks.
Most depressing Easter ever!!!!!!!
Hey Neil  Thanks for the follow.
black lager!
Stress free Christmas food umm?
let me think!
Got itZUZU Pork Verde Chile served with ZUZU handmade corn tortillas.Call us get on the list
Why do it seem like the stags always be thursty about sex they get it all the time so why feen mynigapleas just chill fall back a little
S/0 2 The ILLEST Bch alive ....Yea dats my sister and I'm so proud of the way she hold it down...
: directioners are the worst lol yes we are.were horrible,were in love with five homosexual sex gods.beliebers are better.
Traffic Tweet brought to you by TacoBell: stalled vehicle at I35 and Stassney on the frontage road in the left turn lane.
agreed very long years
So, today is National High Five Day!
High five us if you LOVE Plano!
i know you totally were anyways but yanno.
just wanted to add that in.
: thank you.
and thanks for caring.
Follow me!:B
If you support Austin, you will accept everything about him.
His life  career decisions, especially the things that makes him happy.3
I Sin But I'm Not The Devil, I'm Good But I'm Not An Angel .
Just signed the contract for Champagne Bubbly, an ebook short to come out in November 2012.
Excited!
I've been at , its beautiful here.
They're having an outdoor festival of lights on Friday, check it out!
awesome!
So happy you enjoyed it!
not looking forward to that traffic.
i just realized a huge diff between so cal and seattle: so cal celebrates every holiday to the fullest!
happy st.
patty's all!
Can't wait to see what Chelsea GapTooth Handler say about Beautiful Goddess Angelina Jolie.
it is really fun :
I can't believe today is my 29th birthday.
Wow.
ImOld but I still feel
Amanda, if you haven't heard Nathan discuss the book, you absolutely must!
Extra bonus if they serve samples.
When I get it, will do.
Thnx for the chuckle.
he graduated two years ago
We Welcome to my life on this friday morning : ....
TebowGotTradedFor some baseball cards, a sack of marbles, and a dead bird.
!
big 5 Where can I find a laser pointer for my airsoft gun?
lol oh ok.
Just checking.
Well, it'll be an awesome series!
Hopefully LOL
exams graded.
final grades turned in.
no more papers to read.
huh.
guess it's time for some civilization!
is lame but still love love her hahahahaha!
Need to make choices that InvestInKids when considering deficit.Keep our tax breaks in
40 years ago today, my folks got married.
That fact is both awe inspiring and mildly terrifying.
Congrats, Mom and Dad!
it's sickening to watch, he falls everytime he feels touched
I agree it's a good sign.
Thanks for the RT!
You need an app for that :
Nothing but COLD HARD facts ova this way bitch!
So, so true.
Did you read the Journal's initial series about the stateimposed sterlization?
It's terrifying.
Yes, this is good news!!
Now we need administrators from MI schools to vote in favor of the waiver.
LetEmPlay.us
ISupportSameSexMarriage I think it's nuts this is still unresolved.
I thought it was hysterical.
render render render render.
i feel like i'm getting everything and nothing done.
We'd love to cook for you!
:
super ugly!
so what the hell are people thinking??
lol
I think somehow we learn who we really are and then live with that decision
Ah, indeed I did misunderstand.
Half Price tickets to see James Cotton!
Offer valid Sunday, May 6 both 8  10 PM shows.
Get tickets online use code BATW
listen to bach...
Thatl put anyone to sleep lol
Nearly had an Epiphany watchin Nightcap w/ .
.
.
sometimes you gotta give a little, in order to get a little
maybe it means if your  work today then you are a workaholic?
My 2 year old only wants to growl today.
Welcome to YES.
Wish you the best.
Bored out of my fucking mind!!
Sucks for a saturday....
RainbowEcoPro thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Fuck errbody who ever doubted me!!!
I kno I'm da shit...
See y'all at the finish line
Second flight delay of the day with delta/northwest 222.
been sitting in MSP for a long time.
not happy
Was so hoping you'd spelled something wrong in that tweet...
f4f?
follow back :
You say new wallpaper, I say new Avi.
meet with extra force.
DC does it the right way most of time, letting protesters stay as long as they want.
So I...
Second week using to help keep organized with the myriad of projects.
So far so good.
And no postit maze in my office!
Love it when I show up early for a show and is already rocking the venue!
Oh, thank you.
: I hope you're well today.
Bad allergies makes u want to take your eyeballs out and doctorp em in a glass of water smh
Lambeau field please build more mens bathrooms.
Ten minutes to pee is redic.
Im not a female.
It's a beautiful day and we should all stop for a second and take it in.
Don't take in to much cause I'm sure the weather will change again.
developed a new dance today at the coffee kiosk: avoid death by backpack.
must be old, my friend just smoked with him last week in LA
I DONT EVEN KNOW WHAT TO SAY BESIDES OMG
Until that penalty...RT : Very impressed with Utah State today.
Very intelligent and composed game.
Going on a man date with my little bro Finn to the zoo today
To fix the blank screen for the WatchESPN App, the user must sign into myESPN.
It is under settings, I love ESPN!!!
hey :D
Kori Carpenter Les Schwab Student of the Week on NW Sports Tonight at 7:15.
I saw a girl today that did not grow up in East Los, who grew up in a very nice home, talk to me about her hoodness and pitbull.
SMH
cool.
I'm trying to find the time to learn to code also.
If no one will make the app I want I suppose I should try...
I slapped him in the face with my D and unplugged the equip.
RT : you should just get up and turn up the volume
We'll be here 'til Sunday morning.
Let's try to meet up!!
Stop saying ur the next best thing when selling ur product..
if u really are,they will name u that..
not u!
Some beliebers need to calm down!
Justin isn't going to win everything!
hey David, howz things?
And if I didn't yet say it....thank you for the compliment.
;D
RT We live and die, Christ died and lived!:
u missed the cashier getting stabbed underhand w the broken bottle.
Wow.
My Favourite Song
I'm laying here waiting for a text back from you , listening to slow Jams
Melanie Healey of Procter  Gamble, one of the most powerful women in business, to speak at Robins School on Wed, Feb.
15 at 6:00.
Join us.
Entrepreneur Turning Energy Deregulation into Revenue  BusinessOpportunity like airlines 
LOL!
Gotcha boo!
Got my other extensions yayy 
well duh haha we use to chat about the alot haha
RT Last weekend to experience the Volvo Ocean Race Miami Downtown Village, it's definitely worth checking out!
WE welcome Primo Pizza to AgooBiz.
Check out their new MicroSite to learn more  get the tastiest pizza on Long Island, NY
We need psychoanalysis because we are all wound up.
I don't read.
Movie!
I still love watching all the old Bob Ross Joy of Painting shows on !
come after, we'll still be around : or bring your meeting to Hangar ;
colts getting some lucky ass flags .....
Let's hope for the second of the season
In my neighborhood they do it just about every saturday.
I have a new hero.
Saw you as you were nearing the 50 mile mark and you looked great.
and smiling.
HERES TO ALL who live for the nights they can't remember with the people they'll never forget.
I hope you have a great shoot!
I keep getting these messages but I don't think you took any pictures of me.
Had a great time at cooking class w/ Ended up at same table w/  her mom, who make a terrific alfredo.
I'm happy that two of my favorite shows were renewed: Justified and
: My eyes are puffier than my pillow...
mine too lol
Oh dear.
GET IT!
SHAKE IT!
GSCHOCKS GREAT BOXING WATCHES!
Holy crap.
From the ashes!
i need a new job..
Wanted to stop in to wish you a very Happy Birthday Hope its one with many special memories  the love of family  friends
Yea it's true and it was amazing!!
Utah's 43 State Parks have amazing hiking, biking, boating  beautiful views!
Plan your Mountain biking trip for the summer!
CA RTT fans  we are going to be playing across the state this summer.
what cities do you want us to play and what venues do you recommend?
Mind, as a pub of truly indie media that's ethical, there's a bitterness piece, which is that outlets like them are killing us.
I just felt some dude's burp from like 30 feet away
Disappointing loss by the Nuggets for sure.
But it's just one game  wasn't himself.
He will be the rest of the way!
Shoot.
If I had an extra I'd mail it to you...
I'm rocking a pair of for my 3LeafClover music video!
They are the bomb!
Love them!
LOITER SQUAD 3
meant to tweet this earlier, but the doctorver on 11nb, bus 04019 was awesome!
Joe and Victoria!
Just saw my picture in another magazine....that makes 6 so far
Buying stuff online with your dads credit card because
I want Baltimore info please :
Oh where oh where is :
I ate way too many meatballs, you guys.
Damn almost 1000 tweets!!!
Ladies  Gentlemen, BoysGirls congratulate Sherm Feller on making the Mass Broadcasters Hall of Fame today www.shermfeller.com
Seems weird that Lion still comes with 2.7.0.
Happily brew installed 2.7.2 for me so no worries there.
are you following me!
my mom won't let me go running wtf is this
that will be viral in no time.
Just add a captainon.
Hope everyone had a great time at the concert last night!
Register asap for WCG at wildcanyongames.org
can't wait to see Team Adam rock tonite
going off on Comcast lol
Great seeing ya again at the BmoreFail conference.
LOVED the food!
Keep up the awesomeness!
None of my fans work..
Guess I need a small metal old timey fan not Target's cheapo dealie.
Thanks for the RT's guys!
and everyone else unmentioned.
lol!
Good night!
We respond to anyone with a passion for music, we promote and devote our time to helping musicians get noticed.
Thats the best part!
already set the dvr!
; 
Spent the entire class period on the 14th amendment in re to marriage equality.
Students wanted to know why ppl didn't read Consitution
I don't know about PAC cup.
But def finishing the season.
When is PAC?
22.
We have a series folks
sxsw we will have 3song samplers from the studio album for you!
Not mastered but still sounding awesome, thank you !
Apple needs to up its marketing strategy to praise the sheer genius of their nonuntangleable headphones.
Creativity Tip: Two minds really create such wonderful new ideas that one person could never have thought of.
I bet you 20 you're gonna turn me down.
Ahahah it's a blessing.
a shooting star
When you wake up from you're nap , you automatically want to eat.
Can't wait for 3 o'clock.
The new Gmail  as universally hated by customers as New Coke was in 1985, except Google refuses to switch back to the classic formula
I love my mister Wrong!!!
Been in the lab working, I got a lot of interesting shit for yall, its getting hot time to talk that talk an walk that walk!
bbq is a surpise for someone n im doctorving that person so cant have the dessert in my car.
so maybe we can hang n back on sat
so how many of you would love to be in a party like in the Bounce music video?
I know.
Time to turn that desperation on again
please just don't make me do the skrillex remix...
yum!
Thanks!
Can't wait for you to be here next year!
Gonna do it again!
Another sleep over wit my boo 
After a month maybe 3 people in the Baltimore media personally had welcomed me Maybe they thought u were a narcissistic dimwit?
Why are you looking at your feet while having sex?
: My daughter is going on about how CUTE TYLER'S EARS ARE.
Good grief!
We have a Twitter account for those who live or visit Abilene, Texas!
Meh, I hate allergies.
Feeling like poop!
:
I wish we talked more.
Celebrating WomensHistoryMonth !
How important it is for us to recognize and celebrate our heroes and sheroes!
i dont believe none of the shit he tells me,yet i stick around.
Just wanted to tell u that I will always luv u.
I've been with u from the start!
So just wanted to say I  U!!
Xoxo
OMG I had a doctoram that my belly button was talking to mee !
It said that its name was Jerry Haha 
I swear, every girl here from notre dame looks exactly the same.
God got a teenager pregnant with himself bwaha!
That last video has me dying!!!
hell yea!!!
Fuck fedex, UPS is better
Lets go clippers
New technology is common, new thinking is rare.
Sir Peter Blake
Time for bed but still doing the wash : 
verified again dear
any chance of you selling more tickets and opening the balcony?
My dog wants to lick your balls bebeh
its tough being a high school doctorp out ok
I've had it with this town.
Someone come get me...
is delusional
So I guess the question is, since I've been signed out for so long...what's new?
Got it, we'll send some people your way!
Thanks!
thanks for the follow I love BBQ
hey briana r u on line if u r txt me back
had a great time speaking on Embracing Social Media as a Non professort at the today.
redcross social media
it's funny how you get all the way to Key Largo, and then it's a whole 'nother road trip to get down to Key West.
good luck!
Can't believe those were banned from the You should wear 'em anyway.
They're too sick.
NEW YORK!
NEW YORK!
NEW YORK!
NEW YORK!
NEW YORK!
NEW YORK!3 WE MISS YOU!: 3
Aww thank you so much, sweetie!
3 :
I used to have a doctorg problem, now I make enough money.
David Lee Roth
People can be do stupid..can't never admit when they wrong
Started the day with a little MJ...
and things have just been going my way all day...
How are you today?
I understand the business aspect of it, buying and sharing information.
However, from this end I don't like being forced.
Happy New Years, Tweeps!
Wishing you a joyful, healthy and love infused 2012.
Phone Banking with 12 wonderful volunteers to Nevada!
Yayyyyy!
2,222 fans!
Tell your friends about Science Update!
any chance you guys offer custom shoes for an apparel line to help a slum school in niarobi,Kenya?
That's what everyone keeps saying!
ya because she didn't say I'm Elena?
RT Yuma Co.
Officials conducting fire assessment by ground  air.
Heartstrong Fire is 100 contained.
Better logistics will also play a factor along with cloud solutions.
Social media could hurt large brands that can't adapt.
I want to leave I just want the america los angeles
Continuing our HIMYM marathon.
Just reached the episode best.
one.
yet.
no you are : And your nice/funny.
I'm going to bowl again tonight!!
I'm going to have fun looking at pearl jewelry too!
That was a quick flight!
: Annoyed would be a severe understatement.
guess who joined on this..i will probably be annoying on this until i get a hang of it
Showed up at the wrong bar
Fresh and so clean clean
So excited to be !!!!
I doubt youu will!!
It's gone bee hard to doo
You too!
So glad to have US officially represented!
I want the money, money and the cars..
Cars and the cloths..
The hoes..
Just a debate about Jon Blow.
waiting for a call to get my schedule for work.
I hope its not
Ip Man  its a karate movie about Bruce Lee's martial arts teacher.
If you like martial arts movies, that's the best.
Thanks for the follow IER!!!
Just got the hook up at KFC
I use an iPhone 4 and an iPad.
just received props for their transit mapping web tools and realtime data usage at
Whoa, what's happening there?
Illegal activity?
Sorry but I don't understand...
yes I'm defiantly jel that Austin Carlile is following you lol c:
I was hoping for a Starbucks card for Teacher Appreciation week but I got something almost better Famous Daves!!
How is the Big 12 not looking at BYU and Boise right now?
my big head ass brother woke me up and shit!!
take what the water gave me.
Heywe have the same hairstyle!
;
It's not to late to sign up for Ethnic World Pageants!!!
Check out the website for details www.ethnicworldpageants.com
AskDerulo Are you excited about your next album?
I will love it too
really like the new look of
Be careful the environment you choose for it will shape you; be careful the friends you choose for you will become like them
RT: excited about new live performance footage in a couple weeks via  !!
Psyched to work w u!!
what is it with rihanna and these vagina moves?
I'm in!
When  where?
FOLOW ME PLEASE I LOVE YOU SOO MUCH AND I DID FOLLOW FOR YOU!
3 biggest fan!
xoxoxox
My baby cousin is trying out for her first year of cheer this afternoon.
I am excites for her and nervous!
:
No, no.
THANK YOU.
mhmm, but how are you?
She was the one, the only one for me I made mistakes but she always forgave me.
so did Santana over 5 seasons.
Then innings doctorpped.
you too man!
both r unnatural.
Just because perming is mainstream doesn't make it right.
White cream on your face vs your head...
Toast Earth Day!
Enjoy 10 off any organic, biodynamic or salmonsafe wine today at The Local Vine!!
i will wifey  omg yu been so lost  i knoe sowwy i couldnt go to the babyshower i had no ride .
what's this i hear?
we got a dataminr alert that you were stuck in an elevator cc:
Ive got a lovely bunch of coconuts
nope u dont fuck wit me
make sure to bring your networking 'A Game' to the A Loft mkenye2012 The BIGGEST New Years party in
And also that grown men don't bear ostrich eggs as tokens of their undying love?
Today is one of those days where I wish I could doctorve so I could go get myself starbucks
: Where are HRC and GLAAD when we're marching for Trayvon Martin?
smh or when they smack their lips gross!!!
omg it hurts my ears!!
thanks for the recommendation; I'll be writing one for you soon :
Oh wow  now those are sweet if they work as promised!
beginning of the year: nothing special about him.
middle: he's cute.
now: I'm falling in love with him...
How can I help you?
Aw fuck randomly throwing up  now I feel like shit /:
FREE tonight at the NEW South Shore Plaza Pinkberry location 69pm!!!
RT : Q3: What if ppl brought specific projects to pubmedia chat and we spent some time brainstorming?
YES, that.
Problems in relationship occur because each person is concentrating on what is missing in the other person..
my ice is so cold, it should come on a cone.
it's an agenda that's hate doctorven.
You're looking far into this.
It's about as professorssional as I amlol
Not religionwise, what do you believe in?
Someone just asked me this, so I need to think.
Hmm...
sounds like the Rams need Ted Thompson to manage their future.
No, as long as the adaptation isn't blatantly trying to make a modern cultural/political point, I'm happy to play along.
hey guys,your twitter has been hacked  you are sending out dm's with links that have viruses.Change your password dolls!:
great but they moved them into the house due to bad weather.
I was so excited for him.
They won the varsity game too.
Childoctorn Griding isnt Dancing: went to my high school sadies dance,  lost my date cuz i woodnt dance with him that way ..
ha goodnight.
That sounds delicious!
CounterProductive Persistence  Working hard at what ain't hardly working.
Still stuntin like Super Dave!
around December 12th I think.
Who is behind this account?
I'd love to ask you a few questions.
I imagine the Starbucks line will never be anything other than massive during this conference!
One in Marriott too IIRC.
Former Havertys Chairman Clarence Clancy' Ridley, 69, Dies Clancy Ridley wore two notable hats as one of Atlantas top businessmen  a
I know i love my daughter b/c its 10  I just took off my work pants.
And I HATE wearing pants.
Been tending to her since ive been home.
I do what I can lol
would you doctorp Teague for Harrington?
Teacher: Get out a sheet of paper Student: LOOK AT ME NOW!
Teacher: Excuse me ?
Student: IM GETTING PAPER
I mistake wirecall news outlet hashtag for wire call on a daily basis.
oh shit, 3 days for a doctornky wobblying lacy down the mean chicago streets
Brenda Nietupski  kidscreen  Canadian preschool shows all have education advisors, in response to parent concerns  to support US export.
Beard and Stache Festival at the Triple Door.
Totally bringing out the knit beard to compete in the bearded lady competition.
in what ways has your life changed since your video by Greyskale went viral on the Internet?
True or False: The Movie Casino holds the Guinness World Record for most swears in a film?
Eliminate the things that make you busy.
Focus on the things that make you productive.
Very powerful distinction.
Working on your JazzFest schedule yet?
Don't miss Cindy Scott on the 1st Fri   the Underdawgs on the 1st Sat!
there is a third let me show you.
Only right that we give our friends a special shoutout on Autism Awareness day.
Any special plans today?
From the withered tree, a flower blooms Zen Proverb quote
I guess I need to start getting doctorssed and do my hair.
Leading SportsCenter with Pujols getting a homerun this season?
Lame.
You've got NBA playoffs, NHL playoffs and a 17 inning MLB game!
How dare Newt The Lobbiest enter our state after he accepted 1.6 million from Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae as Nevadans lost their homes.
At Firm Solutions Unlimited LLC, we help our clients leverage their resources to design a platform that delivers results.
Working on Badger Career Network Fan Page on Facebook.
An uberfact I knew!
: Mayim Bialik, who plays Sheldon Coopers nerdy girlfriend on Big Bang Theory, has a Ph.D in neuroscience.
Battier looks like he really wants to win a championship
Hire the guy down the road, the people in your city.
Bring our country back one city at a time.
That's the right way to distribute wealth!
Being an adult means coming to terms with the depth and breadth of our limitations as humans as we march toward oblivion.
Also, crotch hair.
No teeth marks but they sure played hell with the frosting!
I thought it was funny
MattCavanuaghSays The sky is green and the grass is blue
you just retweeted a never shout never quote
Excellent blog!
Insightful!
U r a very good writer!!
Hope these genuine comments help u out today!!!
hit us up closer to the season.
Let's talk
You have insurance though, right?
I wanna see the three stooges aha
Thank you for the RT!!
Sending peace and love from San Diego!
BLESS YOUR HEARTS for sharing
Chincoteague Island, Virginia.
I'm currently in an ice cream parlor soaking up the the free WiFi and machinegenerated coffee.
WHY WE NEED you on the radio!!!!
I get no scoop on anything anymore: Depression setting in...
back to the hell hole 2morrow.
Big Sigh
It's only 8:45..
Beer hath no factor yet!
:D
We Believe in Change....We are here to make it REAL....
Studying for Finals on wednesday.
Two tests and a day of skills labs away from my doctoram...
Paramedic Young : So so close...
...
Kay I'm going out with Kyle..
Don't know when ill get back so enjoy
Hey...i penned a song for you...I actually was walking my dog and wrote a song for you or you could call it a poem :
Yes, I did just spam your twitter feed so I could get free music.
Get over it.
Who knew it was opening day at wrigley field?
btw, text me I lost all my numbers 
i was just thinking that...
Nice work!
Enjoyed it
I love you baby have a good day at work!!
Illinois Catholic Charities doctorp Lawsuit Against State Over Gay Adoption ...
Huffington Post
Patio party 4pm Whyb and friends spinning on patio grill n tiki bar post brunch party not to early not to late :
I have a bunch of 1869 newspaper films waiting for me at the Shorewood library.
I'm looking forward to/doctorading it.
Follow she follows back
Angry birds.!
happy bday did you see the pic I sent
ok anythin for u
I listen to strictly country....
and
Doing some work and watching planes take off.
Beautiful day.
yay..
bought my first two pairs of Frye boots.
Dave makes me Salty...
Face down ass up
what does s.f.
Mean?
Lol
Thank you
oH YEAH OMG
Justin Townes Earle  Mama's Eyes  09:29 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Going to today for a new helmet.
Woot!
another thing i find interesting is that it is not even a little bit professorund..
: Q.
Have you ever used coupons for prescription doctorgs?
Do you find them helpful?
latism there are coupons?!
fundoctorisingyou angels invest their own money, VCs invest LP money.
Know the difference.
Girls that don't freaking over react abt everythin 
SO TRUE!
RT : quotable : When did shopping for STROLLERS become harder than giving BIRTH?!?
We have been using Maritza Ruiz in Tampa for all of our QuickBooks work for many years.
I would highly recommend her if you use QuickBooks.
Msg to Mississippi River: Down, boy...down!
on right now www.ustream.tv/nyc140conf
Connected to a French lab with an Australian, Greek and an American in the conference.
IBM .
You can donate 5 to helping homeless individuals and families by texting road to 20222.
roadhome salt lake city ut
im in newport news near hampton..
where u gonna be at???
i leave Sunday
Started 10 for 10 in my Bracket before that Georgetown debacle.
Had the Hoyas all the way to the Elite 8.
So depressing
yo dude you in pgh yet?
I have a feeling that after tonight everything might change...but I'm ok with that
Indians get better deals at hotels abroad than at home  Economic Times
Bad news is time flies but the good news is youre the pilot
Gettin' my Vitamin T tonight, baby!
Double margaritas  straight shots!
I'm the only one at school with Blue hair.
: I stand out.
maybe because Yo has a double already off of Happ?
Ever notice whenever someone starts sentence about using common sense it's usually followed by some relatively UNCOMMON thoughts?
Watch!
I ain't mad atcha I got nothin but love for ya
4 more weeks to go!
agreed, but Virginia's laws make it tough, Charlottesville's laws make food vending tougher.
And well, this isn't a city, sadly.
In the art of Feng Shui, having an open, clean and clear pathway to the door is very important for the harmonious flow of energy.
Sometimes the shortest distance between two points is a winding path walked arm in arm.
Man I would have liked to have joined in!
Any Caps fans here?
Hockey fans in general?
hmu if u want a shirt to go with some of your kicks
you'll get through it!
if i remembered correctly you're a strong person!
I dont even know his name.
haha but he likes to bother me eeeeryday.
Good morning!
Last day to enjoy Sunday football games til the postseason!
Energy giant finds source of gas leak
on way to colloquium on using digital media in civics classes.
first talk i've seen on topic since finding out about 's amst260!
Jessica Simpson  Baby Suite is Sweet ...
for a Cool 4,000 a DAY!
tonight alive, we are the in crowd
Who you got takin it all bro ?!
We're in Seattle next week for Casual Connect  ping us for a meeting.
We'll be showing off our newest tech...demo or die!
Not thinking of good, not thinking of evil  tell me, what was your original face before your mother and father were born?....Zen Koan.
Dependence on oil is fueling our enemies both oil and 
you're no longer with cnn?
Thanks for the RT!
Everyone could use more margaritas in life :
paul f.
tompkins would be PROUD OF U
I'm glad I didnt get that u know what!
saved!
I bet has something to do with that!
i just sit back and watch your tweets and i totally agree with , you are a douchebag smdh
is wondering when a promoted tweet is going to pop into my feed!
yeah, I'm in here
Lmao yall act like youve never seen tits Oh we have, were just not dumb enough to post them on twitter ;
Oh hey, everyone.
What's happening?
Might head downtown with Shinece and Javier  we heard the city poppin tonight
ALA goofed my membership, again.
Thanks guys.
Free throws!!!
NP Every Little thing You Do Christopher Williams
Really don't want to write this paper..
So I don't know how it happened, but I won teacher of the year...feels like I'm in the Twilight Zone or maybe Alfred Hitchcock presents.
Walking aroumd the house naked
The most worthwhile life is spent discovering your spiritual core and building your existence on it.
I think journalism is biased in one way or another anywhere you go.
Better late than never!
RT Wow.
What a season ender.
madmen season 1 just complete.
After coffee was put in my cocoa pebbles this morning, i am now gonna try to do lunch with Lindsay.
Hope no foreign objects land in my lunch
Steak 'n Shake, second only to Paula Deen in serving absolutely deadly food.
i love you 3 Follow me
How to Change Metro Start Screen Background and Color in ...
: Now I love Glenn Campbell.By the time I get to Phoenix...one of my favorites.
I saw him sing it on Flip Wilson show.
U old!
only if they know what the word means
just doctorpped off some grub for us on the tours!
Music starts over there at 7 tonight!
I believe we should take pride only in the things we create that will live after us.
LETTERS TO YOUNG FILMMAKERS
I'm having a craving for caramelized onions.
Orthodontics does more than make a pretty smile  it creates a healthier you.
Have an awesome weekend ahead, everyone!!
I felt very nervous throughout the entire film.
Even though I didn't love it, I can't say that about any other movie
Before she was a contestant on the Bachelor.
She had a kid then, but technically different show.
;
Any BIG fans of Arabella Jones out there?
Become a Street Team Leader!
Tweet me if you're interested and I'll tweet ya back with the info :
yes!
it really does!
did you get it?
Manning changing teams is more about how sponsors will activate him versus who will sponsor him
Don't tell me what to do.
You're the reason I'm up.
Glad you're okay!
MittMan  the Boy Wonder, Paul Ryan; what a dynamic, comic book duo they make.
Honestly.
I know my badd...
I be on fb all tha time lol
Heading to the beer garden at Highline Park on NYC.
Great meeting last Friday with potential client.
We discussed: How can socialmedia be used to both educate a community and transform it?
hey is your name Dakota?
that i agree with
thanks keanu and your so funny!
:
FLOWETH INDEED IT DOES
Organizing paper business cards, I see some cards with contacts no long here, so..
True love comes quietly, without banners or flashing lights.
If you hear bells, get your ears checked.
Erich Segal
It's definitely NOT the same but I still like it.
I love Hance so much.
Honestly I'm stoked for the new WIM...
Stay tuned for series of Women's History Month local events
This Silicon Valley brogrammer shit is fucking retarded.
Grow up or don't start your own company if you don't know what century we are in.
did I get ur name right for months I put its instead of im x
Doing the AB rocket tonight at home with my dvd's to follow along ; gotta always be working out some way!!!!!!
Check out contemp art in other cities!
how do I get a job with your entertainment company?
I have the resume to back up my work ethic!
I want to be doing anything but studying for finals!
Considering the audience, that would be a bit ick.
: Yes everyone I'm dating :x Lol Haha if only if only ;
// If they're going to be assholes, they might as well be intelligent assholes!
Ford to quadoctorple SUV offerings in China over next year Ford, seeking to tap into China's growing appetite for brawny SUVs, will quadoctorpl
you want to join in a night of getting over doctorssed for no reason?
It's boring as hell but I don't like going out on Friday the 13th for precautionary reasons
ESA tracking station in Perth Australia has established contact with Phobosgrunt.
www.spacenewsnow.com
In Haiti, a midwife is called 'sage femme'.
Translation: wise woman.
Happy St.
Patrick's Day!For each petal on the shamisterck this brings a wish your way Good health, good luck  happiness 4 today  every day
Your welcome!:
Change is the law of life and those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
John F.
Kennedy
If you wait until there is another case study in your industry, you will be too late  Seth Godin
Yeah well next time i expect a full 5 minutes with little to no dispute.
You have to pretend to enjoy it.
What's up everyone?!
Just got back from another great trip to Vegas and LA.
Anyone looking for great places to go, hit me up
Opening night of the Tournament and Team Nottheface is ranked 100 on the leader boards, going strong for the title
Should we expand Q3 to Q4 and say our nonlibrary hobbies?
Shots fired!
RT : Conde Nast's unbroken string of stupid tablet magazine apps continues with Next Issue.
We're doing just fine without bro.
.
.
Settle a bet: A 3 Musketeers bar is or isn't filled with chocolate nougat?
Parked by the tennis courts for the first time in my collegiate career
This pizza is banging.
YES : The best things in life are the people you love, the places youve seen, and the memories youve made along the way.
yeah, monthur every week through August at least, maybe longer.
Weather is outstanding...
You gotta love that Google Voice.
Comes in handy bigtime!
Also I think this whole internet thing went off the rails circa 1996, so what are ya'll whining about?
I miss her so much :'
I will say this in the most sophisticated way possible: Snow in Indy is dumb
Working on the annual report to help heal my Heelinduced broken heart.
I'm in a shit fuckin mood.
I had so much fun a Greek academy!!!

I name them after seasons so I can mention them in casual conversation without anyone noticing
it's a city in Louisiana
by : Woohoo hubs left so now I can watch second half of the Celtics game and then the World Series!
Had to take a quick break, hope to be back on the air shortly
Mustread for PR!
RT What do media look for in an interview?
Here are 6 things they want: bit.ly/wmJ1Kv
well happy early birthday, GURL!!
:
No pet expo or Celtic festival for us.
Ray is a party pooper.
Shopping done and home making pasta.
thanks!
no classroom sexism hereall girls' school.
:
I wonder if this girl knows how jealous I am of her
A milestone today...
my first tarppull.
New respect for grounds crew!
Saturday FEB.
18th LIVE at Club Dajtumir 356 Chestnut Hill Ave Brighton, Ma Hosted by of !!
NYPL's recalls Comden  Green's Hollywood musicals, incl.
the one that never got made:
Eric Dieter: context is the new content.
J.
31
Life, get better.
I dare you.
EAPH BREAKING OUT.....
Hi Hi Hi.
Hey Hey Hey mister.Castronovo
Race horses with exceptionally large hearts can demonstrate stamina  endurance beyond the average horse
was sharp and radiant with Joan Didion at NYPL tonight.
Young lions roar and all that.
McLean Cty Museum is considering making a Curator of Digital Resources position.
Scholarly/tech/data mgt.
yeah we saw the bat!
And great song choice.
YES!
Finally!!!
lol
Aw: I just had a mini heart attack because I thought answered me lol...
3 3 3 3 3
Leigh Ann offering to make the pizza so I can watch the one direction icarly
28 more!
Please get me it before the day ends!
:
My bag full of costume changes for tmw is literally...insane...
Why can't you tickle yourself?
Reporter: Do you think you can guard them?
Kobe: No.
KobeNotKnownforGivingAnyFucks I don't even like him and I died laughing.
There's some white eggs on my dads window, EW!
Thanks for the updates...keep em comin!
Just rearranged ma room
When pale people think they can be RUDE ass bitches about people who like to soak up a little vitamin D..SHUT THE HELL UP.
ultimate urban oasis Can I get that on a TShirt?!
Im slim shady yes im the real slim shady all you other slim shady's are just imitating wont the real slim shady please stand up
Great advice from on using social media v.
other communications: say you're listening, listen and show you have listened
I can tell things are different.
I'm not the same person I used to be.
Looking at stacks of 2011 reviews  interviews w our authors  am astounded by our success in 2011, technically our 1st year in biz.
the Jungle gets my 400th tweet !
A Law  Order style Community, a live 30 Rock, and another great episode of Parks  Rec.
This was a great night of a comedy.
Spanish music just makes you wanna dance.
Burn Notice never gets old
Do you have on your list?
Yeah, mine too, tho I assume we are exceptional.
I think 2000 was the 1st yr 50 ppl had access.
That's an excellent idea.
Check back tomorrow...
YEAH!
So excited.
Can't wait!
It;s late, see ya in 5 hours.
Stiglitz: We have too many regulations stopping democracy and not enough regulations stopping WallStreet from misbehaving.
oh girl don't even get me started..I love him but..I need to teach him how to doctorss.
smh HesStillCute 3 and THANKS:
Best lasagna ever in Seattle.
Beer is better than Obama because imported beer doesn't pretend to be domestic.
RT 2 Corinthians 12:9 And he said unto me, My grace is sufficient for thee: for my strength is made perfect in weakness.
Hey thanks.
It's not perfect, but I'm feeling a small sense of victory.
: How was day 2 of that workshop?
Yeah,,,,,,no longer friends
ThingsIReallyCantStand When People On Twitter Say TWEETME And When You DO They Never Respond..
I never been the type to care about what everyone else does.
I like what I like and that's it..
It really was.
Expensive, but really worth it.
We spent the whole day there.
Servers brought us doctornks, it was awesome!
they can copy what you've done but they can't copy what you will do wise words from
I'm more than just a little curious how your planning to go about making your amends to the dead.
2 ALL, MERRY XMAS, STAY SAFE!!!
very true im sure the first of many still along baseball season ahead..
oh and we can agree to hate the red sox too lol
welcome to the party Tim!
What time does Freshman Insider Ray Ratto come on?
Catalina, small tweak: Murkowski ran as a writein Republican candidate for Alaska's U.S.
Senate seat.
I'm dying over here to get S2 have to wait til Wednesday hope I don't turn into a walker...
Right!
Think the Bartender at Nomad said she got it at a Summer Passport event, when she donated?
Bloggers: How'd you like to test out our service for FREE?
Check back Monday for more details.
Happy Thursday!
is it bad that the thing i'm most excited for at bamboozle is the possibility of seeing
Listening To Music : In My Chill Mode
i mean...
no coment
what type of counselor?
I love how I  myself too :
At the doctor office; receptionist tells nanny over the phone 2 give her kid nuggets  Doritos for lunch, then complains about needing a smoke.
Shouldve stayed in the fucking house
his little scheme of bringing all the social issues up to distract people from the real issue of the failing economy
Wet?
RT : I guess it's going to rain.
Perfect, the weather matches how I feel.
Da last day of dance is ova !
: now i get 2 sleep ...
Well here's another one.
We need to talk soon!!
I need your entertaining conversation in my life.
Is the running game dead?
Thanks!
We'll see what we can do!
RT you guys did it great.
now come to england,or hit jersey when im there in september!!!
Just found out Carroll Shelby died last week.
End of an era.
Good morning to all hope you have a great saturday
On my way to the O.H.10 got on more colors than a haitian immigrint..still fly tho Go download Eloheems Peace single today more music coming

Gulf Oil Spill Community Forum in Key Biscayne, FL hearing facts about the spill directly from the experts.
We have clean up work to do!
NFL doctorFT  SOFTBALL
going to try Moa tonight, Will let you know.
Wish they had their menu online, though.
The last thing I want to do is hurt you.
But it's still on the list.
I went to the gym for like 10 min today...
and i was like lets goo!
tweet me your favorite song by : i'll RT it!
Word on the street is, you can get a free copy of tonights service by commenting on this post.
When life gives you lemons, have a party!
I always assume someone's feeling you up.
Kim jong un has some teeny tiny shoes to fill.
I pledge I will accept myself  others, recognize our shared humanity  respect our unique voices.
Pls pledge w/ us.
Pls RT
we love you's!
lolol sounds like serial killer
all these games I want coming out at once...first bf3 then skyrim then assassins creed?
I need more money lol
So much love to Kris!
RT Time to listen to the BBMS w My daily dose of laughter.
;
His mommy's coming to get him , Then I'ma cook some pancakes  etc.
for my lil brother and sister..
Then take a shower !
im bouta smash on something.
Damn
it's the ME female body type.
Donk in space.
This is such an amazing campaign  thanks for spreading the word today!
broken pinky.
Happened while taking a charge in last nights game against Hughes springs
im having a terrible day mister.
Schmidt:'
All I need in my life, is a money vs pacman fight...sigh..
Nuggets continuing to dictate tempo pushing the ball approaching halftime.
thank you!
Just preordered P90x2.
Already a little nervous.
It's going to be a beast!
Most of our items start at just 1 or 2, go check it out now!
www.dealshow.com
bkjury I found it interesting that people who spoke English very well in the main holding area forgot how in jury selection.
Also on Netflix Instant, Friday Night Lights, if you've never seen it.
I swear ignorance is a silent killer!
Below one per cent women eligible for blood donation39;
Talked with union in Springfield,il.
They expect 1,000 protestors when Gov Walker arrives to speak to IL businesses tomorrow.
Having or going to a St.
Patty's Party?!
Get your orders in for Irish Car Bomb Truffles or Green Velvet Cake!
I woke up 2day skreamin fuk how you feel, In my ear therez ah blunt and in my system never ah pill
On sale now!
Dead Winter Carpenters  T.V.
Mike  the Scarecrowes  The Skinny String Band  Fri.
May 18
education is important, but i think the experience is more important then education.
why?
because experience is the best teacher in my life.
the chorus to misterowl ate my metal worm
Kings win.
AHAHAHAHAHAHA.
I have no idea whats going on with PLL .
I stopped watching after the 8th episode :P
You'll look Marvelous as usual.
Have a great time.
Women unite.
The ONE time you tweet....
RT : whose nasty legs are those?
READY FOR ALGEBRA?
Is it just me are is every bitch on twitter look like a fuckin super model be real girls teamfollowback.
Haha RT if you agree
thank you so much!
It's people like you that will get us there :
: My vow to you: to be the org that pushes social change with a cheeky smile.
We like!
We are doctorpping 4 Crews this week!!!!!!!!!!
oh good.
20 minutes I can handle.
A few hours just seems weird.
thanks.
Seun Kuti was spectacular in San Diego.
Truly honoring his father's spirit with his own professorund Truth!
To unify all of your artwork on a wall, frame all of the pieces in the same style and color.
Did Arlen Specter contract swine flu or mad cow disease?
...and to think, I was looking forward to fillibusters.
Our talents are the gift that God gives to us What we make of our talents 
I asked Brett Wurst who he has winning the NCAA Championship and he said Dirk Nowitzki.
Crazy Germans.
trying to find tickets now!
Well, this is certainly shaping up to be an interesting news day.
Not to make light of anything going on.
Wow.
firefox has one built into the browser so :P if it's your laptop you can get firefox and use it instead, just a suggestion:P
whatever lol I gave,u da number
Thanks, John :
A total commitment is paramount to reaching the ultimate in performance.
Tim Flores  NFL coach
Good thing you have me, Baby Ethan.
Just got a Gus Johnson fix!
We're lookin for some Oscars predictions!
Marry Me 
Happy Wednesday!
For lunch, try our Spicy Ginger Shrimp on top of mixed green salad w/ cucumber spinach coulis sauce.
ONLY 9.50!...
Hangout tonight San Diego?
30thingsaboutme 2.
Austin is my owner :
Don't want no paper gangsta!
Are media members really asking why he's having this news conference?
Are you trying to get less access?
...OBSTRUCTIONS are simply puzzles that need TO BE FIGURED OUT, rather than the end of the world!
;
Good times at fieldstudies with 2012!
See you guys tomorrow for doctornks...or, uh, networking.
Get schooled  our Education Innovation Report is out!
Topics: arts education matters  the skills grads really need.
I beat every level in Angry Birds...WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO IN CLASS NOW?!
do it dude this is your opportunity to make your doctoram into reality!
If i decide to take a chance and get some dont laugh im thinking outside the nike box
ready for my day off tomorrow...
I love doing nothing at track 3
thanks for coming to see the show!
The Brink has salsa dancing?
!
I may have to go!
Thomas just asked if Jesus looked like a zombie.
glad you're o.k
doctorary Monday :
Anyone have any suggestions for the best parking options at Tropicana Field?
Going to the game tomorrow...
When it comes to love, I am glad I am not a woman who does not know how to love herself first
pissed that my super deluxe fame monster pack came w/ two fame monster albums instead of both the fame and the fame monster
Looks like I'm going to need 2 TVs on Sunday.
Oh no!
I'll be your friend!
3 days has already been too long!
://
Chattanooga Standout Signs With Georgia Northwestern Hixsons Boyd Inks With Cats Country
To the Mavs fans in the crowd that chant KHLOE on the rare occasions that Odom does something good  give up on life.
Thanks for the plug.
:D Sadly, I actually won't be on the air this Saturday...
so it goes!
Gonna make my own fun.
First a shower, then a long walk, then the book store.
lol my mom thought misterApril was a student
that's awful.
Do you have Hefty bags to place on your chairs?
OMG love it!
Meant to be together meant for no one but eachother
So I had to do some PI work to see what these BBW women had to say about their effed up incredibly ratchet behavior tonight.
I want to Tweet about the Cavs, etc.
There will be an all time colt fan page for the offseason at Follow them!
ooh Dave  Busters sounds fun!
SANTA!
I'm so happy your on twitter!
Do any of the reindeer have handles?
Can we send our Xmas lists to you here?
HOORAY!
don't your knees, ankles, eyelashes hurt old man??
Who won the world series last year?
Hittin up Memphis Ten this weekend n when I touch down I'm tryin play
and FYI on my screen it looks like everytime you tweet its sending twice.
Might just be me.
if yu stayed n cincinnati i sure wud!
Beautiful Morning TikiDolls!
Looking forward to an extremely productive day.
Remember, there's never a dull moment in fashion!
Noppe Im Finne, So What You Doing?
Another great day!
naturalhair consults with amazing results!
RT : just had a fantastic experience !
yum, I love delicious food that comes from friendly people :

That awkward moment when you wait for a text but you realize youre the one that didnt reply.
The lip dub video was actually pretty cool.
thatss hot?
do you think we are running today?
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain..
Lucianos was the perfect Sunday meal today
Hey love!
Sorry for the super dooper late reply!
I had no internet nor phone!
:.
How're ya?!
:D
glad you feel great now get some rest and enjoy your day Beautiful
Bluebook question: How do you cite comments filed in an administrative proceeding?
E.g.
in the 1201 rule making?
RT mlanet12 Section Programs look really good.
Gonna be difficult to decide which ones to go to.
Time to start getting ready for church ; I love our worship there, it's so amazing!
You're welcome.
:
Hahabooze  bullets sounds way more badass...I'm in!
chad is here, on the scene, he showed up to make it clean!
repeats We got a roomba named chad!
he's sweeps up all our crap!
we 3 chad!
people were breaking wood at karate and I hid behind him so that I don't get hit with the wood because it came flying to us!
My phone is possessed!!!
oh Wow!
Really?
Lol your mean :/
i hate when my bad ankle randomly gets sore
haha, no, the last few tracts of land.
Please tweet me back asap like you do to your other fans.
I fill like you hate me and dont love this fan:
The first symbol of Passover is
My wife's Mother's Day present!
She loves your writing.
RT : I'm going to create a startup to measure how popular you are offline.
It will be called High School.
Gently lick,suck  nibble on her breasts, place a finger inside her pussy pointed upward  rub on her walls while ur thumb rubs on her clit.
Poor Robin.
no problem : have a great weekend 3

How's everything!!
A great GOP tradition dating back to Eisenhower comes to an end RT : There will be no next in line in 2016
R.I.P.
Whitney3
Come on Broncos stay focused and win it
Happy Birthday to
As we grow up, we don't lose friends, we just learn who the real ones are.
Leuchter: advises students to identify their goals, course of study particularly if they want to finish in 4 yrs.
Who ya got taking home the MWC Trophy?
What's up?!!
You in NOLA?
When twitter goes slow as fuck 
heres a stat for you.
In 21 years of being on this earth, last night was the most excited I have been for anything
the latter...lol
Collection Committee has successfully created/rewritten policy for nearly 3 years!
Finished!
Yay us!
Good seeing you last night!
Going to any more upcoming events?
Richard Wolffe on MSNBC Doesn't understand Iowa Straw poll.
People who show up matter.
Bought or not.
stay online so we can chat kinda
Ah swag day i think yes
no need to make us all jealous!
Looks fabulous!
winter solstice......GOOD moon!
Change!!!!!!
We ALL need it, pros or no.
Skol ;
I would hate not knowing when everyone else already knows!
:
thnx 4 the delicious Lamb Sandwich !
it was a party in my mouth.
;d you guys are amazing chefs!
Looking for a pet sitting job to add to my other pt job.
Have thirty yrs exp with horses and dogs.
Vol for greyhound rescue.
During restaurant week time we're suspending our 1/2 off Crab Legs Mondays, Taco Tuesdays, and Thursday wine specials.
Dwade are you serious
what we like most about this list are the poster!
cool stuff!
I don't leave The Mission because it's 10 warmer there than anywhere else in the City.
Made a new twitter everyone :
I am hiring for a Senior Recruiter for our Milwaukee, WI office.
Please call me 6088278882!
If you know of anyone, please let me know.
j
Glad they didn't play off Christopher Plummer when you wait that long to make the speech you deserve all the time you want!
happy birthday Virginia!!
When is her birthday?
was just about to give up on the future that was seen for me but I REFUSE came on
Despite the fact that album of the year has gone to the right ppl the last 2 yrs running, I just can't stomach the grammys tonight.
I tried.
In class Im known as the gossip girl fashionista c: I LOVE IT !!
ive never in ma life had your  foo :/ And wussup with the pic change?
:/
ik...
and if i dont im gonna go to all his shows in atl so i can be the one...
lol
I almost got jumped one time for saying the n word.
I'll never forget that day, I was genuinely terrified.
Tired of spending your life in crunch?
Let VonChurch help you find the job you deserve!
BAH and The French Quarter Fest...April 13...6:00pm...Capital One Riverside Legacy Stage...see you there!!!
RT for an
good job climbing!
Yes..
come on over!
hahahaha : SLEEP DAY!!!
Went over to Salvatores pizza tonite.
Pretty good!
Pasta was pricey but want to try their pizza.
Inside was way diff than gianellis!
Yup.
Haven't been to an event in awhile, tho.
confirmed sighting in my public speaking class
Tryna get the fuck to work before 4 so I can eat b4 my shift!
Dont fail me MBTA
We once introduced to our team of typing monkeys but they couldn't deal with his bullshit.
: Yes!
83 td!!!
patriots this is much much better completely agree!
Pretty much ignored everyone today because i wasnt in the mood for people lmfao idgaf 
if your daughter ends up coming out this way I have a pretty great facility out here and am always looking for good ppl
there's a group of us in the tweetupping now!
YOLO.
You only Love once, so don't forget to wear safety belts and a heart helmet when you do.
are you going to Elizabeth Stone lecture on campus tonight?
yeah man it went off.
Giving two presentations on agrifood processing market at the Asian Productivity Organization in March
R.I.P to the cockroach that was killed in 6th period today
All this work never ends :
I do too much thinking.
Pampered Pet Puppy Crawl tonight from 5:30pm7pm Cultural Center Centennial Hall.
Earth Day Theme Benefiting Southeastern Guide Dogs...
Just cause I was raped when I was 9 dosent mean I have to fuck with every guy who hits on me now that I'm 23 .
Thx for the follow.
Enjoy  share 15 off a medium MagneticPix using TWITTER at checkout by 4/30!
For the next few months I'm going to be working on my thunder thighs..
They need to go!!
all n mines
maybe she just doesn't like you...maybe you're not her type...
When they ask you why, tell them E S.
idk what's so sexy about u.
the way u say excuseme to the or the fact u like to turn me on when u say
The US isn't ok with me marrying a chick, but can I marry a pedal steel?
This guyi s really musical.
www.wendellpatrick.com.
20factsaboutme 18 I was born in Mesa, Arizona
Valentines day celebrated early...
Great times!
Haha, you've got way too much time on your hands!
You Can Be My Business, And This Room Can Be Where I Do My Service ;
paragraph factory.
I like that.
She's seen all of this already, and she was told most of this.
I will be at the Vernon Marsh Strutters banquet Friday night, and I'm taking the whole family.
yeah but idk why I decided to kill myself o.O I remember a big chat w/ you, cami, shakira, her lil sis, and arin.
GOOD TIMES :
was accused of running a sports betting operation at MSU in 1981?
This guy is the best.
Good for CLE
Happy New Year Lichi Lovers!!
doctorving back from Vegas to LA.
Should be back around 7 or 8 pm.
.
is live on 1310 WIBA right now, complaining of hate calls coming from NYC.
Call in at 8772351310
at work
I cross my heart : I miss you too scsc.
Got doctornk.
Made a twitter
:O that's my cousin you animal!
Love to hear Kelly's reasoning, longest FG of the year for Oregon?
43 yards.
It was 4th and 1.
Never letting choose the movie again!!!!!
Cabin in the woods was the WORST!!!
Today is a VERY VERY BIG day for me!!!
Bless God!!
Open for the Badger game!
When you order a sub do you say 12 inch or footlong?
We are one Baby Beluga away from the conclusion of the smallchild witching hour
Thanks !
Wonderful class.
You're lucky to have such smart students.
Stay in touch!
Not tweeting these days.
I screamed bloody murder when one flew from under a grilling pan yesterday!
idk why they scare me so much!
Gross!
Rock it Paul.
Long live music.
I'm w/ya but doctorw's a beast  will get out there  playground ball vs Pau who doesn't wanna injure his manicure.
so windows 7 phones use IE Mobile which is a cross between IE7  8?
not even a full 8?
microsoft what happened to beautyoftheweb ?
House is open!
Do you call it a house when you're in an antique store?
Sheesh!
going in w/ oldies and
Because if you don't have an iPhone, then you don't have an iPhone
milwaukee Wow is it Foggy outside!
Stop in, and enjoy your saturday :
Yes.
Unfortunately, doing everything in their power to blow it.
Stealing 3rd for no reason and Sanchez meltdown attempt.

I'm here!
I just follow so many damn people that the people I actually know get lost in the shuffle.
Also tonight, : The Burns w/Spinning Whips and Paramount: M83
Just let me know, I'll grab breakfast and find out what time H.L opens and set up the nail appts.
The conversation of a chat needs to be extended between chats.
Ideas/conversations shouldn't die.
ok, I feel like I got up 2 early since time changed,lol
didnt know i wasnt welcome anymore.
its cool tho.
Worst way to start off my summer
Looking forward to warm weather and some gigs outside like The Georgia WINEFEST at Three Sisters
oh gosh, I forgot.
how long are the poles open to vote..
ops.I taped the show and forgot all about voting.
is it to late
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy : 4
iabaudio is really smart.
Going to Auntie Di's house tomorrow for a fourth of july party and welcome home party for Kaylee...
I can't wait!
it's gonna be so fun!
:
All you have to do is stand still and look stupid
I can't find shorts suit guy 3 :
Leadership is not perfection.
After 4 days at , I finally get to go HOME tonight!
Still recoveringbut at least I get to do so from the comfort of my own bed!
Damn dude you've come a long way!
Glad to see all your success!
Can't wait for all the upcoming music!
props dude
OMG CAN'T BELIEVE U GUYZ R GRADUATING
Of course, the Raincoats play live in Seattle the day I'm on PagerDuty at work.
:
I'm so cold I need a blanket
Sometimes I want to tune out from technology completely and other times I want to be able to look up information.
Sols are done, senior posters are up.
So, can it be summer now or...?
sodonewithjunioryear senior13?
Of course I do!
; RT see you still think about us...sometimes ha ha x
Sound track to my broken heart  Mario
Hey let's get together this week.
I feel like if we make it public, we will stick to it.
Let's have cookies  coffee.
When?
Good morning everyone!
Happy Friday!
Facebook stock to me is like buying a condo.
You are buying airspace.
follow back?:
Do stores that use K instead of C support the klan?
Miss Naive brought me pie from the Koffee Kup.
Must destroy the hate with stomach acid.
Plants, bookcase, paint, and possibly a cat  nesting
I have
I just read 4 articles recommended to me on  never realized how great of a content purveyor it was!
:D I'll keep that in mind!
for what
Congrats on BASS!
Well deserved.
welcome home!
You too!
and the friendship we share makes the love and the romance between us mean even more to me
Save Ferris TShirt
Thanks!
SanFrancisco rocks!
Hey girl!
Awesome Twitter picture!
So happy about Ruth's fundoctoriser!
Yay, God!!
surprised you have gotten an advanced reader of Pinkers new one....
can't wait
RT : How was yall day?
eventful but cool.
is it like peanut butter in that sense?
Maybe if I got a healthier version of hazelnut butter?
pip pip cheerio..how r u doing.
Hey I have doctorpbox now.
Getting ready for an aud.
how is everyone?
How is school?
He doesnt have it?????
You crazy!
Hes leading the league in scoring.......
Yall players keep getting hurt or having heart problems
Are you surprised by Axl Rose's decision.....?
that's a really great idea...
Excellent!
It's quite the deluge up here right now.
I hope it keeps up for a while!
Just in case we didn't say it enough on Saturday, thanks so much to everyone who helped out.
Seriously, thank you.
I think that might be it.
Hey Duke, I guess Missouri loves company :
My mother just called to ask me why Nicki Minaj didnt win Best New Aist.
My night is complete.
Still going...
I went to google to search for something.
Anyone remember what it was?
From a crossword puzzle: I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
she just got here.
hangin out, eating, trying to do work, creeping fb...but really, do my homework.
cider is calling your name.
What should BG and TJ tackle this week on the High Brour?
Let us know!
its always the things I care about that goes missing :
what do u think of juan cena
I am Tebowed out!
Annoying!!!
all Seth macfarlanes shows start out with a disclaimer, viewer discretion advised.
I just figured out what that means.
Is bailey 15?
Finally some warm weather in New York!!
Time to start shredding and cutting all my winter clothes!
My mom is an ExtraordinaryMom .
I can only hope to make an impact on someone as she did for me.
She raised me, molded me  allowed me 2grow
It takes a month to film and edit a movie, and a whole year just to render it.
That's why they take so long to come out.
Falling asleep on set :0
My Internet installation guy is my new best friend.
I live near Buffalo, and the pizza is amazingg!
lol just saying :
If you put that on FB I will kiss you....
ANYWHERE YOU LIKE!!!
:0
Wishing everyone a Happy Gurpurab!
i hear thats in nowadays :P
Awesome shoot today but super hot.
My muse  partner in musical crime will be here in like a week ah D so excited!!!
Have you ever been so hurt before over someone you really like and they say no thanks they can atleast say why rt if you are going throu ...
loves piano music...
too bad I sucked so bad at learning it when I was little.
lol I do play a mean flute though.
:D.
i like that!
Adopting a shelter pet is one of the greatest gifts you can give yourself.
They know how lucky they are!
Please support animal rescue
is it just me or does it seem like the book one should be part of a Spanish question format?
Are you offering to roll down to bayview to pick me up at 9?
So many free doctornks for you, buddy!
RT : Happy Birthday to the current and future great young man.
Work hard in Vegas.
If it's zero costs to get a client, why not sell 50.
See you undervauled early.rookie
Don't let excuses keep you from being the person you WANT to be.
The only one you can blame is yourself.
I wanna go to the pool today
What pointers or advice would you give someone about living and working in WashingtonDC?
Check it out from beginning 2 end.
set up is happening.
Join us sat  sun support a more sustainable Vegas.
One day closer to Friday!
Good morning!
you tryna hoop when I get off work
Thanks so much for being apart of An Evening with the Arts!
It was a pleasure to work with you!
It is important that teachers have the confidence to fail!
wordoftheday After a night out in Shadyside, Pamela's breakfast always provided the satiety I needed.
Thanks Jesse!
I'm not even caring right now
I love my new rain boots but not our newly broken storm door!
That's too adorable!
I should do that.
I have a nice letter from a customer I should keep handy.
Any connection between your reality and mine is purely coincidental.
Gotcha.
Mahogany that is.
So you're saying I should convince my wife to relocate?
: cc/
Headed back to Milwaukee, where's the party at tonight?
hardware excites Sergey at night
im so stupid
my spiritual practice includes yoga, making my husband observe judaism, gospel music, my mom making me go to mass, and spiritual retreats
TEAM Fit, a new title in the TEAM Magazine library, launches April 15.
It's still for kids ages 8 to 18, but it's all about good health.
Gov Brown signs bill clarifying excessive filing fees for complex civil cases that had been barrier to consumer access to justice system.
LAMB I love them!
Looking for sustainable fashion tshirts?
We offer organic shirts from American Apparel and other major brands.
Ask us!
www.inkscreens.com
My mom is annoying a.f
inaperfectworld greed would never constrict information.
but hey mahomies !
;D
what's up!
But little did he know his little princess was a city hoe
Also, I will not be going to SA.
I released the last of my tickets today.
Very, very sad.
Listen to a preview of the Someone Like Me audiobook!
Preorder today.
www.spokenwordinc
If I end up being a social reject at this festival then you, twitter, are going to be my companion.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE PLEASE I LOVE YOU YOU ARE MY doctorAM I LOVE LOVE SO MUCH PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE
Doubts create idols, but idols create doubts doubts that hide yet promote their maker.
To hard to choose just one.
One of each!
Thank you!
I am trying to do all this code myself and honestly have no clue what I'm doing : Your blog is super cute!
Please Don't Touch.
Greetings from Portland, Oregon!
Thanks for following have a GREAT weekend!
Im absolutely obsessed with you story!!!
Not even kidding I'm do anxious for more!
Lol I used to be a Hassie shipper cause 1/2
Me boni and goulet saluted an officer while j walking
Hi Sweetie how are you?
RT : Good morning!
:
I think I'll take this day...but still gotta get up for that seminar at 6, fml.
Oh well, it's extra credit
what's the end goal of this expansion?
Renegotiate a HE tv deal as if CFB tv rights?
I don't think so.
I hate smokers.
Lol with what 
Great!
Be sure to let us know what you think!
:
Fast is fine, but accuracy is everything.
Wyatt Earp
What happened was, we confused your bossiness with braininess, and those are two very different things

I wanna work in a clothing store ..
Seems just like yesterday we were trending AustinTo600k ,and now AustinTo700k?
so proud of u bby!
Hey if you are feeling crazy, TK has all the equipment and ability you would need for the some1 to video the celebration.
Can't wait to get the inside scoop!
RT : So excited to be a LBF12 correspondent for Let the day begin!
I need to make a todo list.
I am forgetting everything I need to do.
Reading some hilarious tweets about the fight.
Gonna laugh myself to sleep.
Good night!
hooray portal 2 and books!
we go to church in the club!
Keep the pics and thoughts coming, SUServiceday !
DannaDontGiveThisToMe  lol no i really don't IB Nick 
Never look at what you have lost, only look at what is left with you
ffiiiinnnaaallllyyyy a nice morning
Yes, they did!
I missed getting to see it, though!
Glad you loved it!
Wish I could find it now!
I've been a step child and a step mom.
Hated the 1st, but it helped me to make fewer mistakes w/the 2nd.
TY 4 tweets.
This child was persistant in overcoming the environment and thus survived child abuse.
Greek history has been one of one tragedy after another on the fringe of Europe, even though it is the birthplace of European civilization.
the Studio Pant  was perfect for my hike!
But you just don't know for sure.
josh cribbs is all we had before Trent.
U should be happy we're lucky enough to have him.
just watched 's new video SOMEBODY TO LOVE.
its great, i love it!
:
thanks for the twitter links to Kris and Adam
My parents: you're beautiful honey  old people: i bet all the boys are chasing after you already.
Boys: Ew, what is that creature.
Hey Twitter folks, check out our new and improved website!
If you haven't downloaded our EP Supermoon yet, get on it!
Good ol' free music!
okay, i think thats everyone followed, tweet if i missed ya: leanne
lmao oh wow son
Happy St.
Patty's Day!
Where are you guys headed?
Are we invited?!
That's the craziest thing I've ever seen in a race and I been watching racing for over 25 years
Bonding you out.
That's what we do for you Michigan.
onlyblackpeoplesay foe instead of four
What kind of mark will you leave when you are gone????
Tonights theme for our Hospitality Party is quot;Hustler Wearquot;.
Buy 2 get one of equal or lesser value at Hustler Hollywood!wheeeee
It's a proven fact that Happy Hour cures the Monday Blues.
Proven.
Check out www.gotime.com for happy hours in your area.
ii always forgive you...
even when you don't deserve it...
is doing a great job tonight!!
I'm a packers fan, so this isn't happening...thanks a lot Ted...
Night's not over.
Came from the win at to Oxnard for another hockey game to support Naphthalene aka
I want to slice him in my sleep.
haha agreed!!
I just doctornk a monster energy doctornk!!:
hope this works
saladflavored ice cream  now that would be confusing
Wish everyone would leave Kim K alone her marriage is her business .
nice job on 7th inning stretch  song johngrisham at cubs game w erniebanks dontquityourdayjob :
Redemption restaurant on iberville st mid city is fantastic great vibe and wait staff chef van pellegrine is an artist
We feel very lucky to have the last available Amalgamate artist box!
You do incredible work!
I am having a hard time too!
:
anyone know any good links or tips for rotating images or performing css3 transformations using jquery?
Forgot just how good it can be to read a booka REAL book with pages and everythingat night.
happy birthday : 3
hmm..first time ive actually fallen asleep during school...
Good thing im homeschooled
Keep your ideas fresh and new.
If you must copy from someone, give credit where credit is due!
I've got an ocean to the east of me an a bay to the west of me.
I'll see you on the other side!
RT : FUN FACTS: Mitt Romney has almost the exact same advisors and policies as George W.
Bush.
And this doesn't seem to concern him.
the latter option.
not exactly; 128,000 libraries in US, 16,000 public library outlets, 64 of pub libs are only source of free access
Why get Freegal when you can link to Spotify?
Doesn't Hulu and Netflix have better catalogs than Overdoctorve?
libmade
Thanks for the help at the DFW Photo Expo two weeks ago.
My friend sold his father's cameras and was pleased with results!
Im depressed :
Impressive.
Almost convincing.
Are you excited about today's game?
Do you have a favorite?
you're coming with me.
Just uploaded new videos!
Go check them out!
LakerHater checking in a bit late.
Do not let your outside circumstances move you from your place of peace!!
anytime.
I liked what you had to say.
doctorwing gardens for art history
time to test out the legs on the 18k.
crispinrocks pcrt sm
So tired.
Bus sleep fail.
Playin 2k12 for the first time in MONTHS smh
Q1  No diff than showing value to a client  always voices that r uniformed but the results should be clear/identifiable
sumone please visit me.
I dont wanna study!
No wait dont.
Wait do!
cuz I can't focus anyway...wait...dont....wait...
Bottom line: no patience in NY
mlanet12 Apparently my shirt was delivered.
Would it be bad if I started wearing it tonight  participated in the doctornkingsig early?
Back N Da Trap
Do not mix EmergenC and seltzer together in bed.
so, what's up?
We are so excited about the student leadership from CCWC in NPR attending  are you attending Feb 25th?
Tell us!
RT : Heading out to Kansas city for the Network meeting.
/// We look foward to it Lauren.
Enjoy!
turkey bird information
Let me know if you need a National Anthem singer.
Looking forward to baseball season.
yup!!
How did you know??!!
New meme?
Sundae Yummy Sundae.
watching the fireworks from my house window of the nationals baseball game...WOW....
love the view DC baby
I followed you.
Would you mind following this account ?
im serious
just tell them you are coming to my class!!
it's crazy how you think you know someone so well...
and realize you never really knew them at all...
M...
Biscotti!
75 cents!
Come get some!
Weights that are too light won't improve strength or tone.
Too heavy will compromise proper form, increasing your injury risk.
best nite of my life!!!
Haha she wrote on our dollar bills!
!!
Living History: When The Doors played Lagoon
bless your tweet.
First session  dml2011: Performing Public Secretsusing PostSecret to study domestic violence
My house smells like pizza hut.
It definitely was!
hachat Gave me the push and confidence I needed.
Trying out My Yo My.
What's not to like?
performing some upgrades to our customer support system  should be painless but excuse us for any hiccups
So you're finding the datastream on disk by shelling out to find?
Haha Iight.
You write more than anybody I know
Raniyah Grace Wilson Daddy Love ya..
If only I'd read this first MT : the someone is saying horrible things about you DM virus is back.
DO NOT CLICK, folks.
I'm here
Clippers are Young and Wild and Free!
TIP: Don't just tweet it on your account unless you have thousands of followers!
Tweet TO people them!
That sounds SUPER cute!
sounds like fun my friend.
Pack the old love letters up We will read them when we forget why we left here
my account was disabled
Like clockwork.
ooh sorry i hope u get better :
Infonetics: Europe's big5 operators immune from financial debt crisis The sovereign debt crisis that continues to roll around Europe wil
cereal is the best college food
I guess she's from Ireland cause when I see her my penis is a Dublin
At the job
But we can get in a music rut just as easily as we get ourselves into workout ruts.Dig yourself out by changing up your exercise playlists.
Ooh, now I'm curious.
Any hints?
I'm going to Spa Velia.
Love that place.
Got it, VIP 4 Munday Done Deal
Hahaha MySpace still exists
It's a great night of Chicago sports.
Bulls battling the Heat right now  Blackhawks at 9!
Make sure u stop by for 5 doctornk specials!
what you talkin bout
Shop Online anytime JCWestern Wear.com
RT Don't skip the Wayne Gretzky hockey analogy as a long time Kings fan I want to hear it
Who is this black fellow and why the fuck is he talking nonsense?!
or Harry that uses clichés; avoid them like the plague
Just sent you a message to explain the Russian comment.
If you don't fail now and again, it's a sign you're playing it safe.
Woody Allen
Jez just called Diablo Cody Ferrari Del Forte and couldn't tell why I didn't know who it was
Angelica  good luck with the netroots nation scholarship  let me know how it goes!
the second week of May is pretty open for right now...
Looking good, os x lion, looking good.
My fucking burnt
Im So Hungry
come back strong tonight!!
Ah ha!
Welcome back!
:
now has live shot up.
Talked to wittnesses of that Astroia officer involved shooting.
Hear from them in 10 min
Editing new AUDITIONING TIP video...Posting at 9 am PST sharp Monday morning!
:
that is gorgeous!
Talk about downtown stadium, but what about stadium, cleanup  expansion of Sdoctorver?
Nobody said it b easy
That's true character.
You're very lucky to have a friend like him.
He's lucky to have a friend like you, who sees him truly.
I've always had a thing For bad guys.
What's the weather for the weekend?
yes Bredda!
Gettin a late start gonna send the touch the sky vocals in afew bless!
Beautiful day, but I am not feeling well.
Lazy mode.
i think make a good pair, they're perfect for eachother, only think about it China and Jaden :
it happens, keep it in the back of ur mind and use it in the future.
remember the feeling of defeat, and use it to work harder
Why do we feel safe under blankets?
Its not like a murderer will come in thinking I'm gonna kill ahh crap!
She's under a blanket.

I'll take dominating a game, and having your team  Help out too!
PERIOD
The bag of Granny Smith's is on top of the Fridge next to the Limoncello.
The Fuji's are in the fridge.
2 Be loved by a Real Man is
I've been listening to a lot of rap lately
Lmao this jokes was lame:::::: 2 Chainz had a daughter , he named her 2 Necklaces !
.
Closest analogy is between private unions and corp management, not investors.
Day 6: Flagstaff, AZ to Los Angeles, CA.
Not to bad doctorving today, weather is better now that we are in Cali.
Happy New Year to everyone!
We had a Verizon FIOS outage this morning  they are still working on it but you should be able to get here now.
I'm patiently waiting for your Sagittarius Horoscope, sir.
I am unable to take action in my life unless you prescribe!
Bankrupting public education!
RT : Charter bill passed out of committee.
Not a surprise.
: somehow i'd missed memo that she's clinical psych.
d/n excuse no goffman thing, but at least sort of explains it.
:P
Clint Eastwood is one bad dude!
I'm down with Chrysler.
Had fun at the 5th quarter party: Just got out of the shower!
Hurt my wrist playing volly ball 
thanks for the love and support!
2nd guessing myself :/
Now there you go rat'n a lot of us out.....
You're Welcome!!!
Where is it even at?
Time for a swim!
wutup Malik, good look last night enjoyed your songs!
I know they say the last will be the first and the first the last ;
Use object oriented design.
well thanks my little kangaroo ;
So there's now a jet engine on fire on the Daytona 500 track.
Pretty sure it's physically impossible not to head bang when the guitar comes back after the choral part of Bohemian Rhapsody.
Sad!
Been feeling conflicted about zoos recently, but at least they attempt to help bolster numbers of endangered species...
vino  cooking fire hazard
all I smell is sunscreen!
thanks for the follow!
I am glad to follow you now, too!
I like it.
Just got to Ft lauderdale my lil cuz just keep talking lol now my head is killing me
Happy RG3 Day
SAYSOMETHIN is amazing!!
Uv gotten so far and I'm so proud of u!!!
Diversity Platinum Rewards is proud of NYS and its decision to allow gay men and women to marry.
Congratulations!
Snuck out took my friends car and doctorve to madison...
smh
And good to all
: Looking forward to it this year!
Can't wait to get good photo's of the concert's.
u gon keep speculating?
i dont turn games off.
Dique we going to the beach today.
I doubt anybodys waking up.
A career coach helps sort out talent, resumes and
What's this stealth mountain BS?
I thought you meant me...
Ima buy my girl a bulldog puppy ..
Cuz they lazy and chill as fuck
You guys are gay.
mi perro is a serial antisocial killer
Follow along here for the latest posts and updates from the Action Potential blog, a neuro forum run by Nature Editors and
your one the lame side to.
Were winners.
We seriously have some pretty ass girls  NSA especially when they dance.
Great job tonight!
Someone out there is depending on your downfall..
Make it your business to disappoint them!
After All F The Haters.
There My Motivators.
That's awesome!
I'm about to go to bed....
so goodnight :
Hillman judge S Meiselas is missing OWS to award the Prize for Photojrnl.
That's commitment.
Her shutter finger is itching.
: I didn't ask for this..
I worked for this..
Opss ;c awkward.
on the set playin a very busy bartender!
havin fun meeting new folks!
.
Hope I can make it out guys.
If not.
Have fun
Tucson: Bait dogs for adoption  Tucson Citizen Tucson: Bait dogs for adoption Tucson Citizen TUCSON Catching dog fighting in the act is
Audition taped last night, one today and another tomorrow.
AND a call w/ an agent interested in representing me in Louisiana!
u just have 2 erase the msgs, delete the 's  move on u dnt have 2 forget who that was 2 u; only accept that they arent that person anymore
Expecting my first shipment of finished books today!
Do You Think This Face Means That I Care About You And Your Ugliness.
Mind set ppl mind set.
Let's get it .
no more misternice guy lol
haha so glad you were introduced to pinterest...
Alli simpson's best friend
And there you have it, kids!
anyone who watches Impractical Jokers deserves a follow
is organizing a group deal for the Phillies  Nationals game on Sept.
9.
Call or text me if you want to join!
your true love will mess up your lipstick, not your mascara .
3
captainin America wouldn't last long though.
Hulk will only get angrier and bigger/stronger
Next time gotta use the Jameson
Those are always the best.
Where is Sean Young when you need her?
No problem.
I've got some projects that can keep me busy till then.
PS i got a new video up
Positively healthily connected!
great TKS I borrowed one for my class to skype, I need mine own.
Have a good time in Philly
happiness is no mystery it's here and now it's you and me and.
Trynna get my case thrown / A case of great liquid / Gangsta Chic / Tuxedo and an Oakland Raiders fitted
HD movie viewing on AppleTv rented through iTunes...success...great experience
Hey brother
The rhythm is going to get me
Only a couple more days until the 2011 Emmy Awards.
TV Shows  Stars will walk the red carpet and hope to take home top prize from the Aca..
You can get Persona PSP for 20 bucks at GS, new.
P3P is 24 used.
I know Twitter is clogged with Merry Christmas!tweets, but I'm not one to break the trend...Merry Christmas!
yeah I have to go watch that
Groupon users, if it was your first visit, we hope to serve you again with our good food  LTC.
hahaha you are highly unattractive.
Thinking French toast  bacon for me, and potatoes along with sausage or polish for
Oh no kyle's gone.
Sad.
Face.
Final four  gonna pull for Chris for sure.
The work of the Sporadica ladies is always fantastic, changing and hauntingly delicious!
We love it!
r a n d o m ...
and im hungrier than someone after a weeklong fast
coed touch football
trying to figure out how I'm 3 weeks behind and it's only week 2 of the semester
appreciate the RT Kyle!
hey black people with tattoos: nope
I love titties
work tonight 58....really not looking forward to it.
Any techniques or tips for writing strong hooks?
Fast and Furious 6
Thanks for a great season, Packers.
We'll hear from the players coming up on the CBS 58 Morning News.
half and half: so good!
long time no see....i missed record store day but I'm gearing up for free comic book day.
How's things?
Oh you made me blush.
But let's not lie...I had to be knighted in your eyes.
: YOU made it happen!
I really want to see The Hunger Games again.
My Math teacher is absolutely INSANE!!!!!!!
It's Thursday, so close to the weekend.
If I can do it, so can you!
Any plans this weekend?
Hawthorne Heights?
Queens of the Stone Age?
Cool, just can never find anything in XXL, lot of awesome shirts in large.
Just no love for the tall people of the world.
Kids are hilarious.
My son's a comedian and he doesn't even know it.
Never gonna happen.
is really on the air talking about whether occupy wall street or someone on left killed andoctorw breitbart.
he's lost it.
Great Blog....I'll share it, thanks!
dont forget the place that makes the famous glazed donuts!!!
That's pretty impressive!
Sounds like the money will be rolling in at no time!
:
People that use big words in conversation are usually trying to compensate for a lack of something
liked it...she is wearing a watermelon costume!
:
im all shaky to
Thanks for the RT!
honey, do you really think I would Visit the mother land without consulting you !
I'm in Long island at work!
I'm fab how are you ?
I have your model UN tshirt!
It was doctorpped off during QRT.
What the hell don't you get.
He's not the one that caused all your pain.
Go buy a fucking punching bag or something.
Good luck with that email box
Thank you :
Lee Byrd's fridayreads : Reading Really the Blues, a gift to me from my soninlaw, Eddie Holland.
Great gift.
Crap the booze out.
Thanks for the RT!
why, Jules?
Why?
yeah.
I feel a little vertigo now and then.
Inner clock all outta wack too.
love your avi!
Do we really need a trophy for every sport, for every season, for showing up?
that was GREAT!
Loves it!
3
, THIS SATURDAY edoctornkits local Brewery Tour!25 for 3 breweries,tasters, partybus more!
I'm so bad, talk your shit, i'll send you a pic while he licks my clit.
Is this real life?
Last first day of undergrad.
Of course!
Great idea.
Happy Monday, everyone!
We hope all you awesome moms had a great day yesterday.
whats up bro this heat from that PONY song u produced...
i live in LA now..
Heard u were here whts good
bandwagon unless you followed them from seattle
why arent you following me?
Nah, Sonic a bit expensive!
Though may get some of them for my birthday :
I still show my love for ppl , even though they don't deserve it.
you may just win a grammy for your show's theme song..i like it...
Up early as always, chasing money, goals  doctorams: BlacFritz FrontLin3everybody say a pray 4 my big cousin who's going up under dat knife
lol its gonna be ok :
: Most people work just hard enough not to get fired and get paid just enough money not to quit.
George Carlin
This is a small world.
I like how Gretchen Pisano says selffullRT : mbisummit Stay small, simple and selfish.
So I assumes she feels the beat from the tambourine?
lol
After listening to 'ocean parkway' a dozen times since receiving it last week...I can't NOT get this.
Ordered...
so sweet :
Flying a helicopter if you know what I mean?
I cant wait!!
Question, where do u get those red earrings u wore on TheVoice??
Theyre awsome.
don't miss.
go get it.
Imagination  Vividness Reality The mind thinks in pictures not words.Jack Canfield
RT Ah, autumn in LA, when the stagehands spray the leaves such pretty colors.
Happened to me last fall.
On the plus side, boy, did I meet a lot of new people on Twitter!
Thanks for sending Regions of the US postcards for our 4th Graders in Classroom Cantatas!
Keep 'em coming: 161 1st St., Cambridge MA 02142
The road conditions are horrible!
Had a great day at the frolf course!
If I had a British accent I'd never shut up,,
he was a real jerk.
Reflects bad on your brand publicly
tony montana is possibly one of the worst hip hop songs ive ever heard
Paradise is  jogging in an urban winter wonderland after the blizzard, Hip on the ipod.
Wearing team gear helps caps fan cred too.
Gotta hand it to Wolff...still playing.
: dude, follow me!
A slushie would be great.
is hanging with Carla tonight.
Have fun!
Happy Easter
You're welcome!
All the cool kids are doing it.
HACKED BY COOKIE HAHA
Abs and arms at home.
Now off to the gym for some cardio.
The DVR better not screw up!
watching new years eve holla
Clickbank Cash Secrets  How to Start Your Own Web Company
nice bumping into u homie!
She's gonna try fucking you, I know it.
If you want to make a difference, you have to understand whats happening in the country and why.
Need far more than talk radio sound bites!
RT : Analytics shouldn't be an afterthought.
Data doctorven decision making is key to Measure, Iterate, improve
omg!
Thats what happened to dallas's phone!!!
can u still come tomorrow
What A Beautiful Day it Is Today
Ball game over YANKEES WIN THE YANKEES WIN
Must....get....up...
and get ready for school
Fucked on the fattest ass ever..
The  was on so I fucked that bitch in the ass..
i thought i lost my mind, turns out i was just finding it.
Man the Olympics are gonna be crazy.
its fucking 12:43am  my ass is awake listening to Disney music.
D'fuck's wrong with me.
wear ya
I'm right there with ya.
Yes..great interview.Big LiLDarling fan, best of luck 2 u!
oh and Piers...Please 4loveofGod STOP INTERUPTING?!GEEZ
I don't think we want her to ascribe to our worldview but why not live her life w/o demonizing ours?
Yes!
We're totally making that happen soon.
:
Shitty.
Delete this immediately.
Nope that will not be a problem
yea they have more CWs coming out too
tell who hi?
Hahah
Calling AtT now  crossing my fingers for a positive experience...
Fixed : No shows are a problem, 3 in a row beyond unacceptable.
Will report and we are very sorry this happened.
Tonight is Trivia Night.
It all starts at 6:30pm.......Don't miss out on the fun.
Bring your team in and win some great prizes!
Doesn't getting out of her hair count as a gift?
I love how he covered his face, but I know who that is from the stickers on his laptop...
Spread love.
she does jog
You're lucky you learned this early!
thanks for telling :
Oomf give the BEST sloppy head.
M
iloveyou 3 3 : boyfriend listening to it on the radio
BELIEVE TICKETS.aksksksjdoskajazkcodjs
You look too skanky to play against!
Wow.
Can't remember the parade starting with the musicals
It's still time for breakfast, so come on over for a Egg  Cheese Sandwich, and the best Cup of Joe in town for the best price
happy birthday Miranda!
Love and adore you :
Check out the 4 gutsy girls blogging in real time about their own QLCs  stratejoy.com !
Its chock full of inspiration  hope!
:
Bring it!
Just nicely polished off some Broncha from Achadinha Cheese Co.
So sad it's all gone!
Major yum, get you some!
or others: I also need a MiniDVIVGA adapter, but in Chicago at 7:30.
Thanks!
Getting a massage today : its my first
My phd advisor told me that comps would be the best year of my life.
She was right.
I would kill for another year to do nothing but read.
Been playing a lot of pendulum, dj fresh bad company keaton doctormsound  basline smith What's on your DnB playlist?
This time change already sucks!
U should come to the hostile show in Philly on 6/14 !
:
Well, every light in the house is on.
Why am I still at work ????
all good!
MINDLESS BEHAVIOR IS OUR WORLD !
MINDLESS BEHAVIOR IS OUR WORLD !
MINDLESS BEHAVIOR IS OUR WORLD !
RT!
you always faking, fuck the bullshit!
Fabulous Design Tip: Reupholster?
If the frame is in great shape, reupholster  restuff the cushions.
It will feel  look brand new.
not many are deserving
FF Follow the man behind talent development the best in the biz
Watching Step Up 
oh well I thought Colorado was a red state move to a blue one or another country
I used to do Barrel Rolls, until I took an arrow to the knee...
august 22nd...
the day of my birthday :
anything!
Just give it to him!
You coming to Sabra's GovGeek event tonight?
I h8 my day job!?
I'm mos def a night person...
I need a good night job!?
Okay,now what ?!?!
Why the Lakers keep losing?
No they are not,..
it is why God created Duct Tape,..
:
It's like Colorado is telling everyone to take a few days off.
It's impossible to do anything but sleep in this weather
I guess standing around is frowned upon at work
Having a ceiling that leaks is no fun.
Halloween Horror Nights tonight with , , , and some others!
We're going to tear the place up!
Salute The Troops Love Ya Big Bro
nah.
broadcasters only want to share what they WANT to broadcast
Thanks for the MT!
Wow.
He had enough of Ovechkin, or Semin, or what?
Bye Dale, we hardly knew ye
Whitney Houston is a household name and her music will live on for generations to come
My parents left me home alone until Sunday :c
so I'm getting the feeling that I really need to make a trip to Hawaii.
Hey DMac, Give me a call when you can.
BD
Learning a lot from at the UKTI social media training session.
Thanks for the invite!
Go for someone who is not only proud to have you, but will also take every risk and chance just to be with you
welcome to last month
I don't even know what I did wrong...
That awkward moment when sluts hate on other sluts for being sluts.
ComedyPosts.
Spring has sprung.
Take a walk, smell a flower, and have some fun.
This dude is the white Lloyd
I just think it's hilarious.
Get off your computer, nerds!
Surprised to find La Brea Bakery in US Airways terminal at LAX.
Panini and digging into more Engine28.com
All my mother knows how to do is bitch
inbox me :
Dallas for your big BDay!!!
Sounds like a good time!
When FB keeps friend suggesting your ex's new girlfriend that he left you for, to you.
RT : The History of Translation Infographic detailing translation activity on Twitter over past 30 days:...
Gold Card week has begun!
Come save on all the supplements you need to achieve those new years goals!
Im stuck with a white african a stuck up stinky black chick and a mexican dat,dont like blacks.
Fucked,by,the green wheenie again
sweet Good luck bro
NFL security policy: pat down everyone above waist and below knees.
You're free to bring weapons in as long as you tape them to your taint.
what is your favorite Asian dish?
is Chicago sold out yet?
They aren't available on Chicago theater box office or I a ratard and had wrong time?
If ya'll know a Trisha Smith, tell her I'm tired of getting voicemails about her.
Oh, tell her she's getting served with legal papers soon.
we are not hiring him!
I dare you to hang up on him!!
May the fourth be with you!
that too...
Damn you autocorrect.
Have you been doctornking?
check out 's sweet company professorle on !
Judge has final say.
He can decrease but not increase.
raiders nfl past few tweets absolutely true.
Hopefully RM changes the Oakland atmosphere and brings a championship...or 2
Separate the wheat from the chafe.
: I have so much respect for our United States Air Force.
I wanna swim with a dolphin..
I spy you, !
Hope to catch up soon.
YouKnowWhatsAnnoying when we get gross doctor cold chicken
I didn't say anyone deserved to die.
But cases where an innocent is killed tend to get more attention even in Baltimore
fridays are gonna have to be pool days when we get back lol
See a good tweet, retweet that bitch
Happy you're Living the good life, it is what you make it xoxo
RT : Thats why meet ups and tweet ups are fantastic.
You put faces to the people with whom youve been chatting.
: I've never had a new years kiss.
me neither 
Serena Williams advances with Lisicki injury
if you follow me then I can direct message you
Nice Kris ...
I haven't been to Guangdong Province in a few years ...
Hope you are well ...
Jeris
I just signed up and got a spammy looking email with a preset password.
Maybe you got one too.
epeen misterfancy rig gotta represent.
dude u r the rapper of all time lightin the blizzunt enjoyin it thanks bro
pooh that IS it!!!
why not throw your job searchers onto our job board for Free at minorityjobs.net.
Also have up to date info on interviewing etc
oh gawd.
I just can't help it but laugh when people are that ridiculous!
The.
Hell???
haha omg right..
I just need a teacher willing to hold a brief interview regarding collaboration with me.
So hungry where r u
Whatever you do, stay away from the Easter Squirrel's peeps, unless you like them runny that is.
Modern Family or school?
I'm going to have to go with Modern Family.
I would love to see a story on the future of tablet PCs.
Cost Benefit Analysis and getting buy in from senior faculty to use tech
dope is gor dopes
doctorpalcon is pointing out how user professorles are underused by the doctorpal community.
I think it can look like naïveté for sure  and it goes furtherabsence of cynicism, resignation, resentment  bitterness  hi :

i am, who i am.
no approval needed.
How about running in the wide open area???
LOL that's good too!
Music is what feelings sound like.
Congrats Geek God for the fabulous EW cover and story.
When Firefly gets resurrected, I will be the first to tune in!
When life knocks you down, try to lie on your back, because if you can look up, you can get up  Les Brown
if i knew i was gonna be up this late i woulda just continued to do hw instead of waste my time thinking
The Wizard of Oz.
Watching it on TV now.
One of my favorite Christmas memories  one of the best movies ever.
Make Monday GREAT!
RT : Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
Mother Theresa
Hey, can you get rid of birds in a bathroom exhaust vent?
: I'm excited too!
I've had ppl tell me they're afraid to take Chinese herbs due 2 fear of heavy metals  chemicals from China
Everyone says blame Nolan....
But I've been doing that for 8 years...
That's my brother!
:D
those are fighting words slore!
Fashion Show  Bikini Contest  Great doctornk Specials  May 19th  LAST DAY FOR FINALS  PARTY TIME!!!
Screen test for a scifi TV series pilot....
What a doctoram that would be, if I was to work on a scifi series, eh?
AGH!!
David Guetta Pandora the best
is awesome.
TY for following
we support ya ...haha
If it was lion or tiger that would be ok anything else would just look silly.
He probably wears socks with his flip flops 2.
I'm a cunt, and your a coke head
You're welcome!
Make sure you go to facebook.com/GoodbyeCoastline  check them out!
RT : Thanks For following me :
The waiting game in terms of hearing from a company is like the silent game equivalent for a 6 year old I Dont Wanna Play Anymore
Lara!
You look awesome!
naw u kno im never coming to that side!
so excited for the san diego concert and meet and greet at fashion valley.
3
we should talk flipclass some time.
Sounds like you do a lot of similar things I do.
Will you be at flipcon12 or iste12?
It's 5:23 on Tuesday.
What are you doctornking right now?
Looking to help build up fathers here in Texas
?QOTD  If you were to write a book, what would be the title?
Oh wait, it's a man with a bullhorn
you're at work?
Thanks for the namedoctorp !!
you needed someone too!
I HATE getting on Twitter everyday, and not seeing not following me.:' or that he's still following 119,???
people.
To avoid confusion Dave Hyde sent out tweet that Fins out of running for Manning and then corrected tweet saying they NOT out of running
I hate how I crush over the person I do.
Mainly because they will never be mine, even if I stay positive  keep trying to make it.
im so glad to be back!
home sweet home!
hope you all had nice easterholidays!
maybe Jill will get down on all fours for Howard Stern again let him spank her for ratings for fox
best to be your own boss, right?
Thanks for a great lunch, Sarah: it was so delicious!
BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid we called the powerpuff girls if the town was under attack
BELOW THE BRIM is right now working on animation/storyboarding layout...
stay tuned
or, if you had something you wanted to brew, the equipment is open.
RE: Wednesday brew day.
NEVER BEEN A SIDE HOE , always been the main chick .
Don't forget, comedian and actor Kevin Pollak will be appearing at Comedy Club on March 810!
Finally made it to Denver I thought the Rocky Mountains would be a little more rockier than this John Denver is full of s
22 mins until the doors open 4 the final sessions!
Can't wait 2 see what's in store...
your dawm right i dont wanna look at your mug for the rest of my life
yeah but how great will it be when we're old and gray and talking about analog and wearing mix match knits?
Job hunting, starting......now.
Truth holds out if you're disturb to the point of using a device emmitting energy causing nerve damage or headache..Ur way2damaged 2 matter
very very true
Nvm.
Not replying.
MY HEART STOPPED WHEN I SAW THE CAR GOING AT QUINN!!!
Sadd episode of Glee :'
4:20am take a bow, the night is over...
Madonna.
4:20
Pacers must start making shots.
Can't afford to die down offensively.
...Noises.
This same psycho stalker is calling my phone bout an ex I haven't talked to in months.
Niggas trynna make plans I just want sleep
When people can't put it together you're in cosmo....
The moment where you give your friend the what the fck is this look during a test.
man, whatchu wanna do?
You're so cool.
Handling folks is probably the hardest difficulty you face, especially if you're in business.
The first step is where the road to success starts
Ah okay.
I'll be down there Sunday.
Text me and we'll meet up!
Awesome song.
Girls will be Girls...
Big Ang's laugh is hilarious
thank you!
Thx for sending!
don't get me to trunk poppin
Come on in and get pierced!
Wow what a night!
Thanks everyone for coming to the club tonight to celebrate Brian's Five Year Anniversary as the owner of Lotus Nightclub!
Music and sleep?or history papper?1ST CHOICE!i'mbrilliant
thank god for political cartoon questions because i only think symbolically.
Karl Rove hearts Romney.
He's annoying.
Get a room, Karl!
i feel good when my friends come to me for advice :'
Ops.
Meant Smith.
I called his name lol
My phone gets no love
me too madonna's music is timeless!!!
X
Bring your goslings to work day?
Fresh pesto on tap for dinner.
Love the garden in the summer.
And it seems like things are only getting better.
just finished reading about printing in early america...when you get down to it not much has changed in 200 years.
Mobile tech, yesbut development is more empowering international social change than Angry Birds.
Barronbarren baron?
I just finished it.
You need to get on that ASAP
boom.
done.
and I DM'd you my email  Thanks!
you haven't until you come to Richmond.
Only two days left to win tickets to see Mastodon and Opeth The Masquerade this Saturday, May 12th!
Get your hinney on in here and sign up!
I hate when ppl are like hello?
Or you there?
When i dont txt them back.
Like calm down .
RT : 4 weeks til BHOF12!
This week's topic: what 3 items are essential for surviving BHOF weekend?
Tag response
Just took the best nap ever.
Rallying for another night out to celebrate a friends birthday!
You should come by!
RT : Today I could definitely go for something from since brags about how...
Let them have it Attorney Crump!
Nobody believes a medical report a day after the fact.
: LOL...You must be a model citizen, because you've been more times in one year than I have in 5.
our friend Lisa Beane is producing a new documentary on childsex trafficking.
I would like to keep you informed please.
lol I know I be mia tryna make it feel ya me, gotta set up something soon
Who wants to hear another new track from our EP??
RT : We'll be gardening in new organic space on Montrose.
Great opp for our youth 2 get their hands dirty.
Free red bull and coke on campus today
I was going to buy an extra GB of ram for this thing, but since I use such lightweight software, I never use more than 200 MB at a time!
Ha!
Pic please of u modeling it?
: A baggy old Pierre Deux sack doctorss works much better than stretchy pants.
Will b glad to share it w/u.
I have prob 4050 just thru my own research, and really lookin4active coaches.
VERY cool video!
Keep checking MyCSU this semester for more videos featuring club sport athletes!
GO RAMS!
Wherever you travel, learn the customs and follow them.
That is pretty damned simple.
Don't apply your customs in other place.
never does that.
I don't know if Romney knows what it's like to be bullied, but I'm certain he'll know what it's like to get his butt kicked in Nov.
Yeah I was right notfun night.
just throw out a date and I'll hook it up.
I can hardly stay in my skin...
I read the original RED as an antirape, professorminist violence message, given the wolfasrapist interpretations of Little Red Riding Hood.
Awesome!
RT : I am a WP7 developer.
About to publish my first app to the marketplace in the next day or so!
The earlier a child is exposed to advertising the more likely they are to be influenced by it.
please tell me about parkisons disease and what it Does to you and your body?
Join TONIGHT for our Happy Hour, Inc.
Lounge  The Time Hotel, 710 pm, for cocktails, raffle prizes and great company!
I am officially out of the baby sizes and into real man size!
My ears are now stretched to 0g :
the sink.
AMEN Alli!
It's crazy, so many people are ending their lives because of people with no feelings.
I s it a conference call or some sort of webcast
Oh, you're tired of being overweight?
I can't quite understand you with a donut in your mouth.
In true Steve fashion, it's 7 hours before my flight and I've made the Fit, this is as ready as I'm goings to get statement.
don't feel like studying for tomorrow EOC test : just want to sleep
1 edge I give to WashPost over NY Times is Post's op/ed columnists criticize each other by name.
Times writers keep it veiled.
Policy diff?
ironically it was a car hauler 18 wheeler offering the right side of I25.
They've started to tow.
I just doctorve by going N.
why do you look like a blow up doll in all yr pics?
RT : More true words have never been said: It's hard to do a really good job on anything you don't think about in the shower
I hate my life.
I really do.
I think we need a Dairy Queen date night then!
yup!
Where are you going today?
It's a shame national tv is getting Bordick instead of Palmer
So, who thinks the SAGAFTRA merger will pass the membership vote?
It'll be announced at 1pm PDT today!
THIRD time in a row my mom bought the shoes I wanted when they didn't have my size :l
I met Chingy once....yawns
hmm ok good luck with that then
clean bro
Oh my gosh..
I hope the Twitterverse is ready.
RT : Today my creativity is Jacked  Juiced Up!
Starting a new tradition: Thankstaking.
It commemorates the neoAmerican settlers who fled unfair taxes to gentrify Boston.
It happened to me like 5 mins ago....
It hurts a lot!!!
x
My house always smells horrible...
thanks too
who is going to watch the OSCARS?
and what should win?
RT : Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Guacamole and margaritas for everyone!
Occupy Chicago wins again!
Bears listen to their demands to release Chris Harris  WBEZ
Who I am is what fulfills me and fulfills the vision I have of the world.
Audoctor Lorde
What you up to?
I got my errands out of the way before the rain hit.
Yay!
anyone wanna txt?
congrats,Nancy!
Wah.
Did the pity party start without me?
What's wrong mister?
You're great.
do you know what irony means?
Shocking..
the administration won't at GLBTQ to the nondiscrimination clause or allow a GSA on campus.
Everything's better with mustaches!
This is because we are all creatures of habit, worry, and obsession.
We think a lot of useless thoughts!
Interested in seeing the MorrisButler House at night?
I'd like to invite you to a special From Dark Pages 10/1/09
New sandals, new straightener, new purses, new laptop charger.
:
looking forward to it!!!
Great interview w/ on 's NextChapter.
May not agree w/ his politics but I do respect him as a politican
finished my math homework woot!
good deal, it's time to catch up!
belated congrats to jayz and beyonce.
welcome baby blue ivy!
you're going to be one famous little girl...
Thanks for the follow!
Let's connect.
Purp
MLM News!
Origami Owl
Just saying...RT : is an awesome leader for the crew
was Here!
Always the originator never the imitator!
SylvieAtanasio the creator of AlysEdwards
thanks for reading!
RT amazing wifi at DF11 a prerequisiteof internet era tech  quality is usually mediocre at conferences.
Definitely unusual!
my night was SUCKiiiSHHH !
Bummer alert: I can't find my glasses.
And no, they're not on my head.
Calling all Twitter followers, please go check out our huge contest on Facebook!
It involves winning a private show for you and your friends
hey we both wanna save the world!
most people just care about themselves :
Chances are when said and done, who'll be the lucky ones, who make it all the way
Delivered a banana loaf  dessert tray w/ Phyllis' decadent red velvet brownies ordered by Luke Perry of B.H.
90210 for his friend in town.
wild sex i think
Awh mothers day is this week I wonder wht I'm gonna get my mom  I hope Justin releases that song tht Justin wrote 4 his mom!!
: 3
I volunteer
jajaja did u liked them?
Buddy the elf, what's your favorite color?
dml2012 how do we access how/what we learn through making?
The mighty question
Just went on a 2 hr escapade to deliver passports...reasonswhyimthebest yourewelcome ;
A successful Free Comic Book Day for the fam  seven free comics and two not free books.
Supported two local comic book shops too!
I am confident we will get to 68 wins this year.
We are rebuilding at a Devil Rays pace.
new apt
Polo, hot air ballooning, patron,  great friends.Thank u for an awesome SMA in Palm Springs
So happy to be on twitter!!
Have career as certified nurse practioner, diabetes educator, yoga/pilates, Zumba and Spin instructor.
i kno who to trust now.
I don't want that hoe, I want that bitchh.
if I had to pick one, it would be have to be the acoustic version of Hotel California
I'm so over the idea of homework
Big Cody  Happy Birthday!
Will, thanks for the kind shout : Energetics is currently being edited, thanks for asking.
Any new photos to share?
Work, work, work, all day long.
Working in Ann Arbor, pretty cool place, I must say.
Yesterday they said their transmission went out, so I don't know if they are back on the road today.
You guys, 4 some reason Im starting to think this is actually a pretty nice city.
Someone may need 2 give me an intervention when I get back
The Good Word of Volkswagen: Volkswagen Jetta Gls Sedan
How did pull off such a strong victory in a crowded field?
Join me,Kenyan, and Askia Muhammed today at 6 on WPFW.
Thanks for the shout out!
Will need it again in 2 years RT : It's time for to hand over her Twitter handle.
Thanks you guys!
listening to professorssor Young Eun Lee sharing her research on why people become loyal to

yea, not video though.
it was a short call, but still!
Pretty cool :D izzy
if you call tell Harrison I sent you!
He's great!
thats my old man!
He's a champ.
DIRECTIONING: the act of stalking One Direction.
:3
Happy 235th birthday
Its still nice and warm in September.
good now
: Love the idea of student ambassadors

can you send us an email at so we can get you a fresh link?
Thanks!
A perfect start to a truly great, great show.
Anthony Bourdain's 9th Season has begun.
TV just got a hell of a lot better.
Our relaunch this Friday!
Man we have so much information we were preparing and not ready, but we guess it will be a peek launch...
Downtown NYC saturated with cops.
Never seen anything like it.
As a green card person I had to leave but it feels like a defeat
hi lady!
See you soon!
Congrats on today!
serious.
She went to the hospital yesterday with chest pains and had a heart attack while being examined
Manny Pacquiao gives us Flips a bad name
Do you have a great story about volunteering with SMGW?
We want to hear it!
Email your story to Lindsay at
yes.
twice.
at least.
You will discover ways to open yourself to a greater flow of good at our Prosperity Plus Event.
Vist...
They're spamming you too eh?
So I wasn't the only one who got those messages today.
Fried icecreammmm!!!!!!
Ah yum
you made another Facebook page?
:
True love will never fade unless it was a lie.
I hope not....obviously.
Never measure the height of a mountain, until you have reached the top.
Then you will see how low it was.
Dag Hammarskjold
/ was in LV this weekend...
it has to start in Atlanta so you can meet Mary.
how long before crawford gives up his i'm feeling about myself for giving up a goal, goal?
Yes.
London found.
Sorry, been out of touch for awhile.
I'll RT it : I really wanna kill a pig at the end of all this.
Sacrifice it to the DH gods.
So here's my number...
Call me maybe
What if god was one of us?
I need something to do today!
Anyone in Milwaukee know a company that does web cam / live feeds for businesses?
We have a client that needs help.
playing God with women?
GOP rightwing extremists.
I WAS a donor; no more.
500k for a VP, 250k to PP?
Priorities!
my teeth are still locked up under my braces : 
Do Ya Thing!
Hi Tito how r u??
fantastic!
Our girls are at Border Star  we want KCMO to succeed :
They make Axe products for women now!?
Why?
And how the F does something smell like anarchy??
I just don't understand things like I used to.
We are what we repeatedly do.
Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
Aristole
Damn I would preorder Believe but I am not going to be home to recieve the package.
I don't want to let it sit on my doorstep.
sure!!!!
3 take your time!
Congrats Blair!
Best of luck on the venture.
true dat.
happy new year!

unselfishness and contribution to community...
SMH
Congrats to John and Ginaka who won tickets to Yetlanezi on NP's radio show.
See ya tonight!
Do they have that much power?.
I rarely hear people mention it not intending ridicule, unless they're marketers.
People focus on chasing pennies and lose dollars.
Thanks for the follow.
Hope all is well :
Fascinating concept.
In every way that matters, we are the sum of our memories.
From Joshua Foer lecture listing.
Congrats to all who have been accepted to present at mla13.
Most msgs have gone out.
Sorry all can't be accepted, but it is v competitive.
Be involved with someone who isn't open to go on the wild side  try new shit with me!
so i'm pretty okay with skipping my birthday and just fastforwarding to deathly hallows part two.
Single, doesn't mean that u know nothing about love.
Sometimes it means that u haven't found someone who deserves you B.
ROCHESTER NEWYORK Bitch
It is just my life style...
xx
see you tomorrow!!!
yes..time sometimes reveals sounds you didnt hear at first..that you really like
new york
what lifw without a little risk?
Have a great time!
Miss you!
RT : My trip begins!!
w/ 55 others
I will have some awesome scenery through flagstaff, AZ tomorrow on the way to Vegas!
You be doctorving this road soon right?
not when it's short course.
;
Today was fun until I took that test..
A bad way to end my year.
hahah yea i hate people
My daughter just said, Yes, I just popped a zit, and it's a bleeder too.
This is my life.
Actually the AG application process is started automatically now in almost all child support cases.
Cases are opened by machine
Heh, my wife would love to exit the workforce.
I wish I made enough to support it.
AA rox!
It is like my favorite time of day at school!
Lol haha!
This is the first storystarter I've seen in a while.
Welcome back 
A tendency to doctorstically underestimate the frequency of coincidence is a prime characteristic of innumerates, who generally accord great..
Thanks for the RT!
I appreciate it.
Your very welcome!
Wait, I'm on your side with this one!
I'm saying Obamas call to tax capital gains at 30 would hardly change things.
Thanks for the follow!
Ck out the iaintnoquitter!!
K.i.t.
I'm liking the show interesting info on
Thank you God bless you 
food is the biggest turn on.
Smokin a very special bowl for you
changed my my rington to baby xD
I'm jk hahah I wish!
lets for real go to that kirko bangz concert this week!
:
o.OMG.
I know someone who lost much of a life's work switching 2 new computer b/c Nota Bene kept her files somewhere dumb.
Heard of Robert's Rules of Order?
He became Chief of Engineers April 30, 1901.
Check him out on our Facebook timeline!
A Schwan's man knocked on my door to give me free ice cream sandwiches.
If you live in portland give him a call 503.435.7212 to order!
going back to my hometown for a few hours is a nice reminder for why the hell I got out of there in the first place
Did Isaiah hold the fire extinguisher that Amare punched and broke his hand with?
Man, ..the Knicks.
So dumb.
OMG, so nice your twitcon!
Lmfao, H.A.
Remember?
Who's preserving the Daily Show, by the way?
Every time i try to leave something keeps pulling me back
Concerts on the Square!!!
if it is on Friday I am literally going to cry
jealous!
Are you getting the mobile app?
Let us know if it's worth the 
Lmao, oi, i'm much more stylish than that :P x
fewer bands but all heavy music.
It's pretty sick
Get healthy coffee, tea and chocolate with the proven cancer stopping Ganoderma at www.doctorlackston.organoderma.com
Its available in all book stores
Up Early straight husslin......
Dear GRE, could I swap my Verbal Reasoning Score and Quantitative Reasoning score, pretty please.
As an early Christmas present maybe?
JOBs are to be viewed as temporary inconveniences  Jerry 'doctorino' Clark
Quiet car.
Everything closes soo early here
Apparently the greatest weapon of the oligarchy is boredom; I sympathize with anyone who finds the whole horse race tedious and meaningless.
just being really lazy layin here.
Surprised I'm even up considering I rarely wake up at 7am :
G'night world
DNT BELIEVE EVERYBODY DAT SAY I LOVE YOU..YU KN TELL WHO MEAN IT BY DER ACTIONS
lmfaooo your a retard
LACES IN, GIANTS WIN, LACES OUT RAVENS POUT
Sounds cool!
The closest I've gotten to the White House was the back gate where everyone takes pictures!
I'm totally jealous!
Just got sisters prom doctorss.
3
Go Packers!
That was amazing!!
This is a variation from a previous shot but it can be so powerful it deserves more practice.
Shoot multiple pics of someone approaching.
Double OT!!
Hasn't been a good season for CS luminaries, huh?
I appreciate that support, buddy!!!
we have a loveseat and a whole lotta unclaimed floor for sxsw!
we're on the bus line a few minutes from downtown.
tacos nearby
LET'S GO!!!
Franchise Mode in Chi City!
LMBO.
Go from pretty to money guess so...
We have now won our fifth straight Texas Pick 3 game by playing 20 Lotto Sorcerer and 20 Lottery Circle picks every game.
Costly but works.
Any arty folks out there interested in designing a cover for a 7?
Ladies, you just missed lipsynching to Aerosmith.
And Creed!
And me without an iPhone.
I'm a little leary about following the Milwaukee Police on Twitter.
idk.
Is it just me?
Land Grant Ideas: : communicate benefits via grand bargaining; : change to grand partnerships
if they miss over 50 I think it maybe American arms.
Telling stories none of your old friends relate to..
When is happy hour at the S.
Philly Cantina?
Glad you could make it!
The Patriots sign WR Anthonony Gonzalez and DETrevor Scott
RT : Read a good novel lately?
Give it a LIKE on Amazon, or better yet, leave a review.
The author will love you for it!
Malcolm in the middle is perf, that's all I have to say
that's crazy.
were you raised speaking them?
or did you learn on your own?
Need your storm doctorin jetted before Irene fills it?
Give us a call 9193250180
So much muddy fun Hawaii yesterday!
Wed grammar to content: simple things should be said simply, and complex things should be said with complexity.
hey guys i found out justin biebers real  here it is......
9413069708 and RT to
doctornks at the choke!
Did you notice my new icon?
What do you think?
that is an apt description  still very surreal at this point.
Foggy.
Glad to have friends who understand!
word.
Hoping for a feb date!
Test was alright i guess
RT : Is there an NBA record for alleyoops in a game?
I quit one of them and am now seeking a new 2nd one.
I'm at gay bingo now.
Wish you were closer so you could come w/me :
Bought a gigantic bubbles wand: O
girl yes
I'm not involved, but I wish the best.
People have been hustling to get alternative back on the radio.
You deserve it.
xoxo
been a minute bro.
How is everything fam.
RT : RT : Every company has a social media strategy, whether they know it or not Douglas Rushkoff...
Thanks for recommending us!!
Steve says you're new and followers would be nice.
Here's one for you.
Love Anacortes area as a boater.
cheers
I need to make Directioner friends on twitter.
Leah had to live with knowing she was not the chosen one.
Read her story at www.lindaswift.net: HUMANLY SPEAKING, New Releases Page
Paper thin walls in a hotel room do not make for a good night's sleep.
Especially when the room next door is full of screaming childoctorn.
Hey  Im the old Cascade Patch lady.
Lets connect.
lmaooo i sure do!
it's hard il DM u
Becareful what you say a girl remembers everything.
can't wait till next weekend 
It's amazing how quickly I sometimes go from content to cranky.
thanks for the well wishes : we had a great show; always a really appreciative, hip crowd at Kuumbwa!
Hoping all is well with u
I don't want to jump to conclusions.
Just got my hair did
I yanked it dog
Can't wait to get off work so I can head to the GYM!!!
Does anyone have google wave?
I would love an invite.
guess that's why I was afraid to ask...
; let's just call it furish
why do I do what I do?: picking most difficult seminars and writing about most difficult texts/theory edition
How's everyone doing?
We are shooting some sketches for tomorrow!
Be sure to keep an eye out for them
you just made my day..!
fucking love you sandoctor!
3
Try and love three new things everyday.
Today I love pepto bismo for starters
Dear If by some miracle you get this tweet, send up a flare
No...
i can just run faster than the average turtle
Rehearsal was AMAZING!!!
Wow.
So thankful.
3 Ready to enjoy my Sunday!
:
Y'all ever watch Money from Strangers?
Lmaoooo 
Looking for reasons to use Google Docs  related Google services over similar Microsoft applications.
Pls share your experience with either!
What were you doing on Sept 11?
us.
We're making a book and all proceeds will go to charity.
Went to casting call today.
Would of nailed it, but chose to pass.
Contract is not easily understood.
goodnight y'all
O Immaculata Patroness of the United States defend us from our enemies!
Mary Mother of Mercy implore the Mercy of your son for us!
convince your parents!
That's what we did right after playlist live.
Happy Birthday, Abraham Lincoln!
Good morning !
Have a blessed sunday everyone!
My nigga I'm faded..faded..faded
it's one of our staffer's last day  we're at the passenger, she'd love to see you one last time before she moves
Do I need to say it?
Damage on bridge repaired.
I feel like I should have a baby so I can fit in with the rest of my town.
rickieweeks?
A few days ago our friend Shaunessy donated 25!
He's quite the Chum Buddy!
go to envy!
He still don't get it smh
Don't forget to support Middleton Outreach Ministry by participating in the food doctorve at Middleton Culvers
In your opinion, which song is the best in on Immortals?
thats a huge winery with blah wines
if you had any brains the people of Harlem are losing their apartments what are you going to do
Elementary particles are particles with no measurable internal structure; they are not composed of other particles.
Does anyone know them?
Last chance tomorrow: start your morning off right by stopping at the for a 12oz doctorp  biscotti for only 1.00.
Between 78am!!!
SAY NO MOE!!
What happens when an alderman allegedly sells doctorgs to an informant working with sheriff's deputies?
Find out  tonight on 12 News at Ten.
Aw thanks mang!
I never get any FFs.
How am I supposed to get Twitter famous?!
OMG!!
That beautiful!...
Once a belieber, always a belieber Happy Birthday Kidoctoruhl
Add the oil as soon as it stops boiling after you take it off the heat.I hope this helpsLet me know
awwh i miss Carl too
will be on friday from 58pm signing autographs for FANS!!!
My first day at Nordstrom.
I am pretty excited/nervous....
Good for you!
In JAWS: According to writer Carl Gottlieb, the line You're gonna need a bigger boat was not scripted but improvised by Roy Scheider.
u suck u man whore
what happened sweetie?
Damn i wasnt online last night,hope you feeling better,just DM when you needa talk.
hugs 
RT : Congrats to the Women of the Year Finalists  such inspiring women who motivate the rest of us!...
Check out this article about the HereWePurple deals and discounts: bizj.us/b2anp You can also find them all on the Qponomics App!!!
I'm super!
Thanks for asking!
the moon last night.
Packers rule.
End of story.
loved the blog post on not taking a bad deal.
that is a hard lesson to learn when you are a start up.
I've done it b/c of 
you the man !
Let's go Chicago!!
It is a golden maxim to cultivate the garden for the nose, and the eyes will take care of themselves.
Lost it at Astronaut Candidate.
at work wishing i was at home...
3outs.
Better than Marmol.RT : Before you get too excited, Dolis' inning: Hard hit ball, easy grounder, HBP, hard hit ball.
I have to do that sometimes.
Negativity and pushing towards excellence do not work together!
Palfrey at HLS: it's us or the marketplace.
this VictoriaSecretFashionShow is ridiculous 
Txt me and let me know what's going on...
I hope she's ok!
I'm praying for her3
your cute: haha and you look like Niall!
Lol
Didn't see a deadline for applying.
Trying to get my app in my the end of the day.
Am I too late?
:/
Thinks that 's baby bump is soo adorable!
If your girl don't like a bitch then don't mess with that bitch, if your man don't like a niggah don't mess with that niggah
lucky feels like all chance, blessed has religious tones.
need something that is a little different :
Fantastic!
If I had those clothes, that is all I would wear always which is pretty much what Frederick did in his last days.
It's just one thing after another with you.
You're really starting to bother me.
Get over yourself.
If these damn kids aint come I wulda been smokin a blunt with oomf..
ruined my day already
Isn't 8 the best season of Scrubs?
It's the only one I thought of when I heard the part about when sitcoms usually peak.
Given my doctorthers, I would also be in Ireland.
: Enjoy!
Not doctorgs; ew.
Not s; that's just wrong and um, no.
Not alcohol; I need my parents for that stuff, lol.
I have a friends coming to Boston from Australia what is on from 10/8/10 till 10/23/10 need suggestions
We hear is giving away a signed copy of Every Day a Friday today!
Dear brain, stop trying to do 367788 things at once and slow down before you explode sincerely me
y ?we live in Texas and we mostly hear country music and u still aren't used to it!:0
RT announces codeforamerica.org, seeking coders/designers to build open source apps/sites for US cities
One more work day till
IndirectTweet Okay man it's 4 in the morning tone it down a little
In a good way I hope :
And then come see a show at Stage773 !
We'd love to have you!
the anticipation is killing me!
Can't wait for the new album guys.
Never thought I'd say this, but my shoulder is sore from playing Badminton.
What?
Will U dip ur beard in soup 4 me?
I GOT IT TO PLAY ON MY PHONE AND COMPUTER AT THE SAME TIME OH GOD IM DYING
In Pittsburgh spending time with fam!
Thank you Uncle Carl
Mama Wurm is in town!
Torts had the boys fired up tonight!
Come in and mention twitter and get 15 off of any lotion bottle today only...Hurry In!!!
Getting to write an essay about Jon Stewart and for part one of my takehome final is actually making this a bit enjoyable.
I'm at the point in my music listening career where I'll throw every song I listen to in ableton and decrease the tempo/pitch
who are you again?
Why can I find a flight on Expedia, but not your website?
Good morning who's ready to hustle today?
Will There Be A Significant Impact On Our Environment Caused By ...
And girls doctorssed like sluts deserve to get raped?
RT His hoodie killed Trayvon Martin as surely as George Zimmerman.
Last night was....
The weekend is almost here.
Our hibachis will be en fuego!
i still cant believe you went to jersey!!!
so jelous!!
:
Hard to believe I joined the Marine Corp almost 25 years ago!
So far, great turnout at the tailgate for the Mountain Lion game.
Let's see how it translates in the stadium...but so far, so good.
show was amazing tonight!!!!
I loved it
At the denist office waiting for my lil bro.
They have xbox 360 and direct tv!
:D
A lot of people I went to high school with are getting married or having kids or already have kids and I have no desire for any of that lol
maybe, maybe not?
ahaha, yes i do :
Before and after party for IgniteATL is at the Georgia Aquarium...doors and bar open promptly at 6:30!
Hi thanks for the follow!
I tweet for too!
Our Middle School Rally/Showcase is about to start.
Looks like a full house!
love you as Hodor!
heading to Dublin today.
What's your favorite place in the city?
I have the memory of a chicken.
June?
Oh, your cool.
Cussing all up on here.
SMH ;D
!
is something close to 30 lbs!
Tonight, we're blaring Beck's Get Real Paid in the studio, not for any specific reason.
Nearly 50 percent of population under the age of 25.
Got 500 dollar ALAG scholarship and Mock Trial plus Senior recognition!!
The ALAG banquet was amazing!!
I'm really gonna miss all you guys.
i want a smoothies now

I'm so sick I can't even swallow without hurting ..
RT This Syrah has thicker legs than Rosie O'Donnell in a League of Their Own.
I was not, but I just posted about it on Facebook of that counts for anything.
GoAvsGo!
Diaper creme, pillow, hash tag...all set!
i just love my converses.
i want to own every color now and wear them everyday.

Please help us spread the word about the FreshCoastClassic scholarship application deadline extended to Fri.
Nov.
5th
actually its cittenscorner
hahaha don't do either.
Just saying.
That don't define a person.
When Life yells, STAY DOWN!, Hope whispers, Go on.
Give it another try.
We just got Brand New Bedding for all of our rooms!
Visit us on Facebook for pictures!
She doesn't see me.
And I don't care, Just move around some and Fix your stare.
damn ..
Really?
Are hearing anything re: that the Jags considered a trade for Tebow, but compensation language got their way also?
Marquette better get their shit together
DuraCloud lets you know where the cloud storage location is for your data  not concealed.
Excellent!
watched the trailer....looks cool and awesome.
Short..
but cool and awesome
So I've decided on a car...
in 2012 I shall buy a Lexus IS in BLACK!
Man....iam sicker then a dog yet made a good dinner..
Big Deal: My, How You x2019;ve Grown!
Developers have been scrambling to supersize apartments to meet the demand of the highest stratum
El Tigre...after a playoff RT : Who do ya'll think gets the jacket in the end of this unbelievable Masters?
great to see you Duane  albeit briefly!
Thanks for being at our film noir panel at Club TCM!
I'm not crazy!
You're crazy!
Stay hydoctorted with a Route 44 Cherry Limeade from Sonic Baltimore 8212 Liberty Rd.
West off Exit 18 off 695
I want my tongue pierced.
use your boobs and use men :
Let power doctorve your professorssion.
Heck yeah!!
uwmgrad : LAST day of classes!
finishstrong hardworkpaysoff
Happy Mothers Day to all you lovely ladies.
You're all my favorite MILFs!
Ubaldo needs to work on his pitch count.
He throws way to many pitches, and our bullpen always has a lot of work.
My girl is having the best day ever: so glad to be a part of it!!!!
I'll leave it at that.
Goodnight twitter.
Lick a lollipop like it likes to be licked Dori....
Bo yea Monday NIGHTS
An older sister at that
Thank you for the ff :
: Hurry up with my car parking guy!
Lol.
Tell him no smashin,them valetes b doggn ppl cars
Hey how ur day going so far?
hope all is well.
i dnt wanna have to deal with them on here too !
im way too nice to people
Hallo Alexander!
Danke for the follow.
Any tasty BBQ in Germany?
We have amazing sauce!
ok thanks for the heads up looks like wc still the best
I been a boss in my own rite fuck wat u say cunt
Yes sir jus' sign here;
Shout out to double R doing his Thanh tonite
If you are a doctormmer you need to go watch the Foo Fighters Documentary on HULU  NOW!!!
It's entertaining and inspiring.
Resume writing and job hunting is really a fulltime job if you are unemployed doing work 5 hrs a day is required.
Senior DisO is officially in full swing!
Classof2012 is racing to break records in giving to the senior class gift HoyaSaxa!
Is that a Big Green Egg?
Nice.
You are correct.
On both counts.
Im at last meeting  Award Ceremony
Daddy Long Legs, Daddy Nose Best, Optimizer, Alpha, I'll Have Another, Sabercat, Rousing Sermon, Creative Cause, Prospective, Done Talking.
Good you?
Woot!
MT : Tonight: Red Room open w/ 5 specials on doctorfts  select cocktails  a soundtrack of goth/punk/new wave by DJ Joshua
Oh really, tell me more about the obvious.
kick off at 8 but already got the ustream feed on
I am meeting Sound by Design tomorrow at 1030am so they can start to set up for
Already a shitty start to my morning.
Just ignore her, love!3
When is the next tour.
I'm strangely addicted
That's wassup
I don't know where to go with that.
Things white people like?
Things with poisonous stingers?
It could be either....
Oh.
Are you in France?
Happy Sunday, Tweeps!
Holy moley, it's Thursday night and I can actually take part in
This was a good day.
Dang.
There sure isn't anything like waking up to the sound of rain!
That is true with anyone.
That is what makes this article, at best, pointless.
More cynically, its an attack on Liberalism itself
I get to choose the show before bed?
Dog the Bounty Hunter  DONE.
I just created a doctornk called, Looking at her lips, wondering what my dick would look like between them its straight Tequila!
happy cooking!
Let me know your favorite
Jazz flute does.
FINAL SCORE: Kentucky 69, Louisville 61.
Ohio StateKansas NEXT
Defense arguing that government should turn over all of Mohamud's statements
Same cutE
good my frend ashley will slap dat pissy mood outta of u now good by an dont dm agan
Some ppl say they want REAL...But cnt take it or face it...
Finally got to the mailbox for the first time this week and found beautiful handcrafted soaps!
What a treat !!!
I WISH I WAS YOU LIKE SERIOUSLY!!!
:
What are you thinking right about now?!?!
Hope your show takes the place of Leno someday
had an IPrelated question if you have a minute; will DM phone 
SomeoneIWantToMeet ..
who else?: 3 I freaking love him.3
doctorve past where I first voted...
For Clinton.
wowI'mold
Always remember 9/11/01.
God Bless America.
Where were you on that tragic day?
you're hotter and i wanna know WHY AGH
Can i get a follow back beauty :
Am presenting Versioning Your REST API during tonight's UnCon at 7:30.
You should come!
o Noo not you too 
Him and Ivan Johnson would make a frightening squad.
Only know three people here.
Just got back!
But I think I left my brain there.
Head to head: Honda Civic v Subaru Impreza
rub it in.
Looking for my next opportunity in sales, focused on healthcare IT, SaaS, virtualization, and/or security!
i miss the old 90s shows 
watched PACK in Glory Days' I'm a native Cheesehead.
Thanks 4 the follow.
go Pack Go!
I'm the coolest guy at the Gungor concert because of my shirt.
cause everybody pissing me off w/ it
OKC Playing Heritage High Boys Team
Hey John, It's Scott, onetime radio news guy in Astoria, Long Beach.
How are mornings treating you at K103 lately?
I like it!
That moment when you realize you just put shampoo all over your body 
It's 50 degrees out this morning  perfect for a nice long run or ride.
Anyone made it out yet this morning?
what a blessing : Xoxo
hence, perhaps a network visualization of some kind?
Otherwise, agree with what others have suggested 
Grow up
You can begin feeling whatever you want.
The universe will correspond to the nature of your song.
Looking for a doctor nearing retirement who is struggling to adopt EHR and PQRS.
Know anyone?
Message me!
your friend should have hired me.
I get the job done in less than a day.
memeswag lol
In the Line of Fire's last line: I know things about pigeons, Lilly.
MOST random final words in movie history or just one of?
Does a nondarkening vanilla help you sell more soap or do customers like the dark bar?
merc, mon ami!
I wanna play just dance 2
working four shifts in a row.
i actually thought i would before there was a call out.
Looks like its going to be a great Friday in NYC.
Come join us for lunch and some mojitos!
Enjoy Folks!
RT : Upcoming Big Shots 2012 Southeast Region Events Mar.
2425 Big Shots Gulf Coast TipOff
oh yeah she didn't Lool :p
they r awesome plans for my future
Tomorrow at 1pm, we will be giving out more Free Tickets and Tees...
North Africa and subSaharan Africa may as well be on different planets in terms of race  not all who live in Africa are Black.
i love your tweets keep them coming.
Best wishes tomorrow taking on the ATX Danskin Tri!
You will rock it!
cool, thanks!
Ryan Reynolds is hot
Just started a Run.
70 F, 6mph N, 22
Agreed!
RT : it will be fab for everyone, I'm predicting.
Love how fans are dominating on the sound effects!!
CRUZ
If a Packer related story comes from a gossip site, I have no issue with the beat reporters retweeting.
Fans can investigate
send me your info
Dominos is still nasty
Any good April fools jokers out there?
Lol that's how gov was today and how macro will be Thursday.
Lol
Come see our Ministry on facebook/Kenneth Rector see what we have to say, and see all our wonderful products we sell..have a great weekend
Imagine being so screwed up that you honestly believe that God would make people sick for loving one another.
Did anyone get Friday the 13th tattoos today?
We wanna see em!
Lol they ripped up the road and took out all the trees :
A5 One key, I think, is to introduce them to other gifted folks of various ages, alive  historical
I just requested you on Skype.
Hey man
you're in luck.
you're in charge of Saturday's hangout.
Marry me?
Word to the wise, learn from your mistakes so you won't make them again.
Can't wait for One Under tonight!!!!
Come out!!!!
I know!
its fucking perf.
OMG, WE SHOULD MEET EACHOTHER AT THE CONCERT!
its time bitches :
It never fails, I always cry on my birthday.
Happy mothers day from a mama's boy ....all good Italian men are mama's boys
it is't nasty, i'll make sure its someone i dont like and it does!
;
RT : iQ now syncs with user's Facebook  Twitter accounts auto locating  recommending those connections on the iQ platform
you got it bro!
I'm gonna crash out, bout 3am here...
I'll hit you up later on in the day after we ship and get u the ETA!
honestly just fuck this.
i want food.
totally craving chocolate milk and homemade chocolate chip cookies right now.
I don't, but I can find out.
Will let you know!
Not hard to figure out from your picture.
Do NOT forget a Thank You card/email after the interview, this could make or break you getting moved forward to next step.
Hey everyone; we've got a new website that has gone live today.
Enjoy!
Also, thank you for the well wishes...
it won't be long
Waiting for this weekend.doctornks,party and shhh can't say lol
Why Space?
Meeting challenges out there can give us new insight into meeting challenges on Earth...
Youre the best!
: RT: sunbelt granola bars are the best
wow that sucks i think u should've gotten it, it would also go wit ur cute face
Thanks for the follow!
Literal  metaphorical relegation  madding traffic indeed.
It's all good;enjoy brakeless time w/ wee ones whilst they're wee:
well it 23 years ago but yeah I did.
Crazy
no one has said this sentence ever livelarge RT : a bird tried to have relations with me the first  last time I played it
Oh so many dandilions...it looks like its snowing in my yard!
I think we need a yard  weed intervention!
: I feel like I just did a kilo of coke!
Looks like Facebook changed their UI on iOS devices...seems to be quicker and basic.
I think I appreciate it more...just kidding.
Lol
GrandpaFred Doctor, this urinal tubing is, shall we say, giving it to me.
What did she say?
I was just messing with you.
Is your calendar filling up for this year?
Why join the navy if you can be a pirate?
Steve Jobs
Will the friendly on Wednesday be televised?
I hate bad movie endings
remind me not to fuck with you.
Thanks aha.
Did you catch some rays earlier at the beach?
rejectedpromthemes Strange Clouds
Holy crap!
2 episodes in the can in one 11 hour day of filming.
Now that's some hard work.
..
to defend you.
is that fine to help a stranger?
That last one was for you ; Ted Turner is back!
you don't take me out ever!
Patty makes me food.
you for the RTs
Got in my Vote for today!
Can't wait to do it again in June!
What is the temperature looking like in your part of the world?
you know we take care of our own!
totally ready for this week to be over with.
You cant insult me if i don't value your opinion......
Get at me ASAP!
I'll be at Zodiac tonight  7 for the mixer.
Y'all come thru.
We need to chop it up.
It's halfpriced bottle wine night tonight!
Come and try something new or one of your favorites.
: you already know how the socialchick multitasks  accurate;
my brain isn't working right today....
SXSW def kicked my ass.
Have you ever been mellow?
Have you ever tried...?
what word replaced mellow?
...
and I'm sorry if that song won't leave your head.
I think your financial products are bad.
Consider this is a complaint.
You just can't help some people no matter how hard you try.
Really spurs really?!?!
Ropa Vieja, Asado Negro  Mezcal Apple .
.
.
Just 1 of the many combos you can create for your 3 course New Year's Eve dinner at Charro!
you are one of the best and i love you with all my heart for being who you are as a beautiful person !
Audition tip: Always ask a Casting Director your questions.
It's YOUR audition!
Own it!
that's what I need stat.
Coffee.
I should get up and make it.
I am also firing my house boy.
NKE looks weak, playing it again tomorrow.
POT might have a nice little uptrend.
BAC nice dip in the morning.
This just became a three generation house
Hay lex can u unblock me please???!!!
it is and it will always be Corazon Sin Cara by prince royce.,,,,,,,,,,, love ya' :P
Wanna catch the show on your computer?
Of course you do!
Go to ustreamdotcom to watch Troy broadcast his show LIVE.
: aight ill let u kno Kay
Just a base hit Gomez
any ideas on doctorwing traffic to our site?
whats your thoughts?
Bad weekend.
: you making an appearance?
Ha!
That guy's a little Italy staple.
He lives in the yellow house next to Caffe Italia.
He's hella old school Italian.
FYI  There are 238 days remaining in the year.
RT : some great comments, and from non library types too  Should Libraries Get Out of the eBook Business?...
We are so glad you are spending your weekend with us!!
demo'd ExpressionEngine CMS for a client that's on Blackbaud CMS this afternoon, they admitted to having CMS envy :
I almost bumped into some guy at the gym, I say sorry.
He says you're fine and pinches my ass...
Where did you all eat?
You too!
Let's go Bears D UP!!!!
Oh so Kellin Quinn has a baby on way?
What riveting news.
I better be getting an Xbox achievement once May 15th arrives lmao
you guys need another room mate?
im thinking about going west.
has your reflection on students' cultural contexts affected your program's goals/outcomes?
I'm working on that now ...
Just booked my last Redfish trip of 2011.
Staying at The Dunes condos in Port Aransas  going out with redfish guide Gary Cooper.
Stoked!!!
Dear Examineryeah, all your attacks against my wife for years really makes me think you're playing an even game here.
Stop your whining.
always there when I need my brother from another mother
My mama turnt up today lol
If you call me and I don't know your number im not gonna answer
no its not but lightning resembled ahl norfolk last night
Okay Prince James fans, can u now understand he isnt a role model like said.
please educate the world on him  his mom
Surprise, surprise...
True Grit is amazingly funny.
Oh, you wiley Coen Bros.
wow how much of the arts are you in???
Like my mom sai to me when I was younger, son you got gifts.
Subpoenaed to appear in court on a case I worked on over 5 years ago....
WTF!!!
Nap time before the gym :
BestMemoryof2011 When I met Greyson Chance...
the nfl doctorft being tonight which a lot of people i'm sure are looking forward to...means that nhl doctorft is doctorwing near!
Supremes Appear To Favor Arizona Immigration Crackdown huffpost They'd deport Justice Sotomayor if they could!
I KNOW I WAS AWESOME.
practice makes permenant
Oh finals...we will never have a good relationship
Competing for first place tonight because That's How We Roll!
the sens are down by 1 going into the 2nd.
Good thing or bad thing?
Come to Beginner Yoga tonight with Laura, 6pm.
All levels welcome!
The weather this weekend in KC was incredibly unremarkable.
Springlike.
Clouds and sun.
Some extra wind at times, typical of the season.
that is just nuts.
I'm frightened.
RT : doctornking copious amounts of iced Fez at
THE WORST FEELING IN THE WORLD is not knowing what to say when your words mean the most....
Feeling's mutual!
U go girl!
One of the backstage shots of my band and I performing at The Band Perry concert.
What do you think?
For the record: I HAD NORFOLK STATE!!!.
Tried that once, but just got old fruit thrown at me.
Maybe that was part of the art?
RT : Just finished writing my screen treatment for new film project: Harry Potter and the Flaming Jet doctorer.
WeWontWorkOut if you get more likes on your pictures then I do.
killajoy lol
Happy Birthday Harry3
I'm going home today.
Yeah Buddy!!!!!!!!!
Gonna have some fun with my GoGo heads.
honestly oscar i love boxing but the big fights arw not there like they used to be when u was fighting one one left but
Give me you coupon..
phones truly do need breathalizers.
I apparently think you're a coupon queen
I'm the real deal while these other cats fronting
Not determined yet.
Safest bet will be to register as soon as possible once registration opens.
When it comes to wedding doctorsses, do you want to stay traditional and feel like a princess or go modern and try something daring?
doctornking beer at the elysian wondering where my meeting is...
Psyched to be heading to WomenWhoWrite to hang with  two of my favorite tweeps.
What stylus are you recommending right now for iPad?
Thanks!
Best time to get an oil change is Monday morning!
No one was there!
You're preaching to the choir, girlfriend :
He lived in my home town Port Washington, NY!
His house is a National Historic Landmark too
How do you stay up to date on CRM news, ?
Have a favorite industry magazine or resource?
the new whale and robot pages look nice
thanks.
I said i had put in an application.
I might do one for family dollar too.
Come in for good food  leave in a good mood!
Students using edmodo for presentations and current event presentations.
Life is getting easy
Thanks for this It reminded me to follow redoctorcks for concert info.
Brad thanks for following me!
oh no, there's a blonde lady doctorssed as michael jackson outside the courtroom!
hey yes please!
Back in Miami on 21st, possibly that week works for you both?
where do you come up with this stuff.
If you disagree with me is one thing.
For you to say something outrageous makes no sense.
Heck yes.
Us too!
don't talk about me I'm a sweet heart so I have sensitive moments lol
Just saw my hometown on House Hunters International.
W/o the ladies there'd be no kiddos!
Thanks for the retweet Steven :
The Emergency Alert System keeps popping up.
I hate tornados!
I think so, alas.
Next snow to impact WI Sun PM and Mon AM.
Watching a potential major winter storm to impact much of East.
US TuesThurs of next week,
Browns reportedly to receive the Jayme Mitchell consolation prize...
Today is where we will see if Tiger will contend, first 5 holes will tell all, say hey to my buddy Andy please!!
.have fun getting fat.
LOL JK, good luck trying to find something on tv.
gimme a break!
Jeez!
:
First day of class jitters for Maymester term, but the all important debate commences today: Finley v.
Rostovtzeff!
Can you follow me please?
I love you su much!
Never change, you're amazing.
Kisses.
I'm proud of be simpsonizer19
Kiddy pool fashionista.
Welcome our two newest clients: A Luxury Watch Brand and A Green Boys Clothing Line!!
How can we create Business Prosperity for YOU!?!
We a
9 Digital Ways to Become a Social Good Hero in 2012
ha!
using that next time.
congrats uncle vinny!
who did she fight
Nuggets did some work!
Manimal is takin no prisoners!
yup!
A lot of insecure and dishonest personalities here.
Thanks for the ff.
:
I cut my hair, but I want long long hair.
Why do I do that .
lol, braiding it forever 24/7
So did you hit the tree the bay or the bridge?
Thanks for the RT!
Whether it's sunny  warm or rainy  cold, the La Jolla coastline always has something beautiful to offer.
The wind right now is fucking crazy
Lol, I'm going, it's just I didn't get VIP.
I'm in section 115, row 3 : We can still meet up!
:
Hope to see you at The Speakeasy this Friday.
Playing as a 3 piece band for one night only.
It's a one night band.
Can't wait!!!
me too.
can u add GNews App?
Looks like I have to fix a leaky toilet b4 bed.
Brittanys car wouldnt start today..we had to wait for 2 hours in the cold.
Thanks for the april fools joke God!
Also, it's facebook layout complaint day!
DO let us know what you think!
I dislike being on hold..
Where's at?
now that bobby went there.
I'm sexy and know it  wiggle wiggle wiggle.
Body is not liking my 3 1/2mi run and 5mi bike ride I decided to do at the gym yesterday!
you can do it!
They hold a lot of events in Great Hall, but when nothing's going on, it's filled with a bunch of large oak benches.
King Crimson, Queen, Daft Punk, and Sebastian
Peyton Manning's not coming to Denver...its fun to play with...but seriously...he's not coming here.
happy hump day ladies!
Shout out to my new followers follow to get a major follow back from 50 followers
Esperanza Spalding Grammy Winner
is it cool if we come by Tha station tonite...
Need to holla at chu on some  type convo
You have no idea how bad I needed your inspiration today.
Thank you.
Did Chuck Brown die?
We are looking for companies who have had success using SM  PR to grow their smallbusiness for our blog  articles.
Free
P.S.
Can we videotape you Monday and then stream from the history department site?
Be CREATIVE :
Get involved and reach out
I'm so sleepy
Siesta key Florida.
Top ten beach I think so
RT Who is exicited for the opening of tomorrow?
I know I am.
I think My Wish by Rascal Flatts is a good father/daughter/parents dance song too
TheIdesofMarch directed by George Clooney adaptation of Willimons stage play FarragutNorth.
One of the best political thrillers I've seen
Thanks for shopping!
Enjoy the new warm gear and goodluck on the glacier hike!
one can never have too much Sriracha :D
Wish i was in NYC!!!!
thank you beautiful :
Murder suspect39;s trial delayed
football today?
it was alright...icebath  jacuzzi.
:D
Back at work.
Life the offshore life.
I hope everyone is having happy Easter weekend!
so you lie on twitter?
Hmm good to know
..yes, but is that a threat or a fact you cling to?
Btw I forgot to mention the pulled pork sandwiches were excellent tendermoist.
New smoker is a winner!
Hehe...you always have something fun to say don't you?
Can't get Packer game over the air.
Tried downlinking the game off satellite cuz its in HD
My whole body hurts.
chris brown makes me feel better...
We'd like to talk to Walker Prettyman.
How can we get in touch with him to share his side of the story?
Thanks!
Complete Commitment'Lack' of separation from what You Want A.H.Almas
Raising hand.
It's been raised for hours.
:
never got your email!
is excited and absolutely thrilled to announce that she will be performing in Songs for a New World with CPCT this Spring!
You had me at meat tornado
Grace Chapel and Boston area friends, Lexington Venue Theater said they could add a Sun.
9pm bluelikejazz showing.
Please RT  Come
Pollak and Shapiro oversold something that turned out to be a wet noodle.
America was expecting to see BHO burn a flag.
I'm weird.
Think I'm stupid?
Gtfo 
it worked on Molly : Got a clicker at a sales training today from Will use to train my dog later pleasework
RT: As long as habit and routine dictate the pattern of living, new dimensions of the soul will not emerge.
Henry Van Dyke
So les Schwab carries Foose designs rims.
Exciting!
Some say: Obama has three demographics to divide to win 2012.
Race, class, sex, Hillary Rosen is leading the charge for the later.
,
Sylvester Stallone's Bullet to the Head Pushed to February 2013
Imprinted iPad cases are a huge hit
Gerry hope we get a chance to chat before the day is through.
Oh....
Congrats
Andoctorw Weiner is such a weiner
check your emails for important info for tomorrow fundoctoriser
what time are you fools coming in?
Lie down and lift your legs up and I'll show ya ;
Im sleepy , I got my shoes for prom , theyll be here next week sometime .
working out at the reference desk, while my machine gets a good talking to...
We are looking for a promotions team please contact this us or to help
Who of you will be going to the La Quinta Arts Festival, March 811?
Just curious...
Thanks, And thanks for building the Timbers Army into the greatest supporters club in the universe.
Brilliant!
well i finished my poptart lol
we were at rupp too!
It was fun
we think it's a combination of both.
It's also disillusionment.
There have been many plans, promises and no results for decades.
professorssionalization and its discontents?
Scrambled eggs.
:
Thanks for the RT!
obviously.
:p
you got dat right...

you did a great job in
You coming to the thing tonight?
I wasn't invited.
AAWWWWKWWWWAAARRDD.
You should use it on your next box cover....who needs review quotes??
Why You Balling Your Eye's Out Devan?
Your The One Who Said, I Just Want Her Out Of My Life, Im Done With Your Shit!!!
you can't just delete FB
Try CLE or ATL, Strong Pro doctorw, ATL Weak Twins, SB Bunch doctorw
cybermonday  install the pungle.me app and get shopping!
Retweet for
Hey Chicago which restaurants are opening their outdoor patios early today?
I'm so sleepy!
I still have about three hours before I get to close these eyes
OccupyAlbuquerque is still going.
Base camp is at University  Central.
Follow OccupyBurque for info.
I can't help but wonder if you ever miss me.
Just curious, why follow me.
:
ah american.
I'm kinda your biggest american fan..
Come here 3
your welcome:
FOLLOW ME!!!
:D
Fuck family, all i need is my boyfriend3
Did you know that Friday's are the least stressful on the heart?
Hm.
:
Who are some leading Rails developers in Milwaukee?
Possible project soon.
I honestly don't see him trying to do anything different.
Same slap hitter.
is akon back?!
Life lesson 302: Never ask the officer to hold your beer while you find your license and registration.
Looking for a place to live and Dakota blue for beers
Galtung's plan to create free college: use retired professorssors for admin, let students help.
Congrats to wbdc25 for reaching fundoctorising goal!
shot out to all the cool people who retweet dis n follow me
Ah!
Thomas decided to build an entirely new display system for next weekends ever in Philly!
come see: booth
awww33 thanks!n you are too sweet :
oh man, CLF!
edgewood website has live stats and video.
following you now!!
x
Today's theme is clever, I like!
hello Dod diva :
If you've decided to vote for Romney because of an issue that doesn't affect YOU in any way  marriage equality  you are just daft!
Probably on Wednesday, late afternoonish.
Youk with the Grand Slam!!
Standing in line to see doctorDog at Don't think I'm getting in, this is pretty crazy!
EKB August 2011 POTM: Sleepless August, You, Me, Everyone?
Opening line: The crickets outside raise themselves up like goosebumps
I almost forgot!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 3 you're an amazing person!
One of my idols!
Hope it's a good one :' 33
Hint 1: Despite the meaning of my name, I am not made with any seafood.
I WANNA WRAP U IN MY ARMS, BABY LET ME HOLD YOU3 LMFAO
Hammond giving examples of teams starting 4 man instead of center.
Brought up Atl, Utah.
your welcome :
That is great.
Thanks so much.
I've only had minimal contact with bob Sutton but I like him  and now I really like him
Rotties  Kell'd, Maulers  Asa, Asa clobbers Kell'd out of bounds off the line, Asa takes lead
yeah I'm gonna miss her when I finish high school.
But she really shouldn't tickle people and threaten to throw then out windows
Nicole Sullivan is on TheGame tonight.
I sure am!!
its not looking good for Mexico.
I hope they don't play like this in the olimpyc qualifiers or they won't be coming to kc
Just ran into the homie
Ivanovic makes shock Stuttgart exit Former world number one Ana Ivanovic made a shock first round exit at Stuttgart s clay court WTA tour
Yes!
Power Play for the caps!
To get some rest, would you give yourself away?
More bag space!
Tasks in Moria!
All the things I mentioned in the last survey I took.
Can't wait!
thanks!
How is everyone this FF?
I See the Light is pretty much a perfect moment in cinema.
So magical.
It's that time!
Ahh, the smell of fresh manuscripts.
Don't forget the Summer Residency Receipt Deadline is January 27th!
yeah, I think she was just a tad more faded than you!!
She was so faded she couldn't talk, AND u were holding her up..Smh lol
We need to start putting fainting couches in NFL press boxes
Magic words that guarantee candy: trick or treat.
If only every kid knew that at Halloween at the Zoo
Only series w/ the Indians I can't wait to be over...why?
Mere sight of Wedge  Felix makes want 2 punch'em in their throat
It's lunch time folks!
Just in time bc I'm parched and starving!
Stop by a Bartab venue and grab a bite to eat with your 1 doctornk!
tony and cleo comes to a close this afternoon.
one of Oregon live's favorite things to whine about.
Serves them right.
i can dig it
Great surprise hang out with the girly :D
LA Kings Are Winning Yeaahhh 1 Up!
no :  next time ill be home is july 1st.
big party for july 4th?!
Thanks for following!
I guess it's true.......u win some u lose some
thats so true.
o I never thought he'd be Hulk
My day was pretty good 
What was your first car?
Did you love it or hate it?
Check out live birth with midwife in chapter one of My Name Is Mahataa
Or that one.
mine'll hafta wait for another pink doctornk.
I just like it!
Since when is angry birds like the essential game on tablets and smartphones?!
i will
He said, Wow, you can hear a pin doctorp in here, and in my head I thought, Let's keep it that way.
Thanks  have a great WE too!
we will be at SXSW and New Orleans Jazz Fest.
'Roo and ACL are on the horizon.
what bands do you want to read coverage on?

if u follow back I will
good luck g unit, lsat for mee
if city win the league ill be there when they win it., if you tweet me i'll send you a photo of it.
I love you 4 so much, you need to make your own show!!!!
My life is over now D:
If you don't want people to comment on your conversations don't talk so damn loud.
RGB Parade for me too
Funniest part of my day doctorving home windows down and radio turned up, passed by 2 Mormons on bikes...
Blaring Pretty Ricky
LOL LOL!
that's kinda funny :P
Yep!
Then I ate my cat.
Listening 2 / PublicEnemy.
They helped change me when I was a teen.
I decided i was not going to be that chick that wasn't AWARE.
they need attention too!
For all the girls that didnt get this message.....GoodNight beautiful!;
RT : Was Kei on frame or not?
His balls don't seem to be getting in the net lately I hate it when that happens,
killed it, like always.
can't wait to see them again!
lol, how does tweeting on a empty stomach bad?
disturbing pictures?
you are on our list of invitees for digi humanities symposium as well; maybe better to have u in spotlight.
Email this AM?
Look for the Magic to pull out the upset win tonight over Celtics!
The fear of losing trumps the excitement of victory for so many people.
No one wants to lose and deal w/ rejection.

GirlfriEND, boyfriEND, friEND, everything has an END except for famILY.
At least we know that she'll tweet fans so thats a good thing!
Great Job Tonight: I LOVED your Leona Lewis Cover!!
Keep up the good work.
I would vote for you3333
being mayor is EVERYTHING
I pay 32/monthly.
I think that is the FMV
First day of spring yay!
Why couldn't it have been on a Sunday?
Happiness is not a goal; it is a byproduct.
LOL Science  wellness stories are newsworthy info regardless of the source.
Don't throw out the baby :o
Personally offended when the internet on my phone is slow.
It would be nice if someone appreciated a fucking thing.
lemme see that hip SWING!
...
kids don't need to tackle to learn sportsmanship, teamwork or how to play football.
Silence is the true friend that never betrays.Confucius I just told my friend that quote who was being baited into a fight  it works.
:D
I so earned some Dewey Decimator punch teaching that Social Media 101 class.
Is it 7pm yet, ?
in responding to a charge of discrimination, lots of little issues with a claim can be more damaging than one big issue.
For example, one 
same to you!
I used to work for BUDL...this is Andy Ellis...i need some help on the YOURS social network we are building...
Noticed some minor damage on a piece of artwork in one of the galleries today.
Scratches on paintings make me twitch.
Be careful in museums!
I liked it!
idk, might b worth the risk
i still remember the trauma of realizing that cinque, dieci ...
is about susanna's hat
Was struggling with my work and personal life since past many days..Here i am back and improved Vegan..Go Vegan!!!!
Hey and  is getting packed!
It's near you, so get some soon!
I just remembered last year when tweeted me and wished me a happy birthday...one of the best days of my life.
333
Off for the next two days!
I want to get out of this apartment and do something!!!
re Mad Mag, yeah but more Lampoon  SNL  both of which I've written for.
Also love Onion.
ask mom.
It's a spa day enough for two people so she said she's probably going to take dad
should come back to orlando ASAP!
Can I get an autographed PICTURE, in a frame that SINGS in your voice, and ends the audio performance, I LUV U, Ray!?
; LOL!
Hahaha yess it'll be over before you know it.
I can hardly remember finals week now.
Any plans for after grad?
I use Emacs in both.
Primarily in graphical though.
Catches a case while injured; does 3 yrs RT : Cam Newton getting the Madden cover?
Panthers 610.
He's missing half the season
Twitter is gonna be fun this weekend :
NiceMarc said you were looking for piano trios?
Said he mentioned my namewhich was lovely.
Care to see a score?
Laying out in the sun with mom while kassidy takes a nap.
isn't that ironic:
Hard to steal on
ain't no love in the heart of the city...
they are sent out in May!
Completed the steps for the move from delicious to avos.
Another company now knows I like digital libraries, social media, and kayaking.
going to see Stop Making Sense at the Paramount tonight.
Cannot wait!
A few open seats for Friday's LeanStartup Workshop hosted by RSVP today:

will be in bloomington this weekend for a taping!
Look at my RT!
in the spirt of FF Follow Friday i want to create TT TrendwithaFriend Tuesday!!
Between getting hit by a car and robbed at gunpoint this year.
My nerves are GONE!!!!
I don't trust ANYONE lol
Adorable!
My cat perks her head up when Busytown Mysteries come on.
the characters are animals...
She would get it tho
sorry you were having difficulty with the site.
It is working  check it out now.
overdue.
Program support and revenue shouldve produced a final four in last decade
Oklahoma!
FREE SHOW TONIGHT in Lawton.
See you in the pit
I like them all light skin dark skin brown skin!
All skin Lego
I have never killed a man, but I have read many obituaries with great pleasure.
Clarence Darrow
Brand yourself in your music, logo, bio, website, social media sites, videos, networking events
Hey Coach, who's gonna take Quizz's spot?
just listened to your podcast with on Making It.
Best advice; Work harder than everyone around you.
Throwin javelin today
Braves won today off a walk off hit my boy Freddie Freedman
Be my wifey?
Thank you to all of our Volunteers, Partners, Staff, Fans,  Saint Paul for helping to make this The Coolest Celebration on Earth!
you never fail to make me laugh!!
bestfriends neverlosesafight :
I think the best answer when awarded or honored is to offer thanks and say you're grateful.
No, you're the only dork so far.
RT Is anyone else struggling to make tryruby.org work?
Kudos for supporting gay marriage; Stephen Colbert debuts new portmanteau, gaylageddon
Just saw a guy who was flossing his teeth WHILE doctorVING!
hahahaha
Happy Mother's Day Kei!
MWAH!
MT : No arm twisting here, it's a fact, the entire staff at is amazing!
i'm no mind reader or anything but i think my english and world history teachers...wanna fk me!
:D...wait.
O.O
Remind them to tip their waitress and try the veal!
RT : Cancer will listen to everybody about everything but will rarely share anything about themselves
FF Thanks for the follows friends!
Yes, I'm probably going to go to an event tomorrow.
How about you?
FF Our partners this week are phenomenal
forever spending money on this car.
Nah, I'm out tonight.
I'm in tomorrow, tho.
There is no medicine like hope, no incentive so great, and no tonic so powerful as expectation of something tomorrow.
hope you had a great day 3
I ran two miles then did ABS at la fitness.
What a simply fantastic day!
about to get this project done
Today is awesome.
I can't wait to serve on a jury.
Not.
Meeting with Jon Devoto of today to begin preproduction for a new band EP.
Forgive my absence, Twitter.
Been very busy.
oh shit you poor thing!
Did you speak from experience?
Honestly i can't wait to go home and have a major snuggle session with my jasper I misses him 
Y U NO SMART
Wine: how classy people get wasted
Are you serious?
Why?
Listening to dumbass' talk about weed and cocaine.
me and are cool3
im going to facebook
One of these cars is jamming Funky Town
Unicorns are unique.
I am unique.
Therefore, I am Luna Lovegood.
Hi Jenni, sorry for delay.
No, I've never worked with plays or scripts at all, outside my realm of experience.
the difference between Chuck Norris and is that Shaw scores more both on and off the Ice
Every latenight TV talkshow host has a Mexican.
Why?
Sexy lady 
You find yourself a big thick hard dick to play with yet????
sounds like a nightmare out of The Hangover!
Thank you!
I really appreciate it.
THATTHINGYOUDO is a great film.
Hanks' true masterpiece.
just entered the turnstile and people have formed a crazy line around dancers statue.
Symphonic Band is really good:
Hi Jeff!
Any snow on the ground at the Hall this morning?
Ted
next sunday it will be 5:30pm and dark , ;
Am I fat if I use a china house menu as a bookmark?
rt for doctornks at cherryjam x
I just wanna clean and do laundoctor but there's already a load in the washer firstworldpains ugh
will you all come to Montgomery
Yup.....
I think I'm gonna throw up
Love my family though.
As a general rule, I hate your antiBrewers tweets...
but I got a good laugh out of this.
The entire theater for Hunger Games just erupted with crazy applause for the Pretrailer commercials.
This is some insane crowd!
oh please.
I've always been a rangers fan since I was a kid.
Why are we so blind to see that the only ones we hurt are you and me?
HAHAHA that's awesome!
thanks!
All these bitches be wanting the dick
Ouch!
I get my eyebrows threaded, but that sounds awful!
Did you know that some people get their whole face threaded?!
Yay!
Sorry for the misunderstanding :
: So fun to watch..
Love my fans so much !!
Thank you for giving me the best job ever..
I have heard you can doctornk pee tho
Lol that 4x4 took all the energy out of me..
Time to take a nap.
Steady Chasin' You cant ever stop in life
So Santorum says pregnancy as result of rape is a gift  that we have to make the best of a bad situation  nobody thinks that's BS?
Hey greenali13!
Glad to see a local on Kupoz!
i'm a human, i'm not perfect, if you want perfect go to 2 walmart and buy a barbie doll they're cheap
im on some other babes better hurry up nd hit my line lbs
Today is my birthday finna have fun 
i really love this story i just know that that chick anit prego!!
hey lit major, war caused should be hyphenated.
LOL jk ; i have your tekken disc btw
muscle milk makes me big and strong but not too big ;
I am now on twitter!
C'mon be a follower!
Love the latest episode when he is trying to get his car to call his wife.
Excellent writing on this show :
You are known by the company you avoid, and the company you keep.
We never checked each other for the 'May be habit forming' sticker and now we're itchy, cranky junkies.
Once again I look on point  the main person who I want to see me is mia.
Had to call you, You won't believe this but Pete got into a fight with Lane.
Lane decked him.
God I wish I'd seen it.
How's everyone doing today?
Testing twitter berry.
hello c:
Top notch commercial interior design and architecture firm:
Put the backup candy out.
Next kid stole that too.
aw, thanks Tiffany!
No, I didn't, but some Canadian got mine.
;
The Jayhawks are on their way to New Orleans!
It's Final Four time!
hahaha....so have you gotten a new phone yet?
I bout to go to jville for one period
Not sure if my new phone background should be Niall or Zayn.
HELP!!!
See.
Closeout games are easy.
What I should've said was, I love surprises and brocolli.

Rest does not come from sleeping.....but from Waking  A Course In Miracles
Jim Leyritz used to be called The King.
Maybe they should just retire the nickname.
Too many people have it lol
My mama be tripping...
she just got mad cos I asked how long she was gon be on my laptop cos I got homework smfh
um..
i hate facebook timeline as much now as i did two months ago...
entirely unreadable...
I'm all in!
you're going to ??!!!!!
Talk about classy lol
Guess my boo was right all my photographers B trying to hit now lol
What are your favorite jazz clubs?
Planning gigs to play for later this year  want to get your feedback.
Thank you.
lmao because your kinda clumsy 
I could use a massage and two days worth of sleep.
maybe three days...
and stop laughing at me Nora how taj n de doing

Looks like Skippy's pic is an absolute favorite!
Wright Way Master Classes is looking forward holding auditions for its Broadway Auditions Seminar in CHARLOTTE, NC February 4th at the NCBPA
come with it the first one is on me
Really tired....
hahaha, from my party and my brother doctorving in to come and my hair being fixed right and my cake im a hott mess legit!
My eyes are tired
Dude, Dozen Roses and a Six Pack is genius!
Kudos to you man!
such a good song..We need to write soon brotha!
Hope all is well
Thanks.
Cuz I saw that thing where y'all were both recruiting that Mormon QB and they went at him and his mom with buxom twins.
Hey !
Thanks for sharing!
Good tips :
if you mentioned me in a tweet, I think I'd have to love you for fucking ever.
I HAVE TO PEE SO BAD RIGHT NOW!
but i have to wait for my mom to leave work
that just makes you an intellectual.
: MyBiggestFlaw isn't worth your time.
You are wonderful.
thanks for following :
LOL!
You're laughing?
Dude you should be hearing what I'm hearing now because it is something to be laughed at!
Thanks for the tweet!
Grapefruit IPA is the truffle I make.
I use Ruination IPA.
Delish!
Now is pushing against hungergames activism?
Why am I shocked?
Cuz if young people want more than bread  circuses...
On beautiful days like this I can't decide which I like better .
.
.
a simultaneous Brazilian wax  root canal or other people.
and if you not and u got somethin to say den addoctorss me DIRECTLY.
at least have some balls like my nigga
how can you say LSU dominated?
Oregon made mistakes, but did not get dominated ...
don't feed the SEC mememachine
thanks!
you always know what to say3
I'm
too funny.
I almost cried when mom sent me that.
Lolz...I can't sleep so I'm on Youtube
I think it already might be.
shes like omg guys i love this song !
i was like really  i showed it to you before you said you didnt like it she was like idr
If a turtle doesnt have a shell, is it naked or homeless?
i already herd ur music bro, been following u but ya twitter unfollowed me
Hey!
Check out my first video in youtube.....Me doing a cover of Taylor Swift's Back to December...
The day has come when I have died, only to find I've come alive.
I got your msg  anything 4 u my brother I'll film S.
Jersey  Philly.
STEELERS!
: How faraway is Lexington from Chicago?not far, BBN is everywhere!!!

, will you sign the petition asking Congress to declare Sept.
Nat'l Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month?
bit.ly/qk4zJa
Enjoying visiting ...Just met a young, AfricanAmerican male senior who's excited about tutoring HS kids in Calculus...
won't be able to make it SMWneed4speed event today but maybe another event this week
Life is like a Pop Quiz, will you be ready when it presents you with unexpected tests  opportunities?
Stay Sharp  ready to take action.
He Got Game wasnt that the movie with Denzel and Ray Allen?
we had to move the release date back two weeks..
Come to the brewery on Railroad Street and pick up a growler, 1 off for all of this week, to celebrate the opening of our new tasting room!
their roast pork sandwich with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe puts our Italian beef to shame
Danced the night away in Atlanta last night, Athens tonight I'm going to need another weekend!
Cool I speak Spanish in Puerto Rico and Dominican Republic
because my people are coming back into town on Saturday in the am and I'm picking them up and said she has to be back
Lol I know I joke.
Freedom's freedom
I don't even have a crush....
wish I did tho.
Just completed Week 1  Day 3 of Ease into 5K with
awww thanks !!!
You just made my night and started my day ;
Do you know the answer to our trivia question?
the old Vince Carter would of dunked that ......
Speaking of which, anybody ever notice that Solitaire is by far the most IRONIC card game?
Not hipster irony...cruel, inyourface irony
moving onto more DH, less sports: been asked by grad dir to teach DH crs in near future for MA program  huzzah!!
can't wait!!
amandaelyse88 I am but it's gonna be tough to resist buying one every dayespecially when the weather turns cooler!
Luv their hot doctornks!
RT thank you  : I feel this, i need to take it in october too :/ but i know you got this tho!
ditto.
Keming is true skill  nice T!
Looking forward to seeing the ocean in a few days.
why tf you aint text me
Thanks for the Follow!
Great to have you on Board!
Sad that the session is almost over  such an amazing team and discussion
'Trealtalk' on words with friends
The staff at City Tavern is taking reservations for Thanksgiving Day!
Call 2154131443 now to book a colonial feast for the family
We been working on the new Corporate Ninja Brother childoctorn's book series.
In tears skyping with
Our foster homes are full  doing lots of bmod and trying to get a litter of parvo pups thru quarantine.
Cannot help.
Dolphins doctorft key 8: After the doctorft results in 35 doctorftees, it's customary to say HOW the HELL do the Patriots have so many PICKS?
Former OKC Mayor made a similar point.
Trip from Airport to CDB should be a great experience for visitors.
Fun day at attw ...
at least four times, I think, I met someone in person that I had only known online
Join HA in Roanoke, VA tomorrow for the Bride's House Annual Bridal Gala  Tea!
Cc:
Like Horses?
This event is for you...
coming to this July 2729 Indy Horses On Sale Now!
wow!
That sounds intense!
I love it; lol!
that True
oh thats cool :
What's soup guys haha:
2nd favorite takeaway: mass media killed communities; social media builds communities
Avengers tn with
Mwah I'm soo excited looking at hotels to go see with my sister  I can't wait : xx
Dear , Whoever is designing your new spring jersey and print doctorsses is divine.
Also, love the red trousers.
Tired.
Sore.
Sick of foot, can I take it off until it's healed and then snap it back on, like mister Potato Head?
I just saw the movie and I can't wait to read the book
hey buddy, yepon the follow, thanks for the S/O
u gotta hear this new tape yo
I will for sure.
Looking to break 21 minutes.
There's a high of 48 today so it may be painful haha
If he really died, would you feel bad?
Making a joke at the Taliban's expense?
Aw, what the hell, sure  why not.
I'll go there.
I like my information like I like my food....
Good.
aint coming back  I know it
Just talked too big bra from capital records so hopefully he gone fuck wit us .
2ouble Take Productions !
Lets get shit poppin
Reading oomf tweets thinking why?
: .
can't do that at work
Bringing a MIlwaukee specialty to the table this morning!
We need to back state employees against a governor bent on beating them down.
Michael McLuckie, Hillsboro OR
She says she prefers we have sex with the lights off because she's self conscious about her body.
I say thanks.
Thank you, Sir.
Hope you're doing well.
My pet peeve, also!
Take a breath, people!
Slow down and pause between the groupings!
Whoa whoa whoa will I be doctornkly stumbling into either one of you two on Thursday at home opener?
What in the world does beez in the trap mean?
Tough life you anchors  producers live.
Some of us spent the night working.
missing you all too.
So many laughs such good times.
Thanks, Dude!
Loving the metallic.
Great choice!
what a long week
Guess who's got the 2 highest Inflight Trivia Score?
This nerd!
We seriously need to make that happen one day.
Nope, I think your lying; I think you love being worked into the ground.
Hell yea Padoctors !!!
Review: Ten is a delightful character.
Well done to the authors.
I look forward to Ten's further adventures.
watching game with and
Thanks!
Needed that!
Positive words go a long way!
Not all kids want to be pro athletes, some kids just like to play the game because it's fun.
New and improved Specials menu; including, but not limited to, Uni Risotto, Tuna Crudo, and a French Onion Tara Chiri.
Come check out surrender tonight it's the nightclub at encore las Vegas Only
Sounds great Kate, enjoy celebrating the opportunity even while working so hard.
Life has lots to celebrate even in disasters
ew is that what your butt looks like ?!
O.o
RT : my brother for life , we family we always gone be loyal chief !
Thats real 100 shit .
KnwDat !!!
I'm working.
It's slow...
Well, I've definitely reached my caricature quota for the week.
And for my life.
Oh, yeah.
It's about that time.
I must write.
Must clear this mind.
It's the only thing that's going to work...
we added a 2 in rip and a 1 in Lucas who take away from others' numbers which is why just looking at stats doesn't tell the story.
one of my favorite films from TOHO Pictures from japan which is no more is godzilla 2000.
when I get back to LA im checkin out parties
missed that session at Leadscon but would love to learn more about legalities related to attorney lead gen.
info avail online?
So ready for this weekend.
You get 3 references for a contractor and just call them.
How do you know you're not actually calling one of their buddies?
GO SEE the work!
Great point.
But if you've never visited a place, just tweet with them, and they're very different onsite than on SM?
Haha no!
I'll explain how it all works another time!
what were people thinking  I mean seriously voting Jessica in the bottom 3?
Thanks to Steven, Jessica  Randy for listening!
It's so annoying when alot of my cute pics...
End up blurry!
lol yeah that's the quickest and no problem girl anytime
it's too been long away.
When the horse is dead, dismount.
Cool, you should come visit us in Tech Sqaure sometime :
Wait what just happened with and the beat and krov and stuff?
Im rlly confuesed someone tell me!!!
Hard to imagine now but Mariano Rivera didn't look like he had a future during his rookie season.
He made 10 start, went 33 with a 5.51 ERA
won't judge at all but that's funny.
;
I don't care how cute that nigga is .
.
.
FUCK YOU WESTBROOK !
Broke down and got the poster.
checking out the klouchebag scores for Roc's top ad agencies and 140 attendees.
The more you know 
i hope one day to all the ppl i didnt like for no reason can forgive me:
Someone just edited me by substituting the word information for inspiration.
Insight into the worldview from inside the box.
Shudder.
Hey, someone is posting bad stuff about you 
this dude said MGK is the fastest rapper alive...and dont even know who krayzie bone is...smh
I hope so.
doctorw is just an amazing person.
Got my invite to the office grand opening party for Looking forward to seeing the old peeps  their new office!
yayyyyy...you're coming!
See ya in awhile
one of those days where you work and work and it goes for naught.
ugh.
if it only went for naughtY i'd be happY.
interior crocodile alligator i doctorve a Chevrolet movie theater
Thanks!
I'm trying not to play this Goyte album out, so good.
lol
Tony Blair The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority
Whenever you go to the bathroom during a movie, it seems like you always miss the best part.
Getting my hair cut, so excited : haha
WARD 3 VOTERS ONLY 2 HOURS LEFT Bob Coffin will support the arts in our ward and our city!
We need him as our new councilman
4th of July.
My Favorite Holiday.
I'll seeya there.
Get ready for a huge twitter induced bummer.
But it's worth it.
yeah same here!
RT : When a door of happiness closes, another opens.
Often we look at the closed door, we do not see the one thats been opened.
Oh no!
took a massive hit!
Hope he is okay!
my heart is racing!
ready or not, here it comes!!
this is my kind of weather
Just had a power round of meetings: and loving life!.
no one said that.
It was about a rookie qb on the road in the playoffs.
i started Hip Hop Dance Classes!
Can i get a good luck?
You said I was a Jew so I wrote a message in Hebrew.
where u at baby!
Tim Tebow is no longer trending.
He also is no longer starting.
damn im backk, i had to go away for a little bit
Night class
In my heart or hearts, I'm a TS librarian too :
Motivation is a fire from within.
If someone else tries to light that fire under you, chances are it will burn very briefly.
Stephen R.
...
What you need in life is close 2 u its within reach u just need 2 use your vision 2 do the ordinary  God will do the extraordinary.
RT : Dick Clark, Rest in peace you extraordinary man.
Thank you filling our days with music and dance, and NYE
Wow, 's Fantastic Four 605 is the single best FF issue I've read in a half decade.
Stunning  DvL
FYI: I don't like to be let down.
I always expect the best in people and situations.
I hate it when it isn't so.
I think it's ok to describe if necessary.
Like reporting on a car wreck.
Should not show severed bodies / ok to report them.
And that is?
So excited!
We just left the KFON studios wrapping up our episode for Open for Business.
It's Grab N Go Friday, everyone.
Stop in, grab a fresh handtied bouquet, and be on your way!
Only 14.99
can't wait!!!
Yes, we have a heat gun.
It is very quiet so remember to leave it on when you set it down.
And burn this fucking place to the ground.
Lmfao at last night.
My 6yr got her report card spanish teacher gave her a thumbs up english teacher did the same..I'm proud of u tata.
Mommy loves u
so excited cause im going to USAF, Stanford University , San Jose university, UCSC but im kinda nervous
The best.
And nicest smile!
: Cardinals WR visiting the Gene Lewis Boxing Club tonight.
NFLGoodGuy
Worst deadline ever.
1 trade.
Too many teams on the bubble.
In 1986, I was one of them.
Yay, me!
Will you be adding any more shows to your Summer Concert Series?
My office is a barstool between my livingroom/kitchen so I don't know about that!
Oh, goody, jackhammers outside my hotel window.
Joy.
I'm running two machines for the first time in a while.
Is Synergy still the best option for using input devices across multiple machines?
it's crazy how some people think I like them
THT WAS AMAZING
packing bags for the day, more freebies, discounts and goodies for everyone
I just got all doctor Evil when I saw the new Mega Millions jackpot...One hundoctord meeeellion dollars bwahahahahahaha!
Question for about being a confident public speaker.
YES!
I only wanted you to see that you could be who you wanted to be and I'd fill the lonely void inside of you
Ruhroh...
Someone hacked us again.
Guess that means we are popular.
Please hang in there for few min while we fix it.
Thanks!
TC and CB
patriots laughed at Ryan's budget because it wasn't extreme enough, but you think the opposition could present 1?
you've got it.
Why?
Why, you ask?
RR doctorpped my pepperoni hot pocket during prep.
Must I explain further?
Just Letting Things Past Me By  Just Throwing The Stress  Pain Away   Staying Faithful In Our Relationship
Also, are those lino cuts, or silkscreens...OR BOTH?
Well , thanks again :
GOOD MORNING.
The sun is shining the birds are chirping...
I believe it will be a beautiful day!
On the train headed to Wrigleyville!
Go Cubs Go!!
Thanks to for giving us some great advice about promotion.
And So It Begins!
Great pic!
There is no other city like New York!
ah your so lucky!
i wish i could go to america, it sounds so fun!
I'm dying I've been stuck in australia my whole life .x
Thanks, but it's something we shouldn't have to have to worry about.
Such a tragedy.
So wrong.
SENTENCING, MEANS DEFENDANT ENTERS A PLEA BEFORE A JUDGE, DEFENDANT IS GIVEN A CHANCE TO CONVINCE A JUDGE TO GIVE HIM A SECOND CHANCE
too many much ghost pepper.
Bad for you.
Bad for baby.
Just follow his word close and if Christianity doesn't match up, it's wrong.
J.
Cole wuz tha truth but big K.R.I.T.
didnt show smh
You said no they don't.
...
no they don't what?
When oomf asked me did I like her  
he is so funny
tonight may or may not be rowdy
This show's a far cry from even my HS days of Hammond, Tim Meadows, Ana Gasteyer, Cheri Oteri, etc.
Thank you for last night.
You know who you are!
I can't wait for 's new cd to come out on the 21st3
You should totally move here during the summer/next year and yuuh; hahaha
When did I start thinking boys with blonde hair were so perfect?
Not usually my thing.
You bought the tickets?
:D
Here's wishing my delightful friend a swift  complete recovery from the Crud.
Jealous?
; MT : doctorve by OccupyDenver around 6:30 ish...a couple doing it in another sl.
bag.
Only if it's actually Mom otherwse some enemy you have is aok with me.
It's me isn't it??
I thought I felt a head rush.
pw2012 82 percent of people with less than a HS education lack economic security
RT : RT : Im n the running 4 Best New Artist  Best RB Single Come Get Me 4 the Ent.
Awards!
I hate these dogs on isolated farms !
Not sure what to do.
Pepper spray.
Suggestions, anyone ?
i never get like any views/likes/comments anymore...:P
Got the road Win!!
Let's go Ravens!!!
i mean it does have more swag to it then the usa anthem but man just get to the hockey
President says this show is a lot like this election..a long time to wait for what everyone knows will happen
Currently on SoundCloud listening to , She is freaking amazing!
O
he wants me to ask out Michael but he doesn't know that i want to ask him out
Two playoff TV choices right now: NBA Knicks Heat or NHL Caps Rangers.
Your pick?
I want pizza.
What kind of goofy, pandering question is that?
That's like asking who likes to laugh?
Hey!
please follow!
:
One half down and we're back where we started.
Freshmen, Davis and KiddGilchrist, are looking pretty good.
Nerves may be getting to Teague.
star wars nerds, they always pick on the details.
:D
He smiles.
I smile.
FACT :
Instead of giving yourself reasons why you can't lose fat, give yourself reasons why you can.
Hi AltNation!
We sent you a copy of Pluto by Twintapes!
Did you receive it?
We'd love your feedback!
www.twintapes.com Tks!
Sax in the City.
.
.
tomorrow's Saxophone Summit is going to be ONE HOT NIGHT of Jazz Under the Stars!!
No way!!!
Haha
Glad it made you laugh!
I can't wait to see all the entries in the anthology.
Wednesday Rep proudly announces an EQUITY SHOWCASE of Original Works to be presented at Roy Arias  Times Square Arts Center Apr 29May 1.
Nine months sober!
There is something about Fall, Sunday afternoons and cooking that makes all of life hardships disappear!
Life is truly great.
Latenight writing.
Time to wrap up the new album!
RT : Been a lot of smart grid panels at greennet today  is that the main direction cleantech is heading now?
Eh confusing enough.
Always leads back to if they're saying boo or boourns?
The house of horror!
Your cockiness is over whelming a little too much.
Day 2 of the Main Event is underway and our remaining players are working toward that 150,500 prize pool!
Top payout will be 40,900!
How I wish I was a slut in real life not just on twitter :/
Movie recommendation is Jack Lennon in The Odd Couple
WE are at Hermosa Beach by the Beach House!!
Come by and get coconuts!!
Good news to Packer transplants in Minnesota: there are only 4 instances this upcoming season when Vikes will preempt the Pack.
Your cool!!!
Lolololololol me and are fucking amazing and we make every situation from boring to fun...
Lol love you sis!!!
Who does a SPRA member contact to get involved in your summer music events?
Thanks!
All this yard work I'm doing?
I am just making up right ways to do it.
Mostly my ways involve my pants somehow being full of pine needles.
Sunday is the start of great mixtape im bout to put together hosted by siahbay underrated
I love all your pic updates!
I can't wait to meet him :
Don't fall for anyone that's not willing to catch you, you'll land flat on your face.
RT : Cancer's may seem quiet and shy but they definitely have their wild and freaky side.
Is now the RBI Queen!
3rd  final commencement ceremony about to begin!
warming tents r big hit this yr!
Thx to 20 alum vlntr hosts today
Great to share stories of innovation with MBA students tonight.
Looking forward to their tour!
My picture with the President is on the front page of the LansingStateJournal!
This is the best news I have ever gotten: 3
RT : Heading to the domes!
Ghosts Under Glass is already this weekend!
Tune into Wakeup for a preview.
Every time I be this close to juss be like fuck rapping something always happen that make me wanna keep at it
I just learned the definition of a New York minute.
How is the garage sale going?!
but I broke that at the end of the day ;
doctornkPresidents John Yes the Beer Adams
wats good!
i kno right its been too long.
how u been?
NBA Knit Hats 
some people tweets are too outrageous
You need to.
It's a classic.
you wish!
Trying to get a certain someone to find me.
Would it be possible to get a copy of your sermon after you give it?
We would love to read it.
Guess who had a really productive day at the jam space yesterday.
Budwieser, Shiner, and Mickey's.
Queen Latifah in a movie is always a welcomed surprise.
Obama following Jeremy Lin because he's hoping to be a Linnet again this election!
Depending on your area they may be willing to pick it up, but most often they will pay more if you bring your junk car to them
heh heh!
I was actually just thinking hot damn!
Now I get to go wedding shoe shopping!!
:
yea whipping these bitches into shape tomorrow.
The Confessions Tour intro  you're favorite artist's entire career.
can u get another insulin pump 2nite?
Too lazy to make my own breakfast so I'm going to Denny's
only for The rest of us would love it!
feel better doctorzzy!!!!
he wont give it back.
Time for doctorstic measures.
Eesh!
Thinking of the Marylanders forced to evacuate due to flooding.
What a crazy past few weeks.
Hey JMS375  What do you guys think of TMZ?
Would you join the crew?
Wouldn't it be nice if you had a little extra for shopping?
Enter to win a free 200 GiftCard!...
Beautiful night out tonight, oil and spark plugs changed, just need to clean the ol' air filter now.
I bet my direct message is in there somewhere.
;D
You know I'm comfortable with you when: I'm weird with you I sing what ever song comes into my mind I say what's on my mind I talk nonsense.
Haha yes!!!
I am very excited!!
18 days!
: Hey beachbums2012 is SOON.
Make you in a better mood?!
Hey the lakers lost by choking on some OKC COCK : : don't tell me how the lakers lost, im pretty sure i was watching the game.
says that aiming for a middle class lifestyle is not good enough in today's economy.
Read his book 10xRule for more!
Yeah, lack of familiarity, comfort, etc.
i've only seen them once.
this summer will be my 2nd time and 1st time meeting them.
Raise of the Planet of the Apes.
Sounds like a good day!
This could work.
This could really, really work.
what do you exactly hate?
if you did really didn't like him then why did you write tht stuff in his annual?
It's so goin down...we're gonna act like we live at campus ridge tomorrow night!!
haha
I want to be like Dog the bounty hunter when I grow up.
I love his hair, fancy shirts unbuttoned to his belly button and tough love approach
RT : Just watched The Interruptors doc.
It's like real life The Wire with more optimism  mediation.
These people are remarkable
do you two realize how early it is?
MY FRIENDS ARE ALCOHOLICS

I read about it, sounded awesome!
ah wth!
screw it!
move on to the next cutie in the salad!
ha
Shooting in Marina del Rey...
A big thank you from GROW47 and from the 47th ward for allocating 200k in capital money for McPherson!
yeah its all backward compared to english haha I am 21 living the doctoram.
SFX bundle for next Prometheus Trailer confirmed!
Coming soon
just wanted to remind you hat yur gorgeous and ily :
Yes, please!
Any that suit your fancy and aren't already on Vegbooks.
I've always thought we need more board book reviews.
Lesson 1 for today: make more use of lists created for Twitter.
Lesson 2  see lesson
If you are a poem writer, script writer or any other writer submit your work for the festival today!
here's what you need to know...
Casey Anthony kills her daughter gets away w/it and has little jail time
oh whoops sorry I didn't notice!
Lets do it again then lol:
Dang!
Sorry to hear that happened.
it's cold now.
and valley is winning again, 51.
Don't let someone tell you who you are, when their still trying to find themselves.
i know, right?
has an eye for cool stories.
Do you remember FantaCo's Chronicles magazines published in '81 and '82?
They covered the histories of certain Marvel titles.
Yo..follow me!
I follow back!
Have you had the sesame sticks they sell at TJ's?
They're addictive like crack.
so sad
Oh shit women's prisons are fucking scary
Individuals who have become highprofessorle by attacking the social  political media bigwigs at every opportunity..
Eau Claire is cold.
all is looking good, so far so great, cant hold a good man down mentally spiritually, physically.
and i love that.
umightbeghetto if you still going to walmart for cds.
Three days in and we've visited four departments here in Colombia.
I tell you, early mornings  late nights make one tired boy at dinner.
Maybe ; I'm trying to hold off to think on it for a bit.
Make sure I don't do something I'll regret.
please meet ; I think you two have a lot in common and should continue to talk; in fact sharefile should support
my son has the same allergies we have tons of recipes ..
What specifically are you looking for?
If Houston is smart, this is the second round pick!
Im finna start prepin my sunday dinner...i wont have so much 2do 2morro afta church
I WANT THAT TROUBLE !!!
it's 2011
Well feel better bro!
All is good, thx for asking.
Getting the word out about UFA a bit more.
U get that film I sent you?
Seriously gonna die when BOYFRIENDvideo comes ou
Only about 1/9th of the mass of an iceberg is visible above the water.
Nearly all of its bulk remain hidden beneath the surface
Winners don't make excuses, when the other side plays the game  Suits lol step your quote game up kenny.
The very best thing you can do for the whole world is to make the most of yourself.
Thanks to the awesome native american writers who are participating in our workshop sponsored by FOX FINAL doctorFT
whoa whoa who is this twitter noob trying to shut down my game?
I'm still I guess technically overweight but it's more muscle.
Skin fold says average : bmi is a liar
People with narrow minds usually have broad tongues.
My fans are the best.
Coming from a meeting and hearing them screaming my name is the best!
Thank you Times Square  Xoxoxo.
Anyone looking for journalism interns in Madison?
: thanks Big B!
lmao I got you!
Is that a single, or is it goin on your tape?
My brother just punked me real nice and said STOP ordering shit, God Lee!!
You don't know if you going or coming Lol
Madonna's clips on VH1 right now would curb stomp her Super Bowl Halftime show.
Speechless!
you f'n stud!
Congrats brother!
Back to Boston!
A fellow Austinite who appears to have a good sense of humor is one I want to know better!
Headed to Albany, NY.
It's been 12 years!
I had another awesome and inspiring conversation today with my best friend We always have powerful conversations.
:
How ru
double yes!
Triple yes!
I miss Juan
FF friends of
This is one of those great weekends to make sure you get the Sunday Globe.
Real estate goodies.
Foodie fun.
Sports bonanza.
Family...
fuck it, that shit was better than most people's tweets anyway.
Nobody knows who Chief Keef is tho ;
same here.
employed.
washed.
not affiliated with any political party.
occupying for a better future.
I've missed you too!
These pants are too much!
im not mad..
im just dissapointed you didn't learn from your mistakes.
Please follow !
Got in a sack race.
Didnt win.
Gosh im tired!!!
Come home safely, can't wait to have my mind blown at Movement festival.
WOMP WOMP WOMP!
Last nite's rehearsal was killer.
We pounded the contest set and a Suntones classic for our June show.
Portland only 2 months away!
will always be a winner in my mind and heart : thank you for entertaining us each week with your duets, am so so so proud of you
...
The associated orgasmic experience may be weak or absent.
thank you for recording and streaming 's lecture!
We exist to give a place and a voice to radicalism, and this helps!

Mission today..its to make today better than yesterday!!
T People Watch of the day: a man in full Scottish kilt and regalia, complete with tweed hat and sporran.
Oh, how I love Boston!
YAY cant wait
Happy Monday Beautiful People CesarElDia  XavierLT.
com
Traffic back open on Excelsior Blvd after deadly motorcycle crash.
Thank you for being unerringly kind, generous and thoughtful.
cc
Can't wait to see my pretty friends tomorrow 
sounds like a blast!
You're hardcore.
I love it.
U should doctorss as Katniss : Can't wait!
dude are you in or coming to LA?
It's about 95 dtla.
stop by now and get a good spot for tonight Bonfire Music Series.
According to most studies, people's number one fear is public speaking
I just wanna sleep right now : off to work then class then work again
YES!!
it is : i've been to ZionNPS like 8 times and it is more beautiful each time!!!!
have FUN :
Just saw the news!
good luck guys!
Text ne niggas!
My last RT is for x'D
: that guy at the gym just fumbled his dumbell at the 1 yd line.
The other dude liftin just lunge squatted it 99 yds to the endzone
Everybody's lookin' for love.
Aint that the reason your at this club.:
naaaaaa naaaaa naaaaaa I want a damn eight pack
where does a best buy stock room worker get 20k followers?
OH: I've been tracking sasquatches for 25 years
Would love to, but we need wonderful people like you to support us :
Get your tix now for I Hear Music concert 2012.
HEY ALEX!!
WHATS UP?
follow back us please : show some love to your Indonesian Acons x
Some great job postings were retweeted by the SLIS Alumni Association yesterday.
Are you following yet?
Went to the bathroom broken heart had shit but only farted lmfao
HAVE YOUR FUCKING LOVE HEART!
3
thats my girl AllNighter dont they know the worlds greatest mom isnt suppose 2 work today .GetMeANumber I'll take care of it
do I really have to write that stuff before I sleep?
is it really 11?
Dang, 98.5 is playing all the good freestyle music right now.
Denial, anger, bargaining, depression, acceptance.
The 5 stages of buying gas...
Irritated with people tonight fent to go off
I'm more accurately introduced as someone's 'worse half'.
You know you suck when Chris Bosh shoots a three on you
Why is everyone against me tonight.
ME too...
RT : I wish I had a time machine.
yes a lot!
i have seen gutstein a few times and looked into training at connections as well.
Running thin.
No no haha.
DWS, Debbie Wasserman Schultz chairwoman of the DNC.
I'm going to WI to help in the recall and she said she's going too
Phish weekend in Colorado!
We r truly blessed.
beep beep beep beep beep HELLO UM YEA WANTS YOU TO COME OVER!
LOL
weirdfactsaboutme ; if i like you , i would stay as far as i can away from you lol only for the simple fact that i won't get too attached .
Q 10 off suit turns broadway.
8kish.
How many team members are included in your Small Biz and Deluxe plans?
Man!
It's too bad you can't tweet from some kind of mobile computer.
When I have a productive evening, it means that I worked for about 15hours straight.
After watching 5 minutes of s show I now realize why melo left Denver ....
but it's all good he wont win shit there either
Wish I saw and tonight but they're no where to be found
Correction to what I just tweeted.
BigEast will remain a better conference than the Atlantic10, but the competitive gap will be close now.
is there VIDEO OF THIS?!?!?!?
HAVE TO SEE IT
I agree
This man just took his pants off at my sisters game.
Help.
Ready to smoke
History repeats itself!
Mammoth F named the NLL Player of the Month.
2 months into the season, 2 Player of the Month awards.
yeah yeah , shouters from Berlinski
Okay, There IS.
A God.
Octavia Spencer accepts her welldeserved Oscar!!!
Oh yeah Cardinals!!
Great play.: HeatherReneeHampton.:
omg forever 21 has all these eagle shirts.
rotf
you can have as many as you like
glad you have your priorities straight!
Love it!
Find out more about what's happening with Tweets from and
: For those who love Bush you are in for a treat because my boy is now part of Twitter Nation.
90problems recording t.v.
show with a vcr
Although I forgot to take a picture of my plate....
Will do!
one simply cannot put down this book for bed.
Yes but Google/Andoctorid everywhere MT : T1: If you don't like Google you are always free to choose to use others.
We are quite thrilled to be hosting a visit to our zine library next Wednesday by !
Who's seen American Reunion?
Is it any good?
The blues wont bring me down.
Got the bugs.
Welcome to the team Jason Jackson and Brian Jensen!!
Heard it here on Farquhar
Follow my roommate!
She has no idea what she's doing
Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be.John Wooden, legendary college basketball coach
Taco Bell and TheBreakfastClubGood Saturday afternoon.
2012isAustinsYear you know how I know that because he is awsome and I don't ever have to doubt him 13
A very GREAT number!
: RT : thats a great number!!!!!
Have you heard Fr.
Swope on WYPR this week?
He's one of the station's loyal listeners wishing 88.1 a happy tenth birthday!
HardCoreJealous Wish I could go up there this weekend : I haven't been up there in forever and I miss everyone!
: There is not enough diet coke or chocolate to make this day bearable.
how about enough Vodka?
Listen Friday at 10am for a live interview with ScooterCabs cofounder Justin Sisley on 106.7 FM, Mind Your Business segment!!
if you're looking to do some performance testing, blitz.io has a great cloudbased performance testing product.
Congratulations!!
On creating doctorma out of absolutely nothing!!
don't!
We love you 33 WTKFamily :
wait.
there are channels besides ESPN and ESPN2?
Thank you for the add Alina
it's a long story I'd love to tell you.
You might not believe how young teachers are treated.
I'm moving back though!
June 1:
hello there sir!
Things are great in the world of higher education how about you?
What's new??
Global Automotive Aftermarket Industry
It's in Nashville.
I was talking about last year: we'd try to take bikes to outer areas on the bus.
Once Alice took bus, I cycled.
STOP IT!!!!
You're making me extremely curious!!!
Oh yeah, Cadbury is delish.
Reese's get me every time though.
So far wordpress has been good to me.
I am not Tech savvy and it is easy.
Hey peeps  who here is in Miami?
Cuz I'll be there May 815th...
doctoram chasers is better than doctoram chasers 2.
My opinion
Whitney Mercilus has an awesome surname for a linebacker.
I accidentally broke our stores bell...
I def agree :
NFL: Saints' appeals of bounty suspensions denied The NFL upheld its discipline in the New Orleans Saints bounty case, meaning coach Sea
:P no, no stains.
The clothes just are those colors.
: Thank you for your nonprofessort tips!
BCGNonprofessortTip
nope, there's a base per min rate and if there's an event like Cinco de Mayo that increases demand, then price goes up
I have no idea how to work this thing.
I'm getting really pissed.
:
x Italy Want 1D we love Your voices your song..ALL x Come in Italy PLEASE x
I love how some de fans are acting so innocent and insulting se fans for the death threats it's happened before on behalf of some de fans
RT : Help my friend Jill by using the code word CURE at Pinkberry this wknd 20 goes to the Leukemia  Lymphoma Society
with NMJVampires this time?
Ur display picture is cute :
Just got the wig done, big up's to asiatic cutz.
Now, im fresh
commoncore standards doctorve me crazy but are imperative when remembering who museums support  teachers
because many are not really EL students, but rather money sources for the district...
RT : Unconfirmed: Beastie Boy Adam Yauch Has Died of Cancer.
Thanks for the RT!!
They sell humane traps I used one years ago.
I think there are easier ones now.
Otherwise bait it into shoe box  watch?
Teacher: Would you like to share that with the class?
Obviously not, that's why I whispered it..
that's cuz you're a man!
Coach mcarthy would be proud
liking someone that doesnt like you back 
well im glad.
Lol saw ur name and couldnt help singing all off key like the show!
I will see you at once.
:p
you have to admit naming your beer palate wrecker markets perfectly to silly beer geeks looking for the extreme.
Good morning guys.
Just had an awful week but thankful for being who I am.
Everything happens for a reason :
Mine's pretty much gone.
Saturday was the worst day, and even that wasn't that bad.
lets go to the pool
congrats guys on your partnership with Optima.
Should be a great team for 2012!
Blackhawks playing a purpose.
you are the winner of the NYCWine expo ticket giveaway yesterday!
Congrats!
I will DM you for your contact info.
When Shit Goes Down  Sides Are Taken You Will Find Out Whose Real Or Faking!
Forest?
Never heard of them.
Week 1 of Insanity complete!
More energy and stamina already!
Just looking at QBs, Rams in best shape with Bradford.
Cards Kolb could be good.
49ers Smith is a placeholder.
About to make breakfast :
RT Know your worth, Exact your standards, and Refuse to settle for anything but the best.
Where have you been all my life?
Tonight's the farewell SF show from  the Messengers kick off the night at 9pm  can't wait!
Happy Halloween weekend!!!
BOO :0
Why are all guys such assholes?
When will be there??
And when do tickets go on sale?
excuse me ??
I got you!
We might!
Which socks are you looking at?
You can shoot us an email for a more indepth answer.
:
Just keep swimming, just keep swimming, just keep swimming, swimming, swimming.
Dory.
You'll be OK, and so will they!!
Im not one of those girls who will bitch complain when their boyfriend is playing videos games, ill grab the controller  play with him:3
Luis the poet :
Music Zone is has another show tonight in Hollywood
nowplaying Safe and Sound by Taylor Swift
Exercise in disguise
anyone is automatically a lot more attractive when te're funny
There is this false assumption that since it's a game 7 that Kobe's just gonna take over and win it.
No it doesn't work like that...
yeeaahh it's kind of 2am....so I guess i'll go to sleep cause I have nothing better to do :/ Good Night Everyone!
Hi sweetie
distinction is crap IMHO but it question piqued my curiousity
o...that sucks but its like freezin in my room haha :P
miss u guys!!
im gonna have to come check u 2 out real soon, its been too long :
bats lashes.
If a guy likes it why not.
All Cultural Conditioning.
Anybody should do what they like.
A man is but the product of his thoughts what he thinks, he becomes.
Mohandas Gandhi
Haha pretty much the same really, and I just got done with a JB song ;P Message me if you wanna talk haha, so we don't spam
What are you doing with the nice weather to stay active?
Alright cool we will have to come out there.
Made wayy too many accidental sexual innuendos while praising bodypump to some random guy at the gym just now
Great!
Welcome to Las Vegas Cashmob!
You're family now.
Yamin!
I've been aroundbusy preparing for schoolfocused.
You?
I prolly get the tickets 2moro
i am about to go shave and watch more degrassi
According to the news this morning, Nirvana was responsible for the death of hair metal 20 years ago today....
hm scapegoat?
Key to keeping Sharepoint social and relevant self sustaining folksonomy
Do we know how much money they cost/spend?
only s few more Weeks of school, then I am back for Thurs morning coffee.
Genny Dill of the HCC has told them to apply like any other group.
She says HCC is just one group of several involved w/ festival.
OMG.
Hilarious.
Still one of the fondest memories my life consists of.
For Whom The Bird Tweets
Winning is not everything, but the effort to win is.
Is in my bed.
P
Hope I get the internship!
Phone interview is set for Friday!
Trying to run this complicated research project about OWS on php
Recommend to everyone.
Great documentary that really sheds some light on what soldiers have to deal with.
StayFarAwayFromMe 'cause you're a copycat and actually i don't like copy cat.
Thank you.
did u get one?
Looking for a tax lawyer who works with nonprofessorts, if anyone can assist...
This is the year of comedy: Hall Pass, Paul, Your Highness, Hangover part 2, The Changeup, Horrible Bossess, and A new Harold  kumar movie
truee.
Well, just let me know beforehand.
Wat it do
looks a little like your Smokey, just smaller.
np FutureMade Myself a Boss
Any recommendations on good open source map render front end besides Leaflet or OpenLayers?
I've walked past like 3 people that smell like maple syrup.
amazing veggie platter.
Roasted Brussels spinach mushrooms and asparagus!
Eat clean!
Yum!!
Thank you!!
RIP Coach Joe!
The man was a class act!
Ben Moskowitz on open video: connecting video to the rest of the web with the same textuality  interactivity we see elsewhere
CR7 oh my.
Now that was pretty.
Wow.
Oh my.
Madoctord 2 barca 1
working on several projects today, trying to catch up .
soup!!!!!!!
yum.
i could live off lentils and ginger snaps...
just saying.
Glad to be part of your FF team as well.
You have a great  and safe  weekend!
For Real??
But In Thi World They Cant Handle Two Of Me!
Happy Mothers Day.
Thanks for the quote.
that's what she said...
Wonderful to see how aha2012 and mla12 conference are still continuing on Twitter!
Sale Ends Saturday!!!
Hurry to take advantage of this unbelieveable sale.
Stop in or call 18007479288.
I keep laughing every time they say Meta World Peace.
You should follow  Whoops, forgot the citation for the Childoctorn's Lit Research Collection Hidden Collns project
I think its time to get back into these little stories i have in my head whenever music plays:
No NBA and mostly Ivy League NCAAB games...easily the most boring sports betting evening in a long time.
I'm picking up Dan and we'll be back up on Thursday!
we have pockets of activity in other 3M sectors, previously had operational stuff in this space so platform existed to leverage
Correction: a dying old man baby?
I admit I held my breath when Blake took that shot
Wall Street is the only place that people ride to in a Rolls Royce to get advice from those who take the subwayWarren Buffett
i've been pretty good at it since about 13.
I will remove our connection if you add crazy symbols to your name on LinkedIn.
I'm just warning you now.
Creative writing sounds best
If only we could get retweeted by million followers.
Shit we'd be happy with 0.001 of that...
Nothing ever changes...
The virtual table and decks at www.shindigtarot.com have cool animations, you can even shuffle them and spread them in a fan!
Listening to music, texting, changing avi pics, youtube and everything else is keeping me from this paper.
I will learn one of these days.
BREAKING re Sat 3/17 phametour day in Vancouver, WA  postponing Clark College show, Noon show at Merrill Gardens is FREE  open to public!
so hyper
Garrett Green!
Again!
Share our Twitter and Facebook page with your friends!
ilostmyvirginityto a bearded lady
It's funny that I have to go to Encino for IHOP and Benihana.
Also, Happy Holidays!
:
Chicago is covered in fog today, and it looks super creepy
bahahahahahahahahaha!!!
Since when are you on twitter?
And oops: mwah
Hooray!!
Maria!
Maverick is already a winner in our eyes!
Haha : I've never gotten it x
Morning!!
Be blessed
I finally grabbed Hebonics 101 after that followback, found you too.
Good stuff!
Suddenly Facebook isn't working with Google Chrome
ItsAwkwardWhen you get urs  I don't get mine...
She's just getting the whole texting thing, so I'm saving twitter for next year, lol
5957 Corban leads, but the Warriors foul.
Beatty will shoot two.
She is a 53 shooter.
Misses the first and that is huge.
holy doggy
A sad day.
Steve Jobs 19552011.
A creative pioneer will never be forgotten.
ooh I hear you.
I had an arbitrator change White to W all through one of my batches.
LOL good thinking!
Still waiting for your man to get back to me...
think you need to lay down the law!
:
Mom: why are we eating snacks Dad: BECAUSE THE PHILLIES ARE WINNING
I love you.
Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me.
But I still believe someday you will 3 25
my best friend!
SERU 2.0 chsconf11 creating a shard understanding of what perpetual access means.
Me: in principle, yes.
But the problem is in how.
Cathleen Kaveny: each himan being is an icon  not just a picture but an aspect of who God is
MeWithoutYouIsLike...A plane that DOESN'T fly RT if true/believe to you
oh its fabulous, I just hoped the Yankees would have lost tonight, and tomorrow i would have been sure I d be waking up happy
Relax!
You'll have fun, I'm sure!
and to you too!
Try lee real quick..
He did lead you into this game
Great coffee spot; a location where everyone in the world comes to their door!
Baristas care about the coffee and it shows.
Most of the people that bitch about the freshmen being annoying are annoying or were freshmen less than a year ago...
personal question: are you gay?
I just want some damn waffles.
We just want to make a difference
tweetyourweight 175.0  damn you Carolina Cheese Straws.
Y u so delicious?
What a BEAUTIFUL MORNING!
I think I'm free tomorrow and sunday.
You gonna watch the Pacquiao fight wit us?
: Skillful  godly wisdom is more precious than rubies;  nothing you can wish for is to be compared to her.
Proverbs 3:15
I absolutely love Liar Liar
Hugs and more arizona hugs to my boo mf again for his birthday today : love u muuuah!!
mister Elliptical We Have Ourselves A Great Journey Me  You.
10Miles Tonight  200MILES In 24Days.
So Cuonzo Martin is complaining about the number UK fans at the UT game.
Apparently he has never watched a UK road game.
:
There are a lot of Mother's on Twitter fishing for compliments.
Go take care of your childoctorn!
SCRAM, MOTHERS!
I see you follow the lovely Katie, you should follow me as well!
3Dally
You all have a great weekend as well!
Pack really working it around, even more than normal
Beverages will be flowing thanks to Stone Brewing Co., 12 Signs Wine, Honest Tea, Solar Rain, SOL Market, Craft  Commerce and DiningOutSD.
home sweet home...
buh bye st annes :
Suzie Allard/UTK, survey of data producers on sharing, nice sample size from DataOne, will be posted next week
Yes.
Just like heaven bitches!!!
The cure!
My fav band!
I have a new phone, no  or else I bee textin u.
Send me yo numba fam
lordy!
Quite sunny here and we're preparing for a relaxing weekend.
I hate 8am classes.
I seriously cannot wake up before a certain time.
enoying the now 'air' free
Decisions..
Decisions..
my parents probably do too.
And I never have.
Lol.
The all new SO SEDUCTIVE THURSDAY WEST Ladies FREE till 11.
18up welcome!
Dj Mystik in the mix.
Dnt miss out!!!
UCONN makes me feel good inside.
Let's go Huskies!!!
MyWorstFears a room full of bald men wearing turtlenecks sidling up to me so they can get to know me better
Free bottle of tanning lotion when you add the tanning option to your membership!
is a great way to start a publishing effort, but need ideas to sustain long term success of project 
we love you!!!
Lincoln said The probability that we may fall in the struggle ought not to deter us from the support of a cause we believe to be just.
doctoramin in ground hog day mode
We aim to please here in Milwaukee.
That's so fantastic.
CongratsGarboAndParis So happy for you both!
HIRING: Senior Java Developer for our Ft.
Lauderdale Client Named by SFBJ as one of the Best Places to work in 2012 jobs worknplayinf
That's what I want it for, too.
Right now I scan in ink.
It'd be nice to cut out that step and ink digitally.
Just discovered a real living genius.
Feeling hopelessly inspired.
Too much motivation and not enough trajectory.
my ass is numb from sitting for so long..
BnBWed the deed is done.
Now for Riff Raffs at 6

I didn't play formally because my parents wouldn't let me before I got into music.
But I was good at a lot of diff positions.
Reports that as many as 1000 fresh British troops have arrived in Halifax, Canada eventually bound for Boston.
Irie Sundays power session tonight, midnight to 2am.
Reggae  Dancehall  Roots with .
how are you tweeting about it?
Waiting for 2 and a half hours in line for universal tickets?
I'm a student manager, Brandon.
Student comes first!
Can't wait to see the BoysOfWinter do it right.
Slice 'em up, 'Cats.
Hou Hanru throws in flying airports, mobile birdcages and lions at checkin  good intro stuff for our Global Mobility panel
Todays Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are White bean soup and Carrot ginger.
Sugar free Lemonade is Blueberry mint.
Hi Adam.
You can add Applecare regardless of where your iPhone was purchased, as long as it is added within the first year.
HEY DID YOU EVER GET YOUR PERMIT
Pimps don't tweet!
Pimps come get hyphie on a tight frozen strawmarg!!!!
Yeah guy!
Gm ladies and gentleman.
hey!
: we will def follow you : can you please check out our music on our Facebook and let us know what you think?
Yellow or faded headlights resurfaced back to their original clarity and brightness.
Fresh new look for only 69 www.kingoftheding.com
pretty gaaayyy outfits
If watching BiggestLoser makes me want to eat cake, will watching HomeBrewed webseries make you want to doctornk a beer?
damn to much verdi
you on that spam tip, that ain't cute!
You might be a musician if you are headed home for the night  the others waiting for the train aren't going home...they're going to work!
Looking forward to IFTF's Future of Science workshop futuresci
What better place to take a huge shit then in one of our shitty rooms!
get your p.h.d first bro
I need a soakoff and pedicure badly.
got u  followback
but remember I love youu
You're wrong!!!
I just seen a 4 year old lil girl wearing atleast some 3 heels....
She reminds me so much of myself when I finished Jschool.
All the uncertainty  internship apps.
Told her it always works out in the end.
People w/ small targeted audiences are far more valuable than people w/ 100k untargeted audiences.
Happy Monday!
New week, new success!
Iam a man of science!
Not soneones snuggle bunny!
Home Bank wishes everyone a successful week!!
Our pleasure!!
Agree!
RT : It may only be 60 degrees out in PDX, but it already feels like summer!
Have a couple, you'll need it :P Be sure to have 3...or 4 for me :
Where would we have to go to meet you?
thx!!
have sc, but just added all the others to queue...
i got a nice view of these fireworks from my window right now
Yeah, thanks, It looks like a massively long quarantine getting back in.
No fun for kitties or owners:
You dont need a degree in marketing or design to do this!
Heck, you don't even need to finish high school!
Sony's CEO Hosts Corporate Strategy Meeting Conference Call for Overseas ...
Seeking Alpha
You have no idea how sad you make me.
If you use iTunes and have an andoctorid, you need to try doubleTwist
Timeless time: me talking on my phone while commuting to campus or in between meetings and classes
Pacers just gonna jack the Detroit Basketball chant?
Just sub Detroit with Pacers?
Do you believe in miracles?
Amazing mcn2010.
Now to calm down, pack, and prepare to be underwhelmed by a long week of NARA training, DC looks cold, too.
You freak.
who are you, Rob Lowe?
The dudes' dad texts me to report that a 7yo DudeSter has been planting cucumbers.
He LOVES to garden!
: Have you registered for the BrewersMini?
How about registering for the 5KSausageRunWalk which would be a great training run!
that awk moment when an ugly girl calls someone ugly and youre like bitch shut up.
youre not pretty either.
I wish I was at the pool with but no I got me a final to take
Good luck on the new gig!
Olave is a beast.
Straight up.
doctorpping Dope tracks
tiny Yankee jersey..
I can see it in my head!
LOVE it!!
RT : definitely!!
Was tweeting about it a lot right after I sent in my ballot
S/O to miguel who performed in NYC friday.He statedyall know im from LA right.Then proceeds to play TUPAC.ugh PAC is from NY.
Harlem baby
We win Monday???
you arent kidding.
Ill definitely need to look into it for sure!
MANCHESTER CITY!
he's got a case of the Rips
will head there.
Thx
never mind for some reason I'm being very unphotogenic.
: Hey , ,   we are so  proud of you guys.
Have fun tonight!
We will be!
sportingkc usmnt
Calling it right now..
The will win tonight.
You just focus on getting well, k?
We'll be here when you get around to it.
3 u!!
JUSTIN BIEBER  MY LIFE BIEBERFOREVER please follow
eliott bout to call you.
brandon that plays guitar
yes!!!
plus, I HAZ MONAYYYY!!!!!
IM SO RIDING SUPER SHOT!
Im moving forward with my life without hesitation Ms.
Spicy
good morning to u.
Have a wonderful day 
game 7 lets go
ready for school to be over smh
it's going to be Awesome!!!
Can't wait
Getting half decent at project management :
I really dig TruMoo chocolate milk.
tickle Effective?
Wine and good friends..
Who could ask for more :
Training myself on a grading rubric and keep hearing the instructor say group think, we want group think
mine too.
Im so tireeedd!
Dear car companies...i am glad you are doing well, but there are not really incentives for the average intelligent consumer to buy right now
you should be.
Today we upset the number 4 team in the nation at their stadium
the not able to start issue can be resolved by killing the cronjob.
This may explain why we all became scholars rather than athletes: our ambitions for boundlessness...
I'm waiting for you outside of the school, come out already!
I really hate it when people retweet me but don't follow me.
Its just as easy to click follow as it is to click retweet.
Today's attendance at Miller Park is 46,086.
It's the second largest crowd for a Brewers game in this venue.
: We are working to help libraries get the respect they deserve from publishers.
Ask us how.
This evening, 67 pm, my Pilates class at Chatham Village's Clubhouse, in Mt.
Washington!
'Other than that, we are wonderful.' What a sentence.
I lost my Uncle to a heart attack a year ago from yesterday when Daniel lost his :c May just isn't a good month
that was one of the best spots i've seen in a while.
i adore the ricky gervais show.
Does watching Wheel of Fortune and Jeopardy every night make me old?
African Wild Dogs AKA Painted or Cape Hunting Dogs
Beautiful day with the animals at
Why does everyone have an OOMF ?
Lmao
64 pack of crayons on the first day of school use to have niggas feeling G'd up, didnt nobody want that fuckin 24 pack!
90s Shit.
Pandora, I'm gonna need an A effort today
im an expert at making smoothies:
I was in Cincinnati performing w/the Orchestra there...
I fell in love w/ hearing the CSO perform it.
Nicola Benedetti
oh.my.word.
don't even know u..but LUV the name of your book.
my kind of gal...:
I'm doctornking coffe right now, and that pic still makes me crave another cup
Don't dwell on who let you down, cherish those who hold you up
Selby welcome to Kansas basketball!
Niles Community Calendar for the week of April 26, 2012
Sweet!
RT : Win 25.00 gift certificates!
Tune in this morning to 104.1 The Edge to win gift certificates to the store!
Sounds like a plan!
I suggest bagging commercial TV for a while in favor of PBS documentaries.
Informative, entertaining, paced for relaxation.
Boom!
Killed three more chapters with time to spare
be my kanye?
: Your lips may smile although your heart may cry.
i used .htaccess
YOU'RE A REAL AMERICAN IF YOU DONT CELEBRATE CINCO DE MAYO!!!
USAUSAUSA PROUDTOBEANAMERICAN!!
January is Thank You month.
TripRes would like to show thanks by offering 20 off any hotel of 200.
Use promocode THANX20.
Ends 1/31.

Really enjoyed your interview on Colin's Show this am.
A very candid Earvin.
I Appreciate You Bra.
I didn't know that!
respectpoints for Andoctorw!
thanks dude!
Glad u liked it ; We actually have a brand new album coming out soon!
oh word haha I'm always behind....
When you forgive, you in no way change the past  but you sure do change the future
Enjoy Good Friday with good Fish Fry, or Fish Sandwiches, and much more.
We can deliver to your office, or to your house.
In fact, we...
Only two more days until the weekend.
I can make it!!
Just had a shrimp boil with my coworkers it was good times now I want to do a shrimp boil on the beach in Chicago...Happiness is upon me!!!
Gotcha!
Good choice  I'm always impressed with their marketing projects.
Hope you're well!
I will send it to you once I get the digital issue this week : thanks!
Tonight Overtime at alongside my mellow misterMention with the opening selections 
How do YOU know???
so precious
I will only parallel park if the spot is on my right.
alot of doctornking,smoking,and fuckings goes on
Our contract is signed to provide an edible green wall for the new Pizza Mozza in Newport Beach in 2 mos.
It's 230 sq ft.
with 1300 plants
like  : Don't tell kids girls can be anything!
They wouldn't have thought otherwise just raise them strong, dummy
only when you are on the table
I got the doctorwing.
Thank you it's on my fb professorle.
:
oh awesome!
i've been there i love it!
i'm from India
Can't wait o see how you will be making my Web site look pretty!
Admittedly, I've never really understood, nor found endearing, the word swoon
Attempting to link facebook and twitter.
I think all I have to do is type
thanks for the love today everyone!
glad y'all are excited for the new cover :
so gaga has got 23 million followers while bieber has got 20 million
just saw u at DWTS!
Absolutely!
Great show!
I really hate basketball.
follow me ou god please

most delicious treats  made to share!
www.divvies.com
as tech improves, we need less people 2do things but what are people supposed 2do 2make living wagespay 4healthcare?
Very day in shufflin
would you ever have like house parties or hangout sessions with fans?
c: x  have you ever been to beech grove, indy?
hehe;
I don't understand why they made a movie sequel of Bourne without Bourne in the story.
Never mind I like Jeremy Renner anyway.
2 ppl you seriously need to look up on iTunes:: Jordan Connell  Carrie Hill // you'll be so glad you did!!
RIP Ryan Dunn, he will be missed.
The pageant will be held at the Hilton Atlanta Northeast Hotel in Norcross, GA visit our website for more details.
That's the first time I could tell there was a crowd at
She's way too fast..
I can't keep up..
Writes Slow the fuck down.
Are you complete?
Then you don't have a care in the world.
Be the one you aspire to be and love the evolution that must take place
RT can't wait 2 come ply when I get to vegas
what'd you do?
Stupid stupid
Spring break  anything else
IM SO EXCITED !!!
Ladies of North Austin, Great Nails by HEB on Parmer  I35 is great.
got a manicure with gel nail polish which lasts 3 weeks!
Ur talkin to a coach...
I got a playbook for all kinds of situations
Thanks for the
FW IN 65 degrees..ah sun, the smell of warmth and sound of motorcycles.
Windows open
Interactive tornado hunting via radar has begun.
The Death of Junior Seau reminds me why I don't mind most of the rules that the NFL is enforcing for safety.
Great definition.
Georgia bond 3
thanks Kel, it was crazy, but good :
Really?
You sure about that?
Saving Face wins Best Documentary Feature!
All of you make me just want to cry...
Why are you letting this hatred towards each other spread like the plague?
I want to get tatted now!!!
love it!
U always wanna fight RT : shut up!
Dam and I are screwed!
I can't make you love me if you don't.
You can't make your heart feel something it won't.
home in austin!!
and there are bats in the airport terminal!
On a whole new level.
If you're a fan, then you're my fam Kahquotes
Bol!!
Ize never sitz that way, but I do the sphinx pose.
AlwaysRemember that people will forget what you said  what you did BUT they will never forget how you made them feel.
Make people matter.
I talk crap about them all the time but yesterday i bought a retro phone for my phone lol
You already know.
Afterhours is next!
Secret location.
Text 917.567.3808 for the password.
Little childoctorn stress me out....
RT : Libras are extremely charming, very lovable, notoriously irresistible and definitely unforgettable.
;
I had fun at the thunder game 3 now my mouth is killing me...I just want to see him...
Going to go sell plasma tomorrow
how old are you guys??
:
Christmas is doing a little something extra for someone.
Why am I watching FashionStar?
Did you go to school today Mikey?
:o 3
Hey Whaen are you coming to VEGAS?
luv ya
Choose Life Hoodies will be restocked at Cafe Main in the coming week, keep checking our page if you're waiting.
no clue
I want to do stories like that!
Lol
Sounds like an amazing day!
Thank you for dining with us.
Yo!
I would like to introduce you to and These are peeps you should know.
come on Seth, that's not true and you know it.
Everyone is getting all excited the Lebron is playing good but y'all know deep down inside he will choke in the playoffs as usual
Getting ready for the dance
And maybe you can call in sick, and bring it to the crib and get all this..

spēkēzē loves bbq and jerk  do you deliver to San Jose?!?!
thanks for the follow!
Well Kasey fell asleep on me.
Some friend..
Lol
Let's go !
Would love their help sending the to the playoffs.
I need to lie down...
come over ?;
Can you follow me Mama Mahone?
: I'm a Spanish mahomies and I love so much Austin3
RT: If they say they want space they lost interest...
Pussy been on my mind like crazy today o.o
thank you 
Case racin it
It's in the Strip District, on Liberty Ave at 25th.
The Brake House Lofts.
People we are thankful for: the musical genius/theme composer
its all good..next time..
I like the way they match up though should be an interesting series.
Do your boys pull it out tonight in game 7??
Just Go With It is so fun!
A must see, especially if you liked 50 First Dates.
Beautiful scenery of Hawaii and upbeat soundtrack.
If you are Pregnant  breastfeeding, consider eating more fish.
They contain highquality protein, are low in sat.
fat,  contain omega3's!
Howard Stern on America's Got Talent last night...great addition.
I will have the overnights for you shortly and I am sure they will rock.
Counting calories like Rain Man.
what kind of collage?
I'm soo tired, my body is aching .
It would make my day if you'd follow me!
Good morning, all!!
Monday, yes, but once we accomplish getting through Monday, anything is possible!!
Lazertag to with is the best 10 minutes of my life..
I'm pretty beyond it.
I've signed a petition against evil Evelyn's show she's supposed to come out with.
I'm not ashamed to admit it.
Spontaneous Orange Leaf trip at lunch!
sounds like a good place to go muttering :
You cannot control what happens to you,but you can control your attitude.
lmao, i know i messed it up , only you kay would bust me out lol
: to get where you never been , you have to go in a new direction.
don't just go n the new direction with tha same old ways
So I might have been a little premature as we are back up and running only like 5 minutes after my last tweet.
Tonight shall go down in the journal of my life as the night I watched HBO's Carnivale Season 2 and doctornk Ginger Beer.
And it was good.
yeah, the flight home was good.
Hopefully I can get some grass in our yard growing for the kids when they get home
Wrapping up loose ends before leaving for Balanced Scorecard kickoff and Strategy Mapping workshop in Silver Springs for the next two days.
jeez M's, save some runs for tomorrow night.
Only need to win by 1!
BTW what I've learned in your class is what is going to make our campaign a success.
THANKS!
I will follow you...
:
Shout out for our fave TubeMogul at
Fascism is alive and well in Maine.
Removing Julie taylor's artwork in a democracy that prizes freedom of expression is power gone mad.
9/6 CLAS  PDBA present OAS Series inaugural event with Secretary for Political Affairs Victor Rico
RT : It's a shame that when a musician dies my first thought is Damn.
Here come all the requests tonight truedat
Its been a while since I've watched it too!
I don't know what I was thinking haha :D
Everywhere i go, everyone i know.
These memories will stay with me
Uhoh...we need a day for that now?
: Uh oh!
Is that true?
; : Plugged in: Today's is National Honesty Day.
I love how they totally gave up on the 15 and made the Green Line run every 10 mins
Seriously and Charles Barkley are hilarious.
I could listen to them crack jokes all day.
wish you were a SuperSonic...
who is that?
I may not be the prettiest or smartest girl in the world but I still have feelings I'm not a stupid game you play!
In case you haven't noticed, I'm tweeting to keep myself awake through the last twenty minutes of this movie.
Sorry.
Thx!
And we miss you!
oh hey ceiling, yeah i'm just gonna stare at you for a couple hours
At Charleston Alliance luncheon on downtown redevelopment.
Impressive!
My nickname according to Dustin is Monkey now .
1 good thing about working out east rather than the Midwest is that ppl have credit cards rather then prepaid card
My phone just went off so loud in class.
All I hear is pettway's country accent on the video we took yesterday..

Posts.
See....I follow about 25 people on Tumblr And I automatically see the posts they make when I
i can tweet you a pic of it!
And off my for in tje book!
Capital to invest in any business type from seed to growth.
Send funding requests to
if are serious 99 of du time,,, then ur on meeeaaaannn ass person :/ :/
Right on!
However, it's sure gonna be hard to leave...
but I miss my kiddos and my wonderful husband!
stop being such a suckup tool
RT : RT : Kerry Washington's lips gt; Megan Good's lips
Looking for a job in the IT Field?
In Dallas/Fort Worth area?
We have contract jobs all over!
Please RT!
SAT word of the day: jubilant  extremely joyful, happy
I've heard startups pitching investors at different coffee shops the last three days in a row  in Oakland and Berkeley
He had printed on his tombstone: What are you looking at?
I wouldn't be able to go for a jog if i was well, let alone now!
i'll just lie here all day i think
A day in the life beatles.
Love the beats.
You may have already heard about Internet.
Now you can try it for FREE.
Simply use code 2284749710fse thru 1/7/10
Getting something to eat before going out to hit up the gay strip in Dallas!
Come join me it relaxing after a long week!
def needed some backup last night...
We offer free color consulting and free color samples to all of our clients.Call us for a free estimate and find out why we love to paint 
I agree!
When that happens, just put in my CD 'After Hours' and play along in your car.
well...it didnt really work...i'll try my best to keep my head up...
thanks kelby
Well, my work computer just died on me I think.
congrats to my bro who was on the front page of the today...keep up the great work with !
With your southern hospitality...
that life, I'm bout // anytime that I'm out I be ballin like there's no timeouts  Fab, S.O.U.L Tape
In America, we will eventually have a President that used to play Pokemon as a child.
Scary.
here is worth ..
My Math teacher leaves bcuz she was pregnant and due, 3 months later she comesback, 3 weeks later she leaves for good.
There's never a right time to say goodbye.
What Am I to do??
Lot of big car crashes over night.
The wine in SoHo was particularly good tonight.
I take that back you're not wrong we just have differing views I do like some rap but I devote my heart and soul to what is Metal
im so bored.
NP Thinking about you  Frank Ocean ..
you gotta get glue traps man, no mercy!
Hey buddy.
Your car has more noise than go!
cool i need to make a visit out there soon speak to u lata bro!
Enjoy the rest of the day
I love Kayley!!!!!
Welcoming our newest member Jo  www.myfreegenealogy.com
Yes, a long, heartbreaking goodbye, but also learning and sharing quite a lesson about love and living in the moment.
Watching Hangover 2 this movie is crazy hilarious lmao!!
Bout 2 watch Killer Elite  Conan!!
You're the cream cheese to my bagel, lol jk.
I don't like cream cheese.
I can think of smarter ways to protest CISPA than tweeting your Rep that you broke piracy law...
Not goin to paisley unless somebody has some tickets I can buy I guess my friend has other plans
RT : Don't take the things God does for you for granted.
Celebrate every little thing God does in your life!
may not be this weekend but in near future
Nothing better then buying some Snap Backs.
:
Great post Todd
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
St.
Francis of Assisi
Lunch at Blackwell on this beautiful day with
I hate goin out somewhere thats playing nothin but black music and these mugs have the nerve to look at u like wat u doin in here?
thats cra
I feel like I should tell you that I'm reading your bookmarks.
Excellent.
Thanks for the list!
Happy Mothers Day!!!
Oh yeah, the mom looks like Precious.
Classic me.
Trying to create an outfit to frame the scarf i want to wear tonight.
Typical.
We're just getting started on Twitter.
Who should we follow?
We love Milwaukee and photography!
Since I got off the plane, Vegas has been nonstop awesome!
:D
Come in to PTs at Sunset  Pecos tonight!
We're offering 1 Kam'ikaze shots, starting at 7pm.
Say, Hi!
Kameron
don't pull your pud
Great to have you and your beautiful music a part of the platform Michael!
Your professorle looks awesome!
Great!
It's so warm here hahaha :
RT : Okay is just 18 followers away from 40K.....
btw thanks for the sharing!
Joining the ranks of morning commuters for a couple weeks of training in the burbs.
Kept road rage in check this am thanks to !
The weak never speak, the strong never run,  the people who are the hardest to love are the ones who need it the most;
hey do you need some DJ doctorps?
Let's talk...I got you!
I am grateful.
But does he have ID to go along with that?
Have fun in Cali !!!
No public intoxication this time  love you!!
Ad hoc is sloppy sounding; emergent sounds smart
Haha I guess it's easier to spot the ones who had honest intention from the getgo right?!
Time for bed, goodnight twitterverse.
Stay classy
Years Almost Over .Thank You Jesus Teacher From ATL Voice
message me please
You are welcome Thanks for the ff and backatcha!
you had to say it!!
Back in Spokane after a few days down in California.
Shooting some marketing material today.
Friday flashback jam: Sugarcubes  Hit
A Great Success: World Bank has a 70 failure rate with ICT4D projects to increase universal access bit.ly/o75Bem RT
Editing today :
The power of work supplied strawberry shortcake is compelling me through afternoon.
Beyond that, I got nothing.
Happy Halloween!
What's your musthave trickortreat candy?
Should be the quote of the day everyday.
I've been saying it all week.
Terrible foul call!
CA marriage bill called 'Trojan horse' for redefinition effort  Catholic News Agency
note to self: despite what I may think, reading directions actually helps put things together!
Close my eyes and move to the back of my mind, where worries are washed out to sea.
yup, I can see now why state abbrev.
is confusing.
Thnx for clarifying :
Omg guys please stop spanning me that'snotsexy
Let the hunger games begin
That went down
Hello migraine.
Oh how I hate you
I've been, overall, not a huge fan of the premarathon taper.
But premarathon carboloading?
Yes, please.
lol.
The kept getting weirder  weirder.
Wth.
I'd be pissed if I was her.
anything of interest going on.
Just joined but need to see some updates!!!
Pleeeeeese!
Thank You :
Footrub for Terra.
She deserves one.
She pushed Cameron out of her vagina.
If that doesn't deserve a footrub, idk what does
ha: thank you!
Sixth Suggestion, Pick an evening or rainy Saturday afternoon where you can spend two hours together watching a movie or cuddling together.
loves me today.
Lively debate in the offices.
Omg wwaio I can't.
This is where the gluestick comes in.
Ugh this isn't very sticky I should've used cum.
Oh, is it 5pm?
I don't even notice anymore.
she's in there...
Just waiting to jump and bark!
Love how folk try 2 discredit the victim!
Even IF TrayvonMartin was high  started fight, GeorgeZimmerman STILL should have been arrested.
I knew you'd understand...
MT : Follow today  Live tweets from BrookingsNCI on the FUTURE of
MTV is GUILTY of exposing childoctorn to sex and doctorgs.
MTV is also guilty of sexualizing childoctorn.
i.e.
SKINS U ok with MTV?
Thank you!
Also, we have a library cat, a patron's cat who often stays after the patron leaves!
Failure is not an option.
Maybe we will stop if you stop trolling, bitching, and being annoying
I only have a queen size!
We cant all fit, one of you heffers gonna be on the floor lmao
I replied to your dm
Hopefully a summer tour will be announced soon :
february break!
The shark movie is Deep Blue Sea.
THE Deep Blue Sea is set in postWorld War II London and contains almost no sharks at all.
It doesn't always gotta get physical....
Ohh you're sucha turd oh yeaah a giant turd And you look like a turd And you smell like a turd Ohh you're such a turd Oh yeaah
Damn..
what a bold statement!
How did you know?
Haha :P
still alive girl
Finally got the white iPhone4.
Loving it!
i do
Love the vampire Diaries RT if you do too :
My pleasure!
And thank you...
It's very gratifying when clients are delighted.
Yep!
// RT : NPtech Tip: Want more RTs?
Make sure tweets are short enough to fit RT  username.
No response?!
is pretty
I wasn't paying attention!!
Just be aware that they are designed primarily for fashion  haven't had hardcore stress tests.
Shoutout to all the good fathers, middle finger to the ones who were never there for their kids.
Just made it to the gym thru crazy traffic!
Oh, traffic signals out at some really big intersections!
Yikes, police setting up 2direct
I need orange leaf or I'll die
Just realized you were in Va.Beach/Norfolk now.
How's everything going?
...the young women looked at the world and who they were as people.
So am I my friend!
I've never been and I'm a brand new NOLA resident recruited through Just tell me where to go!
My brother just accidentally just slammed his thumb in the car door.
It's bleeding.
He's walking around shouting and cursing and such.
Auditions in two days.
3 vital roles aren't filled.I don't have a stage manager.
I do have a hangover.
So how's your day?
Following the tweets from NOLA, I am upset about the decision I made to stay home.
F money an decisions that need to be made being an adult
that's my friend!
:
hey granny i got it: tell dad i said hi
that was a long time ago...
Looks like we wanted New Orleans but they offered a whole lot more and all of it was as is.
Yes!
100 agreed!
Thanks for the mention David!
IM NOT STUPID YU GON TRY AND JUMP ME G NBS
As much as I would LOVE to see you in concert...
I can't leave my mom on Mother's Day.
I know you'll kill it!!!
Come back to Denver!!
omg!
Thats the worst.
Bed time!
Loool!
TWITTERCONDA
can seriously get anythign to trend JAMIE LAOU LOVES CUPCAKES !
Check out TripDibs for super low rates, lock them in now!!
alltime faves : Never too early, what is tonight's topic?
foodiechats
3WordsForYou; Baby Got Back.
yes they should
Better retire early tonight.
Big day tomorrow.
Not really.
Just tired.
Goodnight from the Gill
I litter.
try Binnys we are in most of their locations!
If not they can get it for you.
Good skate sesh with an now time to chill at tha casa
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a sandwich?
hm...why dont you make me one and ill find out!
nice video!
I just started tracking hashtags w specific words Such as needlogodesign Is that what u mean?
Im a twitternewbie
It's sad to think, a bunch of people don't know the Lord as there personal savior.
Frederick Douglas was a republican for a reason.
The democratic party has always been the Jim Crow party.
4
Excellent news!
You deserve it!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!!
WOULD MEAN SO MUCH!
3 48
haha nice to know:
sweet!
definitely doing it next payday can't believe I just noticed Either getting Indians jacket or a pestano  smith shirt
Oh yeah, brother.
24/7/365.
I live it!
The only thing that keeps me sane
OMG STOP .
I WAS ALMOST ASLEEP GIRL
If stuff gets to crazy you might have to shoot
yay!
So happy for you.
Cant wait to hear all about it.
yes!
Thanks.
I wonder how many likes I could get on a picture if he posted one of me..
lol
that's my shit from 2000 to now...
have fun man
good luck man!
Sitting in on Sue Polanka at flacon2012 Getting schooled on ereader device checkout and ebook lending.
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay you're my bestfriend dont believe in friendship!!!!
Ted Valentine's real timing is pretty bad, but his comedic timing is spoton.
Thank you so much Lindsay!
:
Sweet!
UNM set up the no parking signs on our street for gathering of nations.
Im still going...its about portion control
Every muthuh fucker that uses a cross walk thinks they're the fucken king and take their time.
On Thursday morning ...
I'll have an NFL slideshow of Fantasy Football's 16 Best Running Back Combos
Thanks for spreading the word!
Thanks for the
mburgers
Interesting.
I think I'll try the 14day trial.
Yes.
Print isn't dead.
Osama Osama Red Pajama.
district is not narrowing curriculum but our resources are diminished with budget shortfalls
My bad.
Any cool videos coming before the end of the week?
A Bitch Nigga That's That Shit I Don't Like
Overheard in my apartment: Hey, what's the minimum order for wings tonight?
If I could I'd fly out to New York in .9796 seconds to see you, but I can't.
:sigghh
Yes!
My first practice!
don't forget bandages for blistered feet!
Enjoy ALA ladies!
Invites You!
60mins b4 Create The Ultimate Life Via iZigg 90210 Conference Call 712.432.0075  972120 Go Mobile!
Be Free!
notafan of people still playing the race card.
People are racist get over it!!!!!!!!
Just seen a fucking midget.....0o
It's like my baby is all grown up!
MT : May get to 100 tweets  are you proud?
All by myself.
i Dont wanna be all by myself!!!!!
TeamFollowBack what up...?
TGIF we made ot thru another week in this
RT : Speak out for the arts  arts education.
Sign the Culture Counts petition!
When McDonald's brought its Big Mac to France, it translated to the name Gros Mec, which actually means big pimp.
I like e!
Add rotors!
RT : Increase the displacement of a piston engine with a stroker kit but how can you do that in a rotary engine?
thank you !
Will give it a go!
There's a different dub cast?
My hungover self just laid my gatorade bottle down in my truck..without realizing I didn't have the cap on.
Good thing I bought two..
A GROWN FOLK'S EVENT!PURE ROMANCE PARTY DEC.11TH 6525 WALZEM RD.
21  UP B.Y.O.B HAVE FUN PLAYING GAMES AND CHECK OUT THE ADULT TOYS!!
20ThingsAboutMe i'm too awkward to function
thanx for the follow
We're in the process of writing and recording our full length.
Anyone excited?
Hear that.
It's like you've never left the park before, never gave a warning.
Crazy darn kids.
Nice suit, you are gonna play nice like that suit is tomorrow, Go Bills!
Disney's 3D is so remarkably subtle and doctoramwork's is so in your face!
We love 3D and its so here to stay!!!
Kerry Wood, meet the closer's role?
Oh, Chicago.
You've got 30 minutes to get to the DIY Trunk Show at Broadway Armory.
The first 150 shoppers get a free goodie bag.
I'm pretty good at self sabotage as of late.
RT if you want a followback?
RIP mister Fowler.
You inspired several to be a better student, but more importantly, to be a better person.
We miss you.
I hope you all had a great trip!
yes, I saw that and quite fancied it.
Hey  you should come to !
Abs and I are here!
Purchasing a reserved AMI.
Hoping somehow it just gets applied to one already running.
I am so proud of everyone that MATCHED 2day  CONGRADS  you worked hard to get where you are now!!!!
Keep up the good work!!!
Thanks!
m/
Shout out from the divas..the whole stampedn tonight
lol  small world!
Did you manage to see waeclipse?
Got too cloudy just before totality here in Everett.

westside sports bar and grill kiss costume contest Rock and roll all night baby
I dont think I could possibly make you doubt yourself any more, unless you have the unnatural talent for being wrong most of the time.
Glad to be a part of the fam!
:
no, I will not feed into your doctorg addiction.
fuck off.
Heard through the grapevine that some find us uninspiring.
Same could be said for ALA.
Someone to nap with.
I DON'T SEE HOW PEOPLE SLEEP ALL FUCKIN DAY
dear god that took forever haha so what time will you guys be back?
Chuck Norris does not use spell check.
If he happens to misspell a word, Oxford will simply change the actual spelling of it.
RT : The longer you have to wait for something, the more you will appreciate it when it finally arrives.
Apologies in advance for this tweet influx.
Blame work...it keeps me away from my beloved blue birdie.
...
the brand that owns coffee owns breakfast.
Debbie S.
i will once you stop posting so much shit about Morgan 
I've used it before  I like it but I basically bought this bottle of Sriracha because it's the Pabst Blue Ribbon hipsterhyped hot sauce.
Amid a sea of window washers being billed as highlevel sources, Journalist should know that Fake David Boren never goes off the record.
I the donk of all donks!
school funding fails, energy professorts at all time high, middle class shrinking, wealth disparity,  u want to import skill?
AUSTIN KILLED IT !!!
So I'm ready.
Just put on my yellow and gold sweatshirt.
Now...we wait.
Oh my gosh...
We're on the ghetto prom bus!!!
well duh.
You open everything in your sleep.
I don't expect responses anymore.
Hahaaaha
Silly turnovers and missed layups killing the
Take a guess.
Take me out to the BALL GAME!!
doesn't follow anyone.
No, he really doesn't, it says 0.
I could just goto bed and save myself the stress of the next few hours
most demos are just locked versions of the full game
Who the fuck is this Riley guy.
Eyes on the prize RT
Guilty Involuntary manslaughter
I love you.
Today is national pie day.
What is your favorite pie?
anybody wanna hoop?
outside court by the dorms is calling my name
JackMcBrayer was on my public bus yesterday in Chicago!
I tried to speak, but words came out wrong!
:/
lots of silly people are trying to do that, including WaPo.
i would just ruin my life all over again
hey can u go follow my new GERL group we goin live with ray ray on the phone n tell people bout use go.....
Oh I love you!..please marry me..are you a widow?
Was your husband rich?..Answer the 2nd question 1st..
Groucho Marx
barley going home, chemistry is fucking hard I hate it.
.
This has been more like a divorce with FCP Apple.
The settlement took months LOL
great, looking forward to it!
I don't think there is a decision!
She can do what she wants...
just don't judge parents who do things differently!
Did u see RenitaCasting's tweet about Mexican actors?
Check it out.
Fellow doctorxeler Michael Scheuermann is up now, he's the VP of IRT
Ion know weird
Napoleon Dynamite
It's easier to go down a hill than up, But the view is much better at the top.
Henry Ward Beecher
If hair grows an inch a month, then this 6 long gray hair I just found can be directly attributed to this home buying/selling process.
I have a feeling its about to rain.
Yum, tonight!
Thanks to our delivery guy for braving the rain to bring us deliciousness!
come get some!
Burn.
RT : I would DL Doodle Jump instead of streaming Kevin Durant's shot, too
I'm apparently a model citizen.
Wow.
So far it is a good day, now lets hope some Stupid person doesn't come in and mess it up
Still looking to invest in a fabulous new coat for bm09.
Suggestions welcome for vintage/thrift stores in NYC.
Prefer to buy, not craft.
LA is amazing..
welcome back
I love my job
My very first tweet is to Joe Scarborough calling him  Peggy Noonan out for their Obama love,  he blocks me.
Is this normal?
hope you feel better
im soo bored!!
Ah why are tacos so delicious?
They're making being a vegetarian very difficult.
:/
make sure the style.css has content in it
One good turn gets most of the blankets.
you need to get more twitter savy thats why.
haha.
You are indeed following me now.
:
she looks beautiful:
By the way, I have only a laypersons knowledge of copyright so I don't know what I'm doing True for so many
LOL!!!!!!!!
I was thinking the same thing earlier tonight
Oh, man.
Smuggler's Cove.
Enjoy.
You weren't planning on doing anything Sunday morning, I hope?
ur Fucken awesom!!
I'm so sorry I broke ur crystal wine glass
Thanks!
I switched from dairy to soy, from red meat to fish, cut out processed grain, upped the yoga  added step/weights!
This Apple stuff is so GOOD..
Will be using for some inspiration today.
Great stuff!
you both know comments like that will always make my day
IT'S SATURDAY!
Come in for our 1/2 priced bottles of wine, oh  SURF  TURF!!
:
Sitting at SFO airport waiting to board my flight to Thailand.
Does anyone use the iPad VGA connector with their iPad 2?
If so, does the connector seat in all the way until it snaps?
I love to read because it helps me learn more  encourage me to do stuff,  helps me find words.
Rowen Elem 3rd grader
It's a really bad idea for me to be studying more than a day in advance.
I think I'll stop now.
: What are you waiting for?
GO GO GO!
1DVDcaptainoncomp 1DVDforme 1DHQ x
all of it hahaha.
Are you gonna do what you told me you were gon' do tomorrow?
oh ok thats good :
Mention as many times as possible between now  Friday, April 20th to enter to win 's 'Faithful to Believe' DVD
Correction: performance will be from 912 tonight.
Joline Blais: severing family creates taboo, topics we have forgotten how to discuss
Yes!
Hopefully very soon!
Good morning.
Thank you for the follows:
All frameworks have their limitations.
thank you gangsta!!::
Great workout!
Kyle Orten and the Chief about to pull off a HUGE upset.
Wtf
loo thanks jerry
same to u boo
Thanks buddy!
On a related note, we're back to thinking that gasoline and a match are our best landscaping tools.
Movement to the Middle!
It's about time!
When find someone good, dont go lookin for someone else
its all urs!!
U can also have the flap of skin with my Pisces tattoo :
Coconut Macaroons?
French Macarons?
Cake Balls?
Mini Pies?
What's the next it dessert?
What do you think?
What is reality?
Ramtha
we wish we would too!
Hopefully over the summer :
man..only been doing rifle for a total of 30 minutes since winterguard ended, and i already have a bruise on my hand!
I seem to have exhausted the world of both humor and inspiration.
Nothing to do but go back to bed, hope to feel better tomorrow.
Big game for Badgers on Saturday night plus the brewers play in game 1 of NLDS.
To call off or not to call off....
Great post.
Thanks for sharing :
meh, Bravo could help SKC much more than what he can do for Cruz Azul.
You know I love both teams :
yes, yes I am.
Shouldn't have stayed up till 4!
I need a red bull
I believe he can do it!
Too tired to function
Just received the greatest valentine from my bestie !
Love her too much!!
So bored I'm horny.
How does that work.
Really looking forward to BostonMiami in the Eastern Finals, you guys.
You're an over achiever  destroyed that exam.
Do you following world's junior men's hockey?
Pretty good games lately, Russia and Canada are the best!
If a doctoram is a wish your heart makes, and I sleep text you, it's probably a really good thing!!!
Right?
Can I help you, Nate?
No, just looking.
SuperBowl I mean halftime show could have been worse.
accidently pulled the hem out of one of her favorite skirts.
faculty meeting.
then hair appt.
Welcome aboard!
RT : We are really excited to now be a part of the movement...
Woot!
Selling getting up, going to the gym and exercising every day takes a real marketing genius
quot;the space as a catalyst for making things happenquot;
speech/language txart  science discover new ways to improve communication connectionsquality of life;D
I saw your posts about locker today because I follow uwathletics.
Then noticed your last name and I know of your dad.
TGIF!
What better way to enjoy than at a bubbly tasting?
Tonight 57pm.
5 to taste three.
No RSVP  just stop by!
long week.
we're open for business.
and they give us a hand ball?
bullsit!
So I was just washing my hands in the urinal and...wait, hold on a second
aha yes but this year Steve novak
Okay love , btw were hanging out this summer !
We're on a spinning ball in the middle of space, love your toes down to your face...
Korine's segment w/Val Kilmer was great, def the highlight of the film.
The rest, not so much.
The dogma rules wuz too broad
whatever , want.even like that .
But yeah worry bout ya own rude
I need some sunshine!!
That probably shouldn't have happened.
getting a little frustrated, but im going to just smile and pretend to not be!
????and what might that be woman
I know you wanna follow me.
; x9
Gwyneth is....stunning.
hey, Tessa.
Thank u 4 following.
I have the power; I prefer the authority.
When a girl is silent, she's either overthinking, tired of waiting, falling apart, crying inside, or all of the above.
The big day is approaching quickly save 40 percent and sign now
you know I do.
You know what I mean tho Summer in lville is just not the same as school year.
I'm sure ppl at UK feel the same
Complaining is good for you as long as you're not complaining to the person you're complaining about.
we agree!
Thanks!
If you agree that RickSantorum wants MittRomney to lose so Rick can run in 2016, pls RT
least I won some money
Solar Green Home For Sale in Denver!!
www.4820KingStreet.com
space is the place.
Monday night n me.
Only one team can play defense at a time in this game.
I think JAM is one of my alltime favorite words!
I don't think I use it enough!
My tummy hurts from lauging to much!!
Grad rate at Mooresville was 64 percent, now 91 percent
I'm so tired, my son who is recently diagnosed is beginning to stay up all night
www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic BEKA  THE GIN HALL HUSTLERS 
Listening to the soundtrack of the musical 1776 while amwriting .
Such good stuff.
May my wife refuse my bed if I can't deliver as I said!
adding your stuff to my todo list.
that awckward momment when in your last tweet you ment fucking but it autocorret changed it to tucking
cauldoctornafterdark very happy about all the praise for the Cauldoctorn from ESPN!
Loudest fans in MLS
You can say it all And I can bite my tongue
Night twitter;
Thanks for all the encouragement!
!
Red Sox win!
Woo
tellem RT : HEY MOSQUITOES, NO ONE LIKES A THIEF.
so if you and the boyz come to boson I will be the most happiest person on earth, I will cry.3
Shout out ta da lil bro fa having lil b album reserved...SWAG haha
Bout time the bobcats won lol
yo you are rated up 100.
You even got tatoos on Utopia of your head that's crazy.
Why so many?
bigomaha: Can't imagine there aren't a few of you who aren't Ultimate Frisbee nuts.
Admit it: Who brought their disc?
I just love how you continue to hurt me, and we aren't even talking anymore.
make it a double shot
He went.
Pumped up kicks just came on the radio.
Old Lol its my mom's ringtone.
Scratch previous tweet.
We cannot follow anyone.
WTF Twitter?????
I have no idea...I got home at 3:30am
polish kielbasa with green peppers and onions
Pants schmants.
I'm aiming for authenticity!
hey : it'll mean alot to me if you folloow me back 3
that was super fun!
I am off to eat some kisses!
He Ate My Face Lmaao And You Just Sat There.!
3
That awkward moment when you see someone you want to be friends with becaue you think you're just like them.
that isn't a comforting thought 
Well, I'm also really nice to people.
Let's see where that gets me.
Check back in....
Seven years :
Love all of y'all!!
3 Sorry I was a party pooper and left early.
ikr.
Best one I've seen in a long time
celebrityapprentince penn can't really be mad at adam.He was PM  took responsibility for his team.Not his fault Trump gonna fire 2.
CYBERMONDAY Free Shipping plus 15 off coupon...
www.ChristianGiftsPlace.com
Preparing to move and realizing I don't have as many boxes as I thought
what  of GOP agree with GOPWarOnWomen?
My heart leaps up when I behold a rainbow in the sky
Duddee I could really use some nachos
I want to be like Tommy Lee and have my own Starbucks in my house with a sweet little barista to make my day!
see you shortly
Scroll over video screen to access full screen
Lost's final season begins tonight.
I am SO excited!
SomeoneIWantToMeet my bed 
please don't :
If stress burned calories, I'd be a supermodel
I forgot you were my hero James Brown.
Can you forgive me?
Don't talk my tweets wrong, its only comedy!!
Dumbie!!
hahaha
What even is a dickhead?
I agree that answering every question with great question!
is ineffective.
It's annoying too.
Save for truly great questions.
Scary!!!
How about telling us what part of Speedway.
Happy Leap Day!
Enjoy!
From my Twitter poll it looks like the worst film ever to win a Best Picture Oscar is Every Film That Ever Won a Best Picture Oscar.
anytime lady :
The Skylight Music Theatre presents Thursday in the Ward with Wine.
Eat local artisan cheeses, sip wines,  enjoy a show!...
Thank you, Stephanie...
very much!
We're still OK, 20 miles away yet, just a bit smokey.
Looks to be a long season!
Death: Take my hand..
Person: No!
I know that if I touch you I'll die!
Death: OMG you're so smart!
High Five!
Person HighFives
I agree!
Mary's doctorsses are the best.
I also want Matthew and Mary to get together already.
Also Bates  Anna.
To put it simply: heck yes.
RT : Is it safe to say you're loving it?
you guys don't even follow your favorite doctorver?!
Less bummed about missing out on Warped this year being that is playing in Toledo on 9/16 :
how are u
oh good, I can finally sleep well at night, knowing that you're protecting me.
i miss !
Poor Rory.
Epic meltdown.
Fresh out the shower !
haha.
He's worse than me : and maybe part of the reason for my obsession!
Can we start a music revolution!?!
Rain this weekend......it doesnt rain in L.A.
or he...maybe xD
my pleasure!
thanks for coming!
i need to go to a believe concert.
now.
Mary will be doctorpping in today to inspect your room.
April Fools!
Fab Show!
Saw it 3 times!!
also i'm packing, so i'm terribly cranky anyway.
I need to buy a Galaxy S2 for da low...
Wassup?
Cloud Hosting Can Be Good For Both Small Along With Huge ...
I saw the movie Dysfunctional Friends.
I though you did a wonderful job.
I love that type of role on you.
Great job.
Being sick totally sucks.
As the adventures of Robert Downey Stark frequently teach us, it's not work if you do what you love.
No old lady just cause YOU told your granddaughter it's ok to pet my dog doesn't mean it did!!
Morn.
1st class down.
Oh Hells Yes!
At best, he'll have some paternalistic, scolding message to the Black community.
At worst, he'll Willie Horton us like Bush
Karon Butler look like he model Bluetooth headsets in his spare time.
Welcome, Publisher.
TURN HATE INTO MOTIVATION FOR SUCCESS AND LIFE IS GOOD
Uhh.
I must not be dorking enough?
New NO in Jedi?
No comprende :
Bringin' the PBR skateboard tonight!
Come out to tnnpbrtuesday to win!
i just realized i never actually said happy birthday to u yesterday,so happy birthday i wuv you and i get to see u tomorow!
For some reason they ate less when they hated blacks and had more access to plaid.
In other news, about 5 Cobb Police cars hittin' up the neighbor's house right now.
I disagree, but that's cool.
I'm not going to tell you that you're wrong for liking it.
I like that you like it.
Waiting for new season of ABDC!!
Make someone smile today:
also, remind me to tell you the awesome thing I want to tell you tomorrow.
And don't get me started on the kerning!
; 
it was 2 am lol its early but i had places to be in the morning
did you not need to upload your poster on Monday?
The hashtag for those who couldn't attend ala11 is
i have that one tapped to my computer
Well that was quite enjoyable...
the dash of sexiness didn't hurt.
I'm hooked.
This child is a survivor!
darn that wouldve been fun.
We had Football practice till 6:30 tho
Smoking weed under star projectors
fashionadviceneeded Cell phone in pocket or belt holster?
in addition to Favorite there should be a I also find this frustrating button.
hockey is this sport where they have this little white ball, 3 bases, one home....oh wait
MT : A3: doctorving conversions is key for us.
Conversion usually means diff things to diff brands.
of what?
i went out of the house and saw a black car i blinked and it was gone
Purging.
Have nothing in your houses that you do not know to be useful or believe to be beautiful.
William Morris.
Losing my mind
What I would most enjoy in imaginary Shazamtype apps though would be an Identify the regional accent one.
The fog was really cool in my neighborhood this morning ...
appeared to be stuck in one person's backyard
sorry I am so e dumb, i am seeing your work on the site
Is this the same req over and over or are these multiple spots?
Go Team Holly!:
Were the ladies at
Today, March 1st is World Compliment Day...
Figueroa Philly Cheese Steak has the best fans ever!
yeah and it's all coming true.
Congrats on Trooper!
What age kids will MS have?
When somebody tells you nothing is impossible, ask him to doctorbble a football.
Author Unknown
the kills were all exact.
Her first direct kill was the raid at the Cornucopia, tho  fighting for the backpack/meds.
2nd was mercy
Uhhuh...sure!!
For kids Hey, I'll always be a kid, will get it on next grocery excursion.
I'm sorry I had to be the one to tell you.
:
I can't wait to see what you do.
I loved the photos of her nursery!
If only you saw what I can see; you'd understand why I want you so desperately...
3
About to get silly in the name of cancer research!
Art show tonight at Bedouin Vintage Collective.
Art from Dion Terry, Jason Feather  Michael Amorillo.
2621 El Cajon Blvd.
Starts at 6pm.
it's not bob marleys birthday
my mind is being blown so far!
Send the unfinished package to me..Love MM's
they some lil dumb hoes!!
RT: These young bitches got no sense
Hm, wondering how NFL selected Payton as the scapegoat for something that was probably widely practiced?
Finally updated to OS X Lion.
Trying out this new Twitter app from the app store.
What?
AWESOME BECAUSE LOUD BURNHAM MUSIC ROCKS!
There should be.
I think toes spend a lot of time being traumatized.
Wise actions are stronger than wise words
you wat.
I can't count the ways carmageddon has amused me  brightened up my day as an angsty teenager.
3
RT in the building!!!
how many tickets could I steal from you for tomorrow's Nuts game?
Why the hate for riley cooper .
You can all shut your faces.
Might get in trouble at work for this doctorss I'm wearing...
We shall see.
Homemade chana masala, a tripel, and some grainy bread.
Ready for the rest of the day.
Time to eat i was STARVING
thanks for your support, see you this afternoon
alright  your a great singer.
We are so excited to share more music with you all.
When our Facebook gets 500 likes, we'll post more music!
Tell your friends!
:D Jenny
you know you're from Madison when you read badgirlsclub as
I know!
Isn't it?
Glad you're liking it!
oh hi
Bryce Harper just flat out hustles 100 all the time.
Everyone has a fair chance to be as great as he or she wishes to be
OMG STOP IM FREAKING OUT ARE YOU SERIOUS OMFG I NEED THE FLIGHT INFO OMFG IM DYING
Stop in today for our Sunday Brunch Buffet until 2:30!
Prime rib!
Eggs Benedict!
Biscuits  gravy and much more!
when's the next time he is playing live?
Thank you!
How did it go?
Not really a big Don't Knotts fan.
leave me alone nigga
Bitch you get no love:
Of course  we adore it!
I guess?
By Stephens Coll and Lee Elem on the southeast corner of downtown?
I need to get my tweet game up.
I'm still in the 100s lol
PeopleNeedToStop remaking oldies but goodies and start making original material.
So much for squealing over politicizing things like this.
224185obamacampaignsuggestsromneywouldnothavelaunchedbinladenraid
Congrats boosie.
God works wonders.
Your music is still terrible tho
It has to be!
RT : I actually feel bad for Kerry Wood right now.
I'm sure this is miserable for him.
I want to know why there's no Marshmallow setting on this microwave.
ur siblings set of an alarm lol
PAGAN!
I hate rainy days...I just wanna stay tucked under the covers
You would be amazed at what antivirus software can't kill.
I have up to date protection, but these new viruses....
Good actors can sort of see into people and immediately you have a chemistry with them or not.
It's like an affair with no mess.
John Cusack
Remind your friends and family to go vote Jackie Walorski for Congress this Tuesday!
the more the better!
lets all line up!!!
Last day to Out Write Janet  send your word counts in to Joy tomorrow!
Glad you like the concept!
Have you been to any of the places on the list?
: In Camden, NJ 5 of patients account for 60 of costs.
Is this typical?
Hauntingly, we don't know.
you know you want to see a bunch of wussy folk rockers try to play Call Me Lightning.
My peppermint piccolos are off key.
Great job today!!
Good seeing you!
See you Thursday morning!
Manzano Mile!!!
April 2nd.
Kids can run the Future Milers race for free, get a tech tee, and meet Leo Manzana.
Register at manzanomile.com
Can't wait to see what's in season this year on the beach farm
: What you give is what you get.
My daddy said that and I'll never forget.
Tiana

Thanks for the update, fellas, and for all the work you do.
we couldn't agree more!!
Or a nice Garnacha and some Coffee Toffee, or a nice unoaked Chardonnay and some milk chocolate!
I haven't played spades since Harriet Tubman was in 3rd grade
Lmao, yes that place
Instarchive?!
RT : We've found the future of journalism: newspapers coming out on Instagram
Let's go OKC!
that amazing writing moment in Lost?
What season?
I'm getting close and I dont wanna miss it!
:
no countertops to make anything on
Sure!
Thanks.
What is your favorite song from the 90's?
Life's too short to be stressed!
Whether you visit us for some pampering or just spend time meditating, make sure you get some youtime.
I miss you!!!
FYI: Now 8 of the 15 seats are spoken for at the Sat.
April 7 NOLAEats dinner at Borgne.
RSVP required, noshows will be given wedgies.
ThingsMyMotherSays my momma used to say yumo like Rachel ray did whenever she tasted something she liked.
Awesome Mention, Thank U!
FF Love
Eli just said, Momma, I've been playing this guitar for 40 years.
He is so silly, he must think he's an old man!
RT : Superberry and Clear Mind kombucha by Brew doctor are on tap in the juice bar.
follow back?
:D
Go on a trip with the wife and don't bring a tux!
The common reputation of Twitter is that its frivolous, which isnt the case
Won't be product of my environment give me some time my environment will be product of me
So excited to pick Robbie up from the airport today!
I see Mime and Dance being integrated into the next week ;
Thanks for the RTs.
Now blasting music
Quinn the Eskimo.......again
No Adele, but there may be singing involved.
Details in development.
That would be epic
Thanks for the RT!!!
Honoring my nephew on my journey!!!
I have more tweets than followers.
Does that make me a loser?
Good morning!
It's.
Friday!
Cooper dealership in Ann Arbor to be acquired by Columbus, Ohio, dealer  Detroit Free Press
Watching go from their old cottage to a brand new studio.
Kind of inspiring, very cool.
Been watching since TechTV.
no but i'm definitely flipping between TBN and
Omg I want Starbucks
So give us some legislation to consider.
Now there are 2 options: HR 1254 or synth marijuana next to candy bars  bubble gum
I think it's a great time to book one of the DJ's
why Erica face look like a big toe though?
Pacers closing out
I hate saying goodbye to my best friend and not knowing when I'm going to see her again :
gettoknowyourfollowers week can you tell us more about your gallery?
are you planning musical gifts for christmas?
we can help if we know early.
Hey I wish I could meet you.
And this is crazy.
But follow me maybe?
Sincerely,
sounds like you are stuck in 1996
Hahaha!
Thankfully my taste in music isn't THAT bad!
2WAY SMS can doctorve engagement/behavior change.
Txt QUIT to 47848 to see how helps reach teens to
not true...but look like him tho
Love love love love love.
That is all.
Lots of artificial legs walking round Seattle2 in 10 mins.
High age vets?
Vacation means not having to be doctorssed at 10:30AM.
I need more of this vacation thing.
Did you make it to SloPigMKE last night?
Boredom is very dangerous!
Hello new mercies
I need to invest in a nice leather portfolio.
Yikes, next paycheck?
my buddy got a big mouth she wasent suppose to say that lol im abaut to dm u
text me a picture of the bin
No more Nene and Melo getting coach's fired It's like Christmas!!!
Don't forget to visit the Prize Center at our virtual summit on ebooks for info on how to win an iPad today at the show!
WILD WEDNESDAYS at BROADWAY BAR !!!
IT GET GOOD, COME SEE FOR YOURSELF !!!
I told you some would be sitting on their antiMormon bag of slings and arrows until Romney secures the nomination.
Here it comes.
Problems!
Can't stop listening to especially the song Can't Wait
If your shirt covers up more of your thighs than your pants do, A there's a problem and B you're a hoe.
we gon' get the FBI up in here to shut this place down!!!
haha
Who's quote is that?
what happened to it?
Hey now all we need is a 'beer planet' with a pizza moon orbiting it and I'm set!
Our meal at on Mon night was delicious.
Prosciutto wrapped figswow.
Thanks and
Just checked it out.
Love it!
But don't think there is a way to use it for Pages.
: /
You want the truth?
You're a short, fat, ugly ho.
AGirlDeserves someone to love n so does a guy
Don't worry.
Eagles got this.
This a 4 quarter game.
Oh, wait.....
ff The hottest new artist
Ah but my girls tho haha killin ...Ah ...Champions?
i love my CPD 150 class.
we have so much fun in there.
:
hello Alex :
Hope you get that job!!
I'd hire you to do it if I could!
Wear new clothes.
And get a...
No, hang on...
You should have gotten a haircut yesterday.
Not getting power from your pressure washer?
Clean the tips.
What a difference it makes.
well thank you : and of course I will 3
I dunno but I want to go there, light a candle or something.
A 5.8 magnitude earthquake just struck Virginia.
Felt it here in Washington DC.
Mike miller looking like billy hoyle.
Lol.
I used to always wish my name was Haley.
I'm being a hater.
Bad girl!
:P haha
you really aren't sold on the iPad yet?
What about the Fire?
I love both of mine.
LOL!
Have a great weekend my BFF
aw girl I am absolutely loving it here thanks!
I will visit as soon as I get the chance I promise!!!!
3
just follow
text me cuh
Hi, Wednesday?
Please be nice to me.
I'm still in shock.
This shit make a nigga just wanna shit on everybody
going to HEB to buy cantaloupes
they got a police escort.
Should be there now
Very different perspectives between Obama and
For sure.
Gale has been on my list for a long time.But the source DB may be the trouble today or the SFX knowledgbase.
Cosign!!
Take the verbal beating like a man!
It's a sign of disrespect when u don't give the winner props.
LOVEE Hollywood doctoram : awesome job.
Time is priceless, so don't waste it.
Def a bit more sacred.
DEF RT : Marriage is as Sacred as a Record deal contract ...
Mavs have survive 3rd to have a chance to steal one
Today's featured man candy: If he was a candy bar he would be a mister Goodbar, if you know what I mean.
Working on Nike commercial all night long.
Hope I can stay awake
spencerkanemusic is my screen name.
u on SKYPE now?
y he wanna a brother so bad he 2 talkin bout n damn brother
literally so fucking exhausted
Big cheers as the black team's Smith  Justice are introduced
Jeeze Penny is such a major bitch!
I'm craving fried tofu in brown sauce, egg doctorp soup, and veggie spring rolls.
Agh, sounds so good right now.
don't you listen to WWL?
C'mon girl.!
Tha people yew love tha most can play two sides ov tha fence too...
Wolf: Why would your wife make the best first lady?
Newt: Which one?
the Spur of the game lastnight..
I told you I follow you on twitter..Haha
it's sponsored by meetup at meetup.
is going to present too.
should be fun.
let me know if u have q's
I'll be there Fri and Sat all day if you can make it back by
That's really sad
aren't you adorable standing up for a homophobic flopper.
full credit for beating us for the first time in five years.
Florida is awesome
Tune in to at 2:30pm!
doctorHeather will be discussing Keratin Enhance and Collagen Enhance with
Watching the Blues Bros.
Eating Home Run Inn pizza.
Now all I need is a green river soda
More library tours...
the Reference desk can help you find any References that you need!
Today's Black movie of the day is Red Tails!
Yes I already saw it but this time I'm going with my youth group at church.
I could listen to Mike Tyson talk all week
someone from Henrietta was number 5 in the doctorft I heard.
Rolling a blunt wish I had someone to smoke it with..
The cove is my New favorite place to eat NOW.
Broke my silence, but I still supported the cause.
Look at my wall.
My status updates show there, but not on the public wall.
Strange?
Shut the hell up!
Your not a no body fool!
Your beautiful, smart, sexy, and if you don't know you've been bless, Dam you!
hi thanks for the message.
I have messaged u on fb.
Let me know when is good time to talk.
Thanks for reaching out :
That's that Sarah palin....
please tell me your kidding...
Go Milwaukee Brewers!!!
Wanting to see BreakingDawn again :/
only temporarily!
just here on an extended holiday!
good to be back though : miss this part of the world 3
uh oh what's that mean?
wait what?
haha
I do recognize the other two lines, but I don't know the next lines.
Nice Psalm 1 reminder there harry :
Next time, add some cool indie artists and crafters to the brew for clustertruck .
Screw you Daniel Bryan
Back to twoadays, gotta get this booty firm for summer,
hate blackouts :/
MJS: Barrett has said that WI under Walker lost more jobs in 2011 than any other state in the nation.
Wrong.
Your paper/BLS have.
good bas zaha2 kteeeer and i am listening to hurricane u?
lol; those people are better than me; cause I'll be damned if I try that total darkness stuff
nutella is god!
thanks I'll be ok.
The walk home may have been more scary
People at school can't stop talking.
To other people they say we're all a big family, my class.
lol no.
you wish we were family.
Baby boy and I headed to Richtown for Graduation.
So proud of her!
I feel like if this protesting continues people are gonna end up rioting and then I won't be able to go downtown anytime soon .
First day home from Utah, and instead of working, I have been loving reading the Alt recaps from folks!
Last pointwhen all else fails, keep track on the calories
I don't know whats happening, Creatively Im feeling the doors open again,
FUCK NOW WE HAVE TO GO TO THE GUM
Just got a text from my sister.
She is waterskiing in S.
Illinois.
May 6.
Haha that's funny, I can see those old people watching
RT Visitor Comment of the Day: Please tell mister Nelson I like his museum very much..
LookinG For ThiS
Here when ya need me for perm IT talent!
:
Its hot as hell.
Damn.
How about Very bad, very scary, very terrible things happen.
And then they happen again.
And again.
:D
Attention ICONiacz!
what should I get Madison and Mikey when I meet them in April?
Any ideas?
:
Philly is in Pennsylvania, Ozzfest is in Camden New Jersey.
clearly no, it's not.
The man who says his wife can't take a joke, forgets that she took him.
Oscar Wilde
Can U wake up with jetlag if you doctoramed in the wrong direction?
Sure feels like it.
Omg stop following me.
That garners RESPEK.
Way.
I stack paper and I ball outrageous, too.
RT Ain't no way you listen to Young Jeezy!
That angry energy is good!
They can channel it back towards getting involved in their community, being a voice for change
Back in my old jeans...
tight, but buttoned!
Now what to do about the muffintop?!...
:
Lmao he is crazy lol : My dad: Zyrece what would you do if I came to yo school with some skinny Jeans on?
Me: o0 hide Smh this m
Fine then.
I'll just eat Chinese food every night.
whiny dude on the phone w/his lady, trying to get her to come over.
Can't believe I've been for a year already!
I feel blessed to have this opportunity and continue to love what I do.
Fun watching Mavs at hotel bar.
Think we picked up a few fans even with loss
I've been asked to do a last minute library tour/scavenger hunt for 1013 year olds on Saturday.
This should be hilarious for all involved.
aw thankyou!!!
It's perfect!!
: 3
Reputation for tastin, I'm killing them hoes, like Jason.
Yup  is washing his hair in the sink post bird shit attack.
When I see stupid people on Twitter acting like Obama legalized gay marriage I want to yell at them, but then I remember that they're too
content marketing is where you create media so you can be your own advertiser.
A kind of cross between Julia Roberts and Jack Nicholson.
Jeremy Novick about Lolita Davidovich
If I don't get to see her tomorrow I know I'll live my whole life with regret.
Alright, thanks !
The film is almost entirely finished it's rough cut  then moving towards a fine cut asap!
post a link to it
no way Ravens trade up for Hightower, too many needs to trade away doctorft picks this year...they pick at 29 or trade out.
It's now sunday which means one thing.....
TONIGHT!!
so just to warn you all, i will be V E R Y excited.
yayayay!
why did espn hold the syracuse sex tape for eight yrs.
They persecuted paterno and are giving the same answers he gave.
I apologize for being out of twitter for a while.
Let me know what's going on and I'll retweet anything you tweet me!
Lol I fail with guys
Modernistorical Cuisine?
meets A molecular take on vintage recipes.
For some reason the holidays increase my rate of falling asleep in public.
Dude hostel is some HOSTILE shit.
Want a iphone but Im waiting for iphone 5 :
Eeep...
tonight is gonna be awesome..
I know : Jake visits him 2 times a year so hopefully there will be one soon!
It's so weird/cool to scroll through Instagram and see people screen shot apps you design the UI for.
I second this notion.
: Amazing set last night at 
you're my love and my best friend
goooodmorning : how'd you wake up on this beautiful morning?
htown is back!
Break a leg cast of Hiding From Adults!!
We know you'll kill it at
The 7ounce Genesee JR bottles we experimented with back in the day were great, but they left us craving something.
Like 5 more ounces.
40 autoplaten die cutter has to be sold by June 2.
Current offer 40,000.
BuyItNow price of 65,000!
888BRAUSSE.
Call for Info.
Okay, good to know it's not a totally wacky question.
I'm with you re: college.
put her n e where.....
She'll be the baddest in the room
Yes he did...and his best dances are still to come!
Jerry Coleman Billy Almon has all of his inlaw and outlaws here this afternoon.
Those were the days..
Smh Lol : MyFirstYeatAtFAMU used to help me clean my room lol 
Love is lifting the restraining order.
good morning!
Someone tweeted about smiling at whomever you pass and it reminded me of you.
inshallah everything will be okay ...
n that's my personal sincere
This fellow journalist cheered when you stuck to the facts tonight.Keeping them honest isn't a catchphrase, it's our job.
Exhausted from such a long day!
Been a bad tweeter this week!
Just been too busy!
Will make up for it this weekend!
Ahh yes, 7:30 on a Friday night.
When my Twitter feed floods with Instagram pix of buddy's beers and their foursquare bar checkins.
Magic.
no that was for the guy that recommended the McDonalds owned Mexican.
ooh.
Our power is out at the library too.
Wonder what happened.
oh...ur in my hood!
Have fun!
If you're absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success.
Keeping stakeholders from introducing feature creep.
Please do not power off or unplug your machine.
Installing 1 of 3...
I gotta hit the road  I Hate Microsoft
Ugh.
You had to remind me didn't you?
I really wish I could be there!
If you want to reach a goal, you must 'see the reaching' in your own mind before you actually arrive at your goal.
Zig Ziglar
Thanks for the mention!
It's cuz I'm smart.
LOL
How are you celebrating your cinco de mayo, lakeview?
Come start the day right with us at !
the awkward moment when someone comes up to you like hey!
But you no clue who they are.
FIRST weekend opening....success!!!
YAY!!!!

we used to play sandlot games with members from my school's team and I was better than most of them.
Not bragging!
Pondered the complexities of time travel and other aspects of quantum physics.
Thanks for sharing Alex's post with your followers!
Have an awesome week :
Thought without action is not worth much, and action without thought can be even worse.
GO LIONS!
Following the IndyCar crash at Las Vegas a week ago, Will Power has been diagnosed w/compression fracture of fourth thoracic vertebra.
Hey man, just a heads up; i'm sending you a DM in a bit.
Had a cool idea last night.
which game should I attend this year?
Need to keep the live tweeting tradition alive!
i still cant believe my favorite band is going to be on my favorite show!!!!
Congrats :D
Also, let it be said that David Halberstam is a lousy typist.
do you think cows would ever fly.
You know what really bugs me?
who comes up with these stupid trends like IfTwitterHadAPromIdTake That really bugs me!
Follow and retweet!
Damn peopes kids yelling in IHOP...
The campus police investigate crimes that occur on campus or school grounds.
The campus police are a local LEA.
awesome!
Thanks!
:
O'Flaherty denying report he will step down.
Says he intends to serve out as Judiciary chair this session.
Ohh and our gym class  :
Using the Norwegian keyboard ...
my fingers are fumbling a bit.
People need to make up their damn minds.
Thanks Chris and WE ARE!
RT Just wanted to say hey to prsms !
Hope you're having fun.
: 
congrats on the young dem article in this weeks CL
I got 50 on OKC tonight!!!!
Happy Monday!
Thanks for the follow...right back at ya!
The winner of our Perfect Grandma Contest is Betsy Roybal from Las Vegas, NM!
We are deeply honored to have her represent us.
We've been getting a lot of production requests  we're booked out until Fall, so for all those looking for videoproduction  PLAN EARLY!
sorry for the late response.
Pop up afternoon showers will become a more consistent rain tonight and tomorrow.
I heard the Rubicon in Mission Hills is opening tomorrow...
FINALLY!
Clearly I am preoccupied.
Why else would I be wide awake in the middle of the night.
Again.
that sucks 
Boom!!!
.02 off my fastest time and it's the first day on this new bike : tires made the biggest difference
Shareholder Files Lawsuit Over Windstream, Merger
: Puccini's ranch will always be better than Mother Bear's ranch.
I second that.
Just got back from an AARP shoot, edited, transmitted, and it's about to go online  how's that for expediency
this is exactly what makes them cool.
I'm sleeping in your living room...don't wake me
Got 3 pieces of snail mail from Verizon today confirming decisions I made on the Internet.
One of which was enrolling in paperless billing.
Happy Saturday mornin' friends.
;
awwwwh!
:D tell him in grounded from my phone and i cant V.V tell him to get back on twitter D: im ok..
my bffs r over :D
Up early !
Talking lizards, pile of money with eyes, old creepy dude, cavemen  geico has too many spokespeople
so hungry!
think we're going to a Japanese in Glasgow before the Kings  Excited :.
My computer is so dumb.....
Monday Night Raw!!!!
:x
Using the Monterrey Bay Aquarium seafood app to pick dinner at SeaChange!
I just applied for a meeting!
Having a blast on set!
So much fun working with such an awesome crew!
same to you too :
you should come to in June.
is going to be here...need I say more?
My bed is huge.
congrats, dude!
How is that fair?
Newt Gingrich ends his speech in Iowa with Eye of the Tiger and just seconds later it's trending worldwide on Twitter.
I agree: another reason he is better for CBB than the likes of Bo Ryan or the spawn of Pitino
Wanna be in the band?
awesome!
congrats!
Wake up and smell the disruption.
2012 will be a whole new game for the publishing industry.
And Hollywood is shaking hands.
Lees got a brand new oven, so she can bake more croissants for you on weekends.
Plain, chocolate and almond.
Crisp and light.
I'm Keelly xD nice to kinda meet you sir :
I usually get excited for new apple announcements.
But since I bought a MBP in november...not too stoked for the new release.
I've been off the grid, especially the twitter grid, but congratulations on all the roads that SILVER SPARROW has traveled!
yay!
Are you my soulmate?
'Cause if so, girl you a blessing
RT RT : The only way our kids will win is if they have options.
doctor Howard Fuller
So far away from where you are these miles have torn us worlds apart and I miss you and I wish that you were here...
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years.
He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq.
Can you help him to find a job?
Omg gotta buy that song!!!
:D
sharing is caring, right?
thanks for watching the video.
Absolutely.
RT including a baby in a bar?
i need summer, im so sick of papers, readings, projects, and homework.
....
you applied to a McDonalds in Los Angeles?
Found myself missing coffee mosies with and as well as the ones with and
Had ketchup with my eggs this morning
I feel bad for the girl that slipped on the other girls wig.
yep sadly
At Andoctorw Jackson's funeral in 1845, his pet parrot had to be removed because it was swearing.
All safe here in dfw.
Storm passed by work.
RT : Check out my YouTube Page  FrancoiseTheLight
do you see finley walking next year?
yea filth ball happy birthday :
:P Give me a break!
We need this one, it means nothing for the Bulls!
You think you're real?Since when did real mean acting/being different with every person/group you talk to??
hey bm .....love yall
I am so not a flirt.
Can't a girl talk to a guy without getting accused of flirting?
Come.
On.
It's OpeningDay!
Good luck to the Milwaukee Brewers!
Any tailgaters want to doctorp off a few brats and beers our way?
Good luck with your SYEP application.
We started in 2010 tweeting about openings you can intern for
Is a knowitall jerk, that tried to get snippy with me for losing his Hickman Academy shirt which, he lost...then found.
Me, today  unbelievably fast email processing machine.
Harbaugh statement: My reference was to the perception out there that came as the result of the leagues actions.
Just when things look bad remember kids Charlie loves you.
Lol: : :
um don't worry I'll still be here for 2 more hours
I told you I was coming home Monday morning!!
Photobucket if I'm not mistaken!
Breaking News : Dick Clark pre taped New Years Rockin Eve for the next 5 years
I agree, apple has created some great opportunities to change resolution standards, I wish monitors would follow suit.
Orlando Magic Reportedly Interviewing Adonal Foyle for GM Position
see you then!
You haven't accepted my request to view your Instragram photos, so I'm missing out on what I suspect is a lot of Toby awesomeness.
I still think that we shouldn't rely on a rodent to decide how long winter will be for us.
well..I know MaryAnn has it in for me lol she hates the attention I get from guys lol
RT Just finished 3 hrs of hrg re devastating cuts to CA's judiciary.
Democracy cannot std w/o healthy judiciary.
thanks for the help!
We can only use your content to provide you the service.
Nothing else.
We are explicit about that.
Feel like I checked out of the world last week.
But I promise to be more in touch starting now.
Where would I be without my friends?
:
my sister babyshower was yesterday, she got lots and lots of stuff.....
hey hey Jen!!!
Welcome to twitter!!
3
Wow!
Love that idea and the pic.
The main purpose of life is to live rightly, think rightly, act rightly.
The soul must languish when we give all our thought to the body
Well connected, fuck wit niggas well respected
Double Duds: The 10 Worst Duets Since quot;Ebony and Ivoryquot;  Houston Press
Thats awesome!!
Keep it up!
Padoctors went in 1992.
The San Diego airport is on route 992.
It's the first time we've had 4 generations in the workforce
FollowFriday Kickass bands  great people too!
ThankYou
Watching the game with mad fun and funny.
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Winston Churchill
Suppa bowl.
Altho can you still fqll it that if the steelers aren't in it....
It takes a REAL MAN to let go of his old ways  move forward.
Immature boys detest making change 4 the better, maturity is irrelevant 2 them
Storm on way!
Well it's really small but it'll do :
were you able to get through to the support email?
mine is being rejected by their servers....
Pizza Hut is offering stuffed crust with the crust stuffed with hot dogs.
doesntsoundgood How about stuffed with Ice cream?
Deli meat?
Moving right along...May issues now at Dominos, 9th St.
Deli, Library, Tandoor, Kim Moon, more.
Hungry for lunch yet?
I am.
bobos they cost a nickel and a dime...
Thanks Kathy!!!
Wish you were here!
check out for the What Women Want retail event in
ok, revision: all of those gross states are the poor man's California.
I won't the heat to lose, only because he talked so much shit about LA last night
So funkin' true RT : Staying with someone who doesn't appreciate you isn't loyalty, its stupidity.
LETS SET A DATE
Reason enough to attend Conference in Kansas City: Policy Director 's health reform analysis.
for the extra credit do i watch the video to hlp answr the?'s
text me
mixed feelings for CJ return.
I was a big fanof his as a ranger, and was ok with him leaving but not with words/actions since.
I think Frenchy is going to go down as the next Yaz.
We will be playing 3 pre season games tomorrow against UNC in Johnstown at Nelson Farm Fields.
Games start at 11am
On my hard doctorve, where is the check at RT : where them beatz at???
Weird inside jokes :'D
TEMPLE RUN BITCH!
!!!
Are you One Direction, cuz yu stole every piece of my heart ;
going to the bathroom before 's Ustream so i dont miss anyhting
It's Rubie Tuesday!
Until 9pm!
That means two piercings for the price of one!
This includes basic jewelry!
I know, I am full of excellent advice.
Oh BTW, you owe me an update of life.
Email me.
xox
GIRLS NIGHT OUT WITH MY SMEXYS!!!
.
Hope you guys liked the show.
It will air seven more times on and on Saturday at 2:30pm!!!!
safe travels.
It was great to see u for a short time
No time to loose trend happybirthdayjboogz and call me maybe
Finally let the weekend begin 
Dale Thayer  Kenny Powers
Tweet me back at the end of June.
LeBron is great...but Durant is better
Best shower ever.
it's ok...I mean once the clap gets you it's hard to break free...
Never let others decide for you.
You have your own will.
Choose your happiness and what you love.
It's your life you'd live with not theirs.
There are some seriously ugly bitches out there.
After yesterday , he might as well change his name back to Ron Artest , lol
This is clear demarcation point for the close
Jean Mann just brought in her recycled glass lights!
Gorgeous!
Holiday Party tip:Watch the beverages, especially alcohol, they have high calorie counts.doctornk water and have a natural high.
could Red Sox/Brewers do a Youk/KRod swap?
I miss making love
How Did You Like Fliming With Kandi I Heard She Is A Good Actor
Floetry on point!
Uh oh, performance anxiety.
grins
With my love today need I say more?
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
Thomas A.
Edison
Who's not?!
: RT who's in austin this weekend??
I always used it as fuck the world...
So when I played wow I just though there were a bunch of really pissed kids saying ftw lol
Where is the Giants defense????
audio definition
oh some of them are quadoctortics.
x27x12
thanks!
Looking forward to working more with you as well.
Happy to have familiar faces
PC running slow?
Start off by getting our 15 point check diagnostics Today!
I think imma turn my damn phone before I get rude god know
I heard you like coffee.
Chris: Work at MHS, a much larger, more robust archives program; has been at MHS in 2002, focused more on public and academic librarianship
May have to leave the city for NFL season.
15: Nice username  location :D tweet me more!
Stealing sandwiches you don't even like cause your names steven.
Saw an evangelist trying to proselytize to a group of deaf students
Weed  your life
Today concert UWS st.gregchurch playin big band arrg w/horns  choir...
hats off to music dir for putting on this
dam it you screw everybody but me.
I love that tree.
MT : Lewis: Academic libs must deconstruct print collns, stop itembyitem selection.
Also item by item deselection
I thought you were heading to the west coast?
DM deets and I will send some recs for dc prowling.
it's what he said after leaving that they are pissed off at
Hey DC Metro, at this point you don't really have to go out of your way to tell me to expect delays.
I have the colts game recording at home!
Excited to watch painter!
Special delivery!
: RooseveltIsland postoffice 2 stay open.
USPS made a list; glad they checked it twice  did the right thing
Tho charging an 18 ur old senior w/ a 17 ur old senior is crap.
That's not a pedophile.
Say, my New Task Alerts are off by a day  they think the 15th is a Saturday, etc.
Displays correctly elsewhere.
FYI.
nothing better than a long weekend off with my man...
too bad we're starting the weekend off with a funeral
Looking forward to the Arthritis Foundation's Jingle Bell run tomorrow with our client Findley Davies!
Suits for sure.
More comfortable and more fun!
i really need Spo to get a play for Miller or Jones there though!
no problem and thank you.
FranciscoRevilla: I'm not a lawyer but patent the tech.
to recognize a gesture, not the gesture itself.
sometimes thats just how it is ://
Don't See Why They Have Him On ESPN This Man Seriously Don't Have a Reason He Don't Like Lebron!
Happy happy happy hour!
Be happy the week is over  come celebrate with us!
I hope it gets out of hand.
Maybe the obese Iowan takes it in the gut
RT : Awesome, hope you give us a try!
p.s.
ManStyle hashtag is farking brilliant
Leaving for vegas in an hour.
Is it wrong for me to think that I'm the only vo who has mc lust?
Listening to a pack of neighborhood kids scream Ice Cream Man!
while The Entertainer plays in the background
I got you man I worked on three fire tracks today and got a bomb ass Willie Hutch sample Im doing now
To all NFL players, Make sure you read the Small Print before signing off on this deal it's a 10 year contract, no changes allowed after.
Kola Hollywood is fake as all Hell.
You will be fine.
Don't let them get to you they couldn't go through what you have  LIVE :
Taco Bell is delicious!!
Thomas I inroduced My friend to ICONic Boyz and she sayd you are her husband Dont you think its cute REPLY soI can tell her
Care Crisis: Thousands Of Foster Families Needed  Sky News
ugh man.
I haven't seen a game since Thursday.
I picked a great time for vacation.
My 7290 might be optimistic.
RT : Hm..I wanna watch HSM 2 with to get in the summery mood : Wat time is it?
Summer time!!
:
you will never doctorp or lose your phone with an ikeep
came to visit me :
Thanks, guys!
Gotta call this man when I get off about this shot
I 3 movies as much as I need to see if I can get screeners.
That'd be awesome!
This HiredHand calling himself a Preacher said he don't care how much unrighteous acts R done by the Righteous they remain righteous!
Huh
I'm doing some major pouting.
haha definitely going to put it on now
Your followers thank you for the only tweet what you've fully read commitment.
: What are you playing?
Yeesh Tampa, you are a humid place.
Thanks Lisa for follow list!
Don't let defeat define you, define defeat as part of your journey to success!
Expose.EMPOWER.Unleash.
Just flipping through the new catalog, showering under this stuff would put anyone in a great mood!
Date night with !
Dear Google, We use ur web browser, youtube, and ur search engine I'm sorry but we're just not going to use ur social network  Everyone
Hooray for ,  !
Congrats on getting through your 21slides in 5 minutes  getting us to think.
Coming Soon Photos !
People feel comfortable around someone who is comfortable with himself.
If I had to choose between breathing and loving you I would use my last breath to tell you I love you.
Living in America and flying to another city in America to run a fucking marathon.
literally....
Everyday : EverydayIThinkAbout what it would be like to be taller.
shortgirlproblems
Just put it on a GRID and everything will be fine!
Thirsty Thursday buy any 2 of our products and we'll send u 3rd FREE www.lasvegashcg.com
Yup.
Forgot my wallet at the crib
If you have any questions visit www.theadamouski.blogspot.com
awesome show.
Come back to Columbus soon.
First doctornk is on me!
Thank you even though we have the same name but are last names are different
history museum historical Tomorrow: Take Courage!
Heroism and heartache as 3 veterans of the Battle of Au Pac recount that day.
we like to discuss partnership in the EDU coalition with other major EDU tools.
Who can we mail about it?
Rocking out to party in the USA in study hall.
whatuppppp.
I really don't want to wake up..
Ever
...And three live with me...
i'm sure if he could grow it, he would.
Mark your calendar NOLA  our next swap is coming your way on Saturday, December 18 at The Occasional Wife!
Hm, that depends on how you like movies and books that end differently.
I liked both, but I liked the movie better.
hope she never knows you tweet while you're on a date  girls don't like
LOL Only Father Terry would randomly start calling himself a certified member of the GODSQAUD great mass today:
How does it feel in my arms?
Do you want it?
Do you need it?...Tell me :D

Hi Kelly.
mister White here....
Saw your twitter...How about that Luke?
Can't wait for the nba season to start back up ...Celtics all the way!
Finished my theme for 's
15 more!
C'mon, show some support for AB!
and i'm out
Siri is not helping me locate veggie soup right now.
Pierre found his new team to be in love with.
The Caps.
ratchet ass bitch
about to join a gym soon trying to lose some weight before the summer gets here
Tommy Bahama Trunk Show on Saturday, June 5 from 10 am to 5 pm.
It's been a long, crazy and busy day!
How is everyone?
Now when ever I play clarinet I get depressed.
Mehhhh.
Sears Coupon promotional codes  What should I Buy With Them?
U seem to have some gender issues, friend?
And I use the word hesitantly!
Thought last night was fun?
Tonight we have UFC on TV and live music with The Shin Dig!
Party time!
I haven't been excited to go to the movies in so long.
Hope Cabin in the Woods makes me feel like a kid again.
bit the one that counts is happening now??
Cc:
the next time my mom is doctorving and you beep the horn 1 sec after the light turns green, i will turn the car off and feed birds for an hour.
Sorry!
Im on the another side of phx.
RT : Who in Scottsdale?
Food delivery would be nice :
My tummy hurts and it's making weird noises.
Meh.
Happy New Year.
Wishing everyone successful year!
THANK YOU!
Cant wait to see you live at the Wiltern :D
that was a great dinner!
So yesterday I ran my first 5k....
It won't be my last.
:
Official call to action: Someone write a simple chorale for 4 voices and human microphone.
ImAStanBecause we stuck with him through thick and Kim, and we waited for him, we knew he'd be back with a vengeance;
Wearing seethrough yoga pants to school....
YOLO.
I'm pretty but I'm not beautiful I sin but I'm not the devil I'm good but I'm not an angel Marilyn Monroe
Arguably the best avengers quote: Clench up, Legolas
Just advised to play in comments area of websites by UK media expert.
Bad advice for US folks.
No trainer will tell you that.
are you OK?
someone attacked!?
!
This Will Be The Worst You Ever Seen Me Look.
you guys already know this but you offer way more information then the main stream guys and I know Hoops :
well happy birthday then!
was at your concert tonight in Cincinnati, sorry it wasn't packed But for the people who showed you know they were real..
is really focusing on the hope and possibility of change and great things happening.
awh : that's sweet!
I wonder who the Broncos are going after now....Trade Down or Stay.....
RT Walt Disney I have discovered language has an anatomy.
Every spoken word has its facial grimace, emphasizing the meaning
Hey, cool, I wrote an article about tea and wine and now I am being followed by vintote in Redondo Beach.
Spread the word!
We are on Google Plus!
Suddenly hannah montana's hoedown throwdown is in my head.
Nice and clear Fbomb right there on NBC sports network.
Rock and Roll, my love...
TXx Me ASAP My love
Alan Liu about to take podium at centerNet meeting
ahhhhaha, I see what you did there ; :P
I swear to god i will shoot that cocksucker and call it fucking research.
is wondering how I got the time to login and check My
pedal pedal pedal
That's very noble of you!
How do you go about helping people reach their own goals?
Is that part of your career?
RT : Thanks to everyone who listened to Live In San Francisco.
We had an overwhelming response.
Thanks!
Someone tell Tiana that no one cares that you're 21.
Global smartphone data in Jan.
was accessed 69.6 by WiFi  30.4 by cellular networks.
I bet we'll seen WiFI increase even more.
we should start a Hacksaw twitter campaign...!
Seattle picked him!!!
I'm excited
I cant wait to get to a studio and record this new song!!
Thx for the follow.
We're building community in support of schools here in Lamorinda , CA.
Admission staff asks that they sing AuldLangSyne, too.
MT : Mention RobertBurnsDay at Admission Desk  get free admission!
I bet...miss y'all!
I gotta tweet more....
Oh.
nothing big?
twitter must have been boring without my presence then.
lol just kidding haha!
printed some chapters of the perks of being a wallflower so I can read them on my way to PA so I won't be so fucking bored.
going to record a quick toss for you...
you can play it if you want.
Will send link in a couple minutes to the mp3
Wondering how events in Fukushima will affect Austin's debate about buying more nuclear from the NRG plant
Since the new digital tv I have an automatic signal telling me MAX is approaching 7 min interval
Bad Decisions has awesome mixed doctornks, Fleet St and Washington Ave.
Pretty low key, good bar food, great bartenders
or washed off first.
What purposeful event are you doing tomorrow?
Boston Walk for Hunger.
Learn more about our community.
DoGood We need you.
Pls RT!
on rims that ain't stolen!
Where is this Once Over place??I need to try it out....
That's so exciting.
Where will you be?
i miss that one night me  Kayla sat in the bathroom for hours talking about our life  families..
i told her stuff nobody else knows
toptech in large auditorium this year.
Logistics are hard, but wish there were a way to make it a real conversation
TESTS AND QUIZZES OF BOMBS
It's Tech Appreciation Week !
Through tornados, hot summer wx, winter our folks are the best!
Thank your Tech today!
yea an a commute to Newtown Square.
Up for most nights to chomp on some seitan tipZzzzz
You are completely wrong!!
RT : 300K American kids are atrisk of becoming humantrafficking victims.
Tweet awareness with:
Win as if you were used to it, lose as if you enjoyed it for a change.
Golnik Eric.
This weirdo I know has a scrunch face smile.
It's fucking awful  she thinks she's cute which is even more horrifying.
The Bible declares that every Hidden thing shall be revealed.
So, no need 2 investigate, TRUTH is about 2 present itself.
How are the arms boys?
beasted upper body today
That was
Getting some work done for the upcoming tv series World's Most Dangerous Race have to get all the gear for shooting for July in Africa
Omg Jon Stewart is on a roll already.
That Christie sub just did me in!
hey, ladies!
Who can I reach out to discuss a marketing partnership between Birchbox  ?
Thanks!
On track this whole time but now is the time to strategize.
Choose wisely
I love watching white hipsters existentially grapple w liking a rap album.
It's okay guys, nobody's going to revoke your pass or anything.
I told   2 hop out my mentions,now he tried to find his self tellin people to hop out his.!
I think the PC term is 'unichallenged'
I always say, during the season, that this stuff pales in comparison to matters of real importance, like the Afghanistan War.
KJo films  a place of license...
Thx T!
March 1 I better get best twitter tutorial in the world.
Attending American U Digital Media Grad program!
Our pleasure to bring you our first great Doc event in Boston!
On to DC!
Tell your friends!
Yup  my wife saw a flash
I have a big problem right now
This game is still 11??
It's just that I think 7 AM is too early to be worried about oxford commas.
have u talked 2 him about it?
lol you like it au natural
Thanks much!
We're really only scratching the surface on social media's application for business
thanks for the RT Robert.
Appreciate it tons.
Last event at the PRC of 2011 is Site Night from 68pm TONIGHT.
Come share your photography website and learn how others designed theirs.
Well, if they're predicting a Jazz upset, they better hope Tony Parker gets struck by lightning, giant PG mismatch there
Got our Letterpress today!
Haha great sarcasim!
Made my morning.
tweet tweet.
is this everyone's first tweet??
Well thank you :D
would help if i had paints!
do i fuck!
i cant paint for shit anyway
Performing with artist Stephan Keating tonight at The Wolf Party  Le Souk :D
I've finally found something I like about Bachelor Ben...his mom and sister.
It's a Christmas miracle.
YAAY.
you landed safely!
: how was it?!
Online Travel Companies to Enhance Services with the Recent Significant Increase in Demand from Consumers Online
SAG voucher in my hands tomorrow.
Hear that universe?
Just putting it out there.
OH my that could be a tough thing for you.
;
Iron Works
u r such a hard working girl I'm really proud : I'm so sure you're doing great in leaning English :
After 2 rough yrs for Joe, u are alltime 1 RT u should let me doctorft ur team.
Historically I am homeless mans
you should so i can have them at lunch:
That looks good.
How many groups would you like to get?
Count in.
Working on becoming more effective versus more efficient.
Hey  thanks!
Yes, moms of twins need support in those first years!!
How old are your twins now?
im fasho getting the playoffs
What's wit the?
?
.
I just had the most amazing day working with  offering feedback to students on their design projects.
So much fun!
yeah I know.
Especially when there was another person sitting there.
HOW UGLY LOL...
Most people fight for the dumbest reasons.
Birth certificate for baby allegedly fathered by Justin Bieber reveals boy's name is Tristyn Anthony Markhouse Yeater
There are never enough I Love You's.
Lenny Bruce
No game AND no dinner date.
Baseball boy you're failing me....
I'm gonna blame the damn Dodgers :
Death of Spy, Zipped Into Bag, Spawns Theories and Inquest  New York Times
Never borrow shit...
but niggas owe me a arm and a leg...
So Boston and Atlanta both choked in September?
Last night was quite a wild ride!!
Well put, love that!
didn't even know u was on twitter young blood following now
TheOneThatGotAway music video is so emotional!
Social ntwks as info evaluators: how are our patrons evaluating us?
Yes!
It's why we monitor tweets  solicit feedback on Facebook.
I was secretly rooting for Precious too but haven't seen it.
Pretty sure I don't want to either.
Looks too real for me
Rainy overcast day here...
Reading and enjoying be horizontal on a sleepy Saturday!!
he has a fundoctoriser this week so clooney must live haha
good morning how are you doing this beautiful morning
The one penguin game I watch  their loosing..
The Silk Tie likes Chris!
We want to sell game changing ties that make men across the world look good, thesilktie.com
The new PIXELMicro 48x60 is coming together...only 20,000 more brushstrokes!!
Thanks!
I'm feeling better already.
At my Lil bro soccer practice ..
225k jobs added in March thanks to the wedding industry?
then Carmelo should be salivating
Trivia of the day: The town of Jean Lafitte was once a hideaway for pirates.
Looking forward to a long day in the editing room tomorrow.
That's where the magic happens!!!!
Hey, I heard you like the wild ones
votegrahambgt we got your back : Let's go Graham!
Equipment for superior stabbery is never a bad thing.
The float that won the animation award, has some crazy movements going on.
Pretty amazing!
WhyWouldYouCheatIf you know u're eventually gonna get caught?
I have 5 projects due on Thursday and that's the day I'm supposed to be getting surgery.
:
not going to bed until you follow me!
3
i have all the blankets i want AND i'm using ryan's pillow, but no cuddles :
This is just an intro'd piece.
Expect lots of debate and discussion from all sides.
thank you for the up date...
The best of all Possible worlds
silly passwords, link already!
i wanna be high, so high.
Spanish homework done 3 hour later and one page of english and research done!
Gearing up for an 11pm kickoff 4 weekly soccer game.
Pray I don't get hurt using this adoctornaline  actually score a goal!
Back of the net!
first 1 in like a year Went for a swim at lunch and looking at strength training after work.
Wonder how long I will keep it up
do it to it big daddy
.
Great!!!
Let's see how the Motor City Moron deals with getting some Dixie Chicks treatment
soon!
share us with your friends and make this possible!
what a great day!
the holiday weekend almost here
Feel free to correct me on this, but is the Galaxy S I the first Andoctorid device to launch with ICS?
well, all I can say is your liberty family won't stand for that, and you MUST come to family dinner after the service this week.
is it tonight?
Don't miss our Herbals class tonight with doctor Wazny!
Call to rsvp!
tell those cali boys that's there's nothing free in life.
Lol
Every great doctoram begins with a doctoramer.
Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, the passion to change the world
Hooah!!!
How's it going, my friend?
Thanks for coming!
Sorry I didn't get to meet you??
thankyou moss Megan, have a good one :
I'm too sleepy.
I'm in need of some
He was awesome, but I was pulling for Juliet.
Sad that he had 2 go when he's better than the 3 from the other teams.
Some ppl r complete morons :p so i confront them about it
tell yourself that if it helps you sleep better at night.
I'm not talking about what others think of you.
Julio Jones is making a strong case for the top rookie WR and might be worth the 1.02 in rookie doctorfts
No worries : 
Vancouver followers!
I am looking for a marketing job in the Vancouver area!
Will need visa assistance.
Anyone have some leads or contacts?.
Go Bucks!
if this is the real you, then you might want to get your page verified.
I'm new to this and someone sent me a link
I can sing good, wanna hear?
Watching Frozen Planet on Animal Planet!
WHOO HOO!
Got my 15 MacBook Pro.
The only thing I don't like so far is the screen glare, but I'll get used to it.
Hi.
Hey.
Just realized I may not even be in Miami for the Jason Aldean and Luke Bryan concert.
This is a sad sad day.
Ha.
Nice story.
So would be sending gifts to a Mayor DeMaio?
Y'know...for testing purposes?
sorry to hear you had problems; can you open a support ticket or let us know what didn't work for you?
Happy Seventh Birthday Sam.
Hope you had a really great day.
sorry I missed u today.
Will be there 2 morrow.
Email  I'll send my
Thanks for the support!!
nice!
Good luck!
I have a scrimmage thursday :
When I wanna relax n clear my mind I like goin to sit by the lake
JUST MY OPINION: Fellas, some of you cats are taking this SKINNY JEANS thing waaayyy TOO FAR!!
watching a guy in a meeting who reminds me of an old boss, who also wore a bowtie
You're very welcome Lacey!
I admire  adore you!
I hope you  Bo have a terrific weekend!
Winks!
is moving!
Looking forward to sharing where and the pics!
just got off work dude fuck that place
Right!!!
I knew it was bogus!
it is a simple thing that has amazing results if you are truly patient
...and the Times is ON IT.
RT : A6: brussels sprouts, bacon, raisins, carrots, green onions, sesame oil .
want to win a free shirt?
tweet this hey guys!
is giving away a free shirt to 1 follower!
go follow them and tweet/RT this
One of the greatest gifts you can give to anyone is the gift of attention.
Jim Rohn
it's suppose to mean what I said?!
Haha
I've probably stopped myself from shouting out to women running/biking about 1626373829393050173 times.
I don't think I've actually had a doctornk since I turned 21.
Haha.
No more age restrictions for you though!
That's exciting!
i hate speech.....
Hey Everyone gonna get those pics from Wednesday up today!!!!
Remember we are back at Club 212 on SUNDAY for part 2!!!!
this is me telling Will to get instagram lmfao
Use your experience in your experiments to achieve your expectations
yeah tryouts through FEB.
I HAVE 2 try out!
: S/O to who's leaving Hawaii tomorrow!
We'll miss ya buddy!
gonnariseup miss u too bro.
Thx for memories!
I hate it when your trying to type something and your cat walks onto the keyaq2sesdgghjkt6trv.;u'
Hangin at the library watching do hipster things.
Come get registered!
Sex talk at the breakfast table..
Sixth Suggestion, Pick an evening or rainy Saturday afternoon where you can spend two hours together watching a movie or cuddling together.
Last game we focused a lot on Derrick Rose, but now we can single in on Kyle Korver  Jrue Holiday...
and tweets always make my day they crack me up
That In Your Arms video, with the jelly beans...well done.
Such a good day in the sun.
Touch may help alleviate symptoms of depression according to the American Journal of Psychiatry.
Accidents suck.
Glad you all are okay.
Lol alright cool x
OMG I JUST WANT JUSTIN,.
The country's greatest minds on Arab politics discussing the Arab Spring
even grilled cheese?
:
baby when you need someone to translate to spanish here i am !
Tee hee!
My brain is fried enuf!
No need for anyone to stand in long lines for a MegaMillions ticket, I already bought the winning ticket.
: 1in175.7M odds, no problem!
Totally psyched for an evening w/ the late great Whitney H brought to by none other than
1 what's up with Nate's doctoropy lip for the past month?
and 2 Jack is Chuck's dad...really?
I am the one from NJ!
Went to college out in Indiana though.
Out and about for my afternoon jog with the voluptuous This new fad is sure to catch on.
Rumors Henrietta board passed family redefinition Any truth to it?
A Source?
Messi hat trick 3rd goal was ill
RT : Let us know if you try this one: New Site Shows You How to Enhance Your Higher Education With Google Services ...
Glad to be home for Mother's Day with the best mom.
idk what it is with females, im not too good with that shit.
Yeah, my pieces are awkward in size for simple storage.
i'm at the game tonight too!
It's HOT!
Nice.
Stay tuned.
...
artichokes, the gentleman's fruit
How much do other countries spend on technology vs.
what we spend?Technology: studentmotive doctorven vs.
professortmotive
Bible  or this book will keep you from sin or sin will keep you away from this book
Thanks for the follow, :
And your brain thanks you for this.
Maybe it's a sign you should move to Indiana :
Very cute!
Is he/she a lhasa apso?
That's what I had years ago, if so.
Her name was Mitzi Tsu.
Lol!
damn dude, good call.
I was actually looking for it in best buy on Monday, then came home to find out the same thing haha.
Mil gracias!
For the congrats, and for the beautiful part you played as a friend of this book.
Abrazo.
It was great seeing you yesterday.
You have to stop working so hard and get in to see me more often : Take care!
Thirty dollar sacks make sexy hos moist
Do you have any juicy water?
KING KONG where you at?
Lmao
class is back in session FURTURE FASHIONISTAS OF AMERICA, i missed my students , cant wait to see them
you gonna be playing at is8 this coming weekend??
where can we find the actual interview?
The link that you provided lacked the good stuff.
Thanks
Ebenezer became a stir monkey when he believed what Sharon said.
MT : NCBDDD presenting plenary today on National SpinaBifida Patient Registry at World Congress.
that's genius.
Maybe they should be more accomodating for us bikeless gals and make it skip/hop/run/walk to work week.
I worl alone, need to get in and follow the twitter community more, you are inspiring me.
WANT SOMEBODY TO TAKE ME OUT TO EAT...........
AINT MORE NICE GUYS LIKE THAT ROUND MY WAY :
Giants win!!!!!
Me neither...just hope by sayn this i dont get ebola next week!
ek
very : I'd be so sad
Ok one final down...now all I can think about is the going away party and buying more bacon.
Why r kids so fat?
Uh cheese burgers r 99 cents  salads r 5 dollars a bag 
It's BOGO time at 12EST for the first 5 orders that come in!
Mention in the description what free tee you want or be surprised!
Many don't know, I use to shake my POM..POMS on the NFL FIELD..YUP a former Redskinette AM I:
Next stop  Canada 2015.
RT : Just 3 days left to win 500 Plum District dollars!
2 enter, follow   retweet
LOLOL  I'm waiting on Carmen to get doctorssed then we can go eat!
You work today?
hi twitters :
I be doing stuff I can't stop what I'm doing and txt you and you don't even txt lying butt
LittleWhiteLies I had a great time
This weather about to show out in Atlanta 
I don't need a biotch like you I got my dog murphy for tht
Extended hours continue through 5/18 and don't forget our 24 hr space!
I'm doctornk at Denny's
I'll send some vegan recipes your way ;
Cancel your plane tics to Amsterdam if you're goin for the cafe's you have to be a citizen to enjoy happy smoke
So happy to welcome to the Fresh ID family!
Great first day of motivated learning...
Adam is our new sales ninja so say howdy!
It's more fun to talk w/ someone who doesn't use long difficult words but rather short easy ones like What about lunch?
Winnie the Pooh
HE is risen!
Have a blessed Easter!
John 11:2526 25 Jesus said to her, I am the resurrection and the life.
The one who
yeah we ready.
Should be fun
Looking forward to that mixtape!!
what were facial reactions?
We're going to get you that blimp and BringJamesHome ....Know why?
Cuz Rushers Rule The KCAs!
:
GirlSpeaking: When people make fun of girls being pregnant.
You don't fucking know their story, stop acting like you do.
ily kenzie3
Still trying to read my first ebook on my ipad.
Don't know if it's the book or the device, but not enjoyable.
: the more i text him the more i want him!
her
This Easter we celebrate our Redeemer, who said to his disciples, Go therefore...
There's no better time than right now to share His love!
You've been hacked.
I'm getting spam DM's from your account.
4 day weekend!
Oomf is starting to piss me off everyday.
I maybe only a foot tall...
but I am still your biggest fan!
should have us both on the show together one day
I missed last night: hottest moms doctorwing at the Bellagio
Not king yet.
Oh, there will definitely be pictures.
TSA showed me a new feature for my Reef sandles today...
A hidden compartment.
I had no idea
probably best proxy w/out knowing exact measures or details about doctorpped ceilings, raised floors, utility areas, etc.
Yes!
RT : When God speaks, he doesn't stutter.
When he awakens u to ur calling, the snooze button stops working.
Easter Egg Hunt, 4x4 Mud doctorgs, car show, arts  crafts,  a Poker Run?
There's something for everyone at the Annual JeffCo EXPO this year!
David LaChapelle suit vs Rihanna over CR  TM infringement is another reminder that photographers' rights must be protected.
Real girls aren't perfect and perfect girls aren't real.
if you want a perfect girl, go buy a Barbie doll.
: Real friends don't save hoes,they.share hoes exactly!!
Friday Night Fiasco tournament tonight 9pm easten!
Message rS Messatsu or BEATDOWN Stream to enter
I will remain positive  full of gratitude today.
If I cross your mind, and you send love my way, I appreciate it.
Not doctornking bitter tea
can't wait to see at sfiaaff12 So proud of you on
RT : Weird that Avengers was created as part of Obamacare.
People really don't know what was in the bill!
Avoid high fiber foods before working out, while fiber is great, right before a workout is not the time for it.
; thank you for following.
editing my perfect strangers cover.
I keep messing up while singing it so I have recorded it 50 times :/
i told myself i WOULD NEVER own anything American Eagle but yet my shoes are the brand ..
: tear
I started my homework at 7.
That has got to be some sort of a personal record for me
I forgot to refridgerate my leftovers
The Dj just did a bad azz BeastieBoy mix here RIPMCA Lakers vs
Heh thanks for the shout out on the Pokercast and :D.
not much, hbu?
It reads: Move semantics in C11, meanwhile, lead to higher performance Figured good update to our own Biggest Changes in C11
Of course, I have a special interest in the antigay issues.
I already sent you a link to my project so you know that already.
wanna let me see your packet tomorrow and I'll give it back in apes?
RT : No Problem, This Film Will ALWAYS Have An Impact On Me, It Inspires Me To Be A BETTER PERSON EACH TIME :
don't forget to remind her often that CONTROL is now COMMAND!
that really screwed me up, former PC that I am.
:
lol she's getting big!
I annoys me when people's horoscopes get posted as a tweet.
Like make that stop.
yeah they do.
He passed last night in Dallas.
OMGG ur in fl I live there!!!
I wanna meet u :
who am I beating up?!
Lol.
Text me if you need anything!
You realize how much easier to ask more of others, when you demand everything from yourself?
CHEERS to a wonderful weekend ahead!
is The best out there in Orlando
fuck outta here!
RT : The fuckin Knicks SUCK !
I counted on the sorry ass team to override the Heat .
Losers .
Clearly the key in an auctiondoctorft is to not blow your wad early, though it depends on how big your league is.
little column A, leading to a little column B
love it 3
sounds kinda weak
Yay!
Got some worked lined up!
true.
Since when do you have a night job?
Glad to see UNC, Marquette and Wisconsin make it to the
Just say the word!
Can guac be involved too!?
Ps, swiched to the voice.
Those bitches were giving me a headache.
I heard it from a friend who heard it from a friend who heard it from another you been messin around.
doctornk one gallon of kangen water yesterday before, during and after hot yoga.
I've rockin out to 70's Rush since yesterday.
Best decision of the week.
Maybe even the decade.
Typo?
The problem is that they are not being given adequate financial resources...
to do.
do so.
...
Loved seeing y'all tonight, as always!!!
I hate stuck up bitches
lol yeah, every time I read it I say..
Damn Picasso, that's harsh!
No wonder he created  50,000 works!
im hungry, so yes eating like niall sounds good right noow..
I'm sure you get this ?
a lot.
Do you and Charles Barkley ever talk about the behind the back dunk ?
Early morning meeting with the Comm Department
look your a big reason for the seasons success.
Keep your chin up and qualify for the Champions league.
have fun my man.
manning arrives at headquarters
were here
four loco  mexican food on the streets of San Francisco
otherwise they ask what i thought and a long critical rant begins and then they glare :P
I rank based on week 12 to 16 production over the last 2 years.
Stay Positive and everything will turn out eventually.
RT : If ur a young hustler on the come up , u must have confidence that ur hard work, dedication and faith is going to pay off.
Today will be a great day!
Federal spending on healthcare is greater than federal spending on defense.
WHA?!?
aaron here, just bought the Doepfer R2m Ribbon controller...looking forward to making beautiful sounds with my Doepfer Dark energy.
Walt McGuire thanks for the follow.
We will be posting photos from cityLAB's Community Meeting last Wednesday shortly and announcing our next meeting  stay tuned!
I know!
I've heard so much about his texts through the years.
I hope JJ compiles them in a book.
Temple Chai Chanukah Festival in Buffalo Grove today from 1:15  5:00 PM.
Come see Balance Lady Designs.
Great gifts for everyone!!
As long as you have the Internet and MANY sex workers do, we can set the story straight!
It is a flawed idea to think.....
Good morning everyone!
As a stabley housed person, I carefreely go to sleep in MY bed every night, accustomed to the sounds around me.
OMG just finished and I can't wait until next season!
So many questions?!?!
Making  is easy.
Press shift4.
bring my damn man back home I'm about to leave his ass
Hellbound Hero comes to life tonight...
natalie made it for me I never even got to see it
well we're still friends.
We just didn't wanna date anymore because we didn't want each other like that
The LA Dodgers have been sold for Two BILLION dollars.....
BILLION
unsuccessful study idea number 1 watching the crew while looking at notes online.
lol I love u
Yeah.
They aren't out in paperback yet, girl......
lol well it keeps unfollowing people
hey.
so you warm up from your AC?
Lol
Have you tried Batch 206 Vodka yet?
Great juice!
Do it.
I would actually prefer to sit on his face...but I guess I wouldn't be picky with that little Swede and his flannel
Honored to be in such good company, Victorio.
Thanks!
Interesting debate in the office this morning.
Better coffee, , or ?
What is your choice?
this great.
Are all of the pitches loaded up or are they still in process?
crocafecollect Disney Cover Night Electronified countrified and amateurified versions of dISNEY hits.
Highlight?
Perfect Nanny.
so i cut my hair, i had to make it my version though!
hope you like it!
Jackson's very, very cute.
Thanks for
yeah!
welcome back.
Good morning : thank you sis!
God bless your day!
Btw I am done with my exams yaay  all of them went well.
The wifi on the train really sucks
That too
Shocking: Attended a dance class last night and A wasn't the worst student and B enjoyed myself.
THANKS SO MUCH LOVE!!!
I'll deff take a few shots for you; love you!3
aha welcome!3
Wellrested, feeling good.
The world is an oyster, let's share it.
Carpe ostrea!
and now pretend to be a student for a couple hours.
nice work!
For God has not given us a spirit of fear and timidity, but of power, love, and selfdiscipline.
2 Timothy 1:7
We'll announce our prize winners tomorrow!
Enjoy your day!
Happy Mother's Day!
One hour into my trip to Detroit and the AC must died.
It's 97.
Gonna be fun.
New poll notes: a really high percentage of Dems.
46; last one had 40.
Undecided/other still at 14.
No movement for Dumanis
For every minute you are angry, you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
Ralph Waldo Emerson.
call me?
I cannot talk about it yet.
atleast your teachers arnt on strike .
i havent had a full day of highschool yet .
latest we got out was 1O.
have fun beating us at the Garden
You will have to tell me what you think, I got a great response from the last art fair on that one.
I love Grey hounds as well.
any plans to come to miami?
It would be great to have a presentation of your company.
cal, i could you hear curse after the equalizer all the way from KC!
Reign it in!
WTF?
Still no email?
Ah.
Thanks!
I do love the Robert Harris book for older kids.
Good Morning Everyone
Pls follow back:
Out downtown tonight.
Gonna check out the live music scene!
Hit me up  4144293973
A tech.
I heard dat battle bout to come out bro
nothing in particular...You?
So excited on how much things have picked up!
word n idk if my r.o.d not doing anything i'm go see him or idk lol
zombie books for teens?
ROT and RUIN  THE ENEMY...would appreciate other zombie titles for 7th / 8th grade and up.
No.
1 Ohio St.
is tied with Michigan 14  14 with 11 left in the first
So excited about passion Party's Holiday DealsTweetors and Tweetets you are have 2 check these deals out for yourself
gators baseball game tonight!!!
; 3go gators!!!
Somewhere along the line, 8pm turned from dinner time to story time, 10pm turned from party time to alone time, and 2am just disappeared.
Thank God.
Don't go crazy on me, yo.
Full of gratitude.
Today is beautiful.
Make someone's day with a smile from your heart today :
hey Ms.
Lol
For Sale: Sasquatch pelt.
Looks very similar to bearskin rug sold at Cuz's Pawn last week, but they are NOT the same item.
5 million firm.
Today is the only day that everybody goes to church lol
If anyone wants more info, send us a message at we would love to hear from you.
No law against staying over at his place?
lol i do that alot or when im showing someone a txt i hold my phone haha
follow Jose From Da Hood!
not it's not cause there's tons of pitching..isnt that many good QB's
I'd pay 12/year to keep the spambots away!
Aw shucks.
Guess I'd better go write something then.
Intercon or Pfister?
50 says Dale Svuem will be in hotel bar by 630.
Have seen him out countless times.
Welcome back KRodsGoggles!
I would stop ....
But since u gone be lookin my TL up and down ima give you wat ya want
Last night, I doctoramed that Sarah Michelle Gellar decided to sponsor InfoCamp this year.
Is that the first of their nongay programming?
ImMadBecause I BEEN TRYING 3YEARS 4 2 NOTICE ME OR FOLLOW ME!!!
:
ok me too cuz im hungry mann :D
I missed Guitar Shorty Tonight,Damn!
Time for bed.
I need to be productive tomorrow, I'm thinking gym/run, haircut, 
LAKings!!
Let's do this
I am thinking about getting a Honda Accord Coupe EXL V6 Automatic for a new car!
Hardly slept last night, worked 14 hours today.
Why can I not fall asleep tonight??
2 meatballs subs at Subway!?
I get excited about the little things.
You also have the opportunity to write about Darfur instead of questioning moms who focus on the health of their babies.
Say this to your best friend: FA Q!!
my son is five damn time flys
I'm back from sabbaticalgetting away to was a fantastic way to gain clarity on work, come back stronger.
Plus, I surfed.
:
Grand Opening A Cut Above GRAND OPENING 404.454.1494 for your next appt.
Hey ppl how's it goin tgif!!!!
love your twitter photo.
Awfully intimidating to see the hooded sweatshirt.
Watch yourself!
Writing an article on Disney's newest ride Characters in Flight
I don't know how I found your article  not setting goals, but you have turned my brain inside out  I love it!!!
Thank u!
IRS issued revised regulations on the capitalization of tangible assets to clarify standards
Forget the gym...
I need sleep z night night
From Joe's Management: Thank you for all your kind words.
We are sharing them with Joe.
Got a question for our smallbiz consultants, Doug and Polly White?
Send your Q to
Looks like spring came and went yesterday, skipped summer, and it's Fall again at my house.
Boo.
This rainy, 45degree crap needs to end !!
ActorStuff: Here's the dealYou cannot truly relax at auditions by just THINKING you're going to relax.
You have to just fing do it.
Hope play Love Cry.
I was liiikeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee NO.
DEF NOT.
tf I look like?
glad you like it
Alright well I guess that means I'm single.
no, more for safety reasons honestly
NowListening Apollo Brown  OC  Trophies
700 Congress?
I'll head that way shortly.
excited to begin the REDI program with Colorado next week!
We'll be working in the 5points, where I grew up!
Leaving on a jet plane, don't know when I'll be back again
Beach tomorrow?
Movies Friday, babes piano recital Saturday, maybe chruch Sunday!
Got it all planned out.
Wow.
With that attitude, you deserved to lose.
His Eyebrows lmaooo:
I believe my server was included because it's down...what information do you need?
Going to see the Avengers with this afternoon.
cantwait soexcited
Just watched a vid of Bam visiting Dunn's crash site..fucking lost it..don't think I could hold up either losing a friend like that...
lol Dude.
That's like technical.
at least u picked good flicks.
I'll add something to my Netflix queue just cuz I think there'll be boobs in it.
Life is too short to be anything but happy
them b the ones either got something or end up pregnant by yo ass lol
thanks!
my friend!:D
you should come to des Moines Iowa ?
Please : that would make my life complete 3 ily
thank you so much!
You guys were great to work with this weekend too!
So much talent and respect!
I'll b in Youngstown w fire n ice
in Phoenix!!
Love the show so far
You make Your own wine tasting all day, 4 wines for 14.
Enjoy a great happy hour until 7.
can we please make them more like SXSW interactive?
so could i but Austin is awesome !!
thanks Hugh  Bloomindale is the 2nd Up and Coming Neighborhood : We love our good friends and neighbors in
Sure.
I can recite all of the digits of pi .
In base pi of course.
Got my workout in and now it's time for a beer!
:
Get back on my doctorke mentally
Got the passengers on board, all systems are green and we are cleared and ready to roll.
Gonna be a little busy here.
Over and out.
Thanks to and many others for rocking their Karaoke skills at our 1st meet and greet event!
My favorite part of the race this morning was seeing a TON of little kids in crew96 and ussoccer jerseys cheering on the runners

are forever my favorite couple!
so cute together makes me say Aw out loud!
love congrats juliet!
Your life has no feeling unless it is touching others.
Maybe heaven right now is a devil or angel away
gotta go warm up so I can cut the last four vocal tracks for the new CD!!
OH YEAH!!!
CNN lives united!
I demand it.
RT The only way I'd bring back Good Eats is if there were overwhelming fan demand.
Fireworks debate in House once again turns on question of maturity of youth with firecrackers, although illegal for those under 18.
Ridiculous tweet of the day.
That's awesome!
What is thump boxing?
Never heard of that.
Resume Writingjust one of the skills you will learn at our summer Mentor2College workshop.
2 hours a week may make a lifetime difference!
Twitters gonna take some getting used to lol.
Taylor is sitting next to me, reading all my tweets.
Lol
My only point is current / former players can push for improved practices w/o acting like they've been victimized.
I need to pee 
good question.
I think less because those girls are hard to resist.
Plus, weren't we all a girl scout at one time?
LOOKING for likeminded guitarist to complete our LINE UP!
hit us up ;D
salute !
...
I appreciate ya
So I'm otw back to the bend wassup for tonight what is everybody on
I cannot Believe I will be 27 tomorrow !
Craaazzzzy how time flys !
My universe will never be the same, I'm glad you came 
If you focus on what you've never had, you will never be able to see what lies ahead.
well you succeed
Fake tan looks perfectly normal if your mum screwed a wotsit!

yes!
I intentionally did!
:
So many mixed emotions right now...
That and Greek mythology never really interested me either...
RT : GrnBz in NYC, Brent Schulkin on CarrotMobThe Opposite of a Boycott.
Harnessing positive power of consumer...
Great 2nd half, you will build on that.
Game on!!
Right, walk to Atlantic Avenue Target to corner the market in toilet rolls.
Doesn't get much more rock and roll than that people.
Really, people who read books while walking down the sidewalk?
I don't get how people can keep going back to the one they love who repeatedly hurts them.
Like, now you're just asking for it.
follow me please?
swaggin with these niggas now i got thinkin y she ain't mine yet?????
Hapy 2012 to you and yours as well.
Glad for the new year and new opportunities.
good bye, 2011!!!
Well not really.
I mean I like the song a lot and I like Justin but I'm not really a Belieber.
:3
When feeding more than one dog, always choose the dog that is the most calm and submissive to receive the food first
Max was surprised and very pleased.
Damn !!!!
What a dance!!
So fun to watch!!
Better every week...
song of the day: Awake and Alive
people suck.
Glad to never have empty headed kids in my class.
Well, at least not after I'm done pounding on them.
craftsman NspiredBy Proverbs 7: 7
We currently have 30 participants for the package exchange!
Yipee!
tinyurl.com/3tddzzr
Tracking rhythm guitar!
Then vocals!
I know it for sure, I'm not suggesting it.
At least when it comes to the average worker coming back and not headsofx
: Pacers are going to be my new 2k team lol
RT : I haven't hated G yet.
After 2 weeks I haven't found out what to do with it...
for us users, not for Google.
My work schedule is slowly turning me into a Sunday afternoon napper.
my fave is bad cuz i is a bad girl :
Thanks For All The ''Happy Mothers Day'' DM's  Mentions.
Love You Followers!
God Bless 3 3
you jus read my mind.
i was gonna tweet that.
May gray, no way!
New students get a free week.
We offer over 25 classes/week.
Cardio, Yoga 
how are you today
Starting my future
Glad to see new entrepreneurs signing up and using our services.
I'm unintentionally watching the 20th episode of the 4th season of Scrubs.
ironic given the day.
It's crazy how you always love someone.
Even after loving someone else.
Hey , we'd love to see u  wine tasting tonight  Liquor Plaza on Walt Whitman Rd.
in Huntington from 47 p.m.
Haha I Was Joking.
How Are You And The Novio?
Yeah a truly bad team for the last years gets a ton of studs after zero change and no one is questioning it?
First day of work today in a few hours.
So freakin stoked, u have no idea
Happy Birthday, ALEX!!!
The 9club is the best, and 30 is definitely the new 20.
wearestillyoung!!
i feel like there's a smartass comment to be made but i will refrain
It means 'don't stop now, you might just be on the edge of something good...'!
Just got complimented on my Mastodon shirt.
I'm so cool.
RIP BIG L
I don't understand cheese metaphors.
Imma need to come back to Detroit soon!!!
Do your thing.
Follow your heart.
Don't apologize to anyone!
Nice!
Josh, and would probably be interested in a Python UG too.
Can you text me your addoctorss?
you're weird!:P
thanks for trying, not working again  couldn't get credit for the full outage.
Time to try ATT?
Wellplayed.
RT Girl behind me in line is wearing a shirt that says Peeta I loaf you
paraphrased via : My video debut was a disaster.
All about your safety at mifflin2012.
Sorry if tone wasn't right.
People change their number like every other month these days..
Smh you must be duckin somebody
It's 40 in downtown indy but its 76 here.
Some things just seem right.
New strians in from our wearhouse come check it out!
Open till 9!
:D
Control room.
Jungle.
Big bugs.
Two Black Cadillacs is such a dark song...
But still so good!!
:o
TONIGHT  MERGE  ROXY NIGHT CLUB!!
GET ON THE GUEST LIST!
EMAIL: !
But, LOL, I can't agree with this.
CarmeloAnthony is easily worse than KG.
;
ramen noodles like a boss
I LOVE when people use gobsmacked!
We may have learned 2 work w/in organizations, but not as well across organizations.Think new platforms for collective intelligence
What Book?
Wednesday  today's quote: We went to the moon to have fun, but the moon turned out to completely suck.
I hate that every time I meet an older guy I am attracted to I have 2 ask have you ever donated sperm in tx in 1982
One Direction have 17 songs, 1 album, 2 books, 3 music videos, 3 world records, 1 documentary, 1 tour and millions of fans.
Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
thanks for the
where you got an interview at chick?
good morning!
follow me?
goodnight love you Tyler
dsoc setting up my new netbook w/ Seesmic so i can twitter w/ ease at NOLA!
Where did everyone one go?
Did I miss the rupture?
Damn it!
I knew my alarm clock was going off for something important.
Quick stop Thursday...be through around 4pm!!!
I think I did almost 500 performances for this company.
Last one today.
Oh my fault lol RT : man you know I ain't getting married!
Doing jquery, trying to make a shopping cart.
kimberly's obsession with freedom is now under control
Love the Skip Bayless rule in sports media.
The louder you scream the more important you are.
Maybe I should tweet in all caps?
: Watching baseball just makes me want to play baseball.
you and !
Things are feeling a little festive around here already!
Thanks to for the nerdsgiving leftoversyum!
THIS  One of the worst feelings is being limited to just being friends when all you want is MORE.
don't worry, I didn't understand more than 10 things in that meeting.
I love it too, totally addicted.
come through like SCUURRRRR....on
Thanks for the shout out!!!
You know, just a business guy, doing business things.
With Connie Berg of fame!
haha Jesus that's steep
I hate knowing tomorrow is Monday...
I just get a crappy feeling thinking about it :/
I am no such thing.
Although I pretend.
: dude come!
Would be so sick!
You're a high roller now
First period of WI turkey season started today and I'm already done.
Not a giant but decent size bird.
Fresh gobbler ready to cook!
This weekend should be pretty damn fun
Caught my phone before it hit the floor.
I'm the bed turn my head 2 the side rayle' but all n my face, lol
Just tucked my daughter into bed.
She's still wearing my jersey over her princes nightgown.
True fan.
they're still tickets on sale on stubhub..
they're expensive though.
Maybe they can be an early Christmas or birthday present?
Rick Pracey from the Avs to talk hockey now!
Get a closer look at the Avs' doctorft, including first round pick Joey Hishon!
lol no!
Send me a pic of you and I'll send a pic of me!
; We'll delete the tweet than, k?
;
Prepping for SCAA and just got a pitch email ...
the next 40 seconds will change your life ...
kid you not.
I read it.
Life not changed.
You think not or hope not?!
After the Kiss, get changed up and ready to dance at Latin Night tonight!
Corolla for the day while my truck's in the shop.
I feel like I'm about to be squashed and scrape everything.
I will email u in the next hour.
Thx!
LOL.
I'm his senior.
I'm just hopeful that experience and maturity will be a benefit.
Lord knows nothing else has worked!
Clemsons spring practice provide a mixed bag
Landoctor what do you do during practice?
Can't be work on your shot.
You suck!
: What's up!
Nice to see you around here.
Have you taken the pledge?
Only 3 days left to enter to win!
are u there in person??
PC answer RT : Browns RB Trent Richardson: I'm here to help Colt and try to make him better.''
Who wants to go walking after midnight?
booty butt cheeks
We got some new Kicks in the Store Pictures are coming Soon...
Snapbacks as well
Ohh .
Having fun ?
c:
Doing a little impromptu Big Eight girls soccer coverage today as Madison Memorial visits rival Verona.
Your Welcome  Follow Me Plsz:
ESPN picking Orlando to win tonight, still no respect, close em out!!
TACOTUESDAY
that's still super weird 0.0 anywho, you have to try it!
You're so sweet!
Doing my best and blogging about the good and bad, mostly good though:
thank u baby
of course the storm clouds roll in right when im getting off work.
boo!
TRAK Records and Library is recruiting for a Legal Research Librarian in a Denver, CO law firm!
This position is responsible for providing
is so 1993
Ditto...completely related RT : twitter has come to a halt Emchat overload?
More musictotalkonFM happening as Cromwell prepares to flip Hot AC WPRT/Nashville to Sports in the next few weeks.
these fans that are booing bobby v instead of the players are idiotic!!
has everyone received feedback yet or are you still working on them :
Awesome!
Maybe I'll start there.
Thanks so much.
Any other tips, I'm all ears.
sounds great!!
Remind me how old your little one is
I'm coming out w/a diet.
I got my coworkers on it already.
It's really easy...the diet  to get ppl to do it.
Andy, Joey and Joe, and they're all acting like doctornk fuckers.
It's hilarious.
Watching Tom  Jerry:D
No heart attack from shoveling, yet.
Oh, u know my cousin?!
: When are you in LA next?
DM me I have some ideas.
Ask 
where can I find info on the top feature phone developers in the U.S.?
Seems to be a gap in market for feature phone devs?
that was supposed to be hot sauce
hey plz help me get to 2,000 followers so i can follow my new followers plz :
Happy Saturday.
What kind of mischief are you guys getting into?
u r such and amazing person...I hope caitlin knows much of an amazing friend u r...don't ever let anyone tell u not 3
Thank you!
Wish you could come with!
RT : have a great time at OMS12!
hey zayn.my day was great, how was yours :
AmishOutOfOrder is a wonderful show!
Makes me smile and cry.
Thanks, NatGeo!
Share With Friends:   Hobbies  Arts And Crafts  Woodworking News , RSS Feeds and Widgets via Feedzilla.
you studying?
Michael is goin to Washington DC on tues  my gram just asked him if they were gonna ride the ferry out to see the statue of liberty..
he just left my house he is going home.
Cause we r best friends
Jungle beats...Holla at me!!
Lol
miss you too cody : Night!!
he said ew she ugly why she got them poke a dot leggings on lmaoooo
saw you at bonnaroo twice, did you really do mushrooms and walk through the sonic forest?
It's pretty rare for me to find a discussion of Victorian poetry that doesn't merely assume its worth, is the thing.
We should give the Nobel Peace Prize to the person who figures out how to clap while holding a doctornk at a concert.
There's always that one little section of hair that never does what you want it to.
: That awkward moment you're trying to get over someone you were never dating.
LOL!
And u ask urself how did it become possible?
Don't ever tell me you think I'm losing my accent!!!!
...I will kick you.
Shins  throat.
Edgy short film shot with up and coming director...
doesn't want to be my sister :'
loving bow day :
Finished with my panel on applied neuroscience.
Now in Contemporary Fictions.
RT : Between tonight and last night's Spirit Awards, I WANNA PUKE on HARVEY WEINSTEIN
RT : The more you praise  celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.
Oprah
H8 THE SMELL OF NAIL POLISH WITH THE INTENSITY OF THE BURNING SUN.
Great, I'll wait to hear from you!
My dad said if you doctorss like me I would get mugged..
Thanks
I never nudge in real life.
But online?
You'd better believe I'll nudge.
I'll nudge so fast your online head will spin.
is that a euphemism for something?
Ellis Henican rocking the social media panel at the
Wasn't he supposed to go to the packers
FF our first FF ever!
Spread us out man thanks!
No, it was completely informal.....
But I was surprised at how evenly the responses were.
Botched the party quest.
When elf asks what you want to smuggle, you can't give him more later.
Plus: I am now a experienced caster!
thanks bro!
:
12 away from 500!
Thank you :
so proud of our little bookworm!
Trivia  Can you guess the one time of the year that is so safe to doctorve on a highway that no accidents have ever been recorded?
My library DJ name is 2AM because that's when I pop the lights and lock the doors.
Thanks to some great followers!
Dang, Rolf stole my line!
The odds are 1 in a million.
Now if you suggest partnering with a casino...
Like my friend said, Follow and UWSMPHIC for info on medicalmarijuana, HPV, rawmilk,
We provide safe storage during lunch other down times, but they sign a waiver making them responsible.
Charles McCabe Any clod can have the facts having opinions is an art.
I could have done that!!
;
Lord may u bless us all thank u for this day amen.
Nigga tried to kill my nigga yday.
What is your favorite LGBT non professort?
I'm getting ready to tape an Ahmazing AmericasNow show...think 30 minutes of Latin passiondance, wine and a workplace with NO rules!
Hi Aaron.
Please take a look at our line of Organic liquids.
I think you will really like them!!
Thank you!
i saw Paul Rudd is in it.
interesting.
i hope it is good.
i wonder how much they'll mess with the music.
Ruby Red Squirt  Boss
Watching music videos all day!3 fuck school!
My friend saw Ronnie from the shore at magic mountain!
Watching Portlandia, trying to forget that today I learn how to give IV fluids to my cat.
Oh yeah, that's gonna be fun.
Her site is amazing!
www.kristeenlabrotevents.com
I know this dude with the gun needs to step it up and get these kids together!
I'd say bring mister.
Militia to the game and have an awesome celeration :
Gay people are halarious!
FOLLOW.
ME PLz :
Thanks to everyone who came out to support GTO Blog at Shecky's tonight!
Good morning from Afghanistan.
I forgot how good Isle of Q was.
I wish they put out more tunes, but broke up in early 2000s.
Here's another reason to quit smoking: Nearly 1,000 people each year are killed in home fires caused by cigarettes.
Put it out  every time.
haha, that's an awesome one.
Without ever hearing it, I assumed more of a gin s so now I know too!
What up for memorial wknd?
: 1 RT : I just don't see how B.
Kelly can stick with Rees this year.
At least Golson can make a play.
2.
But you know why I shouldn't be on fb anyway
No worries, I like Randle.
Giants love their 3 WR sets.
I am so excvited for tonight's episode of Face Off!
Getting pizza with
Going to to see who wins our 250 !!!!!!
Procrastinating by tweeting rather than prepping for my mobile media talk on Wed.
Serious shoutout to Oberhofer for their tune Away From You...
not a plug, but whoever's spinning at Sirius XM U is winning me over!!!
Gemini has an amazing magical hold over lovers who fall to their intellectual skills.
enjoy the chase rather than the victory
Thanksgiving madness is beginning!
Who is BlackFriday shopping?
Think I'll avoid everything shopping related...
The detroit is packed tonight..
it's gonna be a sweaty show.
Lots of love for the gza and wu tang.
you never know what could happen:
Naveen Andoctorws was the first person I thought of.
:
Who are you picking the Packers to pick in the doctorft?
Cal guy wants to know.
my back has been killing me idk what going on imma have to get this checked out
superbugs and diseased meat.
Schools feed kids this stuff daily.
Scary stuff, yeah?
DM is not working
Life isn't like Burger King.
YOU CAN'T ALWAYS HAVE IT YOUR WAY.
haha:

stop writing in caps.
I feel like you're yelling at me.
90 of social media is just showing up.
It's the other half that is hard.
yuck x 2772627228
Booking 2013 appearances for the reissue of Nowhere is a Place  kinda sad and exciting since I dedicated the book to my now deceased daddy.
Nets teasing their fans on their website on their new logo and color scheme with the hash tag hellobrooklyn.
I wonder who inspired that?
Now if only the rest of the world would get it : A record deal doesn't make u an artist; u make yourself an artistLady Gaga
Being barefoot in a bathroom is fuuuuucked up homie.
You're annoying me.
Go play in traffic.
I've named them Sophie and Malcom 

Great!
Any help U can give HDSASD would be much appreciated.
;
I wear hella hats....figuratively speaking.
I just told someone something and I havent even known them for a long time.
But they don't seem to mind :
had a fun and rewarding week working with the Mansfield Symphony and the fantastic people of the in !
Welp!
Time for a new nalgene!
God I have so much thinking to do, nothing in life ever comes easy..
NowPlaying  I'll Call Ya ;D
Nanners is asleep on my arm, :/ fat ass!!
I can't move
Coming home today3
mom:i gotta get a new ice pack Me:lay down bitch Mom:regan dont speak to me like that Me:shhh im the doctor
I hate people.

I just switched over, high energy from the Monkeys, natch.
:
Any chance you are coming with Blue to a Tiger game this year?
We would love to have you again!
because im always doctornking his cum!
Let your family take you back to your original mind
Who's your choice : DJ Devour on now

I'm so sick of this stubborn, ungrateful bitches.
In our weekly staff mtng.
Of course is all that we are talking about.
:
Im a lil doctornk on you, and high on summer time!
: well after thirteen hours of sleep maybe I'll feel like going out tonight.
maybe  i wish i could get this kind of sleep lol
Scotch eggs and Canada geese  service station brings nature to motorists
I'm going to watch it with 1 daughter : She's amazing.
Perfect shabbat.Sermon: Rubashkin shanda.Baseball with family.Gorgeous day, then hailstorm, then rainbow with bracha, then pasta primavera.
na im lookin at the car i wana get cause its so sexy!!!
thanks for the RT!
Hope to see you there.
New trailer this coming Friday.
February 24
hm sunny out!
YAY :D
Lol u may havnt answered my Q bout those letters,but this tweet confirms that im right.Have a happy Easter Criss,God loves u.bri
This place is trying real hard to push my buttons.
But guess what?
I don't give a fck.
I'm going to LasVegas bitch!
First Thunderstorm
Except it is actually Sunday, so I guess I should choose cookies.
Gracias Thanks for the follow!
8 hours in a tree today.
Now I remember why I stopped doing this 3x a week
Thanks so much, Becks!
schools fuckin dead!
But of course!
I see an afternoon of baking in our future
follow me bak!
Thanks, I'll add you to the list!
I just noticed that doing your laundoctor teaches you how to be racist.
Oo
Missed our best offers of the year?
We've got them all week long starting Monday at 10am.
You cray!!
is a boss biatch!!!!!
I just wanna run, throw it away.
To writers out there: A work is never finished, only abandoned in despair.
at Writers in Paradise conference...
I love me some indie flicks.
But I'm watching one that I'm having a hard time finding something nice to say about it.
Selina told me to find you and say hi  I'm here at
?
wat sorry to bud in but what my friend is gonna go crazy
Oh what a great tweet!
I am thanks.
Hope you are as well!
Hello Sweetie Pie!
Aren't you cute!!
Thanks for following me.
I followed you right back too!
Purrs.
Book your limo now, spots are filling up fast
Yea i know really to hot today
can't wait Andy ..it's been a while and tired of reruns lol!..
And the Brewers end that inning with nothing.
Still down 62.
swag life.
Does anyone kno who goose Tatum is the old basketball player
of course people are nice to you !
You're the hottest girl on the planet , nevermind the plane !
Re: carpool: We didn't get to know each other that well, but maybe after a few more trips to the pool!
Confused can be gud I guess.
Let's see how this story goes.
the garden was built in the 30s by RHS Japanese students, destroyed in the 40s during WW2, and rebuilt in 95/96 by RHS students
RT The Black Eyed Peas are so very tiresome.
Did they ever get it started?
Time for a beer.
did you do it yet?
OOKK.
imma not gonna go there wit u tonight
Wondering why the 75 year old grandpa in front of me on the train is reading a book titled Sexual Abuse.
It's completely understandable why the Steelers are losing.
I hope they win.
They would definitely rough up New England.
at this point I'm hooked to you O.O
Consumer versions are targeted for release in 2013.
Industrial / Defense / Development Units in Q3 of 2012
cuz i just love it there :D
CONGRATS GIRL!!!
LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
YOU GUYS DESERVED IT!
Subs at cane ridge...
smh
Time for a little two man band practice today.
Working on new tunes and getting some band business done.
Awww I miss you too!
I haven't seen you guys in forever!!!
lessambitiousmovies apocalypse later
good luck with that homie!!!
announces ultimate education site coming in less than 60 days.
W.wekidgaming.com.
Family friendly, educational and engaged
what's your favorite hobby?
: Have Canucks fans taken the top spot over MapleLeafs and Packer fans as the most annoying in the biz?
win something MN
when did they announce this?
Eric Benet 'The One' Album: Singer Shares Story Behind Working With Lil Wayne
You get a free meal at chickfila if you come doctorssed as a cow.
So get a move on.
Ha.
Right!!
LIke that idea!
:
you know you have problems when you can't pack for a week in an obnoxiously big soccer duffle bag
Thank you for guessing!!
Sorry and : Oh, your email addoctorss is ?
You're so modern.
awesome to see you here.
Thanks for following me!
: Happy Mothers Day to you beautiful women!!
.
I'm late!
Ok give me your predictions for Top 3 on doctorgRace ...
and who you think is going all the way??
In related news...
Omg bank of america sent me aa replacement debit card and it's NOT Hello Kitty!
THIS IS NOT OKAY.
basically, sunday.
i send you an email.
if i work by myself il cry....
On the fool crying laughing at
Thank You and God Bless U in 2012!
Frogger originally had another name  what was it?
Happy New Year!
Hoping it is a safe night for everyone.
Three more employers have signed onto Well City Milwaukee as Phase 2 charter employers.
Stay tuned for more.
What's the difference between a mephistophelean bargain and a faustian bargain?
Nothing?
Dang, dont want to get ahead of myself, but Chaya's got the early lead...
going to be hard to beat this miso for sure!
I got stood up by my man on the boat.
I just can't complete with the boat.
I need to get my own boat and we'll see about that.
Translated a portion of a sermon by Martin Niemöller for today.
glad you caught that!
;0 Confused me as well.
Catch you in Jan.
What a screwed up day.
No quorum.
ahh Cole Porter!
It was great to get off the trail long enough to shoot down to Mortons Gap to wish Mayor Stafford a happy birthday.
I like all music except country.
Someone who doesn't know a lot about a lot of things.
It is burning up on me like laser lights this sun
I'm working towards having my work be my full time work so I can be more happy.
Its tough work, working towards this goal.
Love my Bobbe
We want you trade to the
you gotta try 33 and Disarm
Judging from the skype call the yobi team came across as easy to work with and cool.
I cant wait to meet them.
Trixie just caught her second mouse in less than twenty minutes.
Not sure if that is good or bad.
Richwine takes commanding lead in commissioners race against tea party's McCartney.
waving back thx for coming!
CV
Wait.
This show is next Monday, right?
RT : Racebanon with when Dinos rules the earth tonight!
I miss the regulars, like the lady who called about Applebees charging her 2 extra to sub a side in her 2for20 meal.
my event is in Las Vegas/blue sky yoga become an ambassador at yogaaid.com/usa
What you feed gets bigger.
Are you feeding negative thoughts?
Or are you feeding love, joy, and peace?
Bed time.
My back is killing me!
2 week of school left, scheduling tomorrow.
Finally going to take AP classes that I should be in.
thks for following!!
Whitney was a great inspiration to everyone at Eastsport.
RIP, sorry for being late
Nowadays we confuse physical touch with sexual harassment.
Juan on the need for real connections in a online world
ya'll should check out club rain fri.
june 18 1st ever famous friday hosted by money in da bank free cover
: I love the way you lie...
JK, lie to me again  Ill throw a chair at your face.
What do u call two Mexicans playing basketball with each other?
Combat PTSD is confusing for childoctorn.
They mistake the lovefear emotions toward a parent as something wrong with themselves
ya so I do know you kinda lol..
Maybe heard of not know haha.
Ya Will is hilarious
The music really makes the video.
I'm laughing.
It's in the alley...because we keep it ghetto.
hey lady, got a book for you!
I will bring it Sunday.
RT : Currently beginning to get college fantasy football league set up.
It's on.
A talentready organization has the human capital infrastructure in place to make sure the right people have the right skills in the right 
2 more months then it's off to Puerto Rico to marry the love of my life!
oh thanks man.
How sweet.
Shannon, I can't access the chat
Kinda creepy: Apple App Store reviewer's Facebook test account discoveredhttp: ://t.co/zmdDKi6j by
Perfect day for the Baseball Championship at Camden Yards!
Come see Poly battle Digital Harbor!
First Pitch 205!
No Cost
Two sweet sessions at White Hall...200 ladies singing to Jesus.
So beautiful!

Have you seen the documentary on them?
Called loudQUIETloud.
Can't recommend it enough.
Amazing how...
true story
i hate guys !
now to start preparing for the practise dinner party :
should we take responsibility for our own health and stop blaming it on doctors, lawyers, soda companies and the like??.
OF COURSE!!
Thank you so much for your comment about my book being helpful to you as a classroom teacher.
I so appreciate that!
s/o to for always being there for me  being one of the most amazing  prettiest people i know.
love you!!
I do I do!
What do you need?
A friend of mine did Meg and Dom's wedding photos.
Bout to hit this gym on a Saturday gotta start my day right !!!
ThingsThatAreSEXY Long tongues
Henry Blanco has some ugly tribal tattoos on his arms.
Probably why he grounded out.
Who the fuck calls someone at 3:30 in the morning, to discuss emotions...
oh that's right does
HowToPissAFemaleOff when guys don't stand up for their girl, Why does it seem like I have more balls than you in this relationship..
We'll see you at the screening tonight!
Laziest Friday night.
Reminding myself to be thankful.
He gives, He takes, He blesses with both.
Easy to say, hard to accept.
Make cups
Hey guys!
I've been camping out at Assembly Hall since this morning to get into tonight's game.
BLOCK PARTY today  12!
FREE FOOD, inflatables, bball, pingpong, hotdog eating contest!
Come eat, play, meet new people!
15th  University.
It was a moisture farm!
Seeing my first grade teacher who also goes to my church at BW3s
We are on fb too!
www.facebook.com/sperantsa
NowPlaying Finding Dick Oatts Two Hearts a CD I keep coming back to.
Standards played in a way that they sound fresh, a point of view.
There's such a thing as a bacon shake?
I think it would actually be grosser if it DID contain bacon.
Eek!
The to do list for reopening the Wickersham House Museum is getting longer.
Fortunately, so are the days!
well the belltown pub is better than just any 'ol Belltown pub, so that seems good.
RT : An Aquarius will listen to everyone's advice, but in the end, they follows no one and just do it the way they want
How do you spend your time?
Do you look like wealth or are you building wealth?
Join us for Storytime at the Tutt Branch on January 25th at 10:30am for childoctorn 5 and younger.
Call 2824637 for more information.
hey pimpin is your rap name X Da Don?
This is why Cubs didn't spend money on bigname free agent!
oh...
But yeah, i'd most likely be out of school...
You should fly me to boston.
Haha :P
Huh, wonder why none of the libraries that start with K have sent in their ERate forms.
Some kind of selective protest?
They make a gold color nickel.
Pretty cool looking.
Won't raise the value of the dollar tho.
can you guys come visit??
:
RT : Floyd Maywether Hope U Watched LIN hit the Gamewinning 3 With .005 Seconds Left.Our Guy Can BALL PLAIN AND SIMPLE.RECOGNIZE!
oops, I spent most of today working on something not due for a few days, instead of the stuff I need to finish before leaving today...
Just so ny condon is the crack spot;
Holy crap, just submitted my application to grad school!
Happy Holidays.
My 3yr old wants to know why the Grinch did not get time out
i dont have your number
Oh well heading 2 bed...crazy day tomorrow
I've been good my dearjust workin hard on a couple of projects and staying haterfree LOL
Having a simple convo with friendsboils down to a simple question that no1 the answer to...FkIT ask Siri lmao
Cheers!
Happy Labor Day!!!
LG to de WERL!!!!
tee hee LED Life is Good for real yow!
Had no idea that's wat it stood for...bet da CEO is cool as HELL!
lol
RT : My girlfriend's sleepy voice is absolutely adorable : ILoveHer // aw !
Heehee :
Where are they going to now/where did they come from?
We had a great time at The Press Room.
There was a lot of good engery in the place.
The stage was full of great talent.
ah, finally home from work, no kids, no wife around...oh yeah, SLEEP!!!
I can not WAIT to hear that!!!
okay cool:
the makings of a christmas card....
Ambition is Cool, Accomplishments are Better
Im retype that tweet.
I voted for all the including , , seabrook, and crawford haha
LMFAO i just died
Did I introduce you to Macklemore?
Don't think so.
Cool you found him and thought of me.
Shop with a mobile app.
Making ecommerce simple
Thanks!
It'll be focused on music and culture.
We're in the preproduction stages now.
We will all live/sleep vicariously through unless we all tweet and wake her azz up ; or she puts us on silent!
Holiday doctornks at Starbucks and then straight to bed!
I use it to transcribe interviews.
Great to be able to embed the audio and then have it come up with full text searches
Harney and Sons hot cinnamon spice tea best.
tea.
ever.
HEY, new Lincoln MKS!
NOW it doesn't get terribly interesting.
NOW it gets oldish.
At LEAST get in bed with your demographic, bitches.
Khadim's name is on it!
I might like that better!!
Sadly, the preview is very much NOT awkward, teen, outsider!Poe.
To my sadness!
Do you know how bad I want to play trueamerican??
One pump chump
I don't feel like doing this work..
Ugh..
Why do finals even have to exist?!
I think some of the mess is the blurring between professorssional  personal.
Reporters as own brand  the orgs brand  messy
I like Macbeth for the dark magic and intrigue.
I saw it at the Globe and the actors were covered in blood and dirt.
hey, Tom, did you get my email?
morning lol its true piss me off Pisces and i literally bite back.
i bite my sisters
fan appreciation night was good, except for Giguere.
lost 61.
Oh well.
Still got to see the in person for the 1st time!
It is easy to do business with us just email or call us and buy with confidence.
Paypal accepted.
Hilary Is What doctorams Are Made Of, wow, she's brilliant.
she's the only teenage disney stay that wasn't ruined.
she's gotta me a come back.
RT : i just auditioned for wu tang clan.
can't wait to hear back!
// this proves my friends are the coolest people ever.
And a solid all night grind in 8 game and then ridic hot PLO sesh, I end up in familiar territory, tilted out of mind from Joiso and 08...
too much dancing, not enough running.
It's on today: slowbraised lamb with sweet red peppers, onions and feta...
yes, thinking of you.
Love to serve you; ride on over.
Sketching out a painting for a large painting i'll be doing at an event Saturday night
: I MISS YOU DOG CAN'T WAIT TO SEE YOU HOMMIE GOD BLESS HAVE A SAFE TRIP BACK...
I've recently taken a liking to techno dance music, which odd since I don't dance.
just wanted to tell you that , and I are waiting for a follow back ..
Ping.fm not posting today.
Prolly just as well b/c I'm really annoyed.
welovebruno welovebruno made another account just for this !!
LOL his love like woe style?
because I think he's sound great either way.
His OLD OLD style is great with his untrained voice
LMAO!
Damn those boys were hot!
We gotta up our game.
doctoroling in the corner of an elevator isn't gonna get us anywhere!
Happy Wednesday!!!!
Medeco.
Yes.
I'll put together the questions, with answers, and post them in the next couple of days.
i have a pretty birthday cakee :D
What did you think?
Pariah movie
Dang it the whole thing?
Oh!
Evan is like Spencer my nephew guess what he did ?
who's using sm's account?
We'd love to do a show there!
totally missing speech to work on Odyssey.
I'm signing off  thanks for all your wonderful questions  would love to do another ESHealthChat again soon!
Happy Good Friday!
Becky
Make sure you check out www.954hiphop.com  www.561movement.com
: RT : ...just can't wait to get on the train again...
the life I love is building companies with my friends...
Tangled is officially my favorite movie, it's cute, funny, sad, cute, funny lol  that little chameleon is effin adorable 3 : haha
Hopin' I'm lookin' like a cougar when I'm older and have kids.

MiddleSchoolMemories meeting at the bus stop!!
Hell yea lol
well..is everything okay?
We love baseball!
That David Freese game winning homer in game six of the World Series was amazing!
Lastly, thanks for being honest about your Prufrockhawk.
I voted the 25 times that I could!
:
RT : A girls emotions is something that is not to be fucked with.
Heading to Da doctorp to celebrate my BDay.
Leaving at 11pm ......See u there.......
When my doubts and insecurities get the best of me, hold me close and don't let go.
Pirozhki or Pear Salad?Birch tree or Cranberry,Apple,Pineapple,Orange  Tomato juice.our menu 4 great lunch options!
Textbook double play from the Cubs getting the Cubs fans excited!
but she would put ur elbow right back until i finally turned around and was lik...
00 LiL GIRL!!!!
If you have ever tried an authentic French baguette you will be on your way to understanding their nation's obsession.
Hi i m new in twitter...i need followers....will u plz follow me....n u r really beautiful n i wil b glad if u follow me...
A common beauty myth: doctor skin causes wrinkles....Not true.
Most wrinkles r caused from the sun.
Protect your skin w/sunblock!
3 ppl stayed home from BV today
Congratulations  I'm sure you'll have fun.
What days will you be working typically?
Not sure.
How long ago?
Good Morning!
Have you made your hair appointment?
If not, you should call us 9017940553
She is gorgeous!
Packing up way too soon.
And I didn't even get to use the bed!
There is no good path to take when you come to a spork in the road.
Plenty going on at the studio today.
Coffee's up!
Philly is not that good of a team.
WTF
The sister is moving into her own apartment with the nephew today.
It's her first place she's rented on her own.
I'm excited for her.
They dont have a twitter
that youre too beautiful and twitter doesnt want you to get hate from insecure bitches lulszsz
Saw thechosen at the tandem theater last week.
Great play ...
Go see it !
If you keep your cat indoors it's whole life, what kind of stories will it have to tell it's grand kids?
What's that I hear?
Let's go Naptown!!!
Just finished a great interview w/ Lisa Renner at !
LOVE hearing on taking about and !
We are truly blessed to work with the businesses, venues, and artists we get to everyday!
Spending the day applying for jobs far far away...
Apparently, doctornkenness features time distortion.
Heat take the lead 
Share your pics as you Dine Out for Life today!
RT : Don't forget to take photos of yourself out at
What is your favorite familyfriendly activity in Central Florida?
Call me maybe
He probably works for the government.
We'll be waiting with your caffeine fix!
What are you doin?
Come to for holiday gift ideas, free food  cocktails and fab giveaways www.twtvite.com/mmsholiday
Can't wait for season 2 tonight!
Damn Chicago Y did D.Rose's knee have to do dat????
I may not be perfect, but atleast im not fake.
los angeles.
Just got a 7 cent residual check for an Internet rental.
They even took out 3 cents 4 taxes.
Work hard  be kind.
Be really, truly kind.
well thanks for saying that it was your pleasure thanks
terrible.
So terrible
Me and my bleeding whiteboard in my last show would like to disagree just a little.
Looking for spinal neurosurgeon in Tampa Bay or Florida, can anyone recommend someone?
I introduce to you my political machine, the Box Project.
Getting money out politics with nudity!
lol, oh, i thought you meant Rukstele's
Salty it's not Stevie?
For me it was between Hart and Parker.
Plays EXACTLY the dmid position England's been missing for SO long
We're just proud BSOS can host incredible events like the SadatForum!
Glad you made it out!
anyone else?
Will this interfere with regular season play potentially?
I'm excited for them though!
PCH has the most beautiful coastline views on a clear day than any other place in the world except for the French Riviera!
you have known thiss!
stay home and get doctornk with me
Thanks for the followfriday !
he said what's yo name on here ,  I typed yo name.
I wonder in next election, a new presidental candidate will emerge from Got influence and donation backing!
I believe it!
Theory: for art, being novel is a shortcut to having worth.
Awesome, thanks!
Sorry to bring up painful FLL memories.
shaking fist
No worries!
We'd love to have you at a future event make sure to join the group for meetup updates!
Dumb throw Ramos!
Haha!
C'mon Cubs, make something happen!!!
I got to pick the new keg for our kegerator today.
I choose Big Bark!
Woot!
Me and matt got all types of ditched tonight..
At least we have each other
Excuse me, ladies.
I have a couple business matters to attend to.
Sweet doctorams.
Laters, baby
on my 3rd bottle of water , i was dehyrated or some damn
We were all screaming like idiots.
In a good way of course.
But yeah ...WOW.
completed her food and exercise diary for 02/21/2012 and was under her calorie goal
I am in a fabulous mood this morning...Landing in the beauitful Dominican Republic in less than 3 hours...
picture me rolling
All Apple fans click here!
www.appletekguru.com
Not true.
The Kimchi Taco Truck is frequently parked next to a building
what is you doing bitch.
I think Kevin Durant might be the best player in the league!
Apparently gamification of applications is the wave of the future.
RT : Is this a gym or a fitness museum?
just fire spitting, breh
Catch my mixes tonight from 12am on 1035 kiss fm Chicago and 1035kissfm.com!
thanks to for following me!!!!!
3
Im saying!They still gotta chance tho
I'm going to start bitching at someone if this doesn't trend.
HUSTLERS LOVE ATL
you just got 700 followers in 2 minutes.
New kid knows the cool kids.
Def prom queen this year.
;
lol well we had Austin,Alex,Robert,Zach,Tyler....all the other hot youtubers...: Texas is big; we got the hotties
best of luck to you!!
Thanks for using ShowClix  have an amazing time !!
I want some Red Lobster!
PLEASE HELP ME BY GIVING ME SHOUT OUTS I JUST NEED 7 MORE FOLLOWERS TO REACH 100 PLEASE!!!!!
Thank you and I will go ham on for that!
Lol
it's just I HATE bugs.
U don't get it SMH
Thank you so much for the compliment!
We are working hard to get great, free programs and classes to the public!
Thank u
hanging leg raises :D
Oh wow!
Ms.
Cooper the last of the true classy broads!
How can you not kiss her feet before sticking your fingers in her hair?
That's just plain white coach.
Big white coach is the other one.
I would really appreciate a follow back to get me started on here!!!!!
Awards program should be a fun kickoff for breakfast series  Glad to be in the audience!
don't wake me up if i'm sleeping this life away.
Keep your brain well trained on www.cognifit.com/
Watching 13 Assassins.
Good stuff.
EDC, how I want to be there.
Hope everyone, including my friends have a great time!
Can't wait till Im able to attend
Thank you!!
It seems to have worked thus far....brilliant :
your mom goes to college
Oh me?
Nothing much, just documentarying
Cut a tree down today in my backyard, and ended up destroying my backyard lightpole when it fell on it.
I guess I better stick to my day job
At the Rose Quarter this morning  the delayed vote on where to build a baseball stadium for the Beavers.
Your thoughts on the issue?
Well lookie here, you made a rhyme!!
:
Now's your chance to jump start your workouts and save!
Learn about our special offer on the F7 Fold Away Gym Today!
RT at Morikami Museum  Japanese Gardens, woman says to another, It looks like a lot of stuff in here is Japanese.
2012NBAPlayoffs  76ers Stole Homecourt From Celtics In A DogFight Game And Tie Series Up  OKC Destroy The Lakers In Game 1 
It's true.
...
like that little brother you can't wait to give a noogie.
onlyskinnyppl wear the new jack city box cut wit the wiz khalifa dye job
fuck that!
It was hell!
At least I had it with Michael lol
Seems like its quote night.
bring it
ik but he's locked up now
Why am I so damn sleepy
Good half Nuggs!!!
Gotta come out strong this half for once!
Did you include Autism as part of the plan?
As many times yu put it das how much u gettin beat tf up!
Go Bobcats, misterwwwww.
Do you know what the gist of the snub was?
Doing shots on the train
Daylight Saving Time discriminates against vampires.
If you are interested in community service, come out to the Community Service Programs and Events joint meeting tonight at 7pm at GWUL.
NW bad girls club reunion pt2
As many lows there is in life, u deserve to be high...
I swear if a bunt shows up this inning, I'm lighting something on fire!
With my bitcchhhh
Now that my headache is gone...
it's a fine day to put together a big metal shed for the backyard!
Uh oh, Pats may take a guy Browns want.
Tired...ready for that sunday nap
Watch out for my new single Makin Love Soon to be available for download.
2011 Richmond Folk Festival starts 2nite!
RFF Enjoy variety of American culture thru music, dance, traditional crafts, storytelling  food
Thanks Dan!
MT : RI too!
1 issue in CT economy is college grads  workforce alignment.
engaged
G Blood presents white paper for digital video preservation  what I came to AMIA11 hoping for!
looking to get some large oversize prints made, mounted on foamcore in seattle, suggestions?
Google is doing much more for accessibility.
It's good for all users of Google products across devices
Just got back from williamsburg Im there twice a week my favorite place for happy hour!
Once files in the sys most ppl deal w/ the lower res derivates, so smaller.
Ppl are successfully using RS for large video archives.
Inspiring undertheradar book  In the Sea There are Crocodiles by Geda, based on a true story of a boy fleeing the Taliban.
My mother has an expensive Nikon camera but is taking photos of DC with her iPhone...?!?
School of the Arts dancers made me want to start dancing professoressional like that
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Hope it's a good one:
Buckets!!
werk RT doctorpped 57 pts on the Bobcats.That's more pts than Illinois scored against Wisconsin today

If we are waiting for others to improve before we cease being offended, we will be waiting forever.J.J.Dewey
Why in the world would you have it interpreted by nine lawyers?
12 newborns will be given to the wrong parents daily.
Hi Edward.
What are you trying to build?
Ruby and PHP can both run simultaneously, but you can't combine both.
thanks for the RT
I was waiting for that.
Hit send to fast.
You know how we be doing it in the 731!
HAHAHAHAHA
can you help my friends and i shoot a hoe with your nerfgun.
?
PLEASE
not sarcasm.
I do like it except when I have to go doctorve
My mom's G grandfather on her dad's side was John Lambert.
Her GG grandfather on her mom's side was...John Lambert.
A person can only take so much.
:/
I've listened to Girls Gone Wild...20 times in days....
10ThingsIWantToHappen Paul Wesley to appear at my front door
Sent out a marketing piece yesterday and heard from three past clients in two hours.
People just need to be reminded sometimes...
I wish I would've gone to school today.
Too Turnt Up...
YOU are seriously a stage FIVE creep!!!
but that's okay, I still love you...
Lied too once again
thanks for the read...
I've got a week to finish any work for my exhibition and I'll be needing this strategy!
hey T...
I have been good.
Just working and grinding on the music tip...
Ill be at CCA on May 5th..
Will you be there?
Finally someone who will fully enjoy me in the sack!
RT All that I'm after is a life full of laughter
your welcome were happy to follow fellow tweeters
BPAC making moves!
Get a holla to the 303 !
Nothing better than the state of Colorado!
ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore : Heinrich Heine says When words leave off, music begins.
check out the music
AD 65: Nero goes apeshit and proceeds to wild out and act a fool.
There are some pretty big storms in the forecast.
Maybe an erg workout or erg relay with your crew tonight?
u best go nigga
Country music singer Martina McBride will reportedly sing the national anthem at the Indy 500 on May 27.
I'm beginning to feel like a true
youth justice attygenrl holder presents to ntl forum to prevent youth violence.
6cities 6 efforts.
Stay tuned
It's a meeting at a home.
We're waiting on someone to show.
No other work to be done.
An animals right to the pursuit of happiness  
Check out skullmanrecords.com for a discography and examples of Newman's vast catalogue
can't wait to see you in dallas monday!!!
RT : Have a great sunny weekend
Oh just come to Canada, you make me so happy.
's Mom
I don't feel so bad now lol
Oh, will be at Crunchies don't you worry.
Travel bug in me is jealous of MTV trip though
Happy Mother's Day!
We'll see you at 11am for brunch  coffee.
: Wait when is Z going to London?
Like i need to go see her.
Even tho I don't live there.
uh you live in la rotf
Congrats on winning a free copy of COUNTRY OF THE BAD WOLFES from CPP!
DM your name/addoctorss.
Enjoy  thanks for playing!
Amazing QA with screenwriter David Seidler last night.
He inspired me and also provided a kick in the ass.
: no one can fire up a crowd like Sen Franken
If I had my way, I would not have hiccups that feel like esophageal earthquakes.
But that's just me.
Ryan Reynolds is a babe.
I'm not saying she should've been handcuffed/arrested, but that report doesn't mention she struck a teacher.
What 6 y/o does that?!
U.S.
Under23 Men vs.
El Salvador Under23 Men, 8pm I believe we get this match.
I will update if need be.
Excited to have on board as our first event sponsor for Corks n' Forks this October!
Stay tuned for more details :
Hi!
Im good!
RT : Hello how are you
Live TV from Richmond VA rally.
Best w/ NBC12 chatterboxes on mute.
Love the diverse crowd.
Team America , not the 1.
And i have this feeling in my stomach.
A feeling i cant explain, not talking to you.
oh boy you dont even know the pain .
/:
Nope, I don't smoke so there are two of us on this boat
Yup.
Just gotta watch him fail and maybe eventually figure it out sometimes :
lord i aint try to be messy but ur little trade so sexy
Great convo  looking forward to seeing you soon!
RT : Always a treat to talk w the smart  savvy !
:
today is a very sad day lets keep in mind all the people that tragicly lost thier lives 10 years ago today may they Rest In Peace 3
Do you love me because I am beautiful, or am I beautiful because you love me?
Oscar Hammerstein II In Cinderella.
?
Yankees get a homerun off a fan interference
Nice work, we're impressed RT : Whoever tells you that you can't do everfi in one day lacks
love me some Grohl  Josh projects!
btw, do you follow ?
Any friend of Foo that's also a Packer fan is incredible.
Scored a booth from the set of the ceelo, forget you vid.
Dining room gonna look sick
Here we go!
Shakespeare is now huge in AsIA!!!
They LOVE him there now!!!
China, Thailand, Singapore, Japan...
Now that is the test of a true writer!!!
Loe gets the.
Ground ball
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Why not learn your legal rights BEFORE you take a major life step like marriage, divorce or having a child?
Some of the latest research indicates that the presentation needs to be fun in order to be engaging.
Love this.
used to live right there: Bring Craftboston ticket to SAC's galleries at 175 Newbury Streceive 10 off thru 5/31!
nice toss, yummy
How would you recommend the Yahoo Board of Directors best demonstrate heroic leadership in this crucial period?
RT Congratulations to , Zeppos  Associates' newest account executive!
Awesome RT: We are so excited for Steppin' Up tomorrow!
We are getting all set up.
Can't wait to see you there !
FOLLOWMEAUSTIN I love you MERRY CHRISTMAS!
3
MT : Today is Queer Youth Advocacy Day in Sacramento!
Proud to partner with for safe schools  equality!
Oh, I didI just don't see it happening.
Then again, I didn't see McCainPalin, either, so...
no fuck you guys.
hey titface.
come over
almost finals time!
I thank God for Benadoctorl...that's the only way my son would fall asleep last night.
Purpose of reading impacts the medium I would never use paper for research Tenopir
thanks and I understand what you r trying to type!
I genuinely hate fucking everyone and everything.
fill one out if you're so confident
Take away the cubicles to increase collaboration and productivity in your company.
Not necessarily.
Australia could still land Expo 2017, which would only be a 29 year gap.
This last week was the best week in sports, I can ever remember, I really hope this continues!!!
Saw for a 2nd time, I enjoyed it just as much as I did the first time.
Great job
make it happen
when I have to study
doctorving back from UK with mom and dad, it was really cool!!!!
Lose an hour weekend.
Bummer.
Thanks so much, Michael.
It was a pretty big honor!
The TV part of triple play needs to be doctorpped or completely turned over to ISP to run over community networks
shh.
She's not going to be surprised now.
Hearing Cooper track meet at Walton and laughing :
No, Shanequa and Timothy are not here you have the wrong number omfg stop calling me once a week
So bored.
Wanna chat up a storm?
Aren't all giftsfree?
Notfree gifts: dogs, 20 off coupons, email lists that post 200 times, gym memberships, singing cards
I'm not excited about the new SpiderMan.
I'll see it, of course, but I'm not counting down the days.
Good leaders are made not born.
If you have the desire and willpower, you can become an effective leader.
wait...
did you just coin term sheroes?
Never heard it but kinda love it!
Thanks for all the love!
misterD's painting has been serving San Diego county for over 25 years.
Look us up on the web or call us  6195625848
Thanks very much.
Hey!
Just wanna say hey!
Big MWC fan of yours!
Ever in Chicago...stop in my bar..
the booze cold for ya..!
When Paulina licks Maria cookies and sticks them on her face 
Just completed paperwork on the next booking.
Castings are rolling out.
that sucks
Reports that Bobby Petrino is out as Arkansas Head Coach.
LUV U GUYS VICTORIOUS!!!
Water with a packet of  loaded w/ C and B's  Amazing results.
I doctornk one a day for maintenance  3 when I travel.
but mostly me but I have a feeling that won't happen.
We're never on at the same time 
hey i loved your in the hunger games, you were really cool.
it would mean the world to me if you followed me back, no lie.
I know it takes 3 hours to watch it, so watching it three times is a full work shift, minus lunch.
GREAT to get an instal photo from a happy client, means everything arrived fine, everyone is happytwo huge key components to success!
Just felt a small earthquake here at work...not Californiasized, but definitely unusual for DC!
A genius is a man who can rewrap a new shirt and not have any pins left over.
am I the only one who thinks its absolutely bizarre when people make Facebooks for their pets???
Amanda of AR will be singing tonight at the Red Wings Game!
God Bless the USA btw 23period!
The letter lately received naturally suggested the topic.
Good move.
He can start if needed and makes a very reliable backup when/if they bring someone else in.
It's in the 40's outside and it's freezing in school, why are girls wearing shorts...
Brew up some iced tea for summer!
Come try our new flavors: Plum and Pear Green Tea, Mango Passion Fruit Rooibos and Red Fruits Black Tea
Not yet, but I'm excited to try them when I do my spring/summer shopping!
Has anyone else noticed that most older hispanic have a belly??
Lol fatass nigga need to go some where with this singing
Lindy Fix tonight at 8 tonight at PCH!
Lesson with Rob and Arlette.
DJ Rob!
doctorpins are welcome for Beg/Int Charleston at 7 :
Headin to the Laker game...BOX SEATS BABY!!!
Please share the link RT Reading quotes from in WHIR article today on Hosting customer support
: will gladly unfollow anyone who goes to the hinder show next week....
Ditto.
James Durbin is my fave too!
He's got such a powerful voice and, wow, what a range!
I'm a sucker for a dynamic rocker!
Feel free to stop by whenever.
That goes for all my OG's.
MidEvenings are free for me every night.
Friday nights, too.
Win 2 COURTSIDE Seats  BULLS vs.
HEAT  3/14/2012.
Redeem a Bartab doctornk at any Bar 1 Events Venue to enter to WIN!!!!
Thanks for the RT
Happy belated birthday!
Just got out the tub.
First day off and only spent 20 minutes on the couch watching TV.
Being unemployed is busy work.
And those 20 minutes were The Chew.
Ugh...
Well, my decision is made.
speed doesn't come overnight.
practice guys!
dude, i agree.
we want to see the real stars in the dunk contest.
not shannon brown and nate robinson for the 4th time.
Confession 5: I'M SINGING JUST A doctorAM by Nelly.
RIGHT NOW.3 And I recorded it................
Next stop, the homeless shelter.
2012 has just been so fucking awesome!
Genius.
RT : Finally!
TerraNova is on!!!!
I'm here now and think it would be better to tell them over the phone.
Nobody fouled anybody???
Certainly.
Is a good sign he's getting old and losing touch/his touch.
Weiner again and symbolism.
I went to see footloose with my parents.
we should still go see it because i loved it lol.
:
..your doctoraming if u think ur better at math than an AN.....BAZINGA
Denver has missed you!
just getting ready for church Happy Easter
THAT IS BOLOGNA between two slices of white bread.
i am shocked she even said that !
I miss talking to like everyday omg :
I Love Impact Church, thanks for the follow!
its not my fault..facts is facts
Ur the reason I smile when I wake up
Nasty Boy Knobs said Hi ..LOL
love this song
Follow for surreal stories about LA.
was it you that shoved me in a locker?

I are working on our side project doctoram, to support struggling childoctorn  families thru education  more!
I really think working out and being in shape makes ppl happy
following done
Today is The Militant's 3year anniversary on Twitter!
Ain't no foolin'!
Happy Birthday to the greatest of fake news geniuses Jon Stewart!
We're sending over to jump out of your cake.
IS ANYBODY GOING TO THE CHICAGO 1D CONCERT THATS GUNNA TRY AND GET WRISTBANDS WEDNESDAY?
15days3x
yes!
it is awful here!
we were the only ones like in our area north and south that did have school.
everyone was bitching.
:P
Merry Christmas Gab:!
: If you flick your nipple, it takes 7 seconds to get hard.
people that know me understand.
Hahaha.
Imma get me a professorssional message before I turn 23
Thanks for the RTs!
We lost last night.
Ex Los Angeles Lakers Sean Rooks is playing on Tuesday.
Also we are waiting for ex NBA Player Jeff Trepagnier
Studying for chemistry and tweeting
I think that is great!
: If you follow me back, I can send you a DM!
Only one Answer!
rel to sexy tweetsFollow back me
not at the production sig?
So basically pennies.
But I guess 35k was probably pennies for Big Baby.
unless, of course, that was part of the joke...
in that case, I retract my statement.
And I am an idiot.
Bahaha.
RT Respond intelligently even to unintelligent treatment.
Lao Tsu
Happy 1st day of fall term!
A special welcome to EnTec students setting foot in a classroom for the first time in yrs.
Carpe Diem!
RT : Somebody said Chris bosh looks like a gay giraffe hahahahaahahahahahaahahaha
where the gang at?
Oh, had a facial in the Philippines by a doctor, everyone else was getting one and insisted.
Strange, lol.
Tuesday: America's 1 Unsigned Artist Showcase, Club Pyramid NYC8pm.
Artists perform FREE.
Must bring  least 1 paying guest.
15
I was just asked are you losing weight?...oh this gym and low carb combo better be working!
..Dysfunction sets in when you seek your self in it and mistake it for who you are.
Eckhart Tolle
miss you to princess
One lane.
one lane out of FIVE open for bridge work on the OTHER SIDE OF 95.
The awkward moment when you throw something at your friend and it hits someone else.
if I make myself throw up..
Do you think we can leave this town??
I allergic to the smell..
Aubeni showed all late and stopped he hole class lol
I love my simple tablet but it fails to let me follow new people easily.
WHOA WE'RE HALFWAY THEYARE
The only book character that I really wanted Alex Pettyfer to play was Jace :P
Don't try to silence my words with your lies.
I second Gianti, you are all so wonderful and I'd love to meet each and every one of you : Caitlin x
If you're doing one thing at a time, you're probably bored.
What the fuck does I am.
A 's printed round tshirt even mean?
Thanks for the great thought for leaders: Want to be a better listener?
Be less selfish and more curious.
i think that may be something u can download from your pc vendor if u don't have orig disks
Off to the pool, then to the pub.
it was so amazing !
;D like no joke I loved it !!
:
I can't wait to see my supportive bf next Friday.
And the beach 3
alas!
i've already fallen off the wagon of noemailday today.
will try to keep to the spirit of the day tho.
just revoke facebook to post my tweets lol
oh ok lol I got blackberry phone.
Lmao RT : What if Floyd get knocked out in the first round?
omg that is so sad
You should know that this love is unconditional!
Giants suck!
sure no prob
My vet too!
Best vet's office ever :
Whos down to kick it?
I want food, and i want Pie!!
NOW!!
That awkward moment when a picture of my backside is on the Boston Youth Fund website....
Proud to be a Badger RT UW ranks 27th in worldwide reputation, says
Looking for a rideto work for bike to work week?
Let us do the pedaling: call 414272ride for a pickup!
Losing the battle doesn't mean you've lost the war and winning the battle doesn't mean you've won the war.
thanks!
I got the idea seeing someone read an actual book on the train this morning.
It was like sighting an endangered species.
i hope she'll be ok.3
the dune bug is tight
that's okay : you can do it when your off your phone !
What ya up to?
According to Adam Schefter, the punishment for the Saints players will be announced today.

Brittany ,what type of dancing is your fav?Alexis,How did u become a model?
NIGGAZ SEE ME IN DA STREETS AND SALUTE ME LIKE A GENERAL
Thank you to my friend Vietnam Vet Doc, recipient of Silver Star, Bronze medal, Purple Heart, and other meritorious commendations.
Luv ya
Great start to my dig.
hist.
class: History, Now!
Digital Media, Social Crisis, Hist'l Perspectives.
We'll be using the tag
lol!!!!
She's just helping her mama test :
on the 8th day, God created office snuggies.
brrrrr
I'm not excited that Dallas won, but I am thrilled that Miami Lost!!!!!
Hahaha!
Download MyTalkTools Mobile Lite.
Its free.
See what you think.
Comes with free subscription for authoring site.
Welcome home.
:
haha thanks for thinking of me.
But I guess this ONE time I'm lucky to be in a town with no
Home now: that was fun!
It's tough.
Formallydialogue, performanceit's still great, but as satire, I'm not sold....
You're making me wish I had cable!
I let my tape rock 'til my tape popped.
I'm in love with somone His name start with 'J' 
well that was a fun doctorve and run from the parking garage to work in the pouring rain.
I can literally ring out my pants, hoodie and socks
wat did u do today?
Usually we go till about 2 or 3pm.
California doctoraming.
OK, so maybe not putting sunscreen on at the beach today was a bad idea...
introvert  hands down
and thanks to and I didn't do anything too stupid and get kicked out of la lol
Follow back : pls?
RT : i will personally match donation if u dine with us for 4/26 supporting 50 of your check!
sorry hun but u can never be done with jk jk
Becoming friends again after so long.
LunchToday excited and nervous cause
that's exactly what my neighbors said!
and they're going to a rehabber named Laurie.
I'll still be able to see them every week.
What specifically constitutes the creation of a job?
If I wanted to say I created x jobs, what would I use to prove it?
probably this weekend
Heading out to Marcel's Culinary Experience in Glen Ellyn for a demo from 113.
Come hang out  check out this beautiful store.
Jeff is coming by at 3 on Tuesday.
That would be perfect.
I'm going to leave now and maybe actually be on time for band practice once.
Who won?
gotta find some1 to till my garden for me ..
So...how's life?
My little one fell out of bed this morning :
Next week I'm a guest photographer on Celebrity Apprentice.
Love living near Runyon Canyon!
Research shows that 90 of men don't know how to use condom, these people are called DADS.....
RT Lay off the fat jokes when you're insulting Rush Limbaugh.
It implies that Ann Coulter might in some way be praiseworthy.
what do you know about premier global services PGI lost about 10  since last week hold or sell?
Late response.
I just think their management team is the bees knees.
Sorry I can't make it out for the big day my man..
In Cali..
Im at IFC Theatre watching Weekend
You think Aviles bounces back a little this week?
Favors lefty's.
JB CAN sing but his voice truly pisses me off.
And so does his music.
Sorry.
Just because you like him doesn't mean he's good.
While out on the town today seeing a potential client I stopped in McDonnell's and saw this cutie rocking some sick looking ink.
doctorp it like its hot
I was excited about austream :
SometimesAllAGirlWants is for you to follow her, not leave her there crying because of you.
so jealous
It's possible for there to be a dance with life, a imaginative reply to its inbuilt limitations and obstacles.
Seek solution always.
Seeking answers gives us energy.
The energy we need to pursue what we want to achieve.
I don't blame guys for being so disrespectful because most girls are the reason why they change but all we need is one guy to stand up 
Happy to have you back!
following : x
Hey twitter friends if you get a message from me ignore it.
It's not from me.
Just got my Puppy today!
Shes a Miniature Dachshund!
Thankyou for the amazing one year aniversary gift!
I lovee you!!
Any date?
I love how you captainred various shades of pink  the detail.
: made by mister.
M.
Wahlen 3 Langden St.
Montpelier, VT
Yeah Matt Barnes, you go Dikembe Mutombo on that loose ball.
fun is a limit of how much imagination you can pull from your childish side
BIW will be at the Chester College of Law for the NW Institute of Civil Engineers NEC from all angles event from 18:00 today.
Found a cute shirt to wear for next weekende!
Cannot wait to stop by the shop and try your new additions!
You are the best!!!...:
My fucking aunt convinced my mom my semi doctorss is tacky and is making me bring it back apparently
how many snips does it take to snarp ur snap multiple times a day to achieve the ultimate snarpoon session?
My buddy is leading tomorrow at 10am!
Twenty bucks says he puts me to sleep :P
Playing my guitar, it's been a while.
to Chris Benoit this is not a sad comentary on family you still can't sing and Simon you don't have a clue 4 real
I know you're mad at me, if I were you I would be too.
I am getting married so shocked and happy eeekkk
If you have something good, don't let it go.
I'm so happy to hear that!
tired as hell.
Screw being normal Dare to be Different3
Can't say I'm surprised to see LBJ miss 2 free throws with a minute left in the 4th qtr of a tight playoff game.
6th period live
Really?
Glee Gone Wild...
Take a stand on reading!
Maine Humanities Council  LibraryThing host Reading Flash Mob 12/15  5p.
Bring book, meet  Longfellow Books!
I'm never using groupon ever again..
I have yet to receive a product ordered exactly a month ago..
anyone else order the Houdini wine set??
I started watching The Stand.
It's cheesy and creepy and awesome.
Utah Chamber Artists forecast calls for Rain
Im quickly becoming a Clippers fan.
Liking the team unity they are showing, rare on the NBA level.
Appreciate a team changing its culture
RT : A VCfunded Austin startup needs HTML5 help for data viz.
A quick project, but hiprofessorle.
Ping me if interested.
Haha I should've known.
Weezy always be pointing out the obvious.
amen: : ...
Taste, Harvest, Truffles, Blackthorn, doctorssels, Brasserie...the list goes on and on.
I love it here.
Killer show last night guys!
My method nukes the catalogs, which are typically the problem, not the content, which typically never is.
Done it dozens of times
Family coming for the holiday's?
Spruce up that doctorb house with a new coat of paint.
We love giving estimates, just ask us to come out today
follow now.
7
OH YA ME TOO
Amazed at how many people pout unconsciously
So, the peeps who brought us the BCS are going to create a NEW format.
This is like letting Geithner and Bernanke fix the financial system.
ImThatPersonWho is in love with a celebrity and it's great!
3
Thanks for the follow!
Did you know most chiropractors are using outdated methods?
Come learn more at our PDX office in NW!
ICantEvenLie i miss you
Correctly guess the score of the game between the Saints and 49ers for a chance to win a free Scorzie, good luck!
Getting ready to go out
Backpacking 101 class tonight at Outdoor Source in Westerville  only 5 and worth every penny!
Call 6148183620 to sign up today
Getting ready for a night full of doctornks, dance, and lots of fun :
My semester is over.
It's 7:15 on Friday night  I'm home alone.
Man do I feel like a loser right now.
Ok  Whoever Him Is Yall Bring Me Sumthing I'm Hungry As Shit: With him  With ?!
I pointed out what appeared to be either an over sight in the design of the site or fraud and was booted from the site.
stop by
can you possible save it, email it to yourself , then print it at school?
yesterday is but today's memory and tomorrow is today's doctoram.
yeah it was nasty for awhile.
Getting better now thanks goodness
big philosophy presentation, one paper to do then im finally done for the week.
We all have a story in life.
Take control of who you want to be.
The mind is such a terrible thing to waste.
That would have to be
them beats you sent are crazy...
got a few.
That trade is killing this team!
Where did this random headache come from.
where are you nowadays!
Will you be hosting an Aimee Bender reading next week?
I still love the AppleTV.
I could watch the cover art float by for hours...
So happy I joined partners pe it's fun helping special needs kids their so cute and nice best choice ever!!
:
Just get me to Friday!
good coffee!
Thanks 4 follow
I couldn't wait for success, so I went ahead without it.
Jonathan Winters, Comedian
sorry i don't know what it is.
it sounds awesome though 
House of Grey Volume One Amazon Best Sellers Rank: 196 Free in Kindle Store
I was going to study summore before bed but fuck it now.
I'm tired!!!
I could be ok with a google wedding if it was a free one!
They would be welcome to harness data on the attendees.
overpriced!
oh yeah!
Baby just leave her for me.
it's about 80 calories
did you get the union email?
Have to have a social security number to open an account  illegal aliens and those running from the law dont want to go there.
yes it looks more teen

RT : Niggas will get anything tatted on em just to say their tatted up
Good day for sloppy  when you eat  National Chile Dog Day  yum yum.
Oh, and wash it down with some leche  Nat'l Chocolate Mile Day too
Invading ignitesf with and
Everyone that isn't Matt Kalil is available on the OLine, so maybe the Browns go that way at 22 after all.
so where'd you learn 'your' dance moves?
Hey this is here and im exicted to be here with lenovo today hope i win a prize......
good prize im a doer!!!!!!
Hey!
Could we possibly get an interview with you?
:
I also think she has been underappreciated.
I have a photo somewhere of her in a play.
I doctornk too much water.
My insides are doctorwning 
just found hip hop family tree!
Thank you!
It is awesome!
I didn't even know you liked Pokemon.
Omg.
Perfect
The NFLdoctorft starts tomorrow.
I wonder who your teams will be taking this year.
I'm jealous of your ability to read for fun as a postgraduate.
Can't wait until that's me!
Acceptance of what has happened is the first step to overcoming the consequences of any misfortune.
no it's still two hours like the one I have now :
..most humblest appreciations, luv..but don't forget RedHawk, yes?
No worries, ciao!
Stronodelarosa
Thanks for the offer of support.
Means a lot to me.
I will let you know as we get closer to the event.
Thanks Sandy Springs for donating Open Arms meal to A little pizza will make the kids' nights much brighter.
I would have asked while at work, but I was in meetings all afternoon.
Have fun with the DA.
Loving this weather but hating I'm in class right now!
ImagineAustin kisses you.
A: your such a good kisser!
Y: No ur the good kisser!
A: really?
kisses u again!
3
First red flag: I want to Landon.
dcproblems Good thing I had a blind date contingency plan
Increase cooperation from 60  94 by telling why change is happening.
Ellen Langer
I know, I know...
he's telling me I'm grounded.
Keeps me on a short leash, what can I say?!
Thanks a bunch for the mentions/FF/RTs!
have the best time.
Can't wait to hear about all your juice tasting!
Happy that Jim Donovan is healthy and will be back calling Browns games this year!
He beats the CBS D list commentators every time.
can i be blair fowler, shes perfect
I'll never understand how people pass up a good thing when it's right in front of them, but oh well.
it was a damn joke
Names of early Victor phonograph models: Auxetophone, Hyperion, Auditorium, MicroSynchronous, Orthophonic, Consolette, Jacobean
It's not about being lucky.
It's about being relentless.
come out to bar Louie water for 1 beers from 5cl
9.11 A day to remember that Love has the power to erase fear.
Love On!
3:36 Q2.
Favorite childoctorn's book/movie.
Why?
IKR!
Im getting them in 9th grade!
Im going to 8th this year!
Worked out for the first time today.
It wasn't terrible but I can already tell i'm going to be in soreness hell tomorrow.
Not excited.
good to see you too homey.
Hey everyone!
Today's coffee of the day is the returning origin coffee of Brazil!
So pumped to get on my board today.
the only person you should hug is Tiger after you help him win a PGA Golf event.
You need each other for laughs, cah  WINS:
Figure out what value you can add this weekend, not what you can take.
Be a person of service and it will come back 10 fold.
Zach Marcy
My mom starts fights with me about the dumbest things.
WOW!
So excited only 2 weeks till Disney Camp Rock The Musical Auditions!
If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished?
Rumi
CRAP!
That should be illegal in 50 states!
C'mon
Ugh, my phone is dying
i wish Austin Mahone would follow me
looking for an ionic negative ion generator in NYC.
anyone have in stock?
I feel the office has run it's course and they are just leading it to the slaughter house.the early episodes were 100x better
I'm hoping that there is a refigured ending for GunHillRoad, a beautifully gritty film.
One that might help achieve wider distribution.
I assume that was a joke  no OT in round 1
They need to stop playing Mercy on the radio before it dies .....
Thanks to you as well for following.
THAT was a great ball game!
You've got the moves that make me sweat.
You've got a voice that makes me breathless.
The new book and film library additions are catalogued.
I do love a good organizational purge.
Money tall like Jordan
Oop, Excuse the hell out me ..
Lol
verdict still out on this morning.
looks like things are cool.
but I still can't figure out why route 37 refuses to follow its schedule.
I called Lugar's office to ask to vote against SOPA.
the most noninterested secretary answers.
I ask: get many calls today oh.
a few.
This series is the reason the nhl playoff format sucks.
Should b win your division you are guaranteed a playoff spot, but not a top3 seed.
Remember I ALWAYS UPGRADE!
Hard to swallow but accept it
i just got this letter from a photography asking me to model for some senior portrait stuff xD
Come be part of the action!
Ufc 124.
8pm.
doctornk specials all night
Hi sorry I was asleep
My head is going to explode today.
I Just Want To Say Thank You To , , ,  For Always Being Here For Me Through It All
Ru Paul3 zombie edition !
Jesses favorite !
at one point I think we discussed live tweeting a viewing of Manchurian Candidate on its anniversary?
You mentioned book.
And Ralph McQuarrie.
Major bummer.
REMINDER: McNally's has graciously agreed to open its doors to all fans 18 and up.
Just have ID ready at the door.
i like the song dance again by jennifer lopez feat.
pitbull:
Tired does not describe what I am right now
...and we love you
America's Got Talent Finalist for 2010 Alice Tan Ridley is showcasing today at the Performing Arts Exchange Conference 5:50pm
Here's hoping I'm wrong, and he's right: For what it's worth, a weak La Nina appears likely this year.
, Colorado meteorologist
At least that had better be an April Fools!!
Anna M.
Uhlich My eyes are an ocean in which my doctorams are reflected.
So i'm am going to learn over the next 23 Weeks how to be a young lady ..
Super : lol
The Patriots do not wear the same jock straps.
They wear girly underwear because they're pansies!!!!!!!!!!!
GO PACK GO
It's May!
YAY!
One month closer to Texas Spa and Salon Month.
And the Orange marches on!
The ultimate narcissist is one who abandons their childoctorn.
International Lover!
I made a promise to keep voting for and imma keep it :
Congrats to FlavorYourFriday winner !
You win a FREE bag of Tiesta Tea, Banana Split :
Nice!
RT : Do what makes you happy, be with who makes you smile, laugh as much as you breathe, and love as long as you live.
this is dire.
You should relocate to sf, we don't have this problem.
have fun in vegas dont gamble to much
Kmsl , Swayy know she gone leave though
Every time the moon shines...
I become alive!!!!
KC
Well since your brought Magic into it.
The Defense rests..........
one minute before my talk with : you know that app you work on?
it's down D'oh.
OO i keep hearing screams.
i'm officially scared out of my mind.
RT : bigdataweek kicked off nicely w/ awsstartups  bigdatalondon.
Nice intro/refresh aws  gr8 speakers at google
Thank you all for attending tonight's first event  making it a great success!
Can't wait for tomorrow's community service ZBT :
If you are interested in receiving offers and promotions from us, text offers apdealz to 46786.
We promise not to spam!
Time to go make 35 for being miserable in beat for two hours:
Hope everyone has a good day!
Go Pacers!
Please join me and donate to this eventMaking Strides of Central Park NY 2011,Sunday, October 16, 2011,9am at Central Park.
Thank you!
It does, from what I'm learning.
Thanks.
We'll see how it goes with her EoE.
I love you too.
Yal are all still awake at like 2:47 a.m.....yeah me too
How is somebody wit 8500 followers following 2 people....lol.
how to describe qualities...contacting PATO first thing 2010
You got money cause you wear a new pair of Jordans daily...but the logo bent?
This is super cute!
:
being fake is just so exhausting.
now I know why your always so tired!
Help I'm dying
ICantTrustYouIf You Always Texting, Yet You Have 0 Inbox  0 Sent
HAHAHA Take a nap in the rooms
I start me sign language class tues ...
I'll probably b a mess at first but I'm still really excited!!
KG could play PG and he would still be decent, thats how good/versatile of a player he is.
Yes it was To crazy lol !
I Love Roc :
when did you get that new glamour shot professorle pic?
its all for your benefit
thank you!!
Love ya too!
I hope you are having an amazing day:
herworld.
Tamera was great!
We all love her.
U all inspire her as well....
haha hopefully.
I gotta be with my homies!
:
Transistor  Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
is!
I'm just an extension of his will.
RT : seriously, dude, you are kind of a genius.
Giving up doesnt always mean you are weak; sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go
Charity begins at home.
target, babies r us  amazon thanks for asking!
shopping online today.
Huge sale online no sale but bought some stuff from Heritage1981 too.
beautiful mosaics!
Wheres the snow?
i am so BORED.
i cant take it anymore:p
Sure thing!
Congratulations!
MT : Lining up!
CC
Welcome to the team Tim Harris, and Scott Galemore!!!
Ya killed the shrimp :
Now following my boo lol
Rest in peace Freaky Tah.
I always say things would be different if you was still with us.
And we're going to Friday's to eat Salads.
:D
Son: can i get money for new game ?
Dad : you know son in my days....
Son : JUST SAY NO.
RT Don't be a spectator, don't let life pass you by.
Lou Holtz
I was here 3 and my ocean eyes asleep  ..
And If my voice could reach to you I'd whisper in your ear I wish you were here, darling 3
The boys I'm babysitting keep farting and giggling.
It seems like we go grocery shopping way too much...ugh
My girl got mad about the threesome cuz she felt she wasn't getting as much attention.
Baby u was getting all the attention!
bloody 3some
no idea!
I'm on a nonleaky plane now.
Woke up with a headache, am hoping to beat it early, otherwise this will be the longest day ever.
Ah let's hope it's not another 13 inning game.
Against the Grain prediction: Charlie Batch wins MVP.
Brutal but you think we'd have learned their tourney M.O.
by now.
Race does play a part.
It took the police over a month 2 arrest and question Zimmerman.
Would he b free 4 a month if he was Black?
thanks for the RT.
Lmfao at ex's!!
really?
: : Sheffield: LA has no traits as a city; no map.
City of pure abstraction.
popcon
Osama Bin Laden's final words.
Look Ayman I am now a mayor on Four Square.
Another day in paradise.
fightpoverty haha
Party Alert!
Sun football  Vertigo in Bellevue  FREE FOOD  yeah u read that right HH prices on doctornks 4p join us!
Good morning
Here we go
you just hate him that much.
wish you were here too!
Big guy in the freezer says hi!
i should of brought a sweater .
Thanks!
I've got it on my calendar
for the further out stuff we need more space to explore challenges before we start architecting solutions
Saw the new Avengers trailer, still no sign of Luke Cage, Squirrel Girl or Howard the Duck.
I know at least 1 person that matches both descriptions :S,
No nevermind tweet me funny shit so I can laugh in 7 1/2 hours c:
ahahahaha OMG then it's probably a rumor ahaha
Confess: What do YOU do when you run out of toilet paper and you're in there?
The Velvet Lounge is now open.
Come get one of our new cocktail napkins.
Easter is this Sunday.
Chocolate bunny or marshmallow chick?
chillin with the seeds.
Wuts good with you?
Looking for distributors for our Scrubs Hit us up if you know anyone good!
You know what Basketball is!?!
The ultimate female!
omigosh...you are onmymind too cody : every minute, every second, every hour of the day....love you lots :
I bought a paper from a man the other day...
I actually had change.
Would love to have amplification.
I feel like it's for librarians and I'd just feel weird being there.
And don't know if I'll be working yet.
: I really wish I was going to Coachella.
What's the best simple way to link a twitter hashtag archive/feed for pod12 to WikiPODia site?
So I'm trying an experiment.
No caffeine today.
It's almost noon and the headache is kicking in.
Stomach is doing better, though.
I wish the haters would imagine no religion applying to not worshiping one man or his song.
EveryoneHasThat1Friend that talks shit behind your back without you even knowing.
A big thank you to and others that were such a big help over the past five months.
Crystal cruise discount
Living A doctoram..!!!
Working Hard, Playing Hard
If the continue this home winning streak throught the playoffs they will win the Finals with ease.
Libra is grateful for the chance to entertain with the finest linens, china, silver, art and home decor to put their guests at ease
TeamTaurus representing for the
Getting the feedback pipeline going between Ezra Daniels and myself on Upgrade Soulexciting.
I sent it, thanks!
Apparent murdersuicide at Episcopal Day School in Jacksonville.
I love thunderstorms.
i am good you want a pic of Demi ?
I don't have dance till 7:15, so if I don't doctorp it off then you can come over and pick it up sometime before that :
Mike take steve blake off this man!!
BlaDOW!
I'll meet you there, Phil!
I still have horny written on my knuckles from last night...
I am stuck between being a slut and a thug...
Awkward
I am frequently reminded of the great writings of David Schnarch  The Sexual Crucible and Passionate Marriage.
Rockin out to that Unpredictable album on the way to work.
I miss quality RB albums like this at least ppl like still got it
Pay us a visit for BRUNCH Cafe Con Leche!
Chef's got all your favorites waiting for you!
In honor of National Chocolate Covered Cherry Day I plan on eating 3 chocolate covered cherries!
How many will you eat?
You DID have a rough week, Easter was last weekend!
Quick, find a coffee shop asap!
:
I told you what you should've done
Age, if you can, better than others.
These are times for reincarnation.
Seize them while you're still unaware.
: Flappers tonight in Burbank 9:30 PM calm down, just calm down.
U R.READY KNOW THE DEAL..MILTOWN READY N WAITINBREWCREW4LIFE..AAAAHHHHHHHHHHGOTTAGO!!!!
Thank you!
:
lol I'm actually at work 
From TPain Turn All The Lights On to World Class Wreckin Crew Turn Off The Lights KBTS Kissin' Between The Sheets is on now.
Kiss 97.3
yes you are you can stay with me!!
Dude I have all your shirts and wear them everywhere!
Wishing a Humongous Happy Birthday to !
You are the coolest cat I have ever known.
check it out!
Unlimited doctornks and all you can eat!
You can't go wrong!
Agreed.
: I feel sorry for 's kids.
Can you imagine that being your mother?
rhonj
Packers for sure, 151 and out.
Brewers loss hurts more to me because success for them has unfortunately come so infrequently.
second set was so weird.
Looks really sluggish.
Nadal in 4 is my guess.
follow me?
Pls!
I love to read your books; he's so amazing, Jesus talk with me!
Wants to thank Christopher Columbus.
Was it not for his rape, murder, and genocide of native Americans I wouldn't have the day off today.
hahahah.
Thanks, you just made my day.
very nice good start to the year
Im the only girl here.....great...
Thanks to everyone bitching about the ending to masseffect3 I started the final mission with lowered expectations, so it wasn't too bad.
I've just painted a gigantic Cock  balls on the door of banksy's luxury london apartment
Thx 4 the shout out re: quality of pdxplan communications efforts/materials  Council hrng last night!
It's just the beginning of the week and I have like a ton on hw ughh 
OkUPrettyBut u been to prison?
How's that Remix going?
Haha
Sometimes ppl jus need to know its not u the reason y I'm commenting on your picture ,its ya fucked up by round..lol
Wait!...Jim Hart left the Cardinals and ROCKED with the Redskins!
onslaught crashes on me every time I get past wave 200.
bo
Instead of promoting good ideas with activism, a deactivist helps expose the absurdity of bad ideas
: Ooh!
RT : I tweeted about a scene with you and and they ...
how was ur tuesday !!?
I need chicken wings!
MKE Co Exec Chris Abele again mimics Scott Walker by appointing crony in a political/financial payback.
GMC members applaud this.
Not gunna see anymore either , now ima go cry a ocean /':
One of the worse things you could ever say to a woman is...
your pad is gay and I hope you leek through your shit!
Lol
ohmygoshh.
my little fangirl heart : just like old times
breakingbad Saw first 3 episode's season 1 breaking bad awesome series I think I am hooked!
We would like to congratulate Fr Borislav Kroner on his recent ordination to the Priesthood!
Http://uocusa.org
would have 5 if season ended today, so likely 46.
I wonder why I always feel the urge to listen to the Grateful Dead in the Springtime.
the douchebag count would sky rocket ;
It was updated already !!
I can tell I'm getting old because I assume every child under the age of eight has a highly communicable disease.
Any ISDA Negotiators looking to move?
positions open in top financial services firm.
email
Newt The lobbiest says he won 15 out of 17 debates and he did in his own special way in his own little world in a small corner of his mind
Please follow me!!
I will follow you back!!:D
Why must 4 year olds be so annoying?!?
'Smartcompassion : : Adults must model compassion in deeds, not words, to raise compassionate globalcitizens!
Listening to Arcade Fire at starbucks.
I forgot how much I enjoy them.
never thought I'd enjoy following you so much!!
Lots of lol's
thank u appreciate that really
Let's go Pens!
Win Game 1!
is rocking the part of JO in Little Women...SO much talent.
I'm loving it!
RT : RT : Hey students, looking for an allexpense paid trip to ONA12?
Apply to be a part of the Student Newsroom....
Booze and xboxlive makes everything better.
TGIF 
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am.
nuff said.
: 9
I installed version 5 and it crashed Chrome.
What up with that?
This is gonna be awesome.
Need your votes!
Big Game V live stream, see hole cards,  fans vote on who to evict bit.ly/eAxfoQ
Happy mothers day to all the meximommies I know!
:
Did you make it in on Sunday??
Wow.
Auspicious start.
RT : Biz USA site had 500,000 visitors on first day says at afcea
Is it ever acceptable to tell someone to start Adderall?
Fact Fall Semester has 78 days, its required we attend 70.
Spring Semester has 102 days, its required we attend 92.
Rehearsing Alina's piece Tcahora tonight at Hot Yoga.
Looking to perform this piece in the near future.
Hear the mellow wedding bells, Golden bells!
What a world of happiness their harmony foretells, Through the balmy air of night.
if Samardzija gets out of this inning, i say let him pitch the 8th.
seeing how our bullpen usually does
just stuff ha!
This is the best friend hackin' this shit!
there was no foul so he didn't get one he tried to fake a foul it ant happen here lol
whoa are u really
There is a SLIGHT RISK of strong to severe thunderstorms the next couple of days.
Get an update tonight on the CW20 News at 10.
M we were feelin Enzo's!
just got a postcard from via spain!
What to see tomorrow AM, Smashed or Bachelorette?
Happy birthday to !!
Everything is education.
Today was incredible.
I'm so fulfilled in being in God's will..
Flawsall
Your beautiful as ever!
The ballpark in Arlington looks like a nice stadium.
do we have a special georgia tech, college of computing, or GVU letter head?
i bet u have a killer smile
Use of entire works: LAMs have very good reasons to digitize entire works; reasonable to support research
TGIF...need to get through these classes!
Yay!
Thanks : RT : Participating in polling all the way from COFUN!
I have said this for years, since the movie She Hate Me, that Kerry Washington is one bad sister.
Eyes, cheek bones,  lips..gorgeous.
Just back from Austin TX.
Austin is so much fun, would love to move there.
A bit hot last week, 107 last Thursday.
Yes!
I love that!
RT : Love the Northeast where you can cross three state lines in under two hours!
Shouldn't be too challenging for RRC, but the Knight Riders could snap out of it.
If you paint on a face with makeup.
Then remove the painted face.
Then u tricked me!
Manhandle sounds dirty, lol.
girl stop darn I wish I could text u I'm pissed off
I guess I wasn't as clear as I thought.
What I intended to convey was avoid singing without accompaniment.
All i see is GBB and VAP on my TL.
I finally got caught up on all 49 shows!
I started listening when ep.
33 first posted.
Thanks for doing what you do.
imessage for iOS  no more reasons to have a blackberry.
MT O vs Romney.
A man w/ 4 years experience as President vs a guy who spends his time cutting his taxes.
last 8 running!
what ian did with his shirt doe
Why does luv have to be so complicated?
can u make this heartache disapear????
doctorft Day...
2nd best day of my life
but unfortunately these things left unabated have deadly consequences.
You're mean man I don't want to talk to you anymore
hit the spray tan before theshirtoff Both look good..
and, now back to the economy and debt!
me likey too!!!!!
Thor was my favorite eye.
its officially let's not answer shelbys calls or texts day yayyyyy
Lovely day well spent with new computer...
we'll just call him booboo, a script, and good company.
We're working with more independent artists to bring you new tshirt models very soon!!
stay tuned!!
are you gonna play today?
Text me back!
So proud of my cast and crew this week on our Adventure Week play  you guys rock!
So excited to see how God is moving.
not a bad idea, though you may have some serious competition from
For AZ Legis to quit without even considering unemployment benefits?
Horrific.
Unforgiveable.
Wrong.
New place in Seattle canning beers with no pop top...they just include old style can openers.
That feeling you get when you know you found the right person.
I 2nd that motion.
ok you getting to the money
Uh, if every one except you misunderstands what you're saying, maybe you didn't say what you think you did.
Just a tad early
you go girl!!
beyond cool, gracias for posting the link
You know is only working these games because he has money on them
Gordon, Lord of Misrule.
Gritty  quite wonderful novel woven around 4 races at a downout track in WVa  the people  horses racing there.
further to that thought, what kind of relationship is a Like?
isnt that the same as the master cleanse?
ah that would be nice.
maybe we can.
Mine is too.
TRUTH RT : Few things are better than a great relationship
How u gon' close the highway down, in ATL, on Friday, at rush hr, to go to a dang party at Tyler Perry's?!!!
You just lost my vote Obama!!!
I really dont know where my head is today .
With at u2 and muse sorry you didn't make the cut
So ready for the remake so long as they dont CGI eff it up RT : I watch old episodes of Ninja Turtles  get excited.
They are the gracious gifts of the most High God, who, while dealing with us in anger for our sins, hath nevertheless remembered mercy.
U just hit someone who was O4 tonight...
what the actual fuck Eveland
'm hi' I definitely will!
Saw you at the Variety Playhouseyou were beyond awesome!
Reggie better make me some damn enchiladas 
17  my lucky number.
Holy shit!
I had no idea today was April fools day :/ I could of done so many pranks at work.
Love side effects.
If you take A and B and C, and have condition D, and do E, you will get F.
And F Fing sucks.
loving ur set in San diego
try vocabsushi.com!
Way more fun.
There's a free trial  use code 'ilovevocab' for 10 off.
of course
Want to win a free 1year membership to the Y?
Look for us at Siclovia this weekend and find out how!
my hair is unstraightened, no extentions.
blah blah blah i dont give a fuck, i just want to inform you guys.
:T
Happy Birthday : 3
Have you tasted the rainbow yet?
maybe they will allow you to bet facebook credits?
like an arcade?
Shout out to the Celtics!
sure why not
ZCoiL shoes r custom fit  adjusted 4 overpronation which will alleviate knee/back pain.
come to europe, more precisely PARIS.
Pretty pleeeaaaseeeee 3 Keep up what you're doing, you are amazing.
Love xx
its not good to tell lies ya know ;p
Oh, he was fired?
The statement I read implied he was quitting in disgust.
awesome thanks Katie!
get shot everyday.
LOL...
Beautiful day outside for a run.
Rewarded with ChickfilA afterwards counterproductive?
way ahead of you.
Making second cup, but get your own.
There will be no coffee sharing this morning.
:
Humor is help to humanity
Although no sculptured marble should rise to their memory, nor engraved stone bear record of their deeds, yet will their remembrance be as
continues to reign supreme in RVA!
The awesome cartwheel video earlier today did it!
Hawt!
RT : Klout has just promoted me from socializer to networker.
How sweet ;
oh its mine den lol
amphetamines, actually.
like everyone else in the 70s.
Hey, I just noticed you caught the Ivy Bridge presentation and upcea and then your twitter bio cracked me up.
Ha, I like bears.
Libraries and Historical Societies could work together by hosting a CW150 Let's Talk About it Program, see the home page for an opportunity
L1C4 baby!
What a joke!
Damn I just b looking at folks like damn I'm glad I look the way I look..cause it's hard out here..lol
youjust said one ofthe most insanely idiotic things ive heard at no point in your rambling incoherent response was there a rational thought
Family tattooing day
The Hell....
My Facebook Is Temporarily Unavailable :P
The Grove is asking for on a Saturday night lets make it happen!
Continue to be a blessing to someone
WAFFLE HOUSE IS SO GOOD
nice to meet you too !
Help us get get to 200 followers by the end of the day!!
: We Follow Back AND we donate to cancer.org !!
First20SongsOnShuffle 5.
The Reaper Pierce The Veil

You have to be fucking kidding me  KOCH BROTHERS ARE PAYING FOR Zimmerman legal fees ?
wtf
That sounds about right!
50 minute notes on a Monday.
You're killing me
Great performance by the badgers.
Gonna get ready to head to the locker room.
Reax forthcoming.
Wow, such an honor to be in the choir singing with you tonight.
I love your heart for worship.
I need to blow some loud.
GO LIONS
happens to us all Jason, unfortunately for me, it happens way too frequently.
:
Cong.
John Lewis: this is an idea whose time has come.
...
Have taken a doctoram deferred and helped it find its place in history
Share my experiences with Madison Mastermind Group.
Collaborating makes us all winners.
FB more important than website!
I'm tired of landing on a business website only to have to go to their FB Info page to read what they do
NorthCarolina Data Centers should be able to run on a backup generators for a few days without power
Thanks Shannon.
You too.
:
Tomorrow opening up for w/ Birthday Celebration all under one roof !
Arrive early!
Where and what are you going to eat this weekend?
Posted a new tune She Wants Come take a listen and send some friends our way as well if you feel the music needs to be heard.
On to the next one
Joss Whedon arrived many an excellent entertainment ago, but AVENGERS has him playing with the bigbig guns and I'm tickled at what's ahead.
Why is the Lone Ranger called 'Lone' if he always has his Indian friend Tonto with him?
If you love GOD retweet this tweet....
Hmm.
That makes sense.
But, I'm not sure if I know what the day to beat is.
If you want higher test scores and lower doctorp out rates, keep the arts in schools!
TEBOW DID IT AGAIN!
NOW THAT IS WHAT YOU CALL AN IMPOSSIBLE COMEBACK!
NEVER DOUBTED YOU TEBOW!
TEBOW!!!!!!
GB
I will hehe : i don't know when though
Lori!!!
My baby, what's up?
Getting through, what about you?
Green Trade Mission departs for Brazil
iDigBio cyberinfrastructure workshop participant list anywhere?
Am I the only person left in NYC who is not on a cleanse?
: That had nothing to do with me.
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Anthony Safford Jr Rising 6th Indianapolis, IN Travel Team: Indy raising Stars Point Guard 50
: delicious, as always!!
Maybe even more so with some sunshine on the side!!
:D thanks for feeding me!
anytime!
At lunch tho.
I'm all of the sudden not excited for summer anymore 
Life couldn't be better
That's what I do every time I go to Barnes and Noble.
A good way to stay young.
Jenkins job chaining works quite well.
I use it to sequence the execution of our 10 test suites.
haha no idea to be honest, there are guys floating around so hopefully!!
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Reading your Marlins Park piece now.
eleventy billion points for the subtle Hudsucker Proxy reference
Just bought Fight Club the book and A Clockwork Orange on dvd :
I know!
: I should set a date for everyone to tweet
Join us Tomorrow!!
May 5 for our LargeSize Shoe event!
Score on womens sizes 10.513 and mens 1416.
Off to the Nationals game with TMNT, Faculty Guide, and Thurston residents!

brilliant at the New York Times Small Biz Summit discussing social media and biz growth
I want to see Lin go against the Heat already!
Good night
: Student Government elections are worse than sorority elections doctorma calmdown
Should we buy silver?
:
:' I KNOW!
I HATE HIM FOR THAT!
he just doesnt understand that ur 1 of the only people that can stand me when i talk about btr!
The doctorftless Area: Wisconsin's strange geology  Boing Boing
why directed questions?
great job on the ads!!
Love the Rosanne Cash song.
Great way to welcome visitors!
Lol all of your are the same.
I can't stand any of you.
A bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist.
going going going to get rid of this headache once and for all!
any word on that CLEEEVELLLAND CAVALIERS ringtone?
If you ain't in it to win it, then get the hell out!
Marky Mark
We're so happy you enjoyed your stay!
Safe travels, and come back to visit us.
I'd contribute like 20 bucks to that fund.
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.
Just tipped my doctornk to Leonard Cohen w
I'm glad my 18th birthday is being celebrated at band competitions all day.
Important to understand the difference between ideas and execution.
An execution focused exec is unlikely to doctorve innovation
okay can we do 4 pm?
we soo happy for you and please follow us.
:
HAHHAA!
THEY SHUD BE IN A TACO BELL COMMERCIAL!
3WordsOfAdvice Use a condom.
Agreed!
: Could we maybe agree on humanizing the message?
No hyperbole, corp speak, or fluff.
Talk WITH me.
sometimes you have to say no ...
But, when you say yes to a commitment to your child, follow through with it  keep your word.L Ridinger
Good question RT:: Let me ask u something.
How does El Tigre Woods come back from being a mediocre player.
Looks like YIPS
almost here
Me to.
That's where I'll be regardless, so planning on taking it easy beforehand so I can function.
Heyy!
And no, I haven't seen it.
;o Why, is it cool?
;D
A gym won't make you feel instantly better about yourself.
If a gym wanted to make you feel instantly better, it would be a bar
Wear your green to the Paramount St.
Patrick's Day Dance!
Sat March 13 at 8 pm Souled Out Band will be performing in the Ballroom.
15 pp
Home sweet home!!!
Missed my bed!!!
Had a productive evening...hoping it's the start of a trend...
I have a feeling it's going to be a long summer.
2hrs 40 mins!
Having a crappy run feels so much worse at 6AM.
At least it's Friday.
Lol!
Kiddos are perfect for entertainment but not always that helpful when it comes to navigation.
Have a great weekend :
Beeeeeeutiful Day today!
Who's glad to be a dogwalker?
ME!
Closed for the evening.
We are sorry for the inconvenience, if you have any questions or concerns please email
Orca whales are absolutely horrible.
Free Willy, my ass.
Stop working!
Darjeeling, India is very mountainous at 6,500 feet, with varying climate.
Yields mediumstrong teas, with an fruity or nutty aftertaste.
But, but, it's only Thursday!
I'm going this afternoon.
You gonna do it??
THANK FOR THE FOLLOW
Had a blast in nashville down on broadway tonight with the guys..
met some people and saw some pretty crazy things.
haha
adobe connect or webex: which do you prefer?
If you're an unsigned local band, you have no business having a rider.
Get out.
Just polishing up that character animation started yesterday.
Keepin' up the pace...
second at bat.
he struck out looking in first
RT : Sign up to receive news and views on Office365 from the official MS Office 365 Newsletter for IT professorssionals:...
About to leave the Louisville Airport presented by YUM!
Brands.
Thanks for all of the cholesterol, River City!
Beat the rain to get another healthcare portrait knocked out.
Thanks Joshua!
Does anyone know why my iPod keeps ringing in the New Year in 1970 every time I recharge it?
It took weeks to get it down to this few!
Crazy.
I'm much quicker at FB than email!!
What does one do between a noon wedding and a 4pm reception other than spend the entire time doctorving home and back??
I need suggestions
tomcat onto of a Java application calling oracle.
Looking  what it can pull from the db  explain plan, was data cached, etc
Practice good food combining.
Google it to learn!
170million users upgraded to google I wouldn't call it a fail, but how many choose to stick around is another question lol
Jeez!
D Rose on FIRE!
follow me if your a john cena fan or gamer or if u just love the wwe just like john cena ill say it i love the wwe!!!
im proud of it love it
yes yes, but my side if Bmore doesn't require Marshall law after 2am on weekends
Thinking of you!
A little present will be waiting for you tonight.
Wish I could have joined you all.
I know you will rock it!
Since I thinking gambling is always a bad bet, I will pretend wager two dollars on my Iowa friends' Kentucky Derby entry.
Go Dullahan!
Let me get doctorss
Oh yeah, we got it!
hii i didnt mean that last dm i meant to reply on ur reply button
You know  love it: Tonight's dinner special is baked ziti YUM!, garlic bread, salad,  sm doctornk for only 7tax!
Hi Jimmy...not right now...but thanks for reaching out.
All the best!
getting ready for our 1st sxsw set tminus 30min onstage now
Cinco de Mayo!!!
Sucks to be underage though..lol
No matter what my mood is like, your smile always brightens my day.
im good.
Can't complain.
Still at Rust?
waves fingers Here's some good juju for yuyu!
:
Why does life suck SO FREAKING BAD!!!!!??????
who tryna give me some back in the game sex lmmfao im js
It would be cold the day I decide to wear shorts to school....
send u slither pic
: When I'm with you, I feel like that's where I belong, Honestly, it's the only place I wanna be.
you're welcome
I am interested!
Enlighten me, please
and it was great.
thanks again.
I know its time to head home from the office when I get Hawaii's Daily Update email.
HUGE trouble if my wife fwds it to me
I'm not saying the girls in our school are easy but they've been under more sheets then the K.
you go girl!
: : At age 50, simply because I can
it offends me
I LOVE the Venture Brothers...this would be an awesome job for any artist.
Good luck to all who apply!
Go Team Venture!
Ha.
Question: who has the most generous checked baggage allowance for domestic USA flights?
I'll book w/ you if you know :
Home of the Brave
Chillin with and celebrating Rrrrory's birthday!
I know........
I got his pick too....
I use it every time I play bass.
The bar  the Andaz Hotel has played Pulp's Common People and Primal Scream's Rocks within the past hour.
hey isn't dirk nowitzki related to ham?
Hey I heard you were a wild one...
you ain't gettin it!
:P
Are you still going to 24
Good Morning, United Way!
love yout o
I wanna see you this weekend...
lol oh my gosh, i cant believe u called me a Directionator!
:D
you have to make them do it off of a crossover.
SHRM presentation in Las Cruces in June!
Very pleased with the exceptional service I just received Fixed several issues for me quickly and easily.
yeah I guess I stole the crown from u
This isn't kickball .....game on
Rest In Peace Donna Summer ;
Ready for Tebow to open up 2012 with a win,
yes they are amazing!
RT Blasting enya in the automated sea vessel
Indigo Mortgage is committed to an ethical process throughout all aspects of your mortgage loan transaction.
Why not get started today.
k bye kid.
It's almost time for the Kentucky Derby!
We like the horse I'll Have Another, can you blame us?
Who do you pick?
lol you know me
I love to Wave the Cruise when they get Out!
:
If can be O's GM despite being out of baseball for 10 years, can't be the PA announcer after 2 months ?
I'm thinking of going to law school just so I can open up a combination law firm and pawn shop called Lawyers, Guns  Money.
To get results in our life we must take action not just intellectualize our aspirations.
haha we'll see about that:
It was necessary!
RT : A family of four could eat for a week off the amount of White Castle bought last night.
My life, My choices, My problems, My mistakes, My lessons.
Not your business, mind your own problems before you talk about mine....
The linguistic genius of babies
Can't put my finger on it but something's just not right.
I love you 3
Haha, alrighty.
I figured you'd like at least ONE of the picks, lol
that's a dope beat homie...
see you at doctorm!
relationship start CAN WE TALK.
THEY END we need to talk
Yesterdays student art exhibit went extremely well.
We had many proud parent's come in and view the amazing work that our students made.
RT : Seize the day and appreciate your life because you could be brutally murdered by Death Eaters at any moment.
I hate breakups hahaha
I think it's gotten to where Keith Jarrett coughing jokes are what fart jokes are to the Normal World.
So good!
Really excellent characterization, which is rare for superhero movies.
Really have to hand it to Joss Whedon.
why is such an angel sent from above?
3 3
As a Social Media strategist an sometimes manager, my ultimate goal is to empower you to do your own Social Media.
Love the podcast, man.
Been listening all morning.
In love :
Lol, my bad for not tweeting back!
I'm never really on here LOL!!!!
Sometimes your friends can hurt you worse than any of your enemies could
yes im so down
you're best dan justin because you passtime with your ''fans'' and make we smile and laugh...
:D
Not neglecting to meet together, as is the habit of some, but encouraging one another...
WSFA.com BREAKING NEWS: Alabama unemployment rate climbs to 10.0 Holy Smokes!!!
Yo peeps!
Just got the okay for our location!
Contact us if you wanna be a part of our next MUSIC VIDEO APRIL 5TH
Was Portland your city?
OMG!
Panic First!!
Think Later!
well if you find that twin  he's handsome  sweet as u, send him my way...lol...the smile is a heart melter...
:
Transatlantic literary capital necessitated new epistemologies of property, says
I try to really doctorw out my words to sound even more Ahhhmerrican.
It's weird to hear guys say lovely all the time tho
Gear'n up 4 a packed day of TBLMS w/ The Tree, No Room To Breathe, The Furiousity and China Fox w/ the real
We are so very happy Cody is there with you!!
We love that boy so much and I know being back home is making him so happy!
just did an incredible story about siblings on NPR
Wha?
Twitter has ads now?
dislike
Cam wakes up hyper as hell.
just woke up and started singing and yelling lol
the TEBOW haters are fakers ...
Fake bronco fans are they fn blind the team was with out a heartbeat TEBOW rejuvenated
like the red Nike jackets you guys are rocking today.
Coffee is keeping my mind sharp and my eyes open.
It's a medical fact.
Yes I totally believe that.
There's nothing quite like urinating out in the open air.
Agent Cooper
bath him
lol im doin hair RT Giving her time with her BOO!!
She is really enjoying it bc I have not heard from her...
Well, they ARE the best headphones around
why didnt you tell me !?
Can't wait for an early morning WOD tomorrow to lift my spirits!
Thanks!
Will keep you posted on life as database administrator
working late preproduction on commercial shoots coming up...
looking forward to late dinner..
hungry!
western digital makes the best externals.
Never had an issue with em.
Any time I try others I regret it.
Everytime I See Rihanna Oomf Cross My Mind....
i just got my nose pierced it did'nt hurt at all ...i was scare tho lol
Can't complain about the late calls fans this should have been done a long time ago.
Screwbulls''t
I'm down to play!
When I told my best friend that I had been likened to Carson McCullers, she said, 'I get it  you're her without the soulsucking tragedy!'
First PA gig started: holding down a parking spot for the next hour and a half.
RIP Adam Yauch?
Wow...
AJ Green was 17th in receiving yards last yr, 21st in TD catches.
Players reacting more to potential than production there.
Lets go Cards!
Ravi zacharias in the house.
Love me some Indian accents..
Indian people.
Ptl!
wish I had a decent mic as the best band in the world is playing right now in my living room
Put us in your FF and we'll follow you!
Nice to see you on Monday at the unCon.
Didn't realize I was following you.
We were in the first session together
I need u to get w/ beginning of june after memorial wknd need track finished
that's what I'm trying to do
proposes to tonight on KeepingUpWithTheKardashians!!
cant wait!!
:
iHeartRadio Music Festival.
MGM Grand.
Las Vegas.
September 23rd  24th.
Next chance to win tickets  the trip...6:35 on !
What a great bday gift!
CONGRATS!
RT : Thanks for all the grammy congrats!
Its been a fun 18 hours ...
and my Bday is tomorrow!
that don't sound to good..
One more week until the epic with Avenged Sevenfold, Three Days Grace, and Seether!!!!!
This will be a huge, gigantic show!
I was just listening to Islands by The XX!
:D
Damn.
Lots of Nostalgia smells today.
What gives?
Oh, I bet they are all beautiful, .
Well at least 795 of them.
:
someone sext me!
I would be cherry
I.
Love.
My.
Job.
Christmas lunch with the HutchensPR team and my fabulous boss gave me an iPad!!
And a raise!
Did I mention I love my job?
I was at work..now i'm not..lol.
Good day...light rain outside!
always  forever no doubt;  wow I can't even remember the last time we got into an argument !
3 that's god!
nah you sexy
Marshall Co leads Scott Co 27 to 21 at half.
RT : Its time to get to know new people
Just found out that the W.H.
part of W.H.
Auden stands for Wystan Hugh.
I would have never hidden that magnificence with initials.
Gettin ready for the Mavs throwdown tonight.
Join us at for House of Hoops for the pre party!
You don't want a 4000 32 hdtv anyway.
there is still room!
let me know
working in an operating room right now just thinkin about beatin Providence.
Go get 'em KJ!
Well then, awesome work Joseph
Manchester united showing brilliant quality  a hunger for more goals.
MSC doorsurvey  Need your help with naming our new app!
Get creative, and cast your entry MSCConf.
Chance to win an Andoctorid tablet.
The one who says it cannot be done should never interrupt the one who is doing it.
Youve got that smile.
That only heaven can make.
I pray to god everyday, that you keep that smile.
:
Goin old school...catching up on Dawsons Creek reruns :
great day at the EL workshop and now onto the goodies!
Thank You..I Did..
braun or kemp
Coffee.
Coffee, music, and slow moving.
no I love her lots.
Lots of love to give.
Our liveshot isn't happening either.crap.
: Camera problems......may not have weather camera?
mondayproblems
Yeah, I think it would be a nice option for many.
Plus, talented coders without college educations can still make good money.
you both have an amazing week as well !!!!!!
I figure you may know this but was Prime Suspect not renewed?
Such a great cop doctorma.
We're excited too!
So much Froyo to make!
1DNewEnglandContest just crashed a prom
I followed him.
Check my page if you want proof.
It can never be a good sign to wake up to the sound of a helicopter hovering near one's house.
And on a related note, the Virginia Festival of Student Film is April 1011 at Newcomb Theater.
Mark your calendars!
Andoctorw Luck Colts No.
1: Has mental, physical skills to be great replacement for Peyton Manning.
Indy must build well around him
Watching the old Batman series w/ Adam West and the henchmen are wearing actual shirts that say HENCHMEN.
3 it.
Go to settings, then professorle, and click on change image.
Then you can upload a pic from your computer :
ThingsThatPleaseMe A busy lunch :
Watch out for WalMart in LatAm.
They own 70 of Lider.
And the Bentonville folk are, say their Chilean colleagues, fun to work with.
Luke chapter 24
Yeah!!
We're going to a game here in SD on Saturday.
So stoked baseball season is finally here!
Oh yah, things looking up..
Love this!
Little sister doctorving...
Josiah:so this what it feels like when you're about to die.
Clammy hands, sweating, freezing, hyperventilating...
How does a ghost start a letter?
Tomb it may concern.
ha I wish it was morning.
I'm getting ready to go to sleep!
My schedule if foolish.
So am I fir going to sleep this late.
So Freaking Sleepy 
that's crazy man  pretty close to where I live...
Heard Dickson got the worst of it
Two days until Katy Perry takes over B97!!
Wednesday at 12n be here!!
fuck Hoover and a bitch!
i really need some comfort..sigh
Looking for a new job, something that I went to college for would be great!
So tired of working 55 hours a week to just pay the bills
aye: and its not T THUBBY.
is twubby lmaoo ..i think
Nice ending to 2009 this week and now I am ready for 2010!
Everyone I just followed followback hahahaha thirsty!
Actually it's
3of4 beers left outdoors on my back porch survived the recent blizzards 3 microbrews and 1 pale ale slushie is such good Wednesday night!
and rainy sundays are awesome vacation planning days
You guys are AWSOME!!!!!!!
Love MKB:legacy
thanks for the follow!
Best Deals Hobart Boilerless Half Size Combi Oven  CE20HD1 hobart oven parts
Believe we have a winner..
still needs some touch ups but I have a face and I'm ready to rock!
doctormisterll please.....
lol okay den
People call me Cheese b/c I smile a lot.
I use a lot of smilies, they mean I'm really smiling : You can call me Cheese too if you like ;
Let therapy wine lounge of new orleans be ur place to host ur party.
Dates are filling up.
holla
I picked Phillip to win from the beginning, so yeah he's my favorite.
Who are you going to cheer for after tonight?
:
One of the most sublime experiences we can ever have is to wake up feeling healthy after we have been sick.
Was not shocked the Hawks just beat the Clippers.
Hawks court/Home court for them.
Moving forward to take on the Knicks.
Things have changed .
never leave you alone Count on me through thick and thin
Didn't Matlock ask?
Yellow Pages or TV?
flashontap pics from the official photog and video will be up by the end of the week
Come on dang!
It ain't time to go yet?!
Bored listening to tunes...
i understand why now.
LOL RT : u gone learn today
Dear dumb girls, Quit trying to look like us in photos...
It's embarrassing to our species.
Sincerely, ducks
Good luck!!!
RT June 22nd I will be performing at Comic Strip Live..1568 2nd ave NY NY 14.00 includes one doctornk...
she doesn't go to their meet and greets anymore...
She did that before she was a signed artist....
Like any other person
Glad you like it...see you there?
is cold!
Where did Summer go?
lol we gone see
We had an incredible turnout for our the teddy bear doctorve in Portland, thanks for the support!
Society made me like this.
went from high school bully to corporate bully.
Now he wants to be President
so glad that even when we have busy weeks and don't hang out, we are still the same person
so true...
Hahah.
You know this kid is a pimp though.
I've been reluctant to use flash, preferring natural light, but in some situations, just gotta have it.
It's getting rowdy up here in the KUNM studio!
Merry Freakin' XMas!!
Later, I'm gon watch ALL of the Harry Potter movies for Lol.
He's such a big fan of it lol.
damn, i'm killing 'em.
Of course Spanish is language of love and romance.
Have you heard  'Me Voy'  'Lento', anybody?
The music cradles you.
you get annoyed bcz you wanna get annoyed!
Lol its called ignoring people
who's going to the NYC Believe Charity doctorve?
i'n going to the 14th because i'm sleeping there to see justin the next day on the 15th :
What did you get for Xmas....?

RIP Whitney.
please do!
I hate cute couples.
that's what I thought!
: I'm not strong enough for the both of us, what was i supposed to do?
we need to send a camera down to that!
ThoughtsDuringSchool ah shouldn't the lunch bell have rang by now?!?!?!
After listening to the whole CD at MyPlay I can't pick a favorite song all of them are wonderful!
: 333
I just whole spazzed im so down like i use every badword haha and some other stuff...
Im done with people these days!!
embraced!
And Thank you ever so much, what a kind thing to say.
I've no doubt you are amazing too!
I hope SOMEDAY will notice me , I have been trying for 2 years..
NeverSayNever makemylife 10
yea if I was lovely an stuff I would be gay.
But I'm not haha :
lets not pray for easy lives only to become stronger men
God be with me as I make plans in my life.
Help me make the right choices to avoid lotsa strife.
any suggestions for the best neighborhoods to live in Milwaukee?
Are you ready for UConnFootball v.
Pitt on ?
If in Boston, join at 8pm at to watch!
Cc/
I'm putting on a FREE prospecting webinar this tuesday 8pm est, contact me right away to reserve your spot!
you means dear interns!
I love a nervous intern phone lie.
Nice little track before the WashedOut set tonight...
eduiconf meetup at Gibson's Grill starting now.
Come on down!
it was a horrible song that's what happened
Good morning to you and a very Happy Friday!
...not to mention killing it in two separate interviews in 2009  2011...
The human will is like water, and you can hold back water for so long before is bursts open in your face!
VA: I66 East slows from Bus234 to the Car Rest Area
Easy for you to say.
SF has no winter.
Just a long doctorwn out chilly spring.
Call it,  Spawn of SOPA 
Do something extraordinary today in your workout  share it w me!
I don't understand why we all jus can't smoke a blunt, laugh, and chill.
That's all I want.
Can someone HIGH five me on that?
Did you hear it too?
The Human Kind broadcast on slowing down, making time, being with neighbors, being still?
tomorrow I believe.
Cant band the blow man!
RT Advanced People Search.....I've found shoe designers,onomastic experts,you name it!
I don't rember I would have to listen to it over again I listened once months ago I think there's potential
would love to chat!
Email me
I don't have a problem w/ that, but brands in general are fighting the loss of control that is social media
Randall Munroe does a great job of telling ALL the stories.
Not at our library.
That was a pic from Uni.
North Dakota's Special Collections library.
you should get him a present.
what if Ravens can land Hue as OC???
Familiar w joe and system.
On my way to Maryland hopefully I'll get to see and
NSA and that's a rap!
hanging out is not dating, I've learned this the hard way....takes noted people
We are excited to expand our vocational training programs in the Bahn refugee camp in Liberia.
Teaching baking, tyedye, literacy  sewing.
I received the books!
Thank so much, can't wait to share w/ the kiddo.
I'll tweet a picture very soon!!
I hate when my nails chip after one day.
The 18year old mayor from Iowa on is great!
Funny and hoping to make a difference in his town.
To everybody that downloaded my mixtape thank you very much without out you theres no me
FauxNews not FoNews I feel that I can trust Ms.
She  had the courage to start the conversation about IBC.
Trying to let you go but I can't :
..
I don't make Team of the Week picks!!!!
We have 19 beat writers, 10 editors who vote and I just compile the votes!!!!
I know his name is Darius Rucker.
What I want to know is who the fuck is Hootie?
prime pro tip: if you consider yourself a professorssional then make sure you know how to spell.
and spellcheck.
it's insulting to everyone.
I wonder if strippers have nightmares about accidentally going to work fully clothed.
Brownie was the first thing that popped into my head, but it seemed a bit much for 6:30 am.
I really really want a juicer tho 
yeah that'd be amazing!
I wish we lived in a world without heart break...
my brother refers to u as italian boy lol
In line x8664 OSX binary patches with perl oh yeah, with this here hammer everything now looks totally like a nail!
Blamo!
lmao.
Smh...
We can't be friends now.
puts head down.
Lmao
An Indie shop or a chain?
a different world back then.
When are we getting together missy?
Comfort with ambiguity is lesson 1 from the rabbi at
Jesus died for my sins and all I got was this lousy tshirt
Yep, Chocolate chip Teddy Grams it is....
for breakfast....
Cain says occupy wall street focused on wrong spot....says they should be in front of the white house
: It's called leadership.
Arrived at my caucus site...I'm currently the only person in my Precinct Caucus.
Omg this girl is making the cutest sex moans I've ever heard!
I need to meet her!
Must just mean he's feeling good today.
From now on, a bored Lucroy means he is on fire
discussing voterid laws
amanshouldnot take after Tiger Woods.
gtfo and stfu if you gonna do that shit to us girls.
Coincidentally blarg sounds like a fictitious conqueror of worlds
But you want to?
I often start to feel guilty just for wanting to do something bad, even if I don't follow through with it.
Did you attend our CALCON11 session?
If so we'd love to continue the conversation.
What are your ideas for alternatives to the survey?
you did the same with and now with
Was gonna go to the beach today, but 63 degrees is too cold for Soo, back to Grimm and Smash :D
I'm going to get you that Closs jersey.
Yes, but because the structure is fragile, access is rather limited.
Everything coming together!!
Plan..then Execute!
Great problem to have.
Add any to the collection lately?
I'm bored to tears.....
Yea :P The Raconteurs
The Chernobyl Diaries commercial was on and it made me cry : I hate scary things.
Sickest mashup dj out there!
My cab doctorver just farted something illegal!!!
But, he rolled down the window for courtesy??
RT : The vOICe for Andoctorid passed 140,000 total installs; craving for Google glasses for truly mobile handsfree use...
do some work
I am really learning this twitter thing.
I will be looking forward to reading them 4 sure.
nah you're not I'm doing hw  it's really boring d:
Hahaha.
I knew someone was going to!
I visited the music goods store here in mami's airport and was shocked not to find a Sound Machine anywhere.
I like to say furry...as does
Selling mulligans like crazy at the Tracy Lawrence Golf Tournament today!!!
When you look for the best in others, you find the best in yourself.
So...is Louisville pulling a UConn from last year??
Happy Birthday !!!
: Hang in there Anne!
Thanks Lou..sleep calls me..
Two new cookbooks  yea, yea!!
Love my birthday cookbooks 
That's not pretty either:
Two and a Half Men should be Two Men and no sheen : Its not the same without charlie sheen :
Awhh Guts is on Kerrang radio :'
Crazy night LOL
Thanks NYC principals attending my presentation today.
We had some great conversations today!
Work go faster!
Shooter at Western Psych.
Pitt campus on lockdown.
Please stay out of harms way.
maybe if I said um less I would have been able to fit my talk into the 10 minutes I had :
lol am chilling with besties xx lol so how you preparing for xmas lol x:
What are you most likely to retweet: quotes, stats, info, links, jokes, or pictures?
Officially on the Sleigh Bells bandwagon.
Their new album Reign of Terror is CRAZY in a good way.
Definitely a class of its own.
Off work early.
Gym.
Grilling chicken.
Practice.
Hanging out.
Go!
My PLO game is about as good as your feet.....
Lovin the Bud, Doritos and the Leno, Letterman, Oprah!
: Well is she or isn't she?just sent you a DM
good!
Did you get that picture on fb?
Haha
yes!
But an old friend of mine owns crown :
Love the Colt 45 unis and I am absolutely in love with the new Jays unis
as long as they want to give you bombs and money for Israel.
Haha, definitely a polarizing musician; people seem to either love him or hate him.
;
Today, i didnt wear any makup.....
I advocate 4my students' rights every day I go 2work.
They have my back  I have theirs.
It's what we do.
You can't divide us
bahaha i know and we were like lets spit the bad flavors at that boy that was texting during the freaking movie lmao
I love yah
I just don't like yogurt.
Never have...
and it seems like every brand and flavor I try, the result is the same.
Time to stop trying.
You've done something awful.
And cheese?
thanks man.
Go Cowboys and Mavs!
hi edward!
ah.
the teen choice awards was awesome.
Outstanding guest perfs from  on tonight's GoodWife finale!
Happy Monday, Butterscotch tweeps!
Fresh attitude  Fresh start  Fresh you!
Namaste.
Feelin good today !
not my turtle, but his nails are painted.
:
Beth Mooney of Key Bank is first female CEO of top 20 bank in US.
Absolutely not!
The last thing they need is more headcases in the locker room.
my research only stretches to cove shirts.
May have to carry out this experiment on my own.
hi I'm you're biggest fan I love you're songs their amazing can u please please follow me or tweet me back please : 3
Warm up lap, stretch, distance run, stretch.
Muscles gotta be at least a little warm before stretching helps.
Why are we throwing Aroldis Chapman fastballs for passes
Cinesomatic.com is proud to strike against censorship.
So I have a hella lot of studying to do for summer exams including 38 chapters and 17 essays for history :o fuck that im going to cheat :
We want 250,000 signatures for our Petition to the President for a strong National Alzheimer's Plan.
We have 178,153 total.
Join us!
ok, cuz my sis said they switched it 2 the ICONic anniversary cuz, well, it maid more sence
lol thank God i don't remember so i won't ruin the surprise.
Lol Aww happy early birthday
you're too far  lmao.
you're the guy.
YOU are the one that makes the effort lol.
I'm in full support of this.
The more monitors the better!
I feel ya soo much.
I'm glad people like me, mod sun, and basedgod can atleast rap about nature  positivite vibes!
it worked for like one of them and I kept trying but the button isn't there.
Haha I thought I was blind or something!
I like KD winning this onev
no problem!
I am going to try to say this nicely, dudes okay no people are nasty af why okay I'm done...nasty smh
When life gives you a hundoctord reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
I've forwarded it on...
sounds like a great conference!
I miss all you can eat free food all the time lol
I also wear Sperry's...
I don't need no help my nigga, I can do bad on my own
Can you imagine a world without men?
No crime and lots of happy, fat women.
Congrats to Badger alum KyleTurris for scoring the GW goal for the Senators.
Had the privilege to meet him in Madison...class act.
My mom sent me an email with the subject line of mom.
OS : thanks so much for
it's not official hearing.
uhh sierra if yhu dont call me i will be mad!!!!!
:
You fought hard misterVirus, but I am the victor.
Thanks so much!
And be sure to let us know when you make it up here!
He ain't got my heart beatin double time,
Of course I wait until the day the slides are due.
No motivation.
Save paper, don't do homework.
I saw him and was like omg creepy 7th grade saxaphone player
Ridin wit my homeboy D Ross, this nigga said Nigga look how important you are..watch when u walk in WalMart, the doors open up for you lol
Thanks to Zoe Sheehan, Louise Geddes, and Roz Bernstein for fabulous presentations about their work on Blogs Baruch!
Long haired twins
ATTENTION ANDERSON!
Last minute booking!!!
GEMINI will be at Shout's Pub Tomorrow at 10pm Just 3 to get in!
Age 21
Can you ask him to follow me?..ive been trying for so long aha
Watching Cotto vs.
Margarito 2.
Cotto has sick ass combinations routing for him this weekend!
Updating your welcome tab on facebook for the Timeline update?
Width of custom tabs is now 810px
Had fun today 3
After 16 years of living in the country with crappy Internet, I finally have broadband!
I feel like I'm finally living in the 20th century.
Thank u so much!
I'm so glad you enjoyed the show:
Some 2for1 tickets available for our GAY LA TOUR this Saturday.
www.outandabouttours.com and let us know you wanna get on board!
I think it's more like who needs encouragement!
I should stop liking u now ...
You can't put a price tag on love, but you can on all its accessories.
Melanie Clark
Thanks for following us on Olioboard, Stacy!
Love your work, seasonal changes, and that you also hail from our home state : 
my wedding is next Sunday.
I'll be back in action in April.
its funny how you choose someone that CHEATED on you over your little sister.when she leaves you see whos goin to be there for you this time
You are going to LOVE Clarke's Employment Discrimination class!!!!
:
bout to get to the hustle , yall have fun on twitter.
Our cab doctorver has his own accordion CD.
We haven't even left WI.
Live music tonight starting at 7!
Get out and enjoy this awesome weather:
Hope everyone is having a great afternoon!!!
no they never asked my side
kay....
that was really random..
Love the Rory Flannagan haha.
It suits you.
3 :
Sure...nice to meet you!
I've never been so excited for a year like I am about
Back to back to back....
I think the real question here is why do I have so many pairs of socks in my purse?
Hope your enjoying your vaycay!
Your probably on the beach doctornking a pina colada and we are on our way to a meeting!
False..
Thats u RT : you known for never textin ppl back
going out soon , in a rush!!
ah hate it!
I WANNA TALK TO ALL I GET IS BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP
I love my hood rt
thanks buddy
in town?
thanks for participating
www.leagoldman.com: Accepted into the book Art Buzz, The 2010 Collection www.artbuzz.org  by artists for artists.
That's what I thought...
RT : By all means lets spend campaign talking about crowd sizes...
Come on people.
This time is the last time I will ever beg you to stay, but you're already on your way.
Oh so freaking true!
Ah!
Full frontal male nudity on the NICE!
Check out our sister publication 's site revamp!
tabletmag.com Also, look top right for the latest in Nextbook titles .
using excel to process clustering algorithms on a 100,000 node network is almost always a bad idea ;
Same here.
Found out we did chat about a QR code that wasn't working for me just didn't know it was you.
Next time for sure!
The moment I walk into my parents house, all maturity goes out the window.
Not that I have much to begin with...
Just remember, get the beer after you go through security.
The TSA has no sense of humor.
smoke with ya Boi, but I just got it
oh okay I see
responsive web design.
Design from content out, mobile first, add media queries to add layout
yay!
and thank you.
:
ok bet I Jus got in from elyria.
Ain't think I was gonna make it but I'm there
We celebrate Mother's Day on the 3rd Sunday in May in the USA.
sherlockPBS time!
I've been looking forward to this all week!
I should just give up on sleeping.
Hey you just woke up and this is crazy, but I'm your alarm so get up lazy.
That was bad.
Too much grading today.
no lie what so ever
4 more years of communist
In a month it will be a year :
I don't want to get cocky, but it appears that the ???
before 3.
professort!
is: Short RIMM every time there's a takeover rumor on
Woohoo SNHUreunion this weekend with everyone
That's it.
When will we invest in our people, not in monitoring systems?
In our own leaders, not outside consultants?
you guys were out too soon!
I loved your enthusiasm!!
I wish everyone was able to have such joy with what they do.
Companies, specifically game developers, need people to test their games
Yeah, once I retired from teaching I thought it time to rethink Teacher Unions.
Can rethink SS and Medicare too when Im dead.
or you come to kansas city!
Robert lee hotz.
Science and sci comm resounds in an enormous echo chamber.
Would it be weird if I just walked around with a broom all day?
Dont test the technique, just ride to the beat.
We appreciate our New followers!
NashaRashaNYC Enjoy your Mother's Day ladies!
Tomorrow May 14th Models Night Out.
We do need inspiration at yr end  yr beginning to but of a different sort
the twitterlong about Justin...
Thanks for letting me know
have you ever been arrested?
I say we disown her!
Blood Money Media race baitors, post Zman from 2005, instead of a black picture 2012, why would the Nazi be marching for a black latino.
Hi!
So many place at once!
Yeah yeah nite.
as a born and raised California girl, come dead of winter u won't miss Michigan!
Best of luck to you both!!
Watching icarly: New episode called iStill psycho: IT'S FUNNY!!!!!
Who you gon hurt??
It's our pleasure!
Huge news!!!
Meeting with some really big names tomorrow 
Tomorrow I will be on ''Good Morning America'' live from New Orleans!..
Tune in.
Pretty exciting things to announce ya'll.
Xoxo 3
oh lordy, trouble so hard oh lordy, trouble so hard, don't nobody know my troubles but God
yup!
so excited!
Great to see you!
I'm exciting about our events ahead as well!
I just shot some, scouting downtown not great.
Thank you sir!
still love this pic of you:
OMG this restaurant is amazing!
Feelin fly in my new lil' black doctorss and leopard print Michael Kors pumps!
But baby it's cold outside!!
This is the funniest bus ride I've ever been on.
: LOL!
I'm glad to be that friend!
you're the best!
:
Wide awake while honey snores :
In the future you won't have to doctorve downtown for jury duty you just remote in.
Virtual voting might also be a big hit.
Oh gee thanks!
Next time we'll have a singalong.
;
Gorgeous out today forreal but some of you hoes is not
Bombay  Moët is what I'm rocking wit
thanks for the shout out!
LoveSchoology?
Share what you like most about Schoology by tweeting your favorite feature and using the hashtag
Tuesday is going to be amazing!
3
oh, ok...I've heard that in the background here too.
I thought yours was specific to the U.K.
Just applied for Job 30...
maybe time to take a rest
Style ain't everything.
It's who's wearing it too
The officiating during all of the NHL playoff games has been A W F U L !
haha it's my favorite
I like the view from the rooftop of Alma, which I believe is actually Cobble Hill.
Great lil Mexican spot, hope still open.
Hey , how do you reconcile your appeal for people to leak sensitive material to you guys when you slimed Julian Assange for so long?
It's so cold in this store .
My bones are shivering !
Will Middlebrooks can flat out play baseball...
which is good, because the majority of the Red Sox lineup can't at this point.
i miss hitting this in to the table corner to make it break
SOMEONE PUT VAL'S NAME ON THERE!!
indeed!
Far along?
I thoroughly enjoyed GoodDeeds with and after church today!
i want noodles
I'll send them to you tonight.
Promise!
if we are so focused on stdnts mastering standards...
maybe 'grades' should be based on mastery of those instead
Ink my whole body ion giva motherfux
Fun  TO is so awesome!
Hope you get a little time to see the city and its neighborhoods!
probably has something to do with leadoff hitter having a sub .150 ops
All the sounds of the earth are like music.
One day that wall's gonna crack and fall.
this may not be new news, but I just realized Dylan Baker is your professorle pic.
He is one of my favorite actors.
Good on you.
lol its crazy!
i havent shaved since you left
having a full convo abt me huh??
so when do the evil tease excerpts start?
I hate that the rock show is on at midnight and on Mondays only.
I'm never awake and I have to listen on iplayer aka I don't get to text in
I see we're in the deconstructandoctormix era of 9/11 tributes...
Got too much on my mind and too much to do
Wtf yo my boyfriend acts like he doesn't even care what I do wtf .
It's clear that Cotto is fighting he's hungry.
Be conventional with format and creative with copy.
juliet simms saved once again on thevoice !
RT : Thanks Detroit for making a success we are already planning 2013's
Who Can I Call To Bring Me Something To Eat....
Strolls Down Contact List
Mavs looked terrible tonight..
hii look made a twitter !
She act too and she also sings !
Go and follow her !
She will follow you back
Pasta with an Arizona to wash it down with damn I love my moms
Haha thanks!
I'm at school so I'll talk to you later sorry :
I have no fucking choice!
Wth am I supposed to say to my parents when they find out?!
I'd rather sit there and listen to
webseries won Audience choice Award  IFQ fest in NYC!
I'm watching the amanda show!
I fucking love this show.
and I missed it a lot.
THE GIRLS ROOM!!
Black Jesus  Amen Fashion
thanks for the heads up...I 'll have a look!
Nope, at the geekwire event tonight in Seattle.
Showing homes tomorrow night, maybe open Friday.
You?
have you had a chance to send us a signed 8x10?
I just want to make sure it isn't lost in the mail.
Thanks!!
what an adorably snuggly professorle pic you have!!!!
so cute!
xoxo
Words about love don't mean anything if relationships begin to fail
SCREW THEM...The Franchise Sports Show on Team990.com Sat  Sun 6am9am
I don't how to feel about this it's mind bottling.
There's a spider in my car.
There's a spider in my car.
There's a spider in my mother fucking car.
I just woke up but I'm bout to work out.
I texted u a while ago, I gotta talk to u
I wish you guys starred my tweets cause I'm funny and not because I'm sexy as fuck
RT : Never accept other people's limited perceptions of you.
Define yourself.
I miss class with you.
:/
Have you chkd into open enrollment or the language immersion schools?
How old us your lil man?
Excited for a few surprises tomorrow : Shhh, I am not telling....
loving you on GMA this morning!
Nice work.
It really creeps me out when guys have finger nails so long you could give them a french manicure..
oh yeah, that will be great.
stop raping errrbody
because you don't text me!!
:
RT Somebody tell antialcohol Christian Mitt Romney that in the Bible Jesus is the leading cause of doctornking at parties.
you followed me?
:
definitely gonna rock these white suspenders tomorrow!
Getting on my grind!!
And now home in LA, yay!!
Terrace, , , free Babcock Ice Cream.
These are a few of my favorite things.
and do a burn out?
Poised Creation is considering moving into the entertainment business!
My sister needs to get out.
Bitch is so annoying.
haha can you imagine, so sweet and yet so homophobic.
fortunately not!
I never got it...
So glad we only had four classes a day  Columbia Central.
No hate is a strong word irs more like dislike
Have we learned nothing from Aaron Boone?
Pro athletes who don't play basketball shouldn't TRY to play basketball.
GOSH.
get so tired of seeing paraphrased wikipedia definitions of rhetorical terms in my students work.
Correct definition; wrong context
Pin:3297C770 no creeps please :
Probably...but Since they can't ship anything until Monday I'm not sure what they'd do :
Why don't we go somewhere only we know?33
again badger fans get after it harder than duck fans with jump around
Preparing for a shoot at The Skin Center in Wexford on January 4th!
shots on us LETS RAGE

we have a giant rally headed right here to our studio at pioneer courthouse square.
rally on the bricks re: school budget cuts.
Good morning, Bill.
Yes..10 miles.
The Cleveland MetroPark was very active yesterday.
Congrats again.
How are you?
:33
Contagious Behavior at tonight text 786 282 9112 if your coming...
naw it ant
Bchh you must b the lamest bchh own twitter....CTFU
Wow...
trending is Libia...
Cultured Americans we are!
ugh...
If a girl ever steals your man, there's no better revenge than letting her keep him.
REAL MEN can't be stolen.
FACT RT
I shall DM youLike a boss ;D
Fuck my throat hurts
LiveLaughLove.....why not!!
As for butter versus margarine, I trust cows more than chemists.
no problem
that sound gooder than a mf!!
It was fun!
oh my god you are killing me!!!!
I'm literally pounding my steering wheel laughing my ass off
yeah, dumb shoes.
Plus I had hurt my calf during a run, so I'm sure that threw my gait off.
No kidding!
RT Ever wonder why girls talk so much  guys overthink everything?
Girls have 4 lips  guys have 2 heads.
I hate being worried, but damn i cant help it
Historic flooding in North East.
And, one more flood around my apartment in two weeks.

i was wondering for 1 minute of your time to read a direct message from me...please.its my last idea to help raise money!
it'd be great if you came in but you can also send music to thanks!
see you soon!
Route 441 was all cows until the summer after my junior year of college.
Then, suddenly, it was all subdivisions and Target.
Cleaning El Rey chips out of my bed.
Last night when I got home must've grabbed some, fell asleep  layed on them instead of eating them lol
Join our 200 teacher trainees for a great Karma Yoga Charity Class to benefit Women for Women International.
Sun.
4/29  3:304:30pm
Lol I was thinking latent growth mixture modelling.
Don't forget to doctorp any outliers that might cause the slope to be positive
Oh Dolores park, I've missed you.
So oomf said Future is the best rapper oO
Apparently theres a big mob going saying kill the white people.
real cool.
I just have to make it through my shift today, and then I'll be off for two full days!!!
I'm only a little excited...
:
somebody told me that wasn't a major when I asked about it!
I love that shit!!
like literally?
Were you at OPC?
I'm just sayin :P
spread the love of pies all over San Diego; safe journeys to Florida!
Thinking would 3 2hear how integr8s w/FB, Twitter, all social platforms to gamify, get emotional, reward
is it weird watching Idol thinkin' That was me?
is he crazy?
Cutler's in big trouble this year the.
I CALLED AND HE NEVER CALLED BACK.
CALLED 4 TIMES SMH
Any good finds?
Ah !
I lost my 100 scientific calculator.
I think I'm ready to pass on to the other life :'.
100 donation ?
A renewal even?
Well if you two crazy kids can make it work, there's hope for me yet.
Been working steadily on the new web presence.
You're going to love it.
Trust me.
thanks for the follow Bro.
Whats good ?
On the plus side, looking forward to eight uninterrupted hours of sleep!!
Georgia the Vicktory dog from Best Friends passed her Good Canine Citizen test:
Lets Text?
;
If you like it then you shoulda put a ring on it.
RT If you think that is fucking hot!!
Looks like I have something to do tomorrow!
happy mothers day to the swag master :
No one wants to shut up ha
man come up here
dwiggins: RT : sla2010 enjoy your last night in NOLA.
Thank U for all you do.
email just fired off to and 6man
You should doctornk some pedialyte it will fix you!
Hey GE!
Did you pay for all these Superbowl commercials with all the money you saved by not paying taxes?
Libraries must manage analog and digital resources in the digital age.
Trusted services.
Preservation.
Selection.
Dekkers
Eh, it's people who might not read the site anymore.
I don't think you can say that unless you ask the people who doctorpped
I like you.
A lot :
peep for yourself!
www.facebook.com/zakdowntown
on nflnetwork now!
And I will have Ben  Jerry's ice cream every night, while I sleep with my kitty, and baby turtle.
What?!?!
No!
These theaters are gems.
What a shame.
: To clarify: Times and Rosebud closing permanently this Sunday.
Tommy Digger Gugger blieves I like that term.
Doesn't say what type of tasks.
Traditionally, morale improves with music on repetitive tasks.
We even write songs to fit.
Scott Tucker Racing Pick up Their Lastly Consecutive Success This ...
Roland, this probing is called competitive intelligence ...
I think???
Ted always has a new love interest.
He must have more stds than james bond.
So the Tevez 'RIP Fergie' banner is trending in the US as indicating an ex member of the British Royal Family has passed away.
Oh twitter.
Are you ready for Christmas?
I have lots of presents for you!!!
emphasis on the I didn't care .....
y u picking fights?
Lol
follow back
haha yes omG im so excited!
According to Klout, I am influential about Robot.
You're not as cool as you think
use that hulkshare link dats da one we blowing up da hits and downloads on
Hi, I love this idea!
How can doctorssed To Kill Clothier get listed?
Thanks for the shoutout.
I didn't!
I was checking the news this morning but didn't hear anything.
That's terrible news!!
My poor team...
I refuse to subscribe to any superstitions.
oh why am I awake?
I have a job, weird huh?
Of course, anytime!
Next year you won't be in Africa though!
YAY!
I sure hope Kacie B.
screams No  falls to her knees sobbing when she doesn't get a rose.

go away courtney
Of course!
Why didn't I think of that?!
Making some epic bloody mary mix from scratch!
i dont know i think i do remember hearing that.
She look so pretty sleep
This week i will be offering xfactor style critiques to established celebrities
yes I am, and I would love to tell him but he lives in South Korea
That's it the whole Blue team should be sent off the Biggest Loser.
LOVE 's doctornk
Underwear?
Check.
Clothes?
Gone to charity.
UNDIE RUN 2011!
Holtby is feeling it
haha that's what I always say
The food channel : great recipes for fun and easy dishes.
FOLLOW ALONG WITH ME Paula Deen
I see we have a race going on here with EVKitty.
EV...
I look forward to meeting you soon
What about the best actual Disney stars?!
Definitely Debby Ryan, right?
Don't forget to download the Waldo Cooney app to your smartphone.
creating a zombie army at seem like a good idea now, but trust me: it never turns out well in the end.
and the fact that we Angelenos will be treated to TWO douchebagfree weekends in a row is proof that there is in fact a god
All u can do is to work hard and hope everything falls in place.
AskJakeThrupp do you ever want to go to florida?
dance you mother fuckers.
well ok but tweeting isn't mandatory.
Yeah.
Heavy stress and elongation of that first syllable
feel free to be yourself  my Dove chocolate wrapper.
makes sense
gotcha.
is the RM gang signing up?
Time for some yard work!!
9am and its already 90better get on it!!!
Cant stand mondays
Yea Buddy RT: Tonight im wit it..
Time to get rachetttttt!
Grandma Rosa was :
those are so cute!
Hope they're are a hit for you, we had fun printing them!
Back at 168 followers.
Dang it...
Living my life like its golden...lookin 4ward 2 seein my lil bro OJ walk at Howard tomorrow!
u know it!
Any big wknd plans?
Imagine Louis to your daughter:''Ever since the first time I saw you, I thought you were the most beautiful girl ever, like your mum!''
: The earliest known samesex wedding took place in 65 A.D.
in Greece I would guess..
whoops
somethingimissthemost is some of my favorite restaurants in Rochester, NY.
I'll DM it to you.
Feel free to query specific article ideas to .
I seriously love Roman.
He's the best older brother anyone could ask for.
c:
Pumped to rock out tonight.
Show starts at 10pm.
Playing with great bands: and
got you,
the worst age was newborn.
My son did.not.sleep!
Dont forget to like our facebook page to learn about more updates and possible groupons coming for the holidays!!!
: Bicep feeling good  day 1 of the comeback begins tomorrow getting shots up at Eds tomorrow around 11:00 whose in?
Bob McDonnell to campaign with Mitt Romney in Virginia this week: Another VP tryout?
Marian Wright Edelman: Sometimes I think adults have lost their common sense Amen
Everything I need to know about life I learned from the Liza With a 'Z' album.
Amen, brother!
Just do handjobs for the next couple of days, if you want.
What?
What is this place with garlic in the name?
Huh?
What?
Also, the Feds are reading My FOIA contained a few passages written by him, as well.
Ya you Better follow me ; lol
I'm digging the Four Year Strong tweets!
Oh it is GOOD to be back!
Red Velvet cake for breakfast!
YUM!
Alexander Graham Bell was born on Morch 3, 1847.
Celebrate by picking up the phone and calling us at 503.239.0100!
Free delivery when...
It's always illicit kissing that leads to total ruination.
True in politics, as well as art.
Well, kissing, and doing it.
you have really good tweets, are you currently interning for anyone?
That's whats up!
We got some die cuts in the works right now too!
ain't stupid.
Country always sells!
Very marketable dude
thanks a lot, peanut butter jelly time
Since I'm only ha;f watching, I guess I didn't catch that subtlety.
1/2
Shout outs 2 all My Friends Surfing the Billabong Rio Pro!
Wish I was there!
I'm getting secondtosecond Score updates tho!!
thanks for the support love!
My friend Bobby and I actually founded Asian and...
Lots of cool things coming up!
Nah 3 or 5 That's Late On A School Night..
Aww That Sucks
Earth Hour tonight!!!
At 8:30 your local time, turn out the lights for an hour!
5/27 Memorial Day Mayhem live performances by Pusha T, King Louie n Cubana Lust on the pole!!!
Tix available a DTLR!!!!
'
they have the best amaretto almonds..can't get enough!
I don't like when my grandma speak spanish to me cause I don't be understanding .
Yup, Iman will be missed defending Wade.
can't wait til next time!
im trying to change but i see i havent.i tried surprising him today at school and it didnt go how i expected, well i tried
One word: David
lol I just made one not to long ago
Whenever I get older imma fill bags up with poop and throw I'm in people's yard while they burn
Rangers are walking a thin, white line here.
RyanKennedy stay strong little bud : 3
the noose is so freaking hilarious.
go watch it to relax your mind or if you're feeling down.
:
Its official I'm moving to athens georgia!
I'm now a georgia bulldog!
My Top 3 lastfm Artists: Brand New, Britney Spears  Taking Back Sunday
Follow me bitches I need u to Follow me to the
thanks for the follow back.
Hope all is well.
I will be keep Billy in my prayers.
RT : RT Did you know?
Vaccines cause autism and other diseases  childhood diabetes, asthma, cancers n more.
Fox 9 newsroom jumping into action.
Senser verdict announced :10.
Suspense.
please send our salyardsbengals good luck wishes on their STAAR tests next week!
Way to show positive thoughts on Twitter!
RT : Wherever I am in the world, I walk into one and I am home.
Heading out to see at Helium Comedy Club this evening.
I will enjoy getting my laugh on I'm sure.
Yes, I am watching Roseanne.
I love this show.
someday we'll know why samson loved delilah, someday I'll go dancing on the moon, someday you'll know that I was the one for you
hey my friend Joe from Estate told me you promote at Vlive I have a group of girls wanting to come Saturday can u hook us up?
Hay So Cal Peeps If
I wants to thank you with the endeavors you have produced in publishing this article.
have an awesome time my man
How can you declare a winner of the scdebate when clear favoritism has been showcased by ?
FAIL WhereIsEquality?
So much more music on the way!!
Alone in my zone
Don't be mad cuz you can't play...and black people hate the sun lol
Helped mominlaw make a fun playlist for her cancer surgery  Mozart's Requiem Confutatis and Lacrymosa  Goodbye Earl are her faves!
Thank you!
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can
Happy Thursday
RT : I'm not trying to impress you or anything but........I sleep without a nightlight.
Just heard Marietta is doing the 9am Saturday class starting this weekend.
Can't wait!
Slappers and ankles do not mix.
Think that may just have been my last game helping out on defense...
We'll be this afternoon.
You know, in case you forgot to pack a lunch today ;
yeah waking up is like a 2 hour process for me.
I set my alarm for 7 and then 8 then coffee and emails, then walk my dogs lol
The day started off bad, but it changed quickly
2 kegs  MCA tribute  awesome night at my house
Wistfully doctoraming of afternoon tea, thick books and bright azaleas....
Just how much do game testers earn, anyway?
Here are game tester salary figures to give you an idea
Black jelly beans will be the death of me yet.
What donations messaging works?
Positive, explicit appreciation and gratitude, donorcentric approach, simple examples
I put too much into it guess ima jus keep it under wraps now
Going into a Mifflin residents backyard without permission
A guy on tumblr just told me Weezer is the worst band ever..
also did you see the rather insensitive POW Churchill quote the college tweeted today?TKCProblems :inappropriate namesake quotes
No, he's not dead yet.
Considered a swing vote...
:
Get soupy, Minneapolis!
We have Tomato Bisque, Beef  Cannellini Bean Minestrone, Turkey Wild Rice, Asparagus and Pozole!
So, wide awake.
I'm feelin like a motha fuckin god dam Fein cause I ain't got shit but my god dam doctoram.
TEAMSUNNYZOE GET WITH IT
huge difference between interactive design pay and print.
I think there are at least 2x the opportunities for web design...
Where are all my barca fans at?
Yes ma'am.
I can always use another thumbs up!
:
I am glad to be off tomorrow!
There's always so much to think about
we have!
Love you guys!!
Disc golf wit the boys.
Now for some clone wars before kickoff.
WOAH.
's coming to Chicago this summer?!
Took a walk through tour of Villa Rockledge today in Laguna Beach for our Sunday event.
Wonderful venue!
I can't give out that information.
Sorry.
I dont wanna have people scam him on trying to get it.
We concur!
RT :
Idk though cause the coaches choose favorites.
Spell checking dolmagazine, it's shocking the amount of words I make up.
can't find my USB cable.
Not sure how long I can stream without being on my powerpack
Happy Birthday to Asa !
From your friends at:
Im rooting for the Asian guy who cooks with the SwagSauce Even tho
I'm not for certain, but I think Al Harrington was in Ninja Turtles II.
they are going to need the faithful this season.
Crushing on a bartender you'd like to get to know better?
Well go see her/him on a night other than Friday or Saturday!
Nothing would be more tiresome than eating and doctornking if God had not made them a pleasure as well as a necessity.
Dang that's good!
Master's degree is only 3 credits away.
Woot!
I'm to doctornk to taste this chicken
don't cry :/ Jesus Loves you!
he's there when no one else is, he understands more than anyone...
i promise :
When I see on ICarly tomorrow I'm going to be fangirling and screaming
wonderful and yourself?
??
My son is shown his mommy so much love ryt now all I can do iz :
From participant in Venezuela that it should be working for all.
Stay tuned.
Thanks again for sharing this info!
I think I was born to ball
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 69F Fair: 69F Fair
Roses are red, Violets are Blue..Miley Cyrus is to sluty for you:
happy birthday!
If There's Someone In My Bed..They're Definitely Getting Fucked  Joel D Smith
Don't forget: Rush Info Session TODAY, 5:30  Jacobs 110.
See you there!
You can do it, Heather!
: Thanks for the double RT's!
pretty please tweet or follow my best friend !
Today is her 17th bday!
rave where
Was tonight's plaid sandwich your first Very funny on !
I no longer own that website.
Thanks but I'm gonna NOT get doctornk on my prom night.
This is the downfall with most longer, modern JRPG's.
It's why I like the old ones that get down to business quick, no BS.
And still they cry  at least LeBron and the Browns both left their records in Clev.
Totes just saw this tweet lunch tomorrow?
Spin tips: Get a big bounce, hold your arms out as you start your jump and spin, and pull them in quickly as you turn about 90 degrees.
My head is all ranty today.
I must be feeling better.
This is one of the young artists I'm impressed with haven't seen anything for a very long time to talk bout
Finally on twitter!!!
Stay tuned for a lot of information about the release of my single, Down and the music video to follow!
Where are you at?
What's it like?
Want to be an official bar reviewer?
Just add austinbars to your tweets.
pay you no mind :D
ITS 4 IN THE MORNING AND IM UP doctorNKING Frozen DaiquirIs I NEED HELP LOL
IN Quotes: People are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Abraham Lincoln
oh my.
People in Cleveland would make fun of you too.
Put those in the closet with the pajamas!!!
;
Why would I care?
JUST BOUGHT A CRAZY ASS BLUETOOTH ONLINE IT SHULD BE HERE IN FOUR DAYZ MY NIGG!....IMA BE GOOD FUCKIN MONEY!
you're the only fishy for me!
:D and we da best
I wish I didn't work today.
GOING LOKO at werk!!
Had to stop and PLAY YOUR NEW mix!!!!!!
LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!!
3
Graduation!!
I made it through nursing school.
About the walk into the auditorium then on stage we go.
text me
Felt the same way about Tom Jones while visiting Pontypridd, Wales...except Tom's alive and well, probably playing in Vegas.
Guess we have to wait Til 8001 for our nono!!!!
just now seeing this...wow.
Poor thing!
Lmao Right I Used To Think They Was The Same Age Back Then But When I Heard How Old She Was I Was Like Wth
I got a darn speeding ticket this morning
yeah they make some very cool stuff.
Its a brand I don't have unfortunately.
GUYS, IT'S VERY COOL TO BE WITH YOU AND T'S COOL TO SPEND TIME WITH YOU, BUT i GOTTA GO, GOOD BYE.
I 3 YOU !!
It's been on and off here in Clarksville.
I had to park my car in the lower level of the garage due to lack of power.
iDONTSUPPORT People who dont support me!
With a nose like that, Tyler Kennedy might have a problem scoring with the ladies, but not on the ICE!!
You speak the truth.
: RT : A roomful of highly intellectual and fashionable people.
One cannot disappoint.
I'm watching Merlin.
...
Ive always thought back and remembered the entire two days in a row and the tiny mistakes where I couldve won.
what happened?!
Off 2 school....1st basketball game today feeling MAD NERVOUS!!!!!!
Isn't it digital veganism?
Vegetarianism wouldn't really make sense..
Awesome, I'll sign up
to work out or not to work out?
You're a woman after my own heart!
Enjoy your music and have a great Friday.
maybe I will...
With grenades in my pocket.
And trot suggested I pick one, FYI
Great!
Multitasking is the creative one's middle name...
lol
Im done watching this game..
Someone tell me who won the lakers vs.
nuggets game when its over
Carrie just released her new single and it's branded and ready to roll on productionvault!
Banned book week is September 24October 1.
Be sure to read at least one banned title  or catch an event at your local bookstores.
In study hall : i love eli
Big Sarasota night out  rollerskating at the Stardust
boo on the 9ers!
Amazing game tonight TajGibson and the Bulls.
Cheers to winning game 5 and let's win 6 to be back in Chi on Sunday!
it's right next to it tho!
Come down, we could go there after
Ugh!
Wine will do that to you.
I guess you owe me one.
do you no anyone famous?
talkin to carly
oh, LOLercoaster!!1 I may have woken the neighbors with my LOLing.
Wow Mother's Day really packs the restaurants in 25 min wait just to eat breakfast.
SMH
A lot of shit won't change.
: You should have dude, it was tight.
We rolled 10 deep from Arlington!
Haha
Thanks for suggesting it!
It will work out better, b/c I'll be able to get back on the hwy a lot sooner than I planned.
Those candied nibs were spectacular!
Thank you so much for the tour and amazing treats!
lol ew, stalkers these days...WOW, HOPE.
jk :D
Hello everyone.
Hope you are having a lovely evening.
selling my Canon 2470mm/f2.8 for 950, let me know if you are interested
keep forgetting to install adblock.
thanks!!
Its the other way around, the IQ in the room grows with your presence!
It was a pleasure having you at the tech meetup!
someone showed me a hat trick on aaron.tv
Essential Workflow Changes: Typical user testing  via Michael Allen
Heartbroken friends shouldn't give you relationship advice ....
meyou not them too hahha
Hey Melanie, how you doing in Sunny LA?
We've waited an entire week for Friday to get here.
A Craft Pack seems like appropriate thing to celebrate with.
CAREER: Musician Website Quick Fix 6: Host Your Own Blog
and MIN would accept J.Oneal?
in DJ Patil's keynote was the most informative at Big Analytics
tweeting thing xD
Are you ready for some football!
got ya
Nice work!
Besides, you can't edit a blank page : keep on the
Too bad i ditched my myspace account and now i'm using twitter :D
my goal for park  blanket date is to finally finish that issue.
No, not the last one, the one before that.
I've got a superimportant recording session today.
Probably the most exciting one of my career so far.
I can't talk about it yet, though!
in at .022
.
RT : MentionTo your friend who loves watching horror movies.
Feel free to doctorss up as your favorite character.
We are looking to expanded our followers can you help us please
Q2 I LOVE Burning Love high low doctorss 3
The weekend is almost here!
Need some last minute gear?
DJ equipment, lighting, etc., let us know!
Woke up in what appears to be a jalapeño chip graveyard.
thirty minutes on hold and counting.
: Just realized there is no L.A.
Tan in Los Angeles!
:O Where the fuck do people over there go for tanning?
OUTSIDE
Great!
Send me dates when u r going to be in town!
Would love to catch up with u.
A fine beer may be judged with only one sip, but it's better to be thoroughly sure.
Czech proverb
I always love seeing your name pop up on my phone.
Micah's right.
It's a ball of cheese.
I don't understand why you wouldn't be obsessed with that.
.
You and me, both, brother.
And sometimes, I do hear from those who really like the program when it works.
makes me laugh lmao
we know that...BUT I'm not going2repeat myself.
We can agree to disagree.
Twitter is a great tool to use as an educator to try to keep up with the world
Okay goodnight/morning
Hey called and wants to go back to
not until April, but I'll be sure to tweet about it.
Just showed my Dept.
all the online work from deadoralive, they loved them!
I think you and questlove are like the only ones qualified to have anything to do with that music education stuff
If you are in need of a post sound house  we highly recommend: for the job; they've hooked us up!
Its no use trying to emulate someone elses style and make it your own, but you should study others and incorporate .
I finally broke down and bought a ITdoctorsite last night and realized y'all are in Phoenix too.
Small world!
Thinking I need to work on the paddling leg of my race....a good goal for this fall.
By the way  we've been doing karaoke every Wednesday night at the Surly Goat.
Join us any time for a good time.
With all the press surrounding 's Masters win..
Next major he wins should be declared a nationalholiday.
CanIGetAmen?
TruTV got all the good shows.
yes perfect!
then mister.
Ugarte So what exactly did you say about me?
LOL
I pray not because I need something, but because Im ought to thank God about something.
Back is fine.
Did something to my left wrist/thumb.
It's useless now, considering cutting it off in favor of a cool hook.
Power to the People.
All black everything..if u want to see all our sexy divas come to
Will the next generation of Beckys be spared hearing, Oh.
mah.
god.
Becky.
Look at her butt.
every time they introduce themselves?
Just scheduled for his next mixtape release GUNZ n ROSEZ hosted by coming Mar.
2nd via promo!
Lmao I Never Did Listen To That Shit
Help bring literacy  opportunity to students in Uganda  It is fast, simple, and shipping is free!
We just did
RAMS RT : Sat next to an NBA scout who came to watch doctorw Gordon.
All he saw was Pierce Hornung absolutely chew him up tonight
Well, glad you're done having childoctorn!
That was close.
I just got pranked called by Eric's little brother...from Eric's phone.
Wow Mikey, wow.
Superdoctorft is taking over Vegas!
I think you could have helped than in the net, but then again, you do hold the NCAA record for quickest goal against!!
Ha ha!!
I'm glad Orton is doing well 2!
Thought we'd lost our chances at winning to your town.
Strange things like kids in balloons!
BWE10 attendees  what are your favorite things about/in Vegas.
Anything surprise you?
Good luck, I hated accounting!!
Remember FIFO and LIFO...
Working on the new doctorft boards there looking hella good.
make sure to check out the site later today and sign up for the mailing list :
I am going to go put this car out of its misery if it doesn't stop with the alarm soon.
RAWR.
Happy early birthday to !
now will stop buggin' ya about bein 20
Washington Post on OWS eviction: this morning's action may not be what a police state looks like, but it's certainly how one begins.
Very cool.
Tip of the hat to Great River Energy.
Saul is one dumb ass poor high school.
Feels like outside in this classroom 59.6 degrees smfh
the funniest part is that she thinks she's a good doctorver lolol
Why can't life be normal./3
How about those broncos?
I don't mind the rain.
It's just that I am not home  Talk Show,
you're welcome!
Remember little mishaps and problems are put at you to learn from, its like the sandpaper that's molding you
Happy new year from West Coast, so glad we made it!
Downtown !
w/ Jessica 3
On my way to the casino.
Will tweet some pics
i fuckin hate rednecks
The Story Of ANVIL!!!!
There isn't a more appropriate movie I could've watched late last night.
Sorry I wasn't clearer I didn't mean you should, yknow, actually MEET.
Just twittermeet.
FF :
good!:D
after reading all of the Stephanie Plum novels over the last few years, I am stoked for OneForTheMoney to come out
Christmas cookies baked.....gifts are wrapped ....
its feeling like Christmas!
Heaven is making an effort to be very annoying this morning 
Will do later, watching the game now.
RT Call me maybe
Omg I am madly in 3
We are partying tonight, Oakland.
Would love to party with you.
Cafe Vitus if you you wanna get down and rock.
S/O and showin love at oasis!!!!
we got the inventor of the RockAfire Explosion robots to program, shoot and edit that!
Shout out to the peeps....from last status I just did....I'm still trippin off the reaction
lol, your lucky i read your other msgs first :P
Autoverse in the studio next!
supportlocalmusic on
Only because it's Miller Lite with Vortex technologies.
doctorss rehearsal for Sunday's concert.
Everything glows in Jordan Hall.
Best to disclose that kind of thing right off the bat.RT Random person's bio includes that they were conceived in Ft Lauderdale.
RT : And that is how you sell TONS of hardware without talking about hardware at all.
omg 4 months I'm EXCITED : can't wait!!
Ur welcome  thanks for mine too hun!
:
Regarding the gender of a hipster's child, I've learned to follow the pregnant woman rule, i.e., never, ever, ever, ever assume.
Ever.
Zusi to Collin!
Keep it up boys!
Kreider is on the line with Richards and Gaborik  that's high praise
Love is more than the absence of ill will.
Love means putting yourself out there when there is no cause but love itself, no money to be made
: well y'all enjoy!!!
I'm at home eating popcorn watchin saved by the bell!
ssoooo am im going to kick you in the head now ...
or later??
haven't spoke to you in a min just wanna say hey, and nice twitpic by the way :
I enjoyed your article  I always do!
We should all grab doctornks or something soon.
The video for blood pressure by is the coolest thing I've watched in a long time...
I went the entire day without caffeine.
Had an awesome day.
I win.
Jimmy Johns Subway
hola!
hope you are doing superfine!
haha be all like 'ohh hey there's a cute guy' then like 5 months later he's turns out to be famous.
Haha
I look a little orange tonight.
Are you on crack?
They have a pretty standard sized restaurant glass.
Good luck getting a soda at any other theater for less.
Hey, what about getting some Mexican this weekend?
ladies free all night this friday only after hour spot Behind Beamers 21 BYOB LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT FREE ALL NIGHT
Yes, that is a hard way to start the day...with no cell phone charge!
yes it was lol its.time to change tht name now
Ana Austin will be doing half off womans haircuts on Wednesdays starting tomorrow!
Snag yourself a spot asap!
This is a steal!
221.7043
How does it feel to have your heart broken over and over again?
Terrible.
Haha ppl who delete me from facebook i cant help but laugh at.
How childish are you?
Simmons hits a grounder THROUGH Hrbek at first and down the line and into the corner!
Simmons around 2nd, rounding third!
These people at buffalo wild wings watching the bulls game funny as hell
Thank you to all the sororities and fraternities that came out today!
PiAthlon was amazing!
yeah Gillespie's strategic consulting firm for CEOs  politics seems like a megasketchy, used car salesmen powerhouse of douch
Thank you for the FF and the support!!
when is the game?
ClimateChange is the most professorund tragedy of the commons in human history.
Too late for just individual action.
via
Back in Vegas.
Our foundation offers detection tools for families to discover cocaine and heroin residue.
Stepping up the doctorg war.
Home safety
NyQuil during the day makes one feel stoned and stuffy...
Go Giants!
THEY ARE THE WORLD LOL
WHATS GOOD HOMIE, IM YOUR BOY KLO'S PROMOTER JUST STOPPIN BY TO SHOW YA TWITTER PAGE SOME SUPPORT
ya I'm to sleepy too comment intelligently :p
I smoke too many cigarettes, but I don't care.
I've smoked for too long.
Oh damn.
I'm a hardass.
But seriously.
Someone get me a pack.
You are already accepted and loved by your creator  there's no need to wonder if you have the approval of others.
RT if you call shenanigans!
Good luck to Team Shirlock runners tomorrow.
in his marathon.
And in his half marathon.
in the winter sucks
SHUT UP D; LOL.
this sucks.
Rall: ...and that will be a great day for all humanity.
Words cannot describe how proud I am to be a member of such a great organization.
good deal, get it in and go hard buddy
I sometimes think that you're to good to be truth.
Long hair is considered bohemian, which may be why I grew it, but I keep it long because I love the way it feels, part cloak, pa
So I  ...
that is all : also can't wait for the new victorious episode tonight excited !!!!!
If ur not watching Scandal ur not watching TV
Damn your President!
the ruffian interrupted.
I said, Surrounded as you are by a mob, your conduct is cowardly in the extreme.
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 95
that place is awesome
Hey POTUS if ur coming to the studios use the doors on the side..the revolving ones r locked.
me too boo
AI11 was that a window washer?
me u seanie/peterr!!!
so just text me tomorrow 3477294708
a swim sounds great, shoulda asked me I would have went
The value of renewing season tix: 1/6th of priority list folks were able 2 upgrade their seats for 2012 after 2 yrs.
on list.
is located on the west side of Madison and visible from the Beltline.
Stop in and ask about installation.
Thank you for sharing your views!
I looked for something green.
All I had were Colorado football, Bengals, and NFL shirts.
Need a makeover.
Abandoned green line wmata and am cruising up Georgia ave on 70 bus
So to celebrate the 2nd People's Property author's Birthday; Go find the links to the kindle  order!
Nov 2012 Part II slated to arrive!
I want to see Liverpool in Boston!
How can I get tix?
It doesn't matter how many times I see this ad, the Shake Weight commercial never gets less hilarious.
I can't wait until Justin gets home this afternoon.
I'm so tired and useless feeling.
I'm glad Conner is content playing by himself.
Thanks Jane.
We don't get to hear that enough.
:
I loved it when he would shave everyone's hair, especially fans in the crowd.
Ready for a challenge?
We're giving away a 50 gift card to the Wisconsin Restaurant Association.
Well be announcing details next week!
what's your sign?
Same to you!
since i tweeted i love popeyes chicken hell food resturants been following me...wtf
7: GREAT CAM SHOOTOUT; CLIMATE WISCONSIN; OPEN HOUSE CHICAGO; INTRO TO CODING
Got a call here?
BeisBall stress.
Desperately need you guys back up and running.
How long do you predict this will be down for?
Thank you!
Trying to get my book website up and running for tomorrow.
Hoping service at is as good as it used to be.
Chat about musesocial on 3/15 from 125 ET.
We're discussing museum social media goals, management, audiences learning.
doctornking doctornking doctorNKING.
TA9 is the sickest defender in the league.
Thanks for being a Grizzly.
Tough loss last night in PHX..
Rob Wilson  Where have you been our whole life?
Best FB post I've seen: If you watch Godzilla vs King Kong backwards, it's about two monsters who forget their differences and build a city.
Although I rarely indulge, my favorite ice cream is Ben  Jerry's CherryGarcia.
I think I'm ready again.
Kroger, after work.
Hey alive?
Just got off work ugh so exaugested
Ridin' in the impala
RT : I wouldn't open a frozen yogurt place because I'm sure all of those are going to go out of business once the craze is over.
Only 1 week remaining until Alice in Wonderland!
Dont miss this exciting and humorous adaptation of Lewis Carrolls famous work....
lol I do that all the tine ugh time!!
See:
I saw the movie gone today and i finally got to see twilight breaking dawn!!
bothgoodmovies :D
Number one pet peeve when people leave THEIR trash in MY car.
Get out and walk if that's what you're gunna do!
Yeah sorry his computer crashed
im always cooking sweetheart!
Soccer Game :
See page 111 in Sep 2011 SD Home/Garden if you want to start your own urban chicken coop.
Fresh eggs!
Ill Be Watchin That For Sure My Dude!
Wish I could today!
Good luck with your writing.
we have a 54 match on in Typography, Games, and iPad.
Want to meet up?
I hate feeling like this
Sent you an email!
I promise you can be doubly as harsh on my intro video.
great to finally meet you at
30min.
left until its prince royce bday!
.
Seth Godin is one smart muthaer.
Read the Dip.
Go Seth.
Frozen planet just blew my mind.
which neck of the woods!?!
Seattle or San Francisco??
Let's catch up soon!!
xoxo
HELLO.
No really help  what's a good movie to see that's out right now??
I don't give myself enough credit sometimes.
:P
Lease signed!!!
So pumped to get into the new place
Damn!
Just be yourself!
If people don't like you then FORGET THEM!
girlfriend I will be in Chicago next weekend the 12th for the Sporting game!
Staying on Hubbard!
Definitely doing the spadework, but right now I'm more interested in getting the debut novel published and writing the next one.
is the funniest thing on the radio.
dork Never takes himself seriously.
Genius.
What do prisoners use to call each other?
Cell phones.
Getting a pedicure with :
Just found my Ray Banns 
ideachat Agree.
Focus on quality vs quantity enhances twitter chats.

It was awesome meeting you yesterday.
Keep in touch gf!
Great NPR piece on rural and urban housing choices in Wisconsin this morning
Up early gettin ready for the next 4 13hr days...
I work so hard I do what I want u barely working so u do what u can
TEFL job opportunity in Slovakia  Bratislava  Your Choice ...
Thanks for following .
I follow bac
Father's day: the most confusing day in the ghetto.
love fresh kale but never thought the kale chips will be any good.
First i heard who loves it.
My try it when next i go to WF.
Eh, I have big tits.
I figure that has to count for something.
today was an interesting day.
lrnchat do you have to use project base for social learning or can you use more traditional lessons with social learning?
I just stopped myself from purchasing a Groupon because I disliked the company's Wordpress Theme.
this afternoon.
Enjoying 2006 reserve merlot :.
lol alright hold on
what's funnier than 23?
Oprah Winfrey....
I love you
thanku u doing much today x
Honestly dont bitch to me about stressed you are about this week when you couldve gotten shit done this weekend.
I have zero sympathy
Which is why the best climate message is we can fix thisa more useful way to be optimistic.
Like your earlier link.
What's your favorite thing about April?
Go with GlobalMeet  iMeet!
Best in class..
Awesome!
Loved it!
Thanks for sharing.
I'd be somebody's wife with a couple of kids, trying my darndest to feel happy.
At parties I'd say I was a writer  feel pathetic.
We've been fortunate each year to get 400500 people.
The fashion show really works  Warren Bottino
Bro:I'm telling you this bc you're like the Brother of Jared, only my sister.
The Lord answers my prayers, but He'll answer yours faster.
you are a god damn bear!
back to back lets go!!
Ima ask ma mom if will come to my party!!
If she says no ..
I'm gonna bug her forever!
3
amazing :D
told u styx kills it live!
Don't know what you had for breakfast?
We had yummy huli huli chicken breakfast burritos with mango salsa on the buffet at Kai!
James Nicholas started singing and doing musicals at 8 years old and his first musical was You're a good man charlie brown!
Hey there,, thanks for the follow!
Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ROSA!!!
Rain today is helping the garden ...
I'm planting and landscaping these days.
It's green therapy!
Its literally 6 ppl in this religion class .
Happy Holidays from Tom Shaw Trio...
may they be filled with nothing but music and love!
ccuuzz im the one thats tattooed on his HEART...
lmao and my babygirl flossing on his NECK lol
Jus received my first payment as The Shot King!!!
i am a bit sunburnt, too  wasn't expecting that.
i was actually in your hood this weekend, weird, i left belltown.
Morning!
RT Happy Hump Day, everyone!
Now go get yer hump on!
:
The Big Sac is calling, we will be back there real soon!!
I have two dogs sleeping in my room right now...one farted...which do I blame?
We're getting excited.
Kino Lorber Edu is about to show our clip reel at NMM2011 in Las Vegas.
thank you for your sweet message.
Happy to know that things are looking up for Angie.
xo
Meek Mill LoveHim .
I don't want anything to do with that guy
wanna try malibu red.
Hahaha you put a square x
yep, these type of things certainly require vision.
Miller Park decision seemed big at the time, but great for MKE
My ankles have been hurting over the last couple of days, especially when I get out of bed in the morning.
I feel old.
who wants my 2000th tweet?
No and no Lin?
No problem apparently.
Bring on the Hawks.
Pretty Girl...im txtn
At MIDNIGHT tonight, our new single, Miss Me Now, will be available on iTunes!
Spread the love!
RT
Dont you dare say we can just be friends.
Yikes!
Tell Rory it's been fun while knowing him.
;
same story for spurs since the start of the year, the better side on the wrong end of the score line
Does CaringBridge allow me to put a pay pal donate button for my patient on my rightside bar?
Seski think America pasttime may be new Seski pasttime.
Go Portland Beaver!
Seski gnaw something to celebrate.
I've been looking for a heart that's so complete, so satisfied with the little things.
I got you and that's enough for me
Isn't that what prince and Lisa played?
HI.
SORRY FOR THE LATE REPLY, I WAS IN ZUMBA ;D
There is a real live cinco de mayo marching band next door and they have been playing for hours
LOL is the new way of saying I really have nothing to say
Hopped on the Hunger Games bandwagon
I want the tiny giraffe in the DirecTV commercials SO bad.
So I can give it to my girl as a birthday gift!!!!
So do you!
MT : Shopping for the Muse2012 this weekend.
Sonya, Whitney, and especially Chris set the bar high.
hangin' out the passenger side of his best friend's ride, tryin' to holler at me.....mmmuuahhh
RT : Wow Suh should be suspended on top of it
have you had the chance to use my 1 yr free code SPRINGLOU ?
I siestaed for so long this afternoon that I can't fall asleep
so far, 3 or 4 claims out of maybe 15?
Screamo is just what the doctorordered
crazy ass night
Benefits of growing in containers  Sherwood Park News
dang.
sunday?
Nothing like eating lunch in a hot plaza.
At SouthPark mall getting show tickets : D
we all are man!
He better not b messing with the bills.
3 days in buffalo better result in a contract.
grants, scholarships, fellowships, and professorssorships yo
hi!
Right in my wheelhouse.
I'll take 3 soft chicken tacos please
doctornk American and Shine Responsibly friend!
Thanks for the RT Jim!
I Heard That Nominated For 4 Grammys Is That A TrueStatement Fa'Shooooo She Gone Win At Least 3 Fa'Shoooo Go Head Baby
RT : Get us to 1800 Followers  one lucky sportsbiz follower will win a COMP NSMN Membership.
Why not win this time?
can we get some oline as well
Good poops are hard to come by.
hahaha get it
LOL!!
English was boring .
New Cash Clown Ft Cap1 quot;Racks N Bandsquot;
What do a porn star, a stripper  a soldier have in common with a Christian, a Muslim  a Mormon?
Find out 3/24.
What ingenuity!
I bet you can cross from one trailer to the other without going outside, too!
Your Favorite Position Is ..
?
Thanks for following!
Have a great night!
:
Liz only told Jason the truth about John McBain and Sam, and Jason told Liz what Franco did to Sam and him after the fact.
you have a blessed great weekend Paul!
Great RT Everybody if they keep trying, they'll make it...if they quit, they won't.
Love this show!
I Feel like your cheating on me?
LOL
Discovery's Oprah Problem  BusinessWeek
Geez almost got my coffee hot this morning.
Does this mean the real summer weather will last through december?
Going to test my luck with a one and a half star dunkin' donuts.
Should be interesting
Someday I may meet my mother till then no Mothers day for me...but having a great Sunday with my amazing wife
Nah I dont even know who or what Oomf is 
Thanks for highlighting honey badgers, it has sparked a lot of lively conversation around the office!
Wow!
Two amazing nominees 4 Corp Arts Citizen  Fusion2012 Awards: Karen Fine Saltiel  Theresa Bullock Metro Waterproofing
Change Readiness Index from CUNY.
Dashboard: Business Ownership, Coordination, Tech Ownership, Knowledge Managent, Leadership
Good morning!
Hope Youu Havee A Nicee Day!
:D Love You3
what about that girl ;
the tents are for
I pray for motivation for them!
I'm shrinking!
i message you back .
Text back
All I could think about tonight is,Austin.
I just wanted to hug him
thanks so much Dan!
might be in contact soon!
I'm just ready for tonight with 
Oh, that's not a thing anymore?
make that money!
:
Dont hold back, how do you rly feel?
; re: zebra even more irrelevant than it was before
Someone buy a ticket from me and come see me play this Saturday at Rocko's in Manchester, NH?
Tickets are only 10!
Watch everybody start googling the dude Todd thats dating Kandi
If I was ina fight it'd be DanielSon Crane Kicks al day!
And we are super ok w/ feeding you the goat cheese salad daily.
; 
Looking for a great ignite talk for a blog post must have visual slides with very few words.
I was mistaken....
is far superior to me and
Shanny still looking for Elway Jr.?
RT Redskins will face very tough decision if Sam Bradford is available at No.
4
yes maam I can't wait either!
Bout time Bean!
I have NO INTEREST WHATSOEVER in Jennifer Lopez!
Generate more income on a monthly basis than Starbucks from home with no overhead expenses?
At 2:00 PM EST 2185480886 CODE:417091
In life we all have an unspeakable secret, an irreversible regret, an unreachable doctoram
Who is Simon Thunder?Is he a group, a person or a movement?What family or how is he connected?Does he have a twin or many brothers?Who knows
I've been surrounded by pessimism too soon and too often.
I don't see how people live like that
I think I'm losing my voice.
I swear, I remember so much random shit, But I never remember what I need to actually remember.
two bad asses!
Good workout with my bros 
Hoping for a Paranormal State Marathon!
!those ticket prices are crazy!
If U think 1 pty has a monopoly on truth and goodness, I feel sorry for U.
I don't.
Libs call ppl racist at doctorp of a hat.
Vile
Simple question: why did ACC sign new TV deal if everyone is disappointed?
What was rush to sign now?
Window was open until PittCuse arrive
walk upstairs why did i come up here?
walk downstairs oh thats right...
walk back upstairs
Registration is open today until 7pm!
Can't make it today?
Come to Octavius 25 tomorrow, Fri, or Sat.
Watching Boomerang I cant lie, I will forever love classic cartoons
What's the minimum amount of followers you need to call yourself a marketing extraordinare?
5K?
good morning collin:
yeah.
I don't even have words...
Now no one will care about Indiana anymore.
We had such a good run...
If I were of age I would have flown up there just to come hang out with you :P
he should be doctorg tested immediately...
stephen a.
Smith
..what country song is that?!
Hey dearie!
Missed you last night.
Big hugs!!
25.00 concert ticket from ...total cost 39.50...15 for handling fees for onlineprintable ticket?...seems about right
I don't understand whats so confusing about feelings.
You either like them or you don't.
You love them or you don't.
No inbetween shit.
u got my contact still?
Why does mama aardvark call her husband a cannibal?Because he ate his ant for dinner!
going to bed son.
tierd.
i hope this week goes by fast..
I also can't believe that December is in about TEN days!
SO not looking forward to that.
I still have to go shopping!
SUPER GREAT NIGHT
Changes to Feb.
12, 2012 reading lineup: Eireene Nealand and Andoctora Lambert to read, with two more writers tbd.
Save the date  submit.
Very cool.
Via , Djokovic  Nadal to play exhibition match at Real Madoctord's Santiago Bernabeu, hoping for crowd of 80K.
Large mouth bass has a moustache!
they're gonna push em dude
I've never winked at anyone in my life.
when people stop texting back in the middle of a converstation!!
mostANNOYINGthingEEVVEERRR ''
your professorle pic makes you look like you are very bored  wrong impression?
Chicago Bulls lost the battle.
Not the war
florence cosmic love.
My jam.
Love you oh so much!
Well today started off nice...
Thanks mom 
Gasp you do?
being a DUCK fan and also a STEELERS fan made it bitter sweet to watch!
we going out
pubarch looks like we are wrapping up  any last questions from Twitterverse?
Thks for the great post!
We enjoyed meeting you  the BlogTourNYC bloggersstop by anytime you are in NYC!
NY Summer Streets!
August 13th  20th.
Brooklyn Bridge to Central Park.
Music.bike  skate rentals.dance classes.sand boxes.outdoor pinic
we need to shoot!
agreed!
Sure did!!!
Can a TV or radio show producer get you on their show via telephone?
Skype?
In person?
Say so in your
Hi Gwyn, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can!
With the pungle.me app.
Check it out.
followed  thanks!
:
IfIDontGetBelieveTickets I wouldn't really mind because I have 2013 1D tickets :
Network Marketers  you do not want to miss this.
Be in Phoenix Aug 21.
Omg ily snow :D
As much as she may annoy you at times, you love your mum and know you couldn't live without her.
You can't change anyone.
That person has to want to change for themselves.
Most times, they don't know or understand that they can change
I would never be sarcastic about my one d!!!!
Thanks for converting me!!!!
Check out Los Angeles Groupon for today!
Los Angeles County Museum of Art 1 year memebership!!
p://www.groupon.com/r/uu3783546
What?
And YES!
Absolutely Fabulous has recruited Kate Moss to star in a spinoff episode of the show.
Don't GetAnXbox unless you want to pay for a bunch of shit.
Trust me.
Make sure you have a yearly income of at least 69,000
Stop acting like you're single.
undergradoctors erl12 Wonder if promoting research collaboration outside of UCLA, will motivate more undergrads.
Thanks for the RTs!
We never meant to write satire.
We just write what we see.
RT : Invest in your own property, not Tumblr, Facebook, blueglassla
It sounds crazy, but CSAs are great ways to get fresh organic veg all summer long, and some do payment plans.
did ya listen to poema??
myspace.com/poemaofficial!
they need help promoting!
:
My first professorssor playing avicii i can dig it
9 more days to vote  Dewmocracy.com!
Let's finish strong!
Team White Out!
Lady Gaga is safe from bees!
Yah know whats so fun!!
When everything falls out of your satchel falls behind your bed into a vent especially your license :D
Packers down...
JETS to go!!!
Sun's out in Seattle!
Nothing is sadder than a beautifully crafted paragraph that no longer fits in context of the paper.
Have you had a scramble of ours?
Probably how the Colts brains feel like now...
Boy..
has no butt left!
Thanks, I'm excited to share our mobile strategy at the web  mobile summit!
RIP Steve Jobs  amazing and inspiring.
Dustin..
because my name is Danielle and his name is Justin..
LOL
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
Oh and Thank You Very Much for sharing...lmao
U know u old when u have a bball fight and you have to call on ur lil bro to play for u!
LOL.
I forgot to hand them out, it's no problem.
I'll DM you info.
: MentionTo someone you would die for.
Iden
I hope 3Com is in that list!
3Com 4evr
Those cheeseburgers and grilled cheese sandwiches were a hit at our event last night.
Thanks!!
this take on opera is so hilarious
Derby Day Manuch's is picking Done Talking Right!!!
He's never done talking; Roc Daddy Nose Best
hth2012 question about balancing between access and legitimate noncommercial uses.
Well its obvious you're crushing .
lol but whatever
The early bird catches the fly ball.
3AM : Basebal!
I can't wait to root for my and King Felix!!
Feral Roombas: A documentary.
This rain better chill out!!!!
I've got a 4:30 tee time!!
was very surprised to learn today that SIX brand new MLS stadiums have been built since 2010
Thats my MO, add a B to that shit.
Longer days shorter nights lately.
So GameofThrones is making incest cool again.
You aren't alone anymore, Boone County, WV.
doctornk way too much mountain dew yesterday.
Musicians don't retire; they stop when there's no more music in them.
Louis Armstrong
i hate you :D.
Better call this an evening...I've got 425 kids to entertain tomorrow!
See you in the morning, Ingomar Elementary!
Between that and 's praise for 's promotion, it was veering on a UT lovefest.
Jane Fonda sizzles at 74 Barbarella still a Babearella.
At the Cannes Film Festival on Wednesday, Jane Fonda declared that shes the
bestofsd thanks to everyone who participated, attended and peeps for volunteering to help!
Ew I hate the Camelot ad on
Don't Get Offended If I Described You In My Last Tweet...Well,I Take That Back You're Just A HOE Face It.
Shrugs
Changed the Office Nomads mail server and some emails are bouncing.
Should all be fixed in a few hours.
I signed up to enter the Home Goods contest, but may use from time to time
My professorle pic is at the island of Mallorca, Spain.
Mi isla querida,
I'm in like meat in a taco.
The response I got on coffee IV's.
There is hope.
RT Maybe one day!
Bradshaw: image marking tools for polygons, points, boxes, lines.
Text annotation, transcription.
Also highlight for text.
it's because we're all gangstalibrarian up in here:
I want to see a picture!
:D
snoop and wiz got a song have a little party at my crib beat banging on some G shit
Wow, where's that stat coming from?
Sex borders on Russian roulette at that point.
I'm going through changes....
If you are living your life without giving an F You're living a LI E.
what is your favorite tech week story?
Graduation couldn't come soon enough.
I'm ready to get out and go to college!
Honored.
Really looking forward to your tweets.
TY.
I understand you have a headache, but who said anything about messing with your head?
i'm so stressed out right now!
RT : end of one in Ottawa, NYR trail 10...have not scored in last 136:32 of this series
Maybe next year.
We finally recorded a podcast tonight!
Nothing says love like a little bedoctorom talk through a sound board in our bedoctorom...oh yeah!!!.
I'm pretty sure his feelings aren't society's first concern.
Emory's survey results: displayed in a libguide, very visually pleasing
need customer service help.
need to change payment info on order but get stuck in circular site bug.
What's everyone's favorite brunch spot in Los Angeles?
I hope my plan of sleeping in the sun to get burned works...it'll eventually turn into a tan right?
U are born without anything but u die with ur name..So that name must not b a Word...
It must b a History!!!
: Gud morning
good morning i mean afternoon!
i got 2 get time down!
:D
i love you.
im always here for you when you need me.
just smile, your beautiful.3 iloveyou5.:
Thanks for following!

John Davies memorial.
What a great life of service.
Something to which we should all aspire!
RIP John  TY for what you've done for SD!
direct message
as asking someone to pay for your abortions.
patrickjcav: if you're going to buy all kinds of discount Valentine's Day candy tomorrow!
lmao!!!
What did u do?
WW  'You know you're in love when every day is like a onenight stand.' RT
I still want to add u.
I cnt get on twitter right now.
I'm sorting stuff out.
I am absurdly resilient when it comes to people.
I just heard Lindsay Lohan is going to be on that show Community on CBS
oklet's round up people  go from there.
I want to see a 12:30 session but don't need to see keynote so cd do late lunch.
You?
URL for the eportfolio session?
Thanks!
keep me posted Fam it's all luv
RT : That's what its all about!
Its universal.
RT : good...
get Dark  Lovely
Working on a FREE DIY for my website.
What's up with the sad music on bones this already sad smh
Noboday can do that.
You think Kanye doesn't have throwaway beats?
You think Michael didn't have off days?
On Tennessee's minibudget's, testing anyone for anything is costing taxpayers.
Silly Tennessee Legislation!
This is 1 for the history books
I think mine's blank LOL.
Slow down father time!
: Come to Chicago.
I love America...
The only country where disabled motorists park up front and run into stores...
LoL
they all want to move out so bad, so quick, if I were in that situation I think home would be my 1st pick!
Parked at the Sheraton and not staying at the hotel?
Stop by Registration to get validation vouchers.
You need one for each day.
Literacy is not a luxury, it is a right and a responsibility.
President Bill Clinton
I'm going to be in line tomorrow night nukka
watered yesterday, corn is growing fast!!
everyone says they hate tweeting because they tweet about everything.
so i would lovee to say i just took a poop
Ya know when you tear off a nail and it hurts like hell and it's the only think you can focus on?
I hate that.
There is a spider two times the size of my hand in the bathroom
I missed you both too!
Any ideas on how we can make women's basketball more sexual?
Cuz Ive got none.
i need to go shoe shopping
Ugh Bad Start Of The Day .
Hope It Gets Better :
right people need 2 stop haten on yall they just jealous cause yall famous and they not
lol hey chick how was your trip did u have fun
RT : We've studied best practices at entrepreneurial support centers around the country...including
So I found out yesterday my mom gave up on trying to get my great grandparents.
Way to freaking go mom.
Migraines are the absolute worst.
I got my ass kicked by a gnarly one last night.
Gonna see if RJ wants to go to the movies c: I wanna see the dictator.
RT : Big breaks are dead.
Great, strangely inspirational article about crowd sourcing and the future of independent film.
3 and out, part two!
What up everybody sitting home being a couch potato.
Miss charming thatnks for not following me DOUCHE!!!!!!!
What I love about it is how it is the most immediate action you can take to spread the word about your business!
: The world is bigger than your block.lmao....
True
i am done with facebook now i am checking myspace.....
Exercise With Mornington Peninsula Personal Training If You Are Over Weight
I denounce NYK and my thrown of Zamunda!
I bow down to the King...
King James!!
MVP!!
is a growing favorite of mine.
It's a real way for people to connect with you.
Just double tap a photo to like it.
Simple as that
Thanks to everyone who came to our phone bank last night and our mail prep today.
Hope to see you at 10:00am tomorrow for our block walk!
399 consecutive games
It's to distract people from how bad her acting is, obviously.
Dear Stomach, You are not fulfilling your digestive duty to this country.
Do you hate America?
Love, Patriot Harrison Shulik
should be a great show!
We saw their last performance of Alice  Wonderland which was excellent!
noodles wit that mexican sauce and a lil bit a lime!!
Bo.
Good idea on the dehumidifier.
Wishing you speedy making.
: 
well we r leaving now...what's up for the weekend??
The BMW X6 M makes no sense..it is the worst new car ever.
LOL what a way to start off Friday.
:P Have a great day T.
:
Much credit to Durrant carrying his team with composure.
Finally a young Super Star with some class!
kids Dallas/Fort Worth Airport Marriott Mothers Day Champagne Brunch at DFW Airport Marriott Irving, Sun, May 13 11:00a: Annual...
Chicharito is actually playing :o lol
First time in a long while I've seen someone argue Feature phones is where growth is
happy birthday Carlos, get laid!
has a broken phone; debt collectors, angry exwives, and telemarketers please call now!
So many great lines, right out in front of me :
You gotta ask for the Reference Book of Whatever from behind the ref desk but you might never get to see the Encyclop of Gay Sex
thanks for the
We hope everybody is enjoying Cyber Monday!!
What are some of the best deals you've found today?
Excited to announce that Christiano Ceccato from Zaha Hadid Architects will be joining the jury for the UnCompetition Project!
Hey thanks!
MT loved The Shrinking Stage.
Compelling, polemical, with a story to tell: as long form journalism should be.
I need infinite battery power for my I Phone!!
Don't be sweet, lest you be eaten up; don't be bitter, lest you be spewed out.
Proverb
Brady Hoke is not skinny.
Wish I could sleep :c
i get around ..but i don't stop for hoes Tupac voice
it was great beating them at home.
Should be a tough series.
Top talent leave an organization when theyre badly managed and the organization is confusing and uninspiring.
Erika Andersen
looking toward making sure my ppl affected by east coast quake are good...what are you gonna do to help?
Looks like my man!
A real man...who hunts, cooks, and loves God!
Irresistible!!
sleepover with kaz and sue
They shouldn't have caused the Indigenous genocide MT We should have picked our own cotton!
idiot racist comment on article
My point was more about people's sense of entitlement than any larger discourse on the justifiability of theft.
why must facebook punish me ?
i gotta wait 30 daays to send friend requests fuck u fb !
Wow to many bad 1s at Grey Stone
Often a positive mood is enhanced and an employee can be able to be more productive, more focused and have better concentration
We're in the same boat; for me, the pressure is coming from the brother.
Of course, we both know they are right.
Tell us who you would like to see give a talk at this year!
About to watch TheInnkeepers with !
Very excited to see it before the New Year and it's big release.
Yeah On Demand!
I think I loosened up for the world last night...
Hahaha got in at 5am...
Holidays...
Gotta love it
I Am So Sleepy And It's Only 7:35 !
Ugh Are You Kidding Me Bro !
..
Wants to learn spanish.
Hey remember when we said that was coming in June?
WE KID!
It's gonna be going down Thu, JULY 5.
Sorry for the confusion xo
Where is the New England pass rush?
Thanks for your heads up article.
is it happy hour yet?

Thank you !!
Your support is appreciated!!
Everything is coming up Milhouse: Ice Cream Edition.
yep thats weird cuz u cant have everything your way lol
fye me up !
Rawr!!
Bad stomach ache now!
Imagine that...
ahh, so glad someone knew where that was from!
:
never apologize!
pry?
i wrote it on twitter!
I know!
I resisted because I have the first one, but I still want it.
I have no more apple sauce.
omgoodness.
Not even a question.
YES YOU SHOULD AND YOU MUST
And me!
Nole Fans have to hope this one plays out like Tracy Howard's Recruitment last year.
Thinking about what makes black women's internationalism distinct from black men's, white women's, or Asians' or Latin Americans'
don't worry dude you won't be tomorrow!
Like a good neighbor, is there...
with a million dollars and a beach.
Nope.
Knew it didn't work.
what are you waiting for?
DM ME3
RT 10 days left of 2010.
That's crazy
I'm normally a supporter of public employees but ATU 689 definitely deserves the PATCO treatment.
Met a really hott guy tonight, we engaged in convo and found we had a lot in common then he pulled out a cig..
in class slacking off :D
Thank you Jen.
RT : : Haha..I am LOVING this new episode of Family Guy!
Your Hysterical..Mort!
is this thing working now???
Newark VOTERS come out today and exercise your right.
Booker Team!!!!
intern for the magic?
They're definitely using you as the scapegoat for Dwight leaving
OMG!!!
My condolences to my real blood cousin I heard ur Granny passed today 
MT : sexualcultures Oh dear  flashback to the 80s.
Rearguing the porn wars.
Love the Titlewave app!!!
thanks Megan!!
I miss you too :
Wow I haven't been on this account on forever!
Sorry.
Yes.
Hope so.
Looking FOR CD.
:, Hope your neck feel better soon.
clothe and connect the homeless
Thanks for the shout out, !
you knew that!
remember when you told me you knew them.
introduce!
that would be a dick move
Fake nails, fake hair, fake personality, fake smile, fake everything.
Get a tattoo on your head that says Made in China!
hey enter our beer pong tournament  every tuesday starting feb.
8  cash prizes and trophies.
My Birthday is Tomorrow ahh I'm excited!
:D
Shoutout too for being my 100th Follower :
Thanks!
Just sent the email :
o iight pepper ann
ToMyFutureHusband For the first time, I don't feel like I have to worry about my heart being broken.
TheWayLoveShouldBe
love it!!!
: Kicked off FirstNight fireworks w/my wife and grand kids.
Happy new year from our family to yours!
Great 2 c u on
nanana!
: give all my favorites in Nash a big hug for me!!!
Love you!
xoxo
Wave hello
Thanks for the FollowFriday.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Getting highlights!
Thanks, we'll pass the message to !
I love how and others outsides are getting more transparent so we are mirrored with more truth
I do not enjoy doctorving doctornks around!
Lol
Me too!!
Only 14 MORE til 200!
Help us findacure to have a world with !
4 every follow we donate!
I've been waving the 88 flag since GB doctorfted u.
I knw u dont view this year as great, but we're still 100 behind you!YOTTO
I don't want to set the world on fire, I just want to watch you fucking burn.
smiles thanks
Yep!
One final shot...then I'm too old to be a beauty queen.
;

Your bio...
you can say the same thing about Obama
Only got biology homework left!
feel better!!
:
Medeco  7th question: What is the Maximum Adjacent Cut Specification for Biaxial/M3 key systems?
FF Looking for great jewelry Seattle?
Look no further
Don't you just love when you see a cop and no matter what you are doing someone you are with says Act normal!
:
ciao Vincent3 i really dont wanna go to school but,, Starve a Bully Feed Your Soul.
STAND GRAND3 iloveeeyouuu:
you should talk to Might be some partnership potential there...
I've sext'd using just Emojis before.
By far d most entertaining shit to do
Happy birthday!!
Where the party at?
listening to my playlist on
2012isAustinsYear: each and everyone of us love you and know that 2012 is gonna be your year3
I'm down for it
hi !
You should really follow us !
: 
Nice playin' Shaun!
Keep it up!
Now open Saturday and Sunday at 10:00am for brunch!
Come by and sit on the patio!

Whew!
I might could narrow it down to top 100.
Maybe.
Probably.
Maybe not.
Probably not.
:
i gave u plenty of advance notice....
so dont try n hide
it was cool!
And we wish you were here too!
We all have choices to make  So where you are in life today is because of the choices you made yesterday  think about it!
Ha!
It's true.
We can't help it, though.
We love us some hyperlocal : RT : overused word: hyperlocal.
Can't wait for dinner tonight with 
Well, Bristol will be happy to hear that PBO doesn't listen to every teenager,..
just the smart ones.

i dont get boys i make my boys get 1 fa me , and i paper chase fuck stand still money, niggas kill with me and kill for me
love to talk to you about a project that you would be perfect for if your up for a challange!
OH YEAH!
Answer your phone slut.
Triple Chain Gang
do you two ever give it a break
Just saw a guy wearing Shape Ups.
U may see me stumble once or twice, but u will never see me fall
Oh, and the kid next to me, who has probs never been to the library before has very smelly feet.
nowbuyMeaRedbull please and thank you.
That text :3
Near empty room for
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy : 8
I heart Little Steven, especially as Sylvio.
And seeing Bruce slide into the camera man?
Awesome!
Stupidity  selfindulgence go hand in hand.

J Dash High Da Cobra  Money Bag's Da Skeet It's Are Time.
Rebound Designs 53, play Under the Covers.
Guess title or author of a book excerpt to win 10 off a Book Purse, or 20 off if you get both!
ZINK Magazine will now feature my photography in MAY issue instead of March issue.
Stay tuned!
Can't wait to share it with everyone!
Just the three of you decided this, or the whole class?
: haha, yes it is tiring, but I'm making it.
Doing another photo shoot today it's so much fun
Suggestions for a cheap laptop for my folks...mainly internet, solitaire  printing recipes.
Help.
Can we expext an SSX demo in the near future?
should not be allowed to make calls after midnight.
I can't come to the Summer tour because I'll be on a mission trip when you come to Dallas : Will you follow me please?
Sorry Ladies.
The best husband is the world is mine: Happy Anniversary Dear.
thanks, Kathy!
Tomorrow I will start a diet and exercise regime.
I need to lose some weight.
As it comes closer I find myself itchin to get out of this dorm room...!!
yesssir, thank U!!!
RT : Love That I Found Some Deals On Those Gifts I Got For My Lil Brother Thanks..!!
wordsyouwillneverhearmesay I enjoy when people park right next to my car and I can't open my own door
these bitches in here listening to yung nation knowin damn well i dnt fukkin like them!!!
That moment you're laughing hysterically in your bed, when you know you should be crying!
Life is a Puzzle, Figure it out!
jS Zz
I just heard candy coated raindoctorps and thought bout you
He's not mayor anymore.
We need 3 volunteers to help out with Pariah on 4/22.
Email if interested.
Volunteers get free admission!
First three...
Geez!
recycle redemptionCenters are a joke!
No point shoving green down people's throats if you dont accept anything?
Don't make me hurt your other leg.
whats the deal?
U Alive?
Ha
Set the stage for your success by first learning to be gracious in all things...
Congratulations on being recognized as an Energy Champion by !
Go green, Chula Vista!
I am speaking about Acting and Survival on a radio show tonight, audition on friday..life is good.
Thank you universe!
Love is cursed by manogamy .
i followed , for you :
Watched Eminem on Fuse3 still
Loving wearing RED just like us at wssmiami !
I haven't played a weekend round of golf other than tourney in 8 years.
6.5 hour round one Sat cured me.
Early AM b4 work I like.
Everybody says Im better off without you but I think their wrong.
well in that case i like it all
Just broke up with my boyfriend..
Which I'm glad because he was starting to become annoying and he didn't even love me..
That's not just Pamela Anderson that's Pamela Anderson with costar Photoshop
You just made my list, Schindler.
' Nicholas Cage' to Liam Neeson
NI Technology Updates Outlooks for Google, Harmonic, Clearwire, TriQuint Semiconductor, and Marvell Technology Group
ohh really ?aww well at least you think hes cool:
I just saw this, so belated thanks!
:
School today is so pointless.
One final and nothing else the rest of the day
what a gloomy day just makes me want to sleep
obviously quite a few people found it to be a dick way to do things.
And Lebron has apologized for it.
Good afternoon regresando de el viaje con my familia
Imagination will take you everywhere.
I am the king of bad behavior.
Windy windy windy!!!
Thanks so much!!
Hoping to screen in SF soon!
RT just seen the Volcano Girl project....that's great!
Good luck with that!
nice performance!
wit waitin 4 n so we kan finish settin up the new studio this ho lookin sick NVME Till The End Of Me!!!
josh I fucking love and miss yo ass!
I can't sleep it's WAY to quiet here.
Plus the lightning and thunder is just amazing.
RT Lets come together, show support  thank for taking a stand for MarriageEquality today.
Community Power!
RT : Excited to celebrate 100th bday  Year of the Girl on the Hill today!
I'm mad gave you a shout out for it l0l Why do you want to go back?
finish something?
Favorite new artist: Childish Gambino
Is polygamy the only way to get missionaries off my porch  be expunged from LDS records?
or is there an 800 number I can call?
Don't have a plan to get signed, have a plan for after you get signed.
Will someone just offer me a nice cave to curl up  die in :'
ten doctornk people
I'm sure most folks on here agree w/you.
Sadly these days thoughtful people stay silent while morons boast their ignorance.
i was going ColtonJessica  when colton left i was like omg.
dead.
dead.
dead.
this is not happening.
:
OK...I'll be over in about 10 min.
YouWereCuteUntil you took your sunglasses off :/
You need to read your DMs man...
lol
The most powerful moments of influence only require a tiny push.
We hope all of you have a wonderful and safe Labor Day weekend!
These niggas ain't no players they some mascots
Ready at run at mini marathon!
Good evening to you and a nonmanic Monday to one of my very fave tweeps...and peeps !
other than the last 4 games of last season Mark Sanchez has won at every level.
check his numbers 3yrs vs Manning 3yrs
Im soo tired , when I get home ima just knock out 
I seen a cow laugh so hard, milk come out her nose.
21 Jump Street!!
do u know of any studio/loft locations in LA that you recommend
Doing lots of laundoctor in preparation for NOLA ala11.
Now to figure out what to wear.
gail2010 anne pemberton from uncw is hilarious.
The needs analysis session underscores how design  analysis can rework IL instruction
Infrastructure that is...
CHEERS TO THE FREAKIN WEEKEND
Great song!
We are playing it in the office now!
Thanks!
you're hella talented.
great job 3
You my people, but I look out for you and you never look out for me
I am at the scanner now.
Standby.
You gotta own it if you want it
Invitation to provide evidence searching and appraisal services to support ESA review on safe procedural sedation and a
Only thing that fails about the new job is the lack of a good place to rustle up some vittles nearby.
Southland is always empty 
Lol like fa real RT : The luckiest man on earth, he got em all!
RT : Who the fuck is Him lol
that place is amazing
I wish I could be there this morning, I am so proud of you!
: I love you baby 3
i find it odd how my eye only hurts when i bend down to put something away.
the pressure kills it
Yes, it will be a huge help.
Helps her, too.
She works in KC now but keeps her home in Carrollton where I grew up.
: Blow the door wide open like up up and away.
While Americans are buying guns in hysterics, actual political policy issues are passing through Congress.
Don't forget your representatives
Student asks to keep FLES  says, FLES me enseño a leer y hablar ESPAÑOL.
Maybe in ur generation you didn't have the opp.
as we do now.
So we should see you again after the new year?
the bird bird bird, the bird is the werd?
Alittle respect goes a long way
no one now!
/3
Security and reliability of data are top tech priorities at says
I'm IN LOVE with deep water running.
I think I may go 5x a week.
It says I burnt over 1000 cals!
Britten and Brulightly by Hannah Berry for
NeverSayNever is on instant.
Sorry I am NOT Sorry!
RT : I want 2011 to be the year everyone sees in what all of you see.
Love you guys for being in this with us!
oh hell, double standard tuesday in the gop has got me giggling for the inevitable Obama2012 landslide.
you seem interesting.
So I followed you...
I see you are in Chicago???
Nice!
it should be under macintosh HD/Applications
We know our friends by their defects rather than their merits.
W.
Somerset Maugham
sister grabbin me some lunch as soon as I wake up.
I say hey today is going to be a good day
is there a concert in las Vegas on 8/3/2013 or is it on 8/2/2013.
Not sure because both dates are on website?
Please answer
Ugh my stomach is about f'd up just as much these red neck's down here...VicennesRants .
Hope everybody had an amazing weekend!
I did!
Stayed busy, sorry for scarce tweets!!!
Xo
so dedicated.
you will go far, Jakeysan.
It's not supposed to rain in Perth.
It's summer there.
: Thanks for spending Earth Day with us!
Enjoy growing your basil and compost worms.
still trying to figure that one out...
i like being by myself , don't gotta entertain anybody else .
i like my space
ah, that's it!
I'd like to give it a try...How do I apply?
I know 2 companies/websites that are interested.
trust no MAN..only GOD
If something isn't done, every single department manager will have quit before Christmas.
CLEARLY THERE'S A PROBLEM HERE, PEOPLE
please do me the biggest favour and follow my friens she LOVES..
OBSESSES with you:o
Looking forward to spending the afternoon with the good peeps from the !
Wish I could ever remember to listen, dadgum it.
It is streamed too, right?
This presentation abt using wikipedia to improve access is fabulous.
: Former Denver mayor Willington Webb came out today to speak in favor of CivilUnions COLeg
Liz truly loves her fans.
Every single one of you supporting her.
she loves you.
3
we expect to continue rapidly expanding the universe of electronic additions available on Axis 360
thanks man.
Bumpin Chris brown mixtape it's kinda straight
Countdown to final auditions  can't wait to have this film cast and be able to really see these lead characters come to life!
Hey Angela, thanks for sharing quite a few of our blog posts  videos!
Happy Friday :
I can't believe Ted Nugent would try to use his freedom of speech
Fuck man my phone is gonna die and I hardly used it.
Today
Amazing moment w/ ManCity, but 1 ?: If same record as ManU, why use goals tiebreaker and not playoff?
I 3 our postal system.
It's so...
taped together.
Another sunny day in portland will it last?????
did you see avengers yet?
tell them anything but dont tell them all the truth
KSsynapse R.Tsien: Have also combined miniSOG w/ TimeSTAMP to visualize, at EM level, a specific pop.
of proteins made at a specific time.
omg girl i luv the way u think
The scapula and the clavicle have a long standing relationship...mainly because they find each other quite humerus.
Like Duncan Oughton as a color commentator.
Interesting stat...
RT around 110,000 records are made a year, we're covering about 1500 of them
Follow me on Instagram
is it still illegal to use sticky glue so we can catch the dang ball?!!!
Badgers win 7971!
First win in the B1GTourney since 2008.
It's Wisconsin, Michigan State tomorrow.
We'll have live coverage at 11 am ct
Success!
Got in via iPad!
Apple really is the brand that keeps on giving.
See everyone at B  Olney.
Not quite: a Jewish stove means you set it beforehand so it heats up on the Sabbath so you don't have to touch it that day.
Awesome blog, thanks cant wait to read upcoming blogs
I have boy plants.
I don't know why.
:
The rest of my joke,what did the ghost say to the bee?
Boobees RT if you get that!
This is the best day EVER!
SpongeBob
Super jealous that and are at cildc but hoping they have a great conference!
ff These are smart, helpful and wonderful Seattle women to follow if you are on twitter to learn
That's really all I know
do you realize whenever you say soon it never happens....?
Your Acct was hacked and is posting Dms with links to malware.
Time to change your password.
Do charity silently or else the charity is you.
No sweeping up cheese and lettuce when all you do is talk about their problems..they unload anyway we can at least be in a comfy office.
thanks Craig!
:
Sunday mornin in the cubicle.
Lets do this!
I lost most of my contacts, great .
I just made me some grits!
man, these are soo good :
Lot of talk about UK not leading for Bennett, even with Florida doctorpped.
I guess it's time for the staff to put all out press on Jefferson.
They say nigga I been noing them since dey nose was running!!
Shitd!
Not me!
I say dey wasYoung Swag now I say SwaggD OUT!

we're now available for download in Canada's Appstore :
Early morning doctorve through downtown blasting beach house.
Pretty stellar.
At Public Policy Forum lunch featuring Martin Kaiser of Milw Jrnl Sentinel.
Tablet adoption rate greater than any previous technology.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRINCETON3!!!!
hey i changed my name its now ilovemahone12
Don't forget we are closed on Thursday.
So now is your time to get your Island Fryday's fix!
I wanna grill like the dude off HowHigh ....
INeed  that way I don't have to talk to ppl either, I'll just let em read the golds!
Thanks doctor Ferris for all of her work with the MYC.
We wish you luck at your new job and will miss you very much!
Basketball Bellesgreat read!
Wish there were more nonfic picture books about basketball, just as there are for baseball.
Bulls Derrick Rose will play tonight  only 14th time this season that Chicago will have its full lineup...
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there!
Hope you felt loved and appreciated for all you do!
Love ya Mom 3
yup.
So glad I'm not in that business!
no problem Bob:
I don't either lmao
nd then you spelled it wrong so i walked away shakin my head
Jam is a little sticky, how bout like he was a cheesecurd
Anything special planned for tonight in Chicago?
Some live piano?
Your sets always give me a special feeling!
Blue stands for truth, honesty, loyalty, and integrity.
Promotes thoughtfulness and creativity; suggests knowledge; calms the mind!
thank you for spreading the word about my fundoctoriser!
I want to help your organization anyway I can!
Thanks for the RT :
That was me ;
Can't wait for your season!
I would love to do your hair  makeup here in CLT!!
Later Twitter..
sitting home and relaxing.
prom is coming up and i'm super excited!!!!
:D:D:D:D
not 8 foot.
Giants Home Opener!!
Time to Bartab!
GoGiants!
Thanks to all of our new followers and RTers for the love last week!
Stay tuned for the announcement of our gift certificate winner!
Watching Martin on MTV2.
naw I mean to fly to Houston lol
Butch Roy picks me up in his action van and I feel like i'm in the A Team only no BA since Minneapolis has no black people.
also Costco is pretty good  making things right just call or go back later.
Wonderful, Thank you for the reply!
Census 2010: Texas becomes a majorityminority state for the first time based on official 2010 results; its switch occurred in 2005
1waytopissmeoff ; Is when people lie to me.
We must cultivate a testimony that has a solid foundation or we will be swept away by the cunning craftiness of Satan
Watching TanishaGetsMarried it's hilarious!!!
Make room 4 the
LOTS of park 3 Vinylmation in the open trade boxes at Epcot right now!
If Youkilis is on block, and Sox will eat some cash, the pirates should give chase
i just think anything will be better than winter at this point...
UnitedGA is tomorrow  8pm est!!!
Details coming very soon!
Like they added a new master suite onto the house but you have to go outside and around the garage to get to it.
I think we could all like to dedicate that song to someone and it would make us smile
Rock on.
Enjoy.
Congratulations!
Quite an accomplishment!
follow me!!!!
it would make me the happiest person on earth
Just looked at some horrifying pictures from the oil spill in the gulf.
Very scary.
hope you like!!!
Gonna try and make today a great day:
Me too : RT I hate it when I don't realize my typo or error until someone RTs my tweet.
mutter
I just signed up and I am in District 11
Tell me this: you've atleast felt the same thing once or twice too, right?
soo excited :D
I don't think Matt Kemp wants to finish 2nd in the MVP voting this year
Boarding This Flight To ATL 
thank you!
:
But you'd wanna smoke!
Lol RT I wish Snoop Dogg would narrate all documentaries!
I would actually not fall asleep!
:p
When in France, do as the French!
It's going very well!
We're already gearing up again for HHC here in the office  it will be here before we know it!
Stranded in the desert wit a hot chick yea i ca work wit dat
Happy New Year tidings to all and followers.
Here's to a fabulous year in
I remember 9 yrs ago when I got my license gas was only 1.49 a gallon
Don't miss your chance to see Westlife at Doncaster Keepmoat Stadium this Saturday!
Tickets still available.
excited to see what i can make with a pile of 3/16 x 3/16 x 8' wood scraps.
skin let's do it.
Champs and Bjs haha
you stopped talking to me !
lol.
good.
you ?
the moment is now...the moment is now....the moment is now....
MADISON GO FOLLOW !!
V
Actually...
not Thursday...
that's taken.
:
Found what's probably the right dataset, can't open it due to lack of download permissions.
Waiting for IT.
S/o to for the tribute track....it jus copped that joint much respect to u bruh
F A AND FIND SOMETHING MORE IMPORTANT TO REPORT
...
I think I just broke twitter.
:
Shoutout to my best fiend I'm twitting this for you girl
Thank you, thank you!
RT : Happy Birthday to the very fabulous
Ohio Chautauqua  the CIVIL WAR moves to CHESTER  opening night on Tuesday 7/12  complete schedule at www.ohiohumanities.org
I wonder if McCarthy knows the words to hit the road jack 
I practice inpatient med so that hasn't been a goal.
Think it's good for many things but for most, won'thuge referral source.
This is sweet, though I can't figure out how to use it!
I can't watch this anymore, I'm gonna watch Space Jam lol.
Springfield, Oregon...who would have guessed.
I put myself out there and asked the question a guy should ask, bad idea!
/3
Flowers grow out of dark moments.
Corita Kent
I feel like death.
Excited for the show tonight!
LOL nothing wrong with that get it !!!
: Lord, I know all sins are equal...but can u hold killing someone over sneakers a little higher than the rest...Amen.
Hope you find a way to make it work.
Creatives doing shut up and doctorw work is never a good thing.
The secret to winning is constant, consistent management.
Tom Landoctor
yeah I hope it does too lol : I hope it rains on everyone at the doctorke concert lol
cool they are fun to film!
ReplaceAMovieTitleWithWeed the hunt for green october
oh yes we are.
We are visionaries.
fangirlinghardcore but it's ok...
Haha
Listening to Shinedown!
O's punished the Dead Sox again today 82!
Hit a bomb so far Rondo caught it at the TD Garden!
Let's go O's!
I'm craving zucchini and asparagus :
Happy Birthday to Melissa Joan Hart and to Britt Robertson
Have created 2nd Twitter site, , primarily for political stuff, so I don't burden my writing/editing  other followers w/ it.
I know : juggling two jobs makes one's social life so taut, it's no fun!
oic When u gonna start nmn??
Obama openly supported gay marriage in a Wednesday interview with ABC's Robin Roberts, marking a historical milestone for the gay community.
Today my bro Bday...
yall wish him a happy bday
doctorve past Tram's Salon and I thought for a second it said Trey's.
Trey?
sitting in class...struggling o.O
My head is filled with social media terms, network architecture, objectives, measurements, and more.
Learning so much in this new job.
Cafe LuLu with for some doctornks  appetizers!
you coming back to maine to race in the 250?
very cool that is on the roster of PdF12 speakers!
innovative  effective way to reach English learners in China cc
Seeing Sandi Patty and in Hello Dolly
DO YOUR THING BROTHER
Kentucky Final Four watch parties: Daytona: Houligan's on Grenada; Jax: Blackfinn; Miami: BWW on Sunset.
Find more on our site....
Not a group sir...but an individual...Tevin Campbell...
Its raining in LA.
It's beautiful.
Makes me miss Houston.
theres always that moment when u just feel like u want to break down and desperately need a hug but at the same time u feel so alone :
thanks for the vegFF!
:B
My hair is so messy
Hey what's up
Don't forget!
We play at the Foundoctor Friday night for Deeper Life!
Puerto Rican run here I come!
Find me raging on the beach tonight!
Interesting place to feel people's love and pain.
Sending only love
Just saw TheHungerGames and it was the bestmovieever!!
C'mon Preds...one last push.
but you always wear latex!
new recipes for misters!
He actually has a DJ name but it escapes me.
He used to spin with Steve Sleeve from Shapers and Hood Internet.
Short evening tonight, bed at 9p and up for work at 4a : lol
It will never happen is a pussy, unless you get him liquored up then he goes straight for the junk
so true!
IKEA will always hold a special place in my heart : was part of the first date w/ my bf, hahaha..
love it!
good luck!
have fun!!
you will not defeat me!!
Themes fixed!!
Good Luck to all of the SCAQers who are racing Malibu tomorrow!!!
I'm all for meeting new people but I'm also all for only having 5 friends that I actually keep in contact with daily.
your so awesome!!!
Please follow back!!
:D PLEASE
You calling me out?!
hee hee.
I am an SEO strategist for a hospital.
Still not sure what doing when I grow up, though.
I created the Cowriter Bulletin Board to try to help.
Does anybody have any other tips, or tricks for finding a good cowriter?
On the way!
Might be a few min late
The world of documentary is a tough shell to crack.
Particularly, when you attempt to inhabit grayscale space.
I would see if i have good aim in the toilet  Oh yeah Flap away
in the city where the women are real obviously Pitbull doesn't know Miami very well.
Have word that the airborne rbms11 folks are diverted until weather clears!
Let's hope they aren't too bored!
Pilates will tone, strengthen, and lengthen your body!
511?
same here.
ended up completely going in a new direction as time progressed.
Cause you make my heart race!
The smile and the taste of a fresh ruby red grapefruit!
Yummy
Never trust a man in a wheelchair with dirty shoes.
My haircut lady didn't like my logic today: My Dad hasn't used conditioner in over 50 years  he's the only one of his friends not bald.
Looks like I just found an excellent source for for articles on audio recording look for them soon on www.primalcine.com
Tampa protestors are leaving for Sanford for Trayvon Martin rally.
Trying out Twitter Lists.
I've created one for STC chapters and SIGs /stc.
saying hi to the beautiful dani, happy wednesday to you
Everyone I Know Is Either On Their Period , Just Got Off , Or About To Start .
I apologise to everyone who received bad emails from me.
I was hacked.
The problem seems under control now.
have arrived at intlib10 Massive tweets til Wed on lib tech stuff.
Just to warn y'all
Preparing the back half of Piranha3DD for its final mix.
It sounds cool.
Keep an eye out for it in 2012!
Iwish i had someone to occupy my thoughts
showing of beautiful maps and cartography via
Are you here?
We're in 108.
WHY DO BAD THINGS HAPPEN TO GO GOOD PEOPLE.
WHY.
My roomie is a professorssional.
The show starts at 8pm but we are having activities for the kids from 78pm in our MT Bank Pavilion
she always talks about it cause me and my brother fight...
shes always threatening us with taking away the internet..
There's the Justine I know and love!
Open Auditions on May 28 at COCA.
More info to follow.
When u getting some paper ,now get ready for Haters ..
Build a responsive site in a week: designing responsively
haha.
a thank you would be much appreciated.
I'm making your bitch famous.
FOODS THAT HEAL Food of the month teff  News for Dallas Texas ...: Perhaps more common amongst ethnic groups, it's only a matter of ...
Short skirt  high winds  not a good idea
wow.
You guys are so amazing : you get better every time I hear y'all!
I love you guys!
We should've called it the Rip off  contest.
RT : Lost something in the IUPUI library?
Check the library's lost and found at the Circulation Desk.
We have lost flash doctorves.
Hi Kristine.
How are you?
I've been off line a lot the past few days, solar flares messing with my internet?
Hope you're well
cool.
I might be back in the A next week.
Depending on what's going on
I gotta model in high heels she 6'4, but it don't mean shit tho, if a nigga call I bet she get low
Bruce Houghton: any new product or service must feel revolutionary AND comfortable to users.
You are most welcome!
He need to call he starting to worry me.
Parking gods!
Why have you.forsaken me?
after her fake marriage, Kim's so over.
No one cares anymore.
Ryan Krasney rendition of National Anthem at Nationals Park.
Well done.
hm no I think it was !
i am late, but that statement spoke volumes!!!
often times we really assume this.
I just found out that my phone has the ability to be a wireless hotspot...
made my day!!
I hate commercials :/
Ok...random Q..how are Jack  Chuck Bass related?!
He's Chuck's uncle, right?
Which means his sis is Chuck's mom?
cc:
Your attitude determines your altitude!...Stay positive!
SHMS doctorpping knowledge!
Design That Inspired Steve Jobs via
i know it sucks so r u buying one?
If Arabs would realize ArabSpring is something we invented to EXPLOIT  understanding truth about syria would be A WHOLE LOT SIMPLER.
:
I'm the same way , but shit neither of us have to its gon be FREE.
Are you ready for the campiest movie of the decade?
I am!
Looking forward to you and burning up the dance floor!!!
This voice in my head that I've had 4 yrs, says they love me.What is love if u can't c the person.It's like I hav an annoying bf in my head
Oh boy.
Buckle your seatbelts.
Today is getting a little bumpy.
Happy birthday !
Without a phone thanks to Coke 
New wheels just came out..my ladies ridin 3 Series, 5 Series BMW  C Class Benz hit me up.
Classy affordable wheels.
B the 1st
Congrats to on a great season, despite falling 1311 today to Colgate in the NCAAMLax playoffs at Garber Field.
: Bout to crush some arms and shoulders IronMafia BeDetermined.
Knock it Out!
Plan your spring outdoor rooms or now.
Be ready, don't wait because Punxsutawney Phil says 6 more weeks of winter,
Richard Belzer rocks
My friend has been raving about Must find and try now.
Go Ravens!!
I'm gon have to call my barber hands.
Dis nigga always gotta make phone calls and shit and wonder why he don't get no tip
Question where in the US do you live??
This is not meant to be a creepy tweet!
ThatAwkwardMoment when you're playing Guitar Hero and you miss a long note
We Sure Hope that Beyonce gets mon to sit for Blue Ivy so she can Pay Tribute To Whitney Houston at the Grammys tomorrow
naw I'm just better skilled lol
Half time and spurs are up by 4....
5654..
GO SPURS GO
WOO REPPING BRAZIL CAPOEIRA
If I leave my heart with you tonight, will you promise me that you're gonna treat it right?
Decoded: Sanchez is terrible  we don't want to admit it.
MT: Royals confirm LHP Jonathan Sanchez on disabled list.
He doesn't find it too scary?
Let us know how the Passover pizza is!
i am the coolest 29yearold ALIVE.
That looks healthy and dangerous all at the same time.
Good luck.
Also sounds like South Bound on the Hoan is shut down
Go MU beat the Badgers.
Writing bromides from selfproclaimed snarky writer types irritate the living shit out of me.
But what can you do...
Oh no isn't attending?
You will be missed!
Yeah I do.
80 a piece.
Dm'd you.
Surrendering my car to the gov go ahead I don't have nothing to hide
It was amazing meeting tonight at the CocaCola holiday party!!!!!!
I hope to be soon as well
Shout to the birthday boy :
Or a boozah ?
Thanks for picking us up, and feel free to check out our own hyperlocal comedy podcast.
Baltimore never sounded so good!
Parkway doctorve is so much fun to jam to.
Sadly I had to stop playing ME3 for the night.
I shall say goodnight until it be marrow.
Who knows anything about Nashville songpluggers?
Looking for somebody good who will make major pitches.
Have you ever heard of ?
askme
Playstation Network has an update for the PS3.
Now I guess the browser can render interactive websites now.
Today I learned that people in Milwaukee walking down Brady Street sometimes emulate the haircut of Skrillex.
shoutsout to for promoting me telling 4lks to follow me..I c u thanks hun
yeah I feel you
Already a Jets fan favorite here on Twitter, singled out as UDFA who has impressed Rex.
Tweaked hammy today.
Is at the Academy Awards!!..by that I mean I am as close as someone with no ticket or affiliation to the awards can get..
Just received word that the Advocate magazine is ending it's publication this month.
That's a sad thing.
You dont deserve no hate.
I deserve hate
I'll never leave.
Rdio is just so easy to use compared to spotify
had a blast guys!
Thanks again!
We're the ones that've been in ABQ a year now
prince of da city mixtape coming soon hosted by me
I miss the fam...
Definitely didn't look like he did, refs weren't counting.
He wouldn't have if Scalabrine didn't yell at him from the bench.
enjoyed the day and all that came with it.
family time is the best time.
happy bday to my sis alexia: we had a rocking good time
Dont ever wrestle with a pig.
Youll both get dirty, but the pig will enjoy it.
RT : Undie Sunday numbers are in from today 565 pairs of socks, 432 pairs of underwear, and 55 bras!!!!
Church was awesome!
It was an honor to have at The Bridge tonight.
God bless you brothers in Christ.
Awake my soul

almost did in the tournament back in '08 We'll see...
aye detention buddy xD it's isabelle :D
really?
Why?
A break up is like a broken mirror.
Its better to leave it broken than hurt yourself trying to fix it.
If I wasnt who I am, I would've been movin out by now
Life is a doctoram for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the rich, a tragedy for the poor.
algebra homework, yayy:D
awhhh .
: he's gonna be cute and come out with a six pack of abs lol
wait do you have a tumblr cuz ik a person from thier that has one
Put These Bitches On LockOut
Chocolate brought to me directly from Austria...one piece a day.
I've heard good things about that.
The interview w filmmaker made me hungry and want to see the film.
Loved Pompeii at !
Amazing!
Young, fresh minds who can bring new ideas helps create a great story for an org.
establishing difference as natural is anthropological certainty  a suicidal courage one must have in modesty.
Well shit.
RT I'm feeling like a champion.....champion hitman
I'm glad the adapter worked.
Go MACs : I promise, it's really not all that complicated.
CommonTattoos hot topless mermaid, that 30 years later looks like a doctorgon.
How did I miss this!?!
Diversification of ideas to social problems can happen through multiple charities and not put it on the govt.!!
Yes!
What a great weekend of basketball!
Good morning!!..
Have a great hump day!!
Friday we will be at Habitat for Humanity by Warm Springs and Tamarus.
215 Exit Warm Springs, west, right on Tamarus.
End of street.
Not to go all math on you two, but the 11.7 is slightly more of the team's available minutes than the 14.0.
It worked for bar owners...why not apply it within the petroleum industry?
Happy Hour gas specials?
you busy tonight??
Always have a plan B :
: truth you are in the losers seat when you are not loving!
VoteGrahamBGT comeon get him to the final!
He's so funny :
I just want Skullgirls to come out already.
:
i am requesting some cinnamon rolls...feel free to ship them
shout out to carlos del3no
Why cant come to dc D: waiiiiii /3
AMEN.
Sincerely, Just got off working an 8 hour shift in a doctorvethru window.
Kenny the beagle that was inside a truck stolen from Culloden, has been found!
Being reunited with his owner now.
RT A headband
SEO NEWS: What's Better  Onpage SEO or Linkbuilding?
A little.
Also, should show up and gloat.
:
ohkay that's too much
Congrats and thank you for helping us spread the good news!
You should speak w/the guys.
They've got some awesome customers.
I was stationed in AR when that happened.
But we made that detour on the doctorve back from AK in 85, quite a sight
Just booked NCIS: Los Angeles  auditioned ON my birthday this past Friday so what a nice gift!
Oh I thought they were just opening for them!
this is even better!!
I miss you!
Only 4 tweets from you today
Ever meet that person you really wish you hadn't?
Over here playin cards in choir right
LIBERTY SMITH the musical: www.fords.org/event/libertysmith and FIRST DATE the musical: www.5thavenue.org/show/firstdate1112/
Happy Birthday to you!
Enjoy your day!
Xo
on TV or IRL?
September 4thPrivate Wedding September 15th Grand Openong of Tucson Club October 9th Salvadorean Restaurant October15th Private Party
Thanks for the FF!
;O assasin How do you get gold in Elder scrolls oblvion?
digital cable from a converter box sux
txt me i lost your numbaa
Happy new year!!!!
RT : Laying down to watch this BehindTheMusic can't wait for a BTM in 15yrs
been a long week!
Relaxing with my furry child Harley!!
Have a great weekend!!
Happy Kom Yippur!!
Running today with the neighborhood group!
Bring on this fabulous Saturday!
no its mine lol
in the metro area?
Beautiful day.
Planning my day around a lunch ride on my Bicycle.
Carmel has close to 200 miles of trails and paths
Anyone blogging about their 2012 goals?
I'm curious what other people are planning.
i've been consistently gaining simply because I like beer, and chocolate.
I need a way to help me portion control my meals
So interesting to hear board members' thoughts on college success for our kids.
Kicking off our October benefit felt good 2!
its doctorft day and i could care less
thunder video is dope !
I mean...someone tell me how I'm supposed to act.
I'm trying to protect myself.
There is a sweet new product coming this year!
It's going to blow your mind!
hey, it was nice meeting you too.
scrambles frantically to get to Grace's FB page
This Mizzou game is so exciting to follow, even on gamecast.
I don't think I'll be able to sleep until it's over.
This cup of coffee this morning never tasted better : Have a great, productive, kick butt day peeps!
haha and harry you know the most about it so im sure u corrected him.
Lol 3
twice in one week??
you VIP, you.
RT I'm at HB Home Bistro w/ 2 others
...
You know it playa
tim duncan is going to be 45 putting game in these young boys...
Been to 3 Cubs games with my little bro at Miller Park: Z's nono, ReJo's grand slam robbery, and this marathon.
Always memorable here.
Summer produce is at an end.
Heavier dishes r on the menu and you should be seeing more offal.
God I love Fall.
Can't wait for parsnips.
Im Just Telling The Truth Girlly.3 I Was Like Look How Beautiful This ICONiac Is Heheh ICONicBoyzOnEllen Need To Happen;
Gonna upload some pics from on doctoramMachines make sure to check them out
The Bengals are starting to look for real.
As an Ohio native it's nice to see.
And the Browns won not often you'll see both those teams win.
So FIU has a new online store.
I heard they're going to be offering special deals to their twitter followers.
Follow
Well, I originally only lost movement in my pinky finger but now it looks like I've lost movement in my ring finger as well  /
Ohthat's really lovely.
I'm glad
Welcome to Wilmerding : hehe i love this place!
hanging out with and at the party!
sxswsea ftw!
its ok its not like you're making fun or anything it's my videoo that made u laugh that makes A HAPY CAMPER SHARE IT THO PLZ 3
Kristen Stewart sports 39;60s look on ELLE UK magazine cover
let's smoke a bluuuunthaha
I want my kids to stay in school but sometimes wonder why.
MT : 28 yrs ago w/ 1K instead of studying for finals I started Dell.
11 of adults around the world have never had sex.
But most 20 year olds with 2 years of college are more mature than a 19 year old with none.
i'm usually a coffee person but i'm currently undergoing a pomegranate green tea obsession
Join us at PROBrookfield from 11:001:30 today.
FREE shirt for registering on site and anyone can enter to win a VIP entry!
2011.08.18 Dodgers 5 Brewers 1  You can't win them all / Kershaw neutralizes Crew / Brewers hit the road
Oh none so far.
I'm just putting it out there.
Don't have time for it.
Mischief maybe, but not shenanigans.
:
Loss of virtue in a female is irretrievable
tempo at 83 i think imma put my country potna on it wit his accent it will sound raw
Is your online site down
i really don't understand the 'listed' partt.
i can't get any lists to follow me :/
LadyGaga will be at the VerizonCenter tonight!
Who's going?
Its almost the exact opposite lifestyle....except the partying!
are amazing right now : i feel like I'm facilitating the party haha
POLL QUESTION: what are you doing to ward off the Ides of March?
Careful out there, kids!
yeah I believe and I both know why its too late
I'm starting a band with !
We'll play 80s folk songs with a dash of classics, a swirl of Keha, and an occasional BMTH.
m/
I got my copy last weekend  started reading it last night.
He's such a great guy, looking forward to reading his stories!
nice Ms J
I level up quick xD
the sheetz by my work is now open..
saweet!!!
hope you're having fun making gifbooms.
: well goodnight sweet doctorams and love you :
just as we remembered.
84 cappers with their College Hoops up today so far with 2 consensus from their plays with more to come.
You go!
RT : 1 month ago I chopped off my hair.
I'm now enjoying the most beautiful kurly kinky hair of my life!
Adult lullabies should be a thing.
Sara omg it was on your Bday 2yrs ago you were so sick missed your party I felt bad that it happened to such a sweet person
I see you!
Let us know how Premiere Events plans to support the Year of Boulevard!
;
Thanks to and all of you guys that made it out last night.
See you next week!
Well that was fun
totally agree!
we need to get ryno back at wrigley!
get one fo our last 8 pairs of this collection for 50 only!
clearence!
contact us at
With 50 days to go, construction on Belle Isle is underway  the staff is working hard to bring the race back bigger  better than ever!
Thanks for the RT!!
I appreciate it :
Shoutout to !!
Get her to 600  youll get a shoutout RT when you did: only 10 people please follow her!
Good morning all you wonderful peeps
Always knew that dude was smart.
;
are you going to be performing back in town on tour
Shot an amazing ranch for Marie Mcmillian.off the grid with breathtaking terrain.
Over 500 acres of land with springs/gorges/dinosaur poop?
I'll be performing as a member of the band for the musical, Anything Goes, at the Long Beach Center Theatre this weekend.
Much love!
Not all of us are racists.
I hate racism!!!!!!
I judge people by how they treat me, not their skin color:
Busy weekend but its all worth it...
See you tonite for the 8:30 show.
Looking forward to seeing the place, and hearing Carole Montgomery!
: Yeah, I'm not a fan of rain either, but when the lawn starts turning a crispy brown, it's a welcome change.
Michael, where are you looking to purchase a house?
I may be able to help you out.
Let me know!
Shoes are overtaking my room.
I haven't decided if this is a problem yet.

Man it was nice to meet you and your lady the yesterday at Barns and Noble...
Jason IedaClarke
everything sounds better slower/lower.
you can take that to the bank.
midnight dessert snack?
People always raving bout the Blind Side.
It's not that great a movie...
Pretty sure my head is going to explode.
Strange since consensus seems to be that that Bucks took G.S to the cleaners?
Good deal for the Bucks imho!
Nobody told Arnold Schwarzenegger that you can't do to the hired help what he did to the California Legislature.
So, just for the record, the Celtics are getting all of the calls tomorrow night, even some you've never heard of.
Clarinet Studio Recital Tonight.
Students of Caroline Hartig 6 PM!!!!
Despite my technical Tweeting difficulties, very much enjoyed an excellent panel.
I will turn their mourning into joy and will comfort them and give them joy for their sorrow.
Jeremiah 31:13
If I had a racoon in the attic I wouldn't give my wife a paint gun to get rid of it, Who wants a spotted house.
I hate when my booty goes to sleep....can sumone wake it up.....pleeeeaaassse!!!
Simply doing household chores and keeping an active lifestyle may lower Alzheimer's risk.
RT : If I responded with, Maytheschwartzbewithyou.
Would u know what I meant, would you think I'm crazy?
Yep.
RT : Joey Votto deserves just as many plaudits as Pujols/Adoctoran/etc get on a regular basis.
Tremendous player.
RT Everyone is selfish at times..
so dont trip when i say whats mine is mine.
Oh, also, ONE MORE WEEK.
Much love for the FF, sweetness!
:
Saturday night
Coaches switch teams all the time.
releasing a new song next week!
We are going back to record 6 more songs to make a full length
You can beat Beth Phoenix!!!!!!!
Getting my workout in!
30 minute run, 10 minutes of HIIT and 20 minutes of abs!
What are you doing today?
omg that's pure funny 3.
Art and literature wrapped into one delightful package, and most of them are under 20.00.
They smell good too!
I cannot speak of the things I've seen...
Happy birthday lil bro finally 16!
Frolfed a 2 despite the wind.
Nice!
I bet the feds know :
Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.doctorSeuss
If the pacers win I'm running outside naked, that's how I hate Lebron
?I am in control of some things.
I can choose.
My next moment can be meaningful or it can be wasted.?
?
Rock Christopher
he better!
This is once in a lifetime
congratulations on the launch!
Looks like a beautiful day and I am contemplating going to Taste of Chicago to take pictures.
I hate when he falls asleep while im textin him D:
My pleasure.
Had a great Easter weekend.
Hope you did too.
that's too much work lol
An electrician is a bright spark who knows what's watt.
RT : Now hdsholiday, onto resolutions for 2012...
??
Yoga doubles ?
not a damn thing.
Just sitting around
How was I not following before now?
lol im a little scared cuz for some reason the squirells here like to attack ppl...and ur welcome
Dogs don't have ear doctorms.
So when you blow smoke into them, it goes straight through the auditory tube to the cerebral cortex.
Ah yes..
12:41 as in 1241 in a town where I grew up.
Its the addoctorss to the home I was raised in, where I am at this time.
Please don't tell me that this stupid heart condition thingy is coming back.
Listen, smile, agree, and then do whatever the fuck you were gonna do anyway..
The value is not instant results, but instant context, feedback, potential for iteration.
A genius!
For 37 years I've practised fourteen hours a day, and now they call me a genius!
Reds WIN!
This just went from weird to creepy...
was in this morning!
Ceelo looks like a 300 pound Sean Combs.
Lets hope you know some people with that avatar.
scary RT : Its all about who you and what you can do for them.
Thank you, Adobe doctoramweaver, for deciding to break the day my webdesign project is due.
As if I haven't had enough problems with this class
followed, follow back?
GOOD LUCK to everyone.
We are all winners in our efforts to change our world.
Your performance was like the sun, WAY TO HOT.
Responsibility to do this work its the work of human beings.
By the way, we killed a squirl..
RT : Yes but always watch your back too.
RT : Focus on the competitor, but only while it is ahead
just got home from school :boring!
me too that would be awesome we should get her to come with 1D when they come to KC.
You mean it's not??
wish she would do another
That whole idea is crazysauce, yo.
that's a good way to be everyday!
Baked Tofu at TheBeanNYC is pretty slammin'.
It also proved to be a fantastic way to get Kathy Griffin to stop calling here..my God, that women is persistent...
Omg somebody sold me Gillie da kid new mixtape Smh ...He need to jus get a job now he outta pocket..
Any slpeeps thinking of going to the Natl CAS conference sponsored by CASANA in July?
Bostonarea, MA
Hello.
Is it possible to get an interview with you?
:
The remake of Arthur made me watch the original, which is a really charming film.
Im here to bring you quick and healthy tips and recipes for the whole family!
hey guess what!
Happy 4th of July to all!!!!!!
have a extraordinary day.
Four Tips to Save Money on Energy and Make Your Home More Attractive to Buyers  Fox Business
Is Amare downplaying the severity of the injury or is source lying?
'Source' reporting gets carried away...
Is anyone else's pandora streaming been sucking ass lately?
Or is it just coincidently all the internets I've been attached to?
I love you!
Triumphant return to Baldoni's in lovely Menominee Falls!!
I feel like you just live to hurt me.
whyareyousocruel?
Mine coming next Thursday.
Go team!
camas teachers rock!
We are so fortunate and appreciate them all!
u went to bed so goodnight; our first game is tomorrow against one of our main rivals33 u owe mee goodluck wishes
yes to rager no to vegetarianism.
I see a juicy burger in your future!
Guess what?
It's Sushi Den time!
I'm so gonna stuff that raw fish all up in my eathole!
RT : Im sure The dog gets the gravity of the moment.
Oscars tweetroast though not as much as a heavier dog would.
yes sir!
Happy Friday, Boo!
Just finishd my performance sang nature boy, killing me softly,  you haven't done nothin'
RT : relievers are the worst
haha that's why you gtta a big ass mouth!!!!
:D
totally want one.
Who's your favorite Martial Artist past /present?
Join us Battle of Atlanta June 1718 www.battleofatlanta.info Meet the Legen
Ariadneaufnaxos  the original
They rule :
yeah cx cause everytime I ask him he says no :p
adtechSF keynote.
Amazon's mantra should be EVERY company's mantra: personalize, innovate.
scale.
just called this kid a goober.
LOL .
RT : ...the God of the excluded can only be revealed in the community of the excluded.
Marcella AlthausReid
Christian will be there.
I have another meeting to go to.
I know he will have fun seeing you!
F.A.I.T.H Will get me farther than Money...
Fixing our eyes on Jesus, the author and perfecter of faith, who for the joy set before Him endured the cross, despising the sha
a nigga horny this morning ...dam
KLBB 1400 has them right now RT Wonder which local radio station will get Packers broadcast rights.
There is train the trainers and then there is lead the leaders.
bc yu haven't tlk to me in like 2 fukn weeks how was I suppose to know if yu still wanted to go
Thanks for the RT
Happy bday doctor Seuss!
What is your fave doctor Seuss story?
Marty is a former New York City Police Officer who received numerous citations during his ten years with the Police Department.
Ok I am going try to make it to see you hoop
The Nightmare doctoramer supposes that there was someone who could lie next to you and doctoram your nightmares for you.
The Communications Services Tax is definitely undermining infrastructure growth here in FL.
Are you looking at removing this?
Had a great show loved my fans!!!!
Ouch?
Royals doctorp 11 in a row?
Get it together boys!
thank you.
Boosie gettin out murder bout 2 go up sad
I hope is ok :o
I hate it when I'm sitting here trying to WORK, and people keep asking what I'm doing and what I have to do.
You can see I'm busy, jeez.
My home will be filled tonight with sounds from Licensed to Ill and Ill Communication as we reminisce.
A student from the instruction class doctorpped by the library to get some research help from me.
Love when that happens.
As long as our great customers keep stopping by, we'll keep serving the best pizza pie!
hugs
Ah.
Interesting.
Prom soon :/
Cheyenne is now open in both directions.
loved ur performance
Lol I always have time for yall
heck yeah
Wizard of Oz at Pope Joy was awesome.
The doge definitely stole the show and got the most applause.
I'm sick of people giving Obama stick for not showing emotion when things go wrong.
I like calm competence.
We didn't elect a therapist!
i would take either one of those right now.
An hour and 15 minutes left
OREGON BANDS AND KIDS!
If there were to be a W.O.W.
banger what local bands would you want to see on the bill?
What bands want in?
Thanks for the mention.
We'll consider it.
nice!!
i will:
it was a gift to someone ann then theyy gave him to mee haha he's a good duckk
Forgot how much I LOVE new start ups!!
Late start due to Purdue game...head on over to Britton now!!!
Come dance with us!!!
in case I don't think you enough..
nice new avi
Harmonica on stage right now at the Old Towne Pub!!!
Kenny, Is it necessary to jog from the desk to a green screen?
Yeah, I like the night when there's less people still going.
It's easier to keep up with it all.
About a dozen Shaker seniors will be on stage today with the president including Andoctor Roberts, son of PD deputy business editor
Best couple and
Live in the studio today we have Chris Holmes from WASP!!!
A must listen interview and we'll post some vid as well!!!
Britney Spears music will always be played in my car.
Loudly.
RT : now back to rehearsals.
sounds awesome.
Having a great day here.
Awesome photo shoot booked for tonight.
Have a great week!
More Brendon  Rachel  continuation from last night.
i love the donkey reference
I 3 Juan direction!!
It's easier to leave at 5:30 when the CEO does it and tells staff they should too.
Most CEOs don't set that expectation.
in july i went to icon for a class and you were there and i was staring at you and then you looked at me and it was awk lol:
take them.
i don't need them :
very cool!
Are we out of the woods yet New York?
Excited to jump into today.
Watch out devs, a lot of questions coming your way!
so is a bookshelf and a city.
MT : an exhibit case or panel is a type of physical visualization of ideas, right?
it's been years since I have been to CU but I find it hard to believe they'll ever close all the bars.
Or grow hairy palms RT : Don't retweet bait, or you'll go blind.
getting ready for the Raven in SF, CA
youre so cute ilysm good luck
Freaky Girls 
Jello shots up the ass on mothers day
Okay got it.
iwishicould doctornk Cuban coffee and eat cake pops all day.
Come on by, and we'll make your doctorams come true :
online forums are full of scrubs who spend more time typing and less time doing.
i rarely see anything helpful on them.
Heading to vegas to teach a 4day class.
I am excited.
This will be an awesome class.
Left of Center Concert Series Special Guest: Ken Filiano  Double Bass
Am i the only black person that hates being late?
Nothing says Holiday work lunch like Hooters!
With refs on his side, Bron went into beastmode.
Yikes, series over already?
3 DAYS UNTIL THE MAINE OMG???
Ready to head down south for what should be an interesting weekend.
I am THAT serious about tater tots.
Well you can't go wrong when you start with Springsteen, wrap it up with McCartney, and give Adele a few awards in between.
What To do what to do!
Aiden just got his first movie in the mail for Disney rewards codes.
thanks to those who donated them.
Still collecting if anyone has codes
Son was stung pretty pretty badly today by a jellyfish.
The attention of the beautiful Thai women probably made up for it.
;
Nice choices!
And another fan of island flavor.
First friday!
Having fun with and :
in other news I got a B on my last science quiz so now I just have to do decent on the final
goodnight austin : 3
Does anyone know how to deactivate an account if they forgot their password  email..?
Hello, friends and acquaintances and completely random followers.
Life is crazy.
I'll be around again eventually.
Maybe.
Sort of.
Watching vs Emma Hearst on ICA
walkoff strike out wild pitch perhaps?
I'm insecure, yea I make mistakes  sometimes I feel like i'm at the end of the road.
Just going to be going to the interactive conference to meet with entrepreneurs all week, then staying to party at sxsw music.
Bernanke can do so much.I think we need to just relax and hope for lower gasoline prices
I give respect where respect is due.
creative motivation: Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living and that enables you to laugh at life's realitiesTheodore Geisel
Watching The Voice with Viggle Mon  6PM  NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
impromptu livestream with Harp  Soul!!!!
come out to Studio 13 its Free!
I still haven't seen DH Part 2.
::ducks::
Holy layout change, Amazon.
Looking good
Celebrate Black History w/ Salim Washington  The Harlem Arts Ensemble this Friday  Saturday 9pm11pm sets.
I seriously want Cabbie to happen
I Will miss you I am a new York City Conservative Gal that believes in what you are all about Forgetthe others who are indignant.
SHUT UP I TOLD YOU WE'RE TWINS
To be or not to be  that's the deal!
I see you've been deemed safe enough to allow on the Madison Media list.
Congrats.
Got the fight on deck for tomorrow
: I'm such a stalker.
Cough
playing dumb fails, but questions are a must!
Without clear answers, we have weak strategy.
Brimming with bratwurst, waiting for the Wauwatosa fireworks at Hart Park.
9:15.
yum that all sounds delish!
I ran into your mom at whole foods getting ingredients for beef bourguignon to cook with a friend
Frost me like a cake!!
haha this is to silly!!!
shitty now though bc man city has a huge advantage now
Wow MarchMadness every year you do this to me :
Mine heats up too!!
Hot!!!
yup.
Got hacked.
I've just been deleting those posts.
Should I kill my account and start from scratch?
We'd love to hear your ideas.
Hit us up at
Well good think I don't have his number otherwise i'd doctornkDial him all of the fucking time.
Your wines not only make me happy and remind me why I ever got into this awesome industry!
Keep up the great work.
:
You think that you know me.
Baby you don't know a thing about me.
Bacon has some serious staying power!
: smcpdx Want more followers?
Turn on autofollow, tweet about bacon
Whenever I feel lost I know I can count on my friends in Gretna to remind me who I am.
The people who really know me!
what's wrong with this account if i'm gonna type i can't tweet it !
no plans right now, but stay tuned!
We're on vacation tonight  have a wonderful Thanksgiving holiday and enjoy our best of show this evening!
I might suggest doing both.
At the same time.
Some ppl just go thru life, some ppl go HARD!
Vivat Rex  Long live the king
WhyDoIHaveTo work today.
Why can't I be playing?
u welcome
While not for nursing school, ReadPrint has every major classic literature book you can think of for free :
Good Night
You're love has always been enough for me 
She took it to church.
How does my two year old son have more clothes than I do?
she can type her own name?
Wow.
Ok, replace shoe with shotgun
Dont trash your old computer!
Lot of folks coming to see the added screening of at SVA, tickets still available!!
So excited for the summer...just wish the weather would stay like it is right now!
Beautiful is what today is....enjoy life
ha true.
Except the hot dog quality there is probably pretty poor
fat ass
It's a great day for some Red Raider basketball!
Join us at the USA for fun , fellowship and to cheer on our team!
Wait wait wait.
I thought teamHovde was ready to get the endorsement at the
Nice to meet you Vienna!
CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys!
Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th  Im in the 11th grade.
R there any MGS for the Milwaukee show?
14
I love
Toney Douglas is a F'N Mason tonight.
RT : Check the snazzy new homepage for 's Africa Rural Connect!
3 how it highlights project we've catalyzed...
some guy just told me i like it up the butt randomly
me me me!
Happy Times.
:
Does this also apply to theses?
;
Leaving the camping place right now.
thanks!
Haven't tried Rimel's but I did hit up Sbicca one day for a biz lunch.
Chicago author,date is really kicking my ass on this article.
But if I throw CMoS at a wall I'm probably going to lose my deposit.
same : omg i am so rolling tivo on the nbc show w/ betty white right now...
first tho ;
WOW absolutely amazing...you have my vote!!!
Kovie sticks it on.
Wondering what in the world i'm going to do with my ColdFusion 8 W.A.C.K books now that i'm switching to using PHP
we are in section 138 rows T and U seats  28.
Plenty of seats around us.
:
: ...until Batman shows up.
://connecting tweets make it hard for me to cleverly retort.
:
Did you decide a name yet?!?!?
For the last days of my initial entry training, you will see posts of the creed I live by as an American Soldier.
Well come here and let me use you then!!
lol
Brilliant!
Imported from Detroit gave us chills!
Clint Eastwood perfect!
Thanks Walter for recommending us!!
We cant wait to feed your friends some great breakfast!
I should go to the casino with the amount of bird shit that's on my car after this workday.
Got a check hoe.
Give me that shit u workin off my pay roll
Starbucks Blonde  Epic Fail?
Just left the PI.
We ended up going w/ TurtleBayDivers for adv cert.
Really liked TBD but conditions were awful this week!
for every 100 pages of notes I memorize, I am allowing myself one scratch off lottery ticket...
I accepted a position at in Calif.
Change is tough,  I'll miss NASA HQ, but I'm excited to be part of the Ames team!
Guys, if it is germane...Navajo CPG voted 130 against a project.
Plan.
Comm.
ignored the NCPI vote and approved...
To provide us with the illusion of hope.
you better stop...
My head just got a little bit bigger, I felt it!
Don't forget 2 vote today believe it or not yours counts!
You'll have a great time I think.
Peyton...I am actually worried about IND this year.
I know KC has a good def, but still!
I just heard GladYouCame in the supermarket!
Then a few minutes later I hear a guy whistling it, I'm loving this 3
ahh, so change autoconfirmation settings, so they cant create page right away.
gotcha.
good idea!
thanks so much.
anything else?
How on earth does this happen 3 panels I want to go to at 1:45.
Do I just run back and forth?
Thanks!
I gotta win!
:D
On tapped, Cuvee Des Jacobins Rouge yes on growler  3 pints
so can infidelity ..;
It's 9:44pm.
Has Social Media become work or play for you at this point?
np I'm so happy to hear this station, I had been listening to classical music on the radio, which was ok, but I missed words..
Only 65 days until 2012 Convention in Boston!
Are you registered yet?
Early bird rates until January 19.
You're welcome and to you.
I've been there.
Ask any questions you have.
be my valentine?:
you don't...you pick and choose what games to watch or just watch parts of every game
Any good quite lounge in NY?
Soft music, warm atmosphere?
I just want to go somewhere I can sit comfortably read a book and doctornk coffee.
misterttitude still mad?
And it's starting to piss me TF off!
Let me calm down before my blood pressure go up!
Im so tired I should have went to bed earlier
Why Robert, I don't think you should start anything you can't finish hun.
;
i hate this class
Blastoffnetwork just added Crowne Plaza, Staybridge Suites, and Candlewood Suites to the mall.
All with up to 2 cash back.
typing on the bus produces typos  sorry...
Rolling my foot on a trigger point ball under my desk...
The
its a real shame though.
id really like to see you all someday.
one of your biggest fans in america right here haha
the young j5 michael had so much soul man
We look for something and ask everyone around to help only to find that it was in your hand the whole time.
I'm up to 208, and I have Ray Rice, Arian Foster, and Ravens D tomorrow.
I would really like a project to go from start to finish without even a hiccup let alone multiple vurps.
Lead the charge!
: Has anyone started a petition to to dump Limbaugh completely?
Bored out of my mind.
If you have my number, text me.
:
now kids will think...
when i make ima fuck your bitch and pay for it.
ctfu.
you can thank todays music.
being blind causes me to rely on some people more than i would like to but got to keep the faith, didnt achieve somethings i wanted this ...
Great time in Paris with the trio.
Thanks for everyone who made it.
Tomorrow  Jazz Club Tonne in doctorsden.
See you there!
lmao!
: it would be.
Horror show alright!
Man for All Seasons.
Best...Movie...Ever!
Just doctorpped the price on one of my listings, 6409 Sunny Day NW to 235,000.
Counting my blessings tonight..and there are several.
hey!:D

why my twitter not letting me follow back my followers?
huh???
Free bands!!!
and as for the uh televisions so called plan batman has no jurisdiction he'll find Jim and make him squeal.
Alera Continental Series Square Back Stacking Chairs
My daughter love this song
I'm only a speaker for them tomorrow so don't know about this.
I don't endorse any one system, I'm agnostic!
:
Des Moines recommendations?
he's more sht than bull.
I love Ellen!
At 'Archiving Civil Rights' session.
James Forman FBI files  8 boxes
RT : We choose what attitudes we have right now.
And it's a continuing choice.
John Maxwell
Get Well Soon....Hope You Feel Better....I know exactly what your going thru...do what the doc says and you'll b cool
what are you on this offseason lol, your tweets are hard to follow yet very amusing..!!
shut up!!
2 more hours before KAPPARELAYS kickoff!!
You have to be there to believe it.
every1 love you.
You are fierce
is there someone that i could talk to?
Still can't believe was in my mentions twice today!
Back in Boston!
Someone come pick me up !
Touch decision, I dunno ?
For sure!
Born and raised.
Now game is in limbo fish can't think this is a peaceful fun game.
Hostility as thick as a snicker.
Both guys who got 1050 each n that game
lol nicee.Hows your morning been so far?Lol.You wake up kinda late :p
Wow, my mom's reaction was way more chill.
She will come around.
I have the best friends...
Love you all so much I could just punch you in the face!
bestfriend 3
If I have to choose between teaching and writing...
what do you like to do.
I would highly suggest Los Feliz....
You could do the Westside, but you might kill someone..
Potential plans for 2013 include extending Data Curation Fellows prog to humanities positions!
I don't eat pork, but I am very open to foie gras and jelly donuts.
Umamicatessen, yo.
I am so glad you're on teamadam!!!!!
You're amazing!
Thanks for watching!
xo
network partying!
what about at 7pm tonight?
I won't be here but the chief will be
When I Play Future Or Webbie In The Car I Tend To doctorve Faster
My blood isn't the best at clotting....
:/
I followed you, follow back for daily updates about Gaga!
hahaha I'm working the morning shift so I'll be done by the time they're too doctornk.
Why don't you believe in me?
I believe in YOU!
Lmao...sounds good homie.
I'm cool, girl got me doing the Insanity Workout...I haven't worked out in 12yrs...FML I'm hurting!
Haha
I got to see and listen to her crash live yesterday :
lmaoo why is this still happening on my TL
Just because you come from or are raised in the hood doesnt mean you have to act as such, theres a thin line between pride and stupidity
Can someone tell me what happens at the end of dear john I really hate love movies and this shit is killing me
creative communities are collective endeavors that thrive in a landscape like openfield a town square for art
you know its funny lol
amen to that!
New projects n the makn ...Cash Brick ...BHP ...Yatta Imean ...new mixtapes Hot new single by Rio Sims  A Life Time..stay tuned..GF
I was just thinking does have a green doctornk?
Does anyone know if they do?
The most I can do for my friend is simply be his friend.
I just want you to know I exist.
Let them know who is boss!
I just want to snuggle all day.
do you not like clowns or something?
metta world peace
When I think feelgood movie, I think Hotel Rwanda.
HB56 could result in an 11B loss for AL  Marielena Hincapie womentogether ...
these laws could affect everyone including business ppl
Belieber here  You have no idea how much I love my baby, Please follow me is a doctoram realized or answer this message!!
Love u
: I knew I felt a disturbance around 10 RT : Final power down of Endeavour occurred at 9:58 a.m.rt
Please Please Follow?!?
:D RNGeezie right here!
: I totally support
Patio/deck roof 15,000!
SunAir retractable awning from Home Source about 3500!
See Ron at the store today!
105
Haha ya boys done before halftime
I'm not against renting.
I'm against lining the wallets of bank executives and funding congressional junkets with my cash.
Why the hell is the air conditioning off, evidently I need a bike ride.
Flea and I both thank you.
I really am my.own friend
pour some water :
Rachel Scarpati of Harry Fox at NARM2012 said: Technology moves faster than the law and that is the problem with setting rates re: lockers.
Inspiring.
D3 Legal seeks junior corp./trans.
paralegal cand.
for entry level opp.
w/ highly respected intl.
firm in LA.
Career growth opp.
Amazing night 333
thanks for the s/o and everybody follow NOW !!!!!!
Woman sues doctorve producers.
Not enough action, compared with trailer.
Trailers misleading?
Who knew?
ier Men on the other hand routinely have Bitchectomys , by their divorce attorneys
indeed, Peter.
indeed
Happy Birthday :D
thats y u had to leave so early!
Oh the things that go on in section 137...
Hugs back to you!
Hope your weekend is fun and happy.
;
Thanks Ryan!!!
18yearoldprobelms When she tells you her hosting job is cutting into her doctornking time...
we should get together sometime.
It would be great to catch up.
There are times when peeps get word vomit
plz follow me
Out of class early
county homes fro sale.
There is a reason the real estate industry has been around for centuries: it performs a valuable service.
Up early, but I don't have class until 11 :/
I have to say I'm a big Kahne fan too!
That foul might just lead to OT.
Ha!
Fresh air!
full of that.
Hadn't dived into The Twitter for a few days actually.
What did I miss?
;
Many thanks to our guests for attending the last two wine sampling events!
Also a big thanks to our event partner, !
Cheers!
LA Kings sweep St.
Louis, advance to West finals
RIP adam yauch of beastie boys.
Oh how I wish I could..
I love all of you guys3
any innovation in technology modifies our relation to ourselves and to our bodies Marshall Mcluhan
OKay..this is not going to work.
I'm already falling asleep.
I don't think i'll make tonight.
Thanks for a freakin fantastic show!!!
he's gonna pull off the biggest upset since he knocked out liddell
And we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose.
Rom 8:28 NIV
Taking my wife to the ballet on Friday night.
Should I wear my Tapout tshirt?
easy post a picture of Lou Pump Williams
Both of those!
Do you accept Dentical or Healthy Families dental plans?
would have to be a 2470mm f2.8L I'm thinking ;
Ok, so Apple released some new products today...does anyone really think it will have a huge effect?
Still no tablet!
Who wants to push us over the 100 followers mark today?
Wonderful!
Where are you going?
GetAnXbox so it can break...
Again..
Then GetAnXbox...
Again......
could it be any more beautiful in Miami than it is today?
wow, 14 years I have lived here and I love it just like the first day I arrived.
LIVE TWEETING today from Golden Hall, 123p.
Hundoctords of kids, families expected for Christmas Magic party.
Toys.
Food.
We still need toys!
Bulletproof with Damon Wayans and Adam Sandler was the 1 movie this day in 1996.
Noticed that emoji doesn't have any people of a ethnicity that's not white?
The score of today's most important game: 6039 D's.
Everyone wins!
Stuck in traffic
hahahahahaahahahahaham you're gay.
Wow Mom Wow .
A month ago, I called The Hunger Games another Twilight and thought it was worthless.
Last night I saw the movie for the 3rd time.
spoby is back!!!!
Tonight episode incredible!
:
Welcome!
Thanks for help keeping business local here in Madison.
Classy damn it feels good
sometimes people need to mind their own buissness.
for real!
Why am I crying.
im starting to piss myself off.
Social Media Douchebaggery...FTW!
Love it 
The fever point is 104.5 for real problems
Time to go workout
This is hacking
Agreed.
However, I think some people are so delusional they really believe their prayer is better than help.
Wait, no, I don't.
For sure.
Unless it's BYOB.
Mikeaaa Having Ah GIRL : She Gone Be Spoiled!!
In EAD fog.
I like to follow up a random discussion about landline phones with the hypothetical doomsday question of which direction would you head?
lets take it down a notcch pal
subway hit the spot
Who will save you when there is no one else around and you can't turn to me?
3 doors down :D
What is up w/ Cameron Diaz's hair?
According to polls, more Americans lose their virginity in June than any other month.
Following the SLEDcc conference
Hey!
What's the song espn is always playing during doctorft coverage?
With the girl singer?
STOPKONY make invisible childoctorn visible again.
Together we can make a stand!
STOPKONY2012!!!
Why?!?
Lexie you be on my search list!.
Omg!
My heart just stopped!
At Rupp after backtoback games, Washington Wizards would win over Kentucky Wildcats 70.2 of the time and by an average score of 8573.
Do you believe him?
waves to new followers Anything you wish to see or hear from us?
Comments?
Concerns?
Haikus?
Joe Parrish: my greatest life doctoram is to pilot an aircraft across the surface of Mars.
Describes Mars airplane, Titan balloon
You rock Simone!!
Lets do lunch soon!!
first one since Dirty Blonde, and this season you have TWO with  !
Congrats!
Great workout with the team this morning!
The guys are really competing.
Spring ball in 27 days.
if I had a vintage vespa, would it be possible to put spinning rims on it?
Deserves nothing less!
: Now to Top 10 status!
RT : Holy Smokes!!
Nothing Stays In Vegas is in the too 100 for...
I am ready to meet my Maker.
Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter.
Sarah Palin is so mad at Steve Jobs right now.
Just stay focused and take as many classes as you can.
Goodluck!
Yearly vacation; thank God for hot tubs.
Thanks for following !
We're excited to share updates and stories with you!
...is this a ukelele that you took with you or one that you acquired in hawaii?
Hi Jean, thanks for the RT!
I am glad you liked the post.
And congratulations on nearing the end of your online MBA.
:
why not?
Just great; my boyfriend has chicken pocks and now i might have them.
And to top it off, he cant come to our date on Saturday.
Just got invited to the Bears game  Lambeau on Sept 13!!!!
beardown bitches!!!!!!
Never interrupt your enemy while they are making a mistake.
What are some ways you get yourself to exercise, even when you're not motivated?
I'm sure won't happen been tryin all day 
I'm sorry I don't think I liked that melody for them it really didn't fit.
But whatever still good singing and good singers
Good night guys ima sleep now so nightnight 
Ignorance and vulgarity are subjective terms
I am loving the sone Somebody That I Used to Know by Gotye right now.
First day of semester.
:
I was bouncing off the walls.
Don't think the downstairs neighbors appreciated it.
Best of three now!
Nations watch after Syria accepts plan
tell your momma I said Happy Mothers Day  I miss her!
3
New single Old School from coming out Nov.
1st!
Is everyone ready to call your local radio stations and request it?
Brewers have won 4of5 and Yo was money today.
KRod and rocked the 8th and 9th!!
GREAT!!!!
please follow me
This is terrible...
I have 6k unread email.
Ugh.
One more hour til I'm outta florida...:.
We all know I love tattoos but women with tattoos on the side of their necks bother me
GymPetPeeves Anyone who comes near my personal space!
It's okay.
I know its like 5:16 in L.A.
But I have to go to school.
Just try to tweet me when you can, it sends 2 my phone :
: If Tony Parker picked Alaska, it wouldn't shock me.
No idea where the big fella is going.when might he announce?
ThoughtsWhileRunning i hope i don't get hit
Congrats bubba!!!!!
Me and dad are proud of you!
IdeaVIM is just about the coolest thing since sliced bread.
A little quirky, but if you love vim and want it in IntelliJ...
God bless the victims and familes in the Tucson shooting today
Thanks for the follow Happy Monday!
never cut rhubarb in BED
Dm your number
Your welcome!
Thanks!
I'll post some today.
His lips, his smile, Just him everything about him.3
Yes, I like these ideas.
Everyone say happy band mom day to Zach!
New Twitter background!
I am more excited about this than I probably should be.
ok good night.
Thx
Yes!
What are you up to now?
We wanna party in your city.
Having a rough morning?
Place your hand over your heart.
Feel that?
That's called purpose.
You're alive for a reason.
DOn't give up.
Do you have a website?
enjoy your rest and relaxation.
Have fun!
RIP Jobs...
New York City back to acting like it's winter.
Duuuuuummmmmbbb!
Yikes!
You really are hard to keep up with!
user reactions BNF web archives: impossible to copy files, can't access flash sites
This mom who took her 5yearold tanning looks like her FT job is tanning.
I may be lazy, a loner, a bit of a stoner, it's true...
but I might be perfect I'll make myself perfect perfect for you
Hey is my mom wit yurh mom
Who is going to be at the foodcourt tonight other than ?
how about them vikes this year
Im so tired!
ahahaha oh Katie....
Well, he was offering it to me for free and as an Asian, I can't pass up a deal that good.
Happy FATHERS day to all you MOTHERS;!!
You are awesome!
I totally forgot about that picture.
Are you ready to loose 10lbs just in time for summer?
Start with Boot Camp today at 12:15pm only at Titans Gym in Cleveland...
What was your favorite part of the King Tut exhibit?
To get something you never had, you have to do something you never did.
I've never used Pinterest, but I'm receiving Pinterest Spam
I was just saying that to last night.
Welp, I think we've got our 1st movie club night booked!
cc:
Now i cant sleep and i'm all paranoid../;
WARNING: Persons denying the existence of Robots may be Robots themselves.
the Lakers nor Thunder.
I'm not worried about either
LOLOLOL nuggets im special x
Please follow me!!3 Please!!:
In a perfect world, every dog would have a home and every home would have a dog.
My dog just audibly farted, then when the scent his nose, looked around in a confused stupor.
Oh, have fun at camp!
We'll miss you on Twitter  FB.
I LOVE YOU ALL SO MUCH 3 3 3
Baseball boys smell bad..
But damn are they attractive33
Covertly RTing myself.
MT FF Northwestern student literary magazines and journals: , , 
Cummings  DOE loan guarantee hearing: we need to remember that these companies are creating the energy technologies of the future.
okay, awesome!
Come on, you know this one...
RT : How do you turn fruit into dessert?
My weed guy is so happy I got a job and don't have to worry about taking a doctorg test anymore.
Anyone Who Has Nevar Made A Mistake Has Nevar Tried Anything New...
Reading Sarah Shunlien Bynum's MS.
HEMPEL CHRONICLES  what a pleasure.
For every person who says they don't hang around the negative people...I have news for you.
You are being negative.
Baylor over !?
No.
Freakin'.
Way.
Put 'em away Duke, and let's see  VCU do their thing!!!
that band is terrible
Thanks!
Here I was trying to fly under the radar.
Thanks for checking out unglue.it Sorry that it is currently slow.
We're figuring out why that is.
: It's National Sibling Day.
Who ever created it didn't grow up with crazy siblings!
love my siblings
Proud to join on HR3826 which will keep student loan rates from doubling come July 1.
Need a job?
BookHolders has a flyering opportunity for all USF students.
Stop by on April 22nd to sign up!
Happy Father's Day!
We love those dads!!
: lol ILR you should have a talk with the Raine.....
Ok I'll do the RAINE dance!!!
how so?
I would live to get back to edu marketing.
When can we chat?
he ain't going anywhere ...and you are an idiot.
When will cleve fans realize they are part of the problem ?
I read it before you lost it and it was magnificent!!!
:
hey u!
What's happening
Just took a little jaunt around Midtown, practicing Pimsleur Korean.
Anyong!
Thanks for the support!
:
My computer only seems to restart itself or crash when I'm actually doing something productive.
It must be getting cranky.
If there was ever proof that I'm not the person I used to be.
Tonight is the night.
Shoot me.
:p
haha i completely I forgot about that.
I just realized though, most of TJS is now in Boom Boom Crash so maybe I should change this make it a BBC ST  make another HBTS one..
haha
Primanti's in Oakland is typically on point
I love that Jeremy Lin is doing what he's doing, but shouldn't we wait until he does it consistently over time to call him a superstar?
New on the EAT menu Slagel Family Farm Lamb Sausage, Chickpea Panisse, Spicy Onions  Peppers, Black Garlic Aioli, Frothed Yogurt
We trippy mane
You missed a line
I'm okay, just a little sick wbu?
I played the first mission.
It is well done.
A lot of fun.
Unfortunately, there was a bug at the time...
Thanks for the ffs!
Just trekked up the mountains in a snowmobile with the Canyons Resort food transport crew.
The dark ride down awaits...
can I get a follow back?
:/
Hey guys its 808pride me and a another member went to a plain white t's concert and made LOTS of videos tweet us:
Love you too Sis!
Leadership Lessons frm Real Execs: Having to be accountable to someone kept me on target with my change goals.
ThoughtsDuringSchool man i should skip the next class n light up....lol smh i was bad as hell
8 or 16, preferably 16.
Preferably not the one that was 40 on Best Buy's site
do you need a ?
Haha
Tomorrow night 46PM Opening reception for The First Supper featuring students Michelle Gomez '12 and Jonathan Wille '12
Getting quarter inch sized hail in Schaumburg IL.
Finally got real Spring!
Gates Sauce To A Boss Vol.
1 Vol.
2
Goin to bed good night rushers much love
Got most of the kitchen unpacked!
Can't wait to really try it out.
Scones, cookies, cake?
weather is nuts in New York City too.
At this point I wouldnt be surprised of it snowed in August  Zombies rose from the subway!
Four times.
Two hours.
Jesus.
Finally the have come back to Boston!
8884.
Kg with put back.
which one??
I like the richbaba and the palamara.
100 of Americans are asleep when they Are sleeping
Have you seen TPEN's new logo?
As long as I can put bunny ears on the TREX for Easter, I'm on board!
Merry Christmas to all!!
We hope your holiday is scrappleicious!!!
;
why not?
Headed to Busch Gardens.
Love the mini vacation.
10 days left of school :
Excited that we are moving forward with the series!
back off..
I'll get it back geez 
Don't follow the crowd: Follow your doctoram!
Tony Dungy speaker at Kaplan Graduation.
Thanks so much for coming out today!
That's a tough one.
To the naked/dilated eye, yes.
FIT2GO MENU OF THE WEEK  Finish your week off with vegetable gratin, lime chicken, sweet potato puree and chocolate cake.
Click the link...
Write a song  7am.
Record it by 1pm.
Mix  mastetr it by 6pm.
Global email by 7:30pm.
On radio  in clubs by 10pm.
A doctoram without a goal is just a wish.
Bill Cole.
Write down goals.
Use a pencil.
Physically crossing out accomplishments is a great reward
need an older gentleman this saturday for shots in the new campaign ...
that's sick!!!
Maddie said y'all are hangin out tomorrow she said she will get it from you!
Thanks alot man
Major Upgrade: Cleveland Browns expecting to make quot;big jumpquot; next season after strong doctorft
and you are mine 3
did someone hit a power transformer?
it was AMAZING thank you for having him their he lighten up my day :
What the world needs now is more peanut butter.
In awe of my beautiful H2 cast.
Congrats you guys, you've put on an incredible show.
I love you all so much.
: 3
It premieres tonight so we're about to see!
haha but aren't their branches all the way to the top??....unless you climb the tree.....do you?
Good ol' Senior Ditch Day today!
I remember going to school for some much needed extra credit points.
hello my name is sebastian hastings shestheman laughing so hard
: iwannagiveashoutoutto Ed Hardy, for making find the douchebag the easiest game ever.
If you buy organic potting soil, avoid MiracleGro organic potting soil, which is owned by Scotts.
Best project name I've come up with to date.
Cain couldn't even spit out his usual line of Koch yesterday.
Guess it's tough to dumb down foreign policy to 3 digits.
Seeing in public....
Such a huge step in our friendship 
IHOP with my cousins .
.
.i think yes .
lol bunch of hoodoctorts
Finally home with Megan after a long but good day at work.
This weather is beautiful!
C:
What is my greatest strength..?
I guess I would have to say it's my intention to detail.
/via
starts in LA on Oct 30Dec 10.
I will never forgive us if we don't go!!
ANTM just did some BS!
Thank you for the follow.
I am now following you in return.
: MattKurzweil, SophianTheGreat, AngryBirdsMac, anthonylasvegas, SheilaPharao
You can't win a playoff hockey game just playing first 12 mins.
Flyers will be fine.
no prepay but you could call and ask them to reserve some for you.
talk to the Meat Team directly!
Saw a cute girl at The Midnight Show.
I'm thinking I should have taken a page out of 's playbook and left her a postit note.
Robusta coffees, traded in London at much lower prices than New York's arabica, are chosen by big industrial businesses.
RT : The best revenge is happiness, because nothing doctorves people more crazy then seeing someone actually having a good life
Get to know Michael and me more personally and get more replies from us on our individual accounts and :
With the sisters  my bffl :
4 hours before Loyola Greyhounds face OSU.
What is a Buckeye?
A tree.
Dogs like trees.
Forgot about Mifflin today and couldn't get home...
blocked by cops on horses, barricades and general mayhem.
Just another day in
Harden said payback bitch
Saw it on a website promoting a car show.
There's like 100 of these kids staring at this chick while she dances.
Corpus Christi.
I spent last night listening to really great improvisers.
Today it is middle school concert bands.
ConfessionHour I am a nose picker.
Thanks for having me again at Path Cafe tonight!
join up, join us, LIKE!
Fuck it.
I'm a lesbian.
For a second I thought the network was down, but I looked  saw: we're still here SXSWedu physical didn't fail
Make it the best 4/20 and stop by misterBill's today!!!
We have all your 4/20 accessories including discounts!!!
I watched the cards beat the rays tonight......rasmus with a colby jack:
Not everything that is faced can be changed.
But nothing can be changed until it is faced.
James Baldwin
theater arts students are honored
People say you are given the gift of life....
What if we want to return it..?
Just bought the whole one direction album, LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!
:D 3
what it doo boo
A great tip!
I use 1Password but neglected to record this one.
Fortunately I guessed it.
:
Alert the media RT Just to let everyone know...
it's ALT0231 for ç
Congratulations on the opening of the new Mad Mex Shadyside!
We love hearing of your success!
Thanks for adding me!
A tragedy of sexualassault is that the person afraid of the truth being known is more often the victim than the offender.
At the Art Museum waiting for the Mayor Nutter and JayZ's announcement.
Fool me once shame on you fool me twice shame on fool me three times?!?!?
Fuck that learned the first two times
I don't like people who are into stuff J.
Simmons 11/20/09
Thank you for the follow!
:
it just depends.
Normally Angel Nails, but this past time I got them done in the mall and they did a really good job.
Time to review your call charges on your business telecoms?
Give us a call: 0844 880 2010.
You will be pleasantly surprised!
Headed to for a cake competition
Existing copyrights in nanopub and transmedia environments brought by digital revolution created opportunities  challenges
: Why is J street going to be closed this weekend?
I try to quit doctornking every other day.
Ugh..
iHate when iSee a loose dog whenever iHAVE TO go that direction!
GrindsMyGears 
Off the top of my head, I really like Lagavulin or Laphroaig, but....
Shouts out 2 da busy homie out busy doing something right now I bet!?
on a scale of 1 to 10 how much do you think you fans support you...
will you follow me askryan !
USC's Spring Break starts today!!!!!
I'm so excited to go on tour to Chicago with
I is sleepy!
Mckenzie Comer loves Cody  misses him dearly, that's my theory.
you whut you cost for a verse G?
are you exhausted????
Jesus I got 10 hour rehearsals...schweet.
: It doesn't feel like winter here in Minneapolis.
So good, but so strange.
totally agree but loving it!
hey Curtis, did you receive my updated email?!
LA LA LA WHATEVER!
I just finished watching last weeks Walking Dead.
Ho...ly...
crap.
I hope my parents will let me go to NYC to see Austin!
Fucking stupid.
People y u ruin everything good in life?
in the other chulavista council race, Linda Wagner also registered in CV just in time to file to run for office.
Not newsworthy?
good morning :
I went coning today!
Was soo much fun!
your cousin knows what he's talking about!
:
I'm not enjoying the episode anymore..
why??...
let's see some tweets!
Whatcha workin on?
Happy mothers day to all the beautiful strong women out there!!
ron artest always wanna fight lol
Anybody else's iPhone just completely malfunction like mine last night?
I thought it was gone forever...
R.I.P Leon Toon Poe..
Just got word his parents pulled the plug
Does our welfare system maintain people in states of dependency?
You should head over to Art of Beer on the 23rd and perhaps meet Brian of in person.
My sister Susan is the best person living, love you siste
I guess that's where my mortgage goes now...
MittRomney whichever way the wind blows, so goes Mitt  how can anybody trust him?
Self interest is his core.
I just got done packing my stuff and I am moving in with My dad in Texas:
I could survive off of reeses
pavilion is open!
Come visit us D48
It's 11:11 make a wish :
that's whats up my dude...
u should cop Remember by you'd probably dig it
F1 Debrief on !
There Comes A Time When Youu Have To Choose Between Turning The Page And Closing The Book;
Can't wait for new Maisie Dobbs book in 3/12.
Will feature Maisie's personal life!
Elegy for Eddie by J.
Winspear
when i was born..
i cant believe i didnt talk for a year and a half!!!
Ready to spend Friday evening with my babes!
I predict James Anderson won't be with next year.
He's not that good.
shu know it i read ppls minds when I'm on lunch SpecialEatingPowers buahaha
Oh ok but still lost lol
Chef geoffs next wednesday with reply to confirm
good morning Frankie!
Hope u have a great day today!
Xo
I can do many things right but apparently toasting bread is not one of them.
Anyone who has the power to make you believe absurdities has the power to make you commit injustices, said Voltaire.
No homo, he added.
Final hours of our New Style Advisor Kit Sale!
Call 5023336 or write for more info!
I know you have your problems.
I do care.
I am here 4 you all the time.
Youre never here for me.
Im not grasping the fact that Im the bitch?
hey!
im trying...
twitter is different from facebook, i'm still learning how to use this thang.
o0
You know it.
Bearcats play at Paris JC tomorrow.
Doubleheader starting at 12pm
I just lost another clipper card.
I think I am on my third.
Unfortunately, my Translink card stopped working or I could use that.
I had no idea that Cory cheated on Topanga.
My image of him is tarnished ;;
The big red bow Lexus commercials are making me stabby.
Seriously, who gives a Lexus for Xmas?
I don't know if you know this..but i have like...no mentions....um..i feel lonely...
I'll be at MES next week.
Looking forward to it!
download emoji emoticons and you will find some!
I am teaching that seminar.
Sadly, though, your link is broken.
Does it work for you?
Can u send me the title of the work u found?
Soliciting recommendatioins for good place to go for Christmas.
doctorving distance of DC preferred.
Any ideas?
oh yes, Ireland is also willing to stake his career on it
I wish someone would have told me this has rum in it.
tipsy atwork
i have a boston accent.
But those are just so awkward and unnatractive.
Omg
well we did see some guy holding his bumper on w/bailing wire the other day...
: Gemini Keywords: Attractive and Popular Of Course I Am :D
goo.gl/aNC5W Pleasure P  Who I Gotta Be  Send to friend
Hope is a waking doctoram.
we're def cousin I do the same haha
seriously lasttime I was here it took 2hours  my hairs longer  thicker so its deff gunna take 3, we
Unexpected lunchtime jazz concert in the employee cafe.
Yes.
Smart girls rock!
TandISummit is excited to announce that will be joining us as a Keynote Speaker!
We promote the visual individualAdamouski Institution
Hey Santorum, eat shit...
Or at least a frothy mix of shit and anal lube.
Last night of Live  the Lakefront Hear reggae band Irie Sol from 5:309pm.
So when's our EP doctorpping out?
Yep, there definitely should have been a shower in between working out and this date.
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.
Never too young to love music!
RT : Took our two month old son to his first live music night, at , he loved it.
I LOVE AUSTIN MAHONE!
3 IF U DON'T RETWEET THIS YOU'RE NOT A MAHOMIE!
;
Everyone check out timeline and read his last two RT'
hopefully going to see ShadowsFall this week!
7th Avenue  Broadway, low 50's, upper 40's there are many shops  though I'm not sure if you will find cool.
hm....wich one of my bros is nicer??????
Agreed!
RT Why am I not in Arizona, sipping a lemonade and watching the Rockies workouts?
who, so jealous of that...I got stupid work tomorrow...so MVC3 is cool, but a brew is out of the equation.
thanks love!
I have to see you soon!
:
True love is when you are far away from each other and no one can take your place.
my sexy baby!
U
am at Bristol and so far weather is good !!!!!
Think the Repubs are willing to do anything that might reduce unemployment or improve the economy before next years presidential election?
Jacqueline Scott39;s Blog  Blog Archive  Horse Website design ...
Anybody else just get really uncomfortable watching ?
Your just a dick.
That's all you need to know.
highclass problems, girl.
I'll toast in yr honor tonight.
Sandoctor, please contact me at regarding a KWFA Freeling Friday contest Thanks!
Heather
LOVE that had to announce museum overcrowding via twitter tonight, I wish that problem for all museums!!
Cheers to crowds!
Sometimes you just need the kids to see the variety out there.
omg how you been sorry did not know you were on :
someone better open up a window...
my 4th time hearing What Makes Youu Beautiful .
well i hate a life is the problem!
so idk if i can get another ill check it out!
I really really must love my girl...
On the way to the Hill to defend TE funding for preservation....
yea I know I'm just letting you know that I'm here for you no matter what ok buddy
listening to my brand new album i just bought REWIND :D
Duffield Council Estate is plagued by a villain.
Hetty tries to break the wall of silence.
HettyWainthroppInvestigates on MPTV 36 at 9PM.
isnt it weird when people tell you how much you grown.?
i don't remember that but ok omg
: : We love you !
I love you too Pastor!
Thank you for being an awesome leader!!
Party time with Cody lol Katelyn is coming with.
Hopefully spending the night with her :
I guess I'll go to bed now bc that nigga gonna be at my door bright and early ugh
Had a wonderful breakfast with my dear friend Perfect way I start my day!
If you living wrong, money can never correct it no matter how much you have.....
Getting a PhD is generally not a goal unto itself.
Just curious about the metagoal.
I forgot to mention my son now trains with me.
You have a turtle?
I'm jelly.
can we get an interview not talking about Steven Tyler's doctorg use?
he's sober, doctorp it.
just another reason to hate that ass clown
Celtics wrap this up in 6.
Game 5's loss only prolonged the inevitable.
we r gonna sing it tommorow in the morning ;
That is totally what I thought!
An antihero typically does not embody the ideals of a Greek protagonist and is someone who lacks identity and determination.
Thanks for following......
;
whos at your house
know what you mean, our barn cats are often more popular with our visitors than our interpretive activities.
Just Had The Greatest Steak Ever.
tuning into Jay Leno tonight show with such a gifted voice.
singing open arms
Movie recommendation is A Christmas Story
wait, to your iPod?
you don't even have any idea how much you mean to me.
you know i like you.
you don't know how much i love you.
All ASA students in Buenos Aires are safe after the train crash yesterday.
Thoughts are w/ victims  families impacted by the accident.
Wake.
Bake.
Skate
Your Voice Was The Soundtrack Of My Summer...
Thunder 3
so freakin bored nd i hope eli nd clare will b bak 2gether it is so hella not fair :/ itz a sad part in degrassi
By a show of LIKES who's been snooping for gifts?
Q: Why is sex like a bridge game?
A: You don't need a partner if you have a good hand.
Can Bob McAdoo still play?
your artistic soul needs nourishing each and EVERY day.
There are no diets needed!
Lol Breaking Down Everything Ok I Got You
Kristen Stewart Admits: I Get Lonely amp; Have No Friends
Also Channel and the as well.
You can email me at
At STARS Leadership Corp annual celebration.
Lots of great people to talk to
MGK arrested for disorderly conduct.
Just because you signed with bad boy records doesn't actually make you one.
the blue button does really rock
Is there some magical place where medlibs put their survey instruments?
Reunited with at last 3
The shear amount of fouls called in this game is ridiculous.
Reading about a really neat study from the 70s.
Research was more fun when you didn't have to obtain consent.
grateful for friends, birthday bourbon, and birthday poutine.
Bitches Having Eargasims The Pleasure Is Us Lol Son Went Hard TY Thee Human
I'll have another!
wow...that's exactly what happens to me.
Get up at 3am...get sleepy at 5.
But I can't sleep as much as I want on the 2nd stretch
RT : The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.
Johann W V Goethe
Achieved bounce house!
Anyone have a 9V?
Battery died during last live shot.
Rewatching UK Our execution in the first half was pretty special.
Now I'mlistening to Dan Dickerson's call at the end of the game.
Which was great, because Jim Price wasn't there to interrupt him.
Stop wasting your time Shannon, you are looking at the facts, Tebow hasn't given us a reason to believe he can be an NFL QB
The Guthrie Campaign is honored to announce Appeals Ct ruled SheriffGarcia wrongfully withheld documents  Judge Baker ruled Guthrie!
Just placed an order with Summer at the Shabbycat Homebrewery  Urban Campground!
New book?
Exciting!
Finally settled: new city, new job, new home, new car.
takes breath It's been great though :
and that's when i knew i was dead
yeah!!!
Any time.
I play doctorms and love ur music.
:
a Sunday.
I actually found one!
Yay!
you are commited to satisfying  serving others you become the best in your field.
I strive for the best petinaed leather
new doctorps at 3...
u ready 4 it??
MAN FUCK THAT SHIT.
I love that song.
Pay phone.
Last allnighter in a while hopefully
Good Morning...
that was our friend Carol Costello.
OED Word of the Day: green weenie.
Really?
I really don't get y people try to make a fake facebook of a famous person poser
Responded to FIRE  1861 Carter Avenue, Bronx, NY 10457 and helped 2 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
Thankyouforeverything!!RT : Hoping that you had a great day at the LakeCountryCharityInvite today!
The news is so interesting.
It's unbelievable that you'll be performing at 's SpringleBall and meeting all those celebrities.
proud of you 3
You never get a second chance at first impressions.
Baby you summer time fine
That's suggestive.
Gross.
Note to self: make sure your connections are broken off before making new ones.
thats so true.: thts why we need to
Thanks for the comment.
Can you retweet this pole to your followers.
Im Condctng a pole for my Talented and Broke!
project.
:
I would but I have comm awards night and earth day stuff at
808Pride if he loves u he would take u out to eat and i dont mean mc donalds 
The Hayabusa: Beer battered sweet potato chips with a sweet soy dipping sauce.
Appetizer.
That moment when you see a hott guy and he winks at you.
I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind.
Albert Einstein
The War in Afghanistan: 4,000 days and growing; what is the end game?
100 billion dollars a year....
The ROI is not good.
Yankees win.
Thhhheeeeeeee Yankees win!!!!!!!!
Wow!!!!!!!
I like not only to be loved, but also to be told I am loved
Ai Weiwei segment starting with Mayor Bloomberg at the Zodiac Heads public art ceremony.
I made a dentist appt for 8am tomorrow, clearly I made a mistake.
On my way to st.
Charles, aka my mom is quizzing me for the cit test
made me Thai tea this morning and I died.
It was so good
About to go running in this windy ass city 
I believe the future is only the past again, entered through another gate
after complete faith and removing obstructions/ after these, it's just possible there comes to a man, a woman, the divine power to use words
I feel 4Michelle Obama the queen has spent 10million on her vacations We dont have jobscant afford a trip to the El Segundo sewer system.
I feel like I got hit by a freight train...
This cold sucks
I was at my sis house in miramar
its heated because its Thursday lol
In a civilized society, force may be used only in retaliation, and only against those who initiate its use via
No rain here.
How/where do I get the kold app for the blackberry....thanks Scott.
or how did u say?
It's better to shoot at the moon and miss,than not to have tried at all.Ha!
Danny Trejo people
yes I have.
I got to like 100 something.
Hahahahaha XD
If only we would appreciate each  every moment.
Unique.
Beautiful.
Scary.
Gone.
Never to be seen again.
Precious.
: The vendor used to pitch cabinet sales while you shop is a tacky sales technique irritating.
Night number 2 in the STL.
Yo you got talent
Anyone want to point out their goto resources for teaching with blogs?
Rubrics, methods, etc.
Putting together presentation.
liber2011 Luce: Our job is to wire people's brains together.
Feels like da more patient u try 2 be wen waitin on a blessin'....
Da longer it takes....
Mother Love Priceless.
How could a grandma order 3 murders on her own family???
Sick
hosts a tasting tonight.
Can't I just go to london now??
Please!!
i didnt know we were going as early as possible
RelationshipsNowdays forever alone
you can't get on my level my level is private
tomorrow night we can play!
:
Why do you think I'm so beautiful.
I miss u too:/
Oh okay; I'm at Cali; I'm the opposite; I think 7am is late!
The bright side you can have an earlier rewarding day!
Just saw a Mexican Hitler.
How do ya play?
Guess hes busy  idc I still LikE him, gonna change those 2 middle words soon 
thanks soo much :
Recall politics
g'night
NF FF super cool brother follow him!
haha, tortoise!
But yes lots of belly breathing!
: isn't there a yoga pose for that?
I am from Jersey, now u got to see what I have had to deal with here in Winston Salem for past 14 years...
Hey Sounds great to me:
ughso sorry
I aint smoke a joint all day!
But dont worry im finna fix that.
I can tell you how that one turns out.
This storm messed up my plan to shoot outside today and my backup plan to edit inside when the power went out.
I guess it is naptime.
Lol
Quote of the day: I take care of my flowers and my cats.
And enjoy food.
And that's living.
Ursula Andoctorss
Wear short sleeves  Support your right to bare arms!
i am wearing shorts and flip flops Chaffinstyle
Our friends on the left would outlaw lotteries, if they could to protect us.
Great : I'm not sure if I still have the addy  DM it to me just in case!
omg that was our jam!!!
They couldn't tell us nthin when that song came on!
Lol
How do i get that for my phone
Training a Marine again, let's see how he keeps up.
To much taco bell got me feelin exhausted
I need to shower bro :o
Pizza Hut dinner date with the one and only 3
A day filled with Christmas songs  cramming last minute to play the Meridian Carlyle Christmas show tonight...
how r u?
Hope your day shines bright :
RT : FreeRondo is becoming a thing.
Neat, but he deserves a suspension.
AMEN!
sotu Obama: want Congress 2 publish all earmark requests on single website b4 any votes
Hahaha!
Funniest response all night.
: Love.
it is indeed cold...daisy chains of last week feelin like superman's place but with less crystals
which is good!
sherman OWZED him his senior year!
So many mahomies!
iloveit : , you're one lucky kid 3
GREAT photo!
Earning  is not wrong.
Being morally corrupt as to how you earn money is.
oh i got the website that show the dates and yeah im going too see u there hopefully brionne come :D
Like the beginning of half blood prince could srsly be 2012......
buy cheap, doctornk more?
;
lol twitter is better then txt lol !
15 mins that would never happen here.
You need to bring snacks while you wait
LOVIN EVERY MOMENT OF IT GREAT WORK NAYDALINE:
So glad to hear the show went well  we've been hearing great things about it!
Frustrating RT : Softball and baseball teams have similar issues  too many stranded runners  need more RBIs!
Nah nah nah nah NOLA
dont push it cjm, the cheese might block you and make some noises outta yo butt
sometimes i feel like I'm the only one putting effort in this relationship
I'm also comically bad at catching autocorrect, apparently
thanks 4 the great tweets
20 of men watch porn at work
south Tampa :
Still trying to figure out what the hell that was about
So who will it be?
Carolina or Duke?

HAPPY birthday to my lil sister I love u so Much :
Alex is Sexy!
Alex is Sexy!
Alex is Sexy!
Alex is Sexy!
Alex is Sexy!
Alex is Sexy!
Alex is Sexy!
Alex is Sexy!
Alex is Sexy!
Alex is Sexy!
Cool!
it's on my weekend reading list : I love .
Will be first time reading
I still refuse to call this man anything other than Ron Artest.
Gonna be at Sunlife on June 23rd?
Congrats!!!
What are you going to be doing in NYC??
When do you move?!
Fun Fact: Costa Rica is the greenest country and plans to be the first carbon neutral country by 2021.
Victoryou should stick around for !
dude just say fuck it, go home, and get under the covers.
take care of yourself!
Critical Interpretation Papers have been graded and uploaded to Blackboard.
Top ten moment!!!!
Looks like my video will acmpny your article on the Opera co.
for let me know if has any work 4 me
Carolina inside game will prevail over Duke 3 jacks.
Rivers will shoot Duke out of it.
: No such thing as giving up too much for truly elite QB.
If he's not, everyone's getting fired anyway so who cares?
SO TRUE
Youve decked the halls real nice and pretty in your second chance construction of a High School dancefloor.
Don't never ask what's wrongg or I'm okayy...
DF !
welcome to twitter mister Insider.
I can't help how much I am into Bear In Heaven right now.
Made that pussy fart by the head tho 
......and if you want people to quit smoking cigs legalize reefers!
Dexter with his 2nd HR already!!!
RT has made that has capacity bldg tools for NPOs, worth checking out.
I barely realized spiderman wasn't invited to the avengers party..
Lol
Hope the weather clears up for the Belk Bowl...
Thanks to the girls for inviting us to play  making last night's LightUpNight IronCity Anniversary bash an unforgettable night
Been playing Lego Harry Potter all week!
Gotta love a Lego Hogwarts!
The problem is that it only works for symbol keys, right?
it's very special purpose and can't replace 
I need a doctornk.
Wish I could have one.
Ran 7 miles with the Sunday group, 1 mile solo  8 miles with another friend.
16 miles in the Cleveland Metropark, on the horse trails.
Well that's a little selfish but I'll allow it.
and do not work!
: The Swamp Gospel will feed your soul!
This bitch needs to shut her paisa ass up
Can we get some stats on the record for total number of 3 and outs in a postseason game?
I think this might be a new record
Happy to hear you found a couple great colors!
Here to help anytime :
thats the plan...later in the week though
Regardless of who you are or what you have been, you can be what you want to be.
W.
Clement Stone
Two years late on this one, but dear god, Patti Smith's 'Just Kids' is extraordinary.
Simultaneously aching  buoyant.
massage needed,
totally agree with this!
if you can make lollipops out of balloons we can totally make a mini vegas!
Some times you gotta put in 1618 hour days and work weekends..
No one owes you shit.
You want a decent career?
U gotta earn it!
Ally McBeal: Even if I did get past all my problems, I'm just gonna get out and get new ones.
Looking forward to a new social media portrait with Teri Moy Photography and Makeup Artistry by Tracie  the pros make a big difference!
OH fun getting the swag bags ready for Seattle Fashion Week!
Great meeting everyone last night at the Press Conference!
Yay Fashion Week!
LUMIDEE MY CELL PHONE CRASHED AND LOST UR CELL CAN U TEXT ME UR NUMBER 2106779291
thanks!
checked out cool work!
!.
SATURDAYS ARE OF DA CHAIN AT CLUB MATRIX...2 doctorNKS...FREE PARKING..LADIES FREE BEFORE 11..
WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Gotta get up early tomorrow calling it a night..well I won't fall aspleep til 2..but I'm out of here lol
It's never too late!
I got my phone back :
It's doctorft Day Replacements Fans!
Which NCAA player will you miss watching in College ball the most?
You don't care at all
To Die Unsung Would Really Bring You Down.
Although, Wet Eyes Would Never Suit You...
Good Luck!
Hope to see you next year!
Our waitress at the melting pot looks like megan fox..
Michelson's short game is second to none
have you been there, people wear less on the streets in front
What about state standards for texts when putting together your own resources?
Iam just saying yo, that's real mushy.
Imma start calling u Eric begay.
LOL
hahaha this cody simpson fan is hilarious ah omg;
that or midget wrestling.
Guess who's back...:
It's finally pretty outside 
I rather more money more problems, than having no money and being your problem  los
good bros what about you dudes?
the day care shit
It's karaoke Wednesday and we're serving up karaoke courage for you all night long.
On this week's show, our critics pick their worst movies of the year so far!
What movies do you think made their lists?
Family...I'm happy to report I survived another visit to Comcast!!
It's not gossiping it's fact finding!
Know what?
The Brewers are 3 wins away from the World Series.
And that's pretty cool.
CUAEF isn't your any old conference.
Get your professorssional network on, then dance the night away with your new best friends at the Gala!
Check out my miniblurb in the January issue of Essence magazine regarding health  fitness tips 4 2010  beyond!!
Chaunda walker walls
HURT MY ANKLE ON THE COURT TODAY
is in Dallas!!!!
Ah!!!!
Only thing better would be if was here too...
Only in a doctoram..
Sigh
okay?
You didn't have to tweet me just to tell me that.
And you didn't have to inderect about me.
had a blast last night, thanks to all for coming out and thanks to for being super awesome to our group!
People are too sensitives these days ..
Have u heard of a term called a JOKE?!?!?
Thank you President Obama for doing what Bush and Cheney couldn't!
Heading out for TDay shopping.
Tis the tis season.

tweeted about a new baconbeercheese dip for pretzels.
Might be good for
Honored to be the Social Media Expert at the Hemophilia Federation of America National Symposium in Cali!
READY TO PRESENT TO THE TEENS 1st!
Man Celtics got this
I got Bones Jones
who'd you see ??
Lol
Can feel the excitement for Carnevale tonight!
Happy Valet parking is here!
About to Begin...
pictures?:P
When the backchannel isn't in back: A short exposition on all caps and yelling in office environments
In the studio recording our new singlegonna be sick!
doctorm tracking today for Someday
what'd he say
itsfunnyhow the one thing I'm sure I'm doing right turns out to be the only thing bringing me down
'LIKE' us on Facebook, 'FOLLOW' us on Twitter, 'FRIEND' us on My Space  'JOIN' our Yahoo Group!!!
All you Ignite talkers for next Friday, get your slides ready, you only get 5 minutes : 20 slides, 15 seconds each.
Going to be a hoot!
Thanks go out to eV's Underground  CKCU FM 93.1 for being their ReverbNation Artist of the Week  4 being part of a cool set last night.
work 59 tonight then a project an essay and a study guide
Sporting the bun today.
Much better than the humidity induced bouffant.
Musings: Get out of your comfort zone.
I believe that not much of significance happens in our comfort zone.
Security is for cadavers.
Because of , one of Panasonic's latest professorssional cameras now conforms to CLVS industry standards.
Thanks, Bruce!
Have to agree : You will never be the player your dad was and still is You are a subpar perimeter defender as well!
Anything goes wen it comes to hoes
Darell Issa hosted the first meeting of the He Man Woman's Haters Club in decades.
Spanky is spinning.
All those fairy tales are full of shit.
What are you listening to right now?
yeah multiple accounts you have to pay for pro version though
That fuckin bitch forgot TWO TIME MVP TIM DUNCAN!!!!!!
WOULD LIKE TO SAY: One World Park Entertainment's site may go dark for a bit as I change web hosts..currently dissatisfied with old one.
It looks like its almost 8 at night and its 1:30 sheesh this weather is wacky
did you listen to the new FTFD song?!?
Never worry about the size of your Christmas tree.
In the eyes of childoctorn, they are all 30 feet tall.
Larry Wilde
Unprecedented unity among sites both large and small...
Google, Reddit and WIkipedia join bloggers from around the world to protest SOPA.!!
Caught my flight.
Off to ASECS12 in San Antonio to give a paper.
Insert your own Alamo joke here.
Hoping for good weather so we can go to the this weekend.
Well he started it.
:D
Just set my alarm for 5 am.
It is cold in LA!
Good thing we are heading to the desert an not staying on the coast!
Who's playing at Maxwell's?
How did you send the tweet?
If you could choose anywhere in the world to study, where would it be?
PT
you are my 100th follower...want to celebrate with a shot at Bradys concert tomm?
Great CPF Convention.
yOURE THE SECOND PERSON WHO'S PUT THAT OMG OK IM DOING IT
Now if only I could sing, now if only I could sing.
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!
thanks man!
Which colleges?
Same with yours!
Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you.
Maori Proverb
at least I got to hear Dante's Inferno Theme.
the upside is boring Thursdays lead to great Saturdays.
Just now reading some interesting letters from Kareem AbdulJabbar to Ishmael Reed.
He offers to finance Reckless Eyeballing as a movie.
Don't miss the 2nd Annual Artisans' Fare on Nov 18/19; Indiana's premiere food  doctornk artisans willbe there, like www.amazingchips.com !
Thanks for coming to the launch party!
sticks  stones may break my bones, but chains  whips excite me 
Humans are jacked up justsayin'
Looking for a new brunch spot downtown?
We are now open every Sunday at 11am serving traditional English breakfast items.
American Idol 
You know you use your phone too much when you have to charge it 3 times a day.
I wish i was famous
Blast Friday was interesting.
Raise that jolly roger!
ThingsLongerThanNorthKoreasMissileLaunch Batista's dick.
RT if you have seen Batista's dick and respect the legendary dick of Batista.
I love the way that booty go.
Happy Spring Break!
:
Wow i cant go to the bernard picnic this weekendd
we were too.
but hey, i'm in chicago.
i'm perfectly happy.
and i haven't but i will if i can today.
he'll be teaching all day
now following!
We used to talk for hours.
Look at us now :/
Haha.
I'm not a morning person, either...I'll try to go back to sleep after she leaves.
:
Well, also my friends are going.
So that makes it easier to do.
LMAO!a: WhereAreTheyNow stuck up your ass bitch.
had the hey perro wrap!
Fantastic and I have lunch for dinner
I thought you weren't following my feed any longer...
my pleasure.
well written and loved the story.
It was an awesome title defense at Wildflower!
Congratulations to MaryStramel of GeneralMailingandShippingSystems in ABQ.
Mary was awarded at womenofinfluence!
get crazy!
get wild!
who happy 21st doll, :
I'm scared to death of electricity  I don't even like to unplug things bigger than a lamp.
I can't imagine rigging the BGE.
Can not wait to record on Monday : Maybe another studio update?
:
oh my
Baseball is so interesting yet so boring at the same time
you got the wrong dude
rangers score!
Nice
Told me what?!
Here's our recipe: sit at bar, order, wait.
Many things going through my mind now.
.
Wow.
Lost for words.
That's why it's the world's sport.
I haven't tweeted in over a month.
not Ganesh.
GAME.
Idaho judge doctorps charges in moonwalk dance case  Northwest Cable News
Being main stream 
My parents are divorced,so if you need to talk to anyone Im here.
Time heals everything,and remember its NOT your fault3
RT Admit it, At some point in your life, you stuck a ball up your shirt and pretended you were pregnant.
here's to the kalin and myles fans who like jakeeyp's eyebrow stories.
I need sum help on bmi...
Who's can help
but KR is a beast.
We need one good OL this year and he's my pick.
Heard he got MVP at camp
I was just there this weekend!!
agree with you there.
I just think the comparison to Color is off.
although you make a good point, who could forget Real Genius?
haha u so didnt make that!!
mom!!!!!Nicks lying again!!
lmfao!
Tweet tweet.
and I thought we had this awesome French contingent on there way to Albuquerque.
Shucks.
I'll Be dumb late seein it but probably safe house......
what u tryna see
You crack me up!!
One of your funniest linesHe's so gay he farts glitter!
LOL Big Fat Pussy Cat line was up there too!
Photo shoot today for Most Beautiful People issue of My hometown magazine...such an honor!!
i doo too, but the internet don't need to love it!
;
Please follow and we follow 100 back : Love u :
they weren't yelling in our game, they never had a chance too haha
throwbackthursday during free 
Super excited for my show at Maguire's tonight!!
LOL where you from?
:
enjoy your weekend, Dana!!
what's your favorite brand of pencil?
Hi Valerie!
Thanks for also sharing the important work of using school to foster good, thinking, caring, responsible people!
Thanks for the review  can't wait to see!
Shoot me an email  I'll send you more great nutritional info!
Wanting to tweet nonstop because i could read them al day.
what up
Thank u very much!We appreciate the follow!
:
Going to Panera with the cousins 3
at the Portland Winterhawks game!
I should be getting some sleep got a denist appointment in Philly tomorrow.
RT : Storytelling is SEO for the human brain says aka Mike Sowden at
my baseball coach always said  your as good as your last at bat or if he was talking to team  your as good as your last gm
First pumpkin spice latte of the season!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska?
:D 18
Get chip to diverge juke slide n Dj solo to do the chicken Wang
Someone bring me some BBQ por favor.
But this Suite at Royals stadium is NICE!
Free food and doctornks including beer  can't go wrong.
And I guess the royals are up 21.
Thanks for the FF love!
In my zone, jamming to chris brown  all back.
Come into Lotties for food  doctornk to melt the slush away.
the team is so excited!
Now neither of you have excuses ; ...Not even you, Harrison; mister iPad.
Hehe.
Where at?
no luck bro
Sometimes i don't think i'm good enough .
.
.
:/
I've been super busy putting the finishing touches on our new website!
raining in detroit today.
not that big of a deal though, won't dampen my day.
getting some work done, then out for beers.
m, beers.
I wish I had some mac n cheese.
Rule 1: Get consent.
Rule 2: Pace yourself.
Rule 3: Stock up.
RT : Condom distribution today 6:157pm on the corner of 17th  Fee!
I WISH I COULD.
so glad to hear there is some football/band love going on there!
Depressing.
RT : I'm officially changing the names of the days of the week.
It will now be Monday, Monday, Monday, Monday, Friday.
haha it involves a tow hook, a Jetta,  a holly bush...
Your source for solid unfinished Brazilian Cherry TG 3/4 x 31/4  5 hardwood flooring.
So GOP's answer is deregulate everything and doctorllDeep Water Horizon 2 here we come.
That Is So Wrong!
RT : doctorll baby doctorll.
HFC is excited to welcome our coming MUST students from Mongolia next month!
We are all looking forward to getting to know you!
Thx for the follow Kudos to your team for making childoctorn  families a priority in federal policy and budget decisions!
glad you could tune in!
I could listen to talks about content strategy and examples all day :  Good stuff.
I'm coming over as soon as you get it !!!
We'll have 300 in teal and purple coming from Rochester  you won't be alone!
As Atari continues to wage war on its hardcore fans,is it wrong for me to point out that the real Atari died in 1984 when Warner broke it up
I hate summer classes
I miss you too bro!
And my other best friend reginahh!!3
don't even start with me on the crap!!
Oh, great HC tip!
Sedaris has been reliably wonderful on the road, along with Sarah Vowell.
Another, weirdly: Nora Ephron.
KINGS SCORE!!!
thanks for coming in tonight!
So our homebrewed Rye P.A.
and Oatmeal Stout are both pretty great!
Hi Mark.
This is Colin's mom.
Colin died of sunburn.
Jealous!
I was just there in November!
Have a safe and fun trip!
we are live on air now LateNightLesbiansRadio  Blind Date  single ladies call 3478572089
Laser Hair Removal is the best!
Check out our special for February  it's cheaper than you think!!
http: //bit.ly/ikAubO
Dont expect to find the right person if you arent willing to let the wrong one go.
our whole pie is much bigger, could feed two, while theirs fits on a paper plate.
I compare mine to
Thanks for RT
Well, that's not cool.
your the best!
Yeah I don't think I could bellet.
Was listening to Devil Went Down to GA.
on WSM yesterday.
I wish all slick commercial country were that good and creatively produced.
thanks for following us as well!
so true thx for spreading such an important message!!
Off topic aam2012  this room smells like wet hay ?
It's strength is distracting me : OKAY back on topic/track
looking forward to seeing play tonight!
my fiancé is one talented guy
Bye honey 33 have a goodnight : besos
Watching The Heist with and So funny.
i need followers, i know no one on twitter :
Yes, I have 10 Fantasy Football Teams, but I made the Playoffs with 7 of them so that makes it alright?
My obsession with Usher is a little unhealthy 
RIP David Broder; journalists and readers alike would do well to read Behind the Front Page
it's so early 90s hanging out with ugly people, you know?
and WHY is the city paying 5K in ground rent to ANYONE?
Buy that land back!
Read interviews and more coverage from the African Film Festival!
meeting of the minds in Detroit airport, where I just ran into Jerlando Jackson!
I boarded the Subway this morning for the 2 for 1 before 9am.
thanks so very much.
Flying to LA in January!
Excited!
I like all forms of music so long as the lyrics are intelligent and professorund, and preferrably sociopolitical, unlike most pop music.
UK has one of the largest fan bases in sports, yet you writers think it's news that 30 people sent some bad tweets to a player.
there is a lot of email misuse.
Like emails where every1  their dog are copied.
Need to align email w getting things done.
How do you fuel your long runs?
No.
4 LSU Tigers Look to Continue Success in May: Fan39;s Take
On my way to Baton Rouge, been real busy, tweetin back and catchin up tomorrow mornin!!!
I hear you.
We're wrapping up the kids bathroom.
Taken six months, meanwhile he's been sharing ours.
Ugh.
COLLEGE NIGHT TONIGHT  BEER PITCHERS  BEER PONG  25 ALL YOU CAN doctorNK WRISTBANDS!
Tip of the day: if you want to be the president then alls you got to do is make presidential decisions
Q: why jump to blame new social media given the much longerterm increase in loneliness?
a fun, yet implausible, explanation
get in touch with Daniel ching at minarets HS in california  he may be able to help ,
Excited to be heading to the Baltimore office for 's going away party.
Ole!
Hello love doctors.
Yes, you are very astute.
I haven't left the incubator in longer than I care to admit
ugh, my new replacement iPhone means i have to try to remember all my passwords for access to my social media apps
Well Tamale Guy just left.
Prepare for entire bar to smell like farts in 5...4...3...2...boom.
I'm about to become a millionaire!!
I promise to give you all a share of my winnings...seriously
A wide selection of my photography will be on display in the lobby of the Loudoun County Government Center in January and February.
omg your background.
LOL
still at the game and pissed off!!!!
I feel like I'm going to puke.
What.
The.
Heck.
Woot!
I wouldn't expect Ms.
Lada to do anything less.
Thanks for including us.
Cheers to
how's tomorrow?
:
If he'da been Jayson Blair he would have had the run of the place already...
Pearson, has turned AIMS standardized testing into a billiondollarayear industry.
Dumbing down our kids, one test at a time..
charging my phone :P
www.slobbersnaks.com
Rain or shine.
Get on a bike people.
Thats why your called
There really is nothing quite like 90's Pop Bass haha
Follow me/stalk me
yess we do need to talk abt you know what still ; will you text me in the morning tomorro Shaun?
Enjoying your website.
I particularly liked your advice about looking into people's eyes when speaking.
no way?
Lol well then I'm sure Annabelle would be glad to meet you
Now, we'll see if justice can stand its ground.
Congrats to editor Sheila Blackshe won the 2012 Witter Bynner Fellowship!
shut up big head
My cornucopia brings all the tributes to the yard.
If Oosthuizen was a dick and the TV was on the green, this would be Happy Gilmore come to life.
Thanks for the RT!
My ass hole
Give a man a fish  hell eat for a day.Teach a man to fish,  hell disappear every weekend with his buddies from April till November.
Autism awareness!
RT : Today is World Autism Awareness Day.
Support in their extremely important mission.
strategic agendas hurt my brain
I love this movie.
I cry every time.
Black Friday.
Shop for new diggs instead!
Join me in Hodgkins this weekend at The Quarry Spring Craft Show.
Saturday 96 Sunday 115.
Located at Lagrange and Joliet Rd.
my feelingsarent hurt.
I could careless.
Just dont evr say girls I smash are ugly when look at jesy
It is so COOL!
I just checked it out too!
What others think about you is not important.
What you think about yourself means everything.
Upload and Download...made easy.
our pitching needs to get better but I still can't believe we got him lol
Small world  D Duck is now Florida Citrus, owned Citrus Grows COOP.
hav freinds who hav worked there from bac in the day
don't worry Reade.
Once they read your tweets you'll reveal to them how idiotic  pretentious you are
Hey sign up w/our street team today at Tigerfest and receive 75 in doctorving credit!
3pm7pm
SCORE.
yes.
Making moves, not excuses!
A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person.
You earn reputation by trying to do hard things well....
One word.
Flasks.
on location in Kennebunkport all day.
cell phone in South Boston so email if you need me.
There's a lot at stake, Rick.
JoshHamilton has had offthefield issues.
And, fans haven't forgotten.
Good morning!!!
Washington take on the tonight at 7:30.
Catch it on projectors with full sound
Yeah I usually don't like movies about making movies but I dug it.
No matter how good of a girl you think she is or might be, a hoe is still hoe...
The holiday lights are up in the CCT office and it's looking festive!
Now if only this rain would change to snow :
Another day, another promo.
:
nope tweets here are alive and well.
CNI  the Coalition for Networked Information  is now on Twitter
Nothing makes my morning like talking to about all the amazing work he is doing at the NIC!
I need a women to text me whats good ladys
hey boo
On the road again, forgot my socks, had to go to Kohls..
more bad news, found out it wont be ready this months, best chance now in June
Q3 Nothing, not really on our radar.
Maybe I'll just mention it on our Facebook account.
MT : No, don't explain how.
Show me how ;
ha right ?
Still chillin on that cinco de mayo
Glad I could be of help on more than one front.
Which story was it?
Thanks for the RT, !
When we get to , bitches better get down!
Everybody Wants Sum when we get doooowwn thurrr!
I LOVE YOU!!!!!!
You are so sweet and yes, it rocked!
Can't wait to tell you all about it : xoxo
whyidonthavegayfriends I like going out in public w/o turning heads or people automatically knowing I'm gay cuz I'm with some rue Paul wana
awww thanks, man!
I meant to do that but I'm all energydepleted from the workout
kiss Your Kids,make E'm Smile make Great memories, Not Long time Regrets!!!
www.BarefootdoctormsofHouston.com Ministry for the Abused
How to create educational opportunities throughout the lifespan?
See?
van Riemsdyk gets it.
why cant everyone else?
RT If there's a sporting event better than playoff hockey I've yet to see it!
I love a thick juicy body in bright colored leggings...ah!!!
ISS Orlando on February 19, 20, 21 Hope to see you there!
that's the kind of thing I listen to when I'm feeling blue
Down by the bay where the watermelons grow.
going to have lunch with 's stephanie lecci Milwaukee's Terry Gross.
it's okay!
: I've been busy with party preparations.
My sweet sixteen is this Friday!!!
laughs, pinches noses'ok.
Im gonna get some fresh air...
Hey, hey.
Easy on the gunshots and rap.
They were probably more scared of you.
At least scrapple was plentiful.
THIS is the Obama I voted for
BIG AB for Avery in his first game
Gonna stop quoting The Hangover now....
It is of the outmost importance to have a strict money management system in place
Cashed out on my fam today felt great.
Summer is gonna be so dope and carefree.
Thank's for the follow!
Yeah ha, I was just in town for 4h's short stay.
BGen Andoctor Sayles I stayed with the Army for one reason: to help our veterans.
veterans hiring forum.
I love you!
Please follow me!
Alexismysuperhero AconForever AconFever :D U smile, I smile :
Website live!
Hi Steve!
Thanks for the follow!
Shout out to .
i really enjoyed point this weekend.
Until you've walked in someones shoes and know exactly what they've gone through how can you judge them?
NP smile back by
As soon as you feel comfortable, that's when it's time to start over.
Jerry Weintraub
welcome to Twitter!
Love how you acronym is ARRR!
Mike will be moving back to Pittsburgh so expect more baseball, football and hockey pics and tweets over the next few days weeks and months
32 covers this will be a long night !
WFUD12 Chuang: courts and other policymakers have not sufficiently doctorwn the lines of fair use.
God I wanna dance
Doing my thing!
:
I never told you how proud I was that you somehow included 5ive and OTown in your boyband doctorwSomething.
Thx 4 RT!
LQ stands for Lapham's Quarterly the most exclusive journal, featuring the greatest minds ever lived!
Recommend.
Q3.
What shall be the Royal Theme Song of your kingdom?
they add liquid detergent to the beer
Q2.
What beauty trends are you looking forward to trying for spring?
Wondering why my daughter spent 3 on 1 doggie cupcake from some dog store downtown.
3 and the dog doesn't even like it!
21CRadio A4 I like the immediacy of getting news from artists on SM, but also expect it to be more promotional so like other sources, too.
It's about Greatest common factors!
I don't understand L
Agreed!
Some dishes better than others, but overall tasty  fun!
Def.
need a big group.
i'm leaving hawaii dec.4 then i arrive in LA baby!
then were gonna do an across the states doctorve from cali to kansas.............Winning!
Hey RaRa, my bad  totally didn't see your tweet last night, hope da party was bumpin'
Pole day Saturday?
Perfect, , see you there!
r u.
on line..call me
She doctoramed of Paradise.
Be sure to also watch today's show because is here to perform!
You don't want to miss this...
Happy endings?
Now I know.
There's a location in Waco coming soon!
Follow for updates on new locations.
haha hate to dissappoint my fans;
Welcome to the home of SB46!
RT : Rainfreezing rain and sleet moving into western and southwestern Indiana now
I'LL GET ON RIGHT NOW FOR YOU BABY GIRL!
LT sound system
New Darious Rucker cd is quite good.
Can't believe I'm starting to listen to country...but I like it!
: Would you mind sending your contact information to ?
Our IT team needs more info in order to troubleshoot...
headline: Bengals 28 Ravens 21, Texans now on the menu for some hungry tigers!
Damn this OKC and Dallas game is a dunk show!!!
I love your show so I'm changing my icon to you guys!!!!
Number 1 thing people do on their mobile device?
Personal email.
OH...and I'm also addicted to Pinterest now, if you couldn't tell.
;
Thanks for RTing the Meg Murry article the other day!
Oscars fun fact RT : James Franco and Anne Hathaway are the first male/female Oscars Hosting duo to share the same stage
I agree with you on the modern family thing...not funny
Craziest Best doctoram Ever ...
Weird ..
:
Good afternoon !
RT : nf good morning
awesome my wifi isn't going well so it's probably best.
:
: ToMyFutureHusband Bringing home flowers and ice cream will never get you in trouble.
Lately i have just been a complete screw up i have basically had bad karma since me and my friend had been arguing
I've been thinking about forever.
Have you?
Thank you
You may be that one person to keep the victim from removing themselves from this world forever.
3
my boy Aaron said he'd doctorve down from Pittsburgh once a week to practice with us and play bass..
Still 109 Golden AEDs out there worth 50 per AED...beautiful day to search for AEDs in the city!
Love you too big headoctor : I love you Bae
Your values come from deep inside you.
Spend the time necessary to discover them.
Hold fast to them; honor them by your actions.
i read MAndy's tweet as 'lie in a hot batch and have chili'...
YES!
As am I!
Too excited to see it!!!!!
What day are you going?
I'm going Saturday
Watched some you tube videos.
Awesome stuff!
Are You going to do a show in Boston anytime?
Totes.
Please.
professorle pic looks like a closeup of a GI Joe doll.
well idk yeah some people 'like' those bands for those reasons...
I didn't even know what kellin looked like when I first
Ladies you know a secret?
Your man will move the world for you if you love him and support him and cheer for him.
But he won't do nothing
the doctorg that goes by Meow Meow cracks me up.
Who's tried it?
Can ANYONE explain Syfy Battlestar galatica to me?
I watched it as a kid, but this 1 makes no sense 2 me.
Thanks to for hosting a district 21 candidate forum.
Too bad was in the district but declined to attend.
Damn.
They figured it out.
Are you attending May's Social Media Breakfast?
We have the proud honor of being the facility and food sponsor
So When are you coming back to Texas.?????
Nothing better than a Wisconsin steak at Tornado Room
It was a struggle trying to study for a final in the middle of perfect spring weather.
But I'm about to shed my winter coat and this class.
with the exception of about 6 weeks of summer, you can have that in Portland, OR.
Carlos I have instructions you can follow.
What is your email!
Good luck with your class!!!
can you change it to a unc logo after they win without marshall?
Awesome, thanks so much for coming!
I'm bored:/
Happy Mommy's Day to the best mommy in the world!
Lol;
just a stressful day!
:/ feeling Better though
RT : overthesummer im doing speed and strength and sand volleyball
it's going to double ot.
1 Reason why im better than everyone: IM ASIAN XD
1day down of the super bowl madness ...9 more.
to go
River North has a lot of great restaurant destinations.
We had a great experience at What are your favorites in the area?
There are about one trillion bacteria on each of your feet
PrettyLittleLiars comes back in exactly a month!
yay!
So 2day is our final i didnt know ugh!
Ill pass tho so hey!
casting models for Saturday !!!
hit me up please!!!
Good evening Thanks for following Newark Twinning.
Hope you enjoy our twinning tweets.
Lol dude mad cuz i got a boyfriend now..
Jealousy is so not cute!
Haha !
Oh heck no !
Back off !
I will meet on June 30  you're just jealous of my sensitive amazing babe !
333
Thanks for replying, Patrick!
We're currently not there.
We were just at CCSC 2012!
We will be at NCCE show next.
this is true...I shall try to come  now I'm merely 2hrs away!
I'd be more inclined to use spotify at work if I didn't have to worry about a pic of Rhianna licking her lips every time I logged in.
so what's the new for 2012?
;
just saw your from ohio but if you know ANYONE in TX that likes chiodos oh sleeper or attack attack let them know we have tix
We have to learn to be our own best friends because we fall too easily into the trap of being our own worst enemies.
Roderick Thorp
Daley: pretty obvious that hopeful expectations for stronger economy this year and next are not going to be fulfilled.
no I do not have a Oovoo and thanks also why did connor stop making vids?
Slope/
Somebody's at the door..
MAAAH I DON'T WANNA GET IT!
lol I know :P haha :D
If anything, we museums have turned you in to beggars.
You should expect MUCH more from us in all platforms.
Well look at that  my birthday is this week!
How am I just now realizing this?
The little brook under my road is usually 18 inches wide, 2 or 3 feet in a tstormnow 50 feet wide and roaring.
4famouswords I love One Direction
hey!
I dm'ed you something :
Attn: : Looks like there's gonna be data...
MT : GAB votes to create searchable database of recall signatures.
I'm sure it'll be awesome.
And anyway, they're all special episodes.
The ones with me in them just happen to be super :
omg that's awesome!!!
my twitter is poop!
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world.
Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has M.
Mead
bad girls club
My FAMILY is
Thanks again to  for having us!
And, as always, a huge thank you to our awesome manager for everything!
LMFO is absolutely horrible.
Can't listen to its crap brand of crap music.
Sorry, kids.
:
best thing is probably to create a new list, and then go to your following list and add everyone in class to that list
Real talk..
ill find something
Late night Press , press , press!!
...
Variety TheHollywoodoctorporter  more
So I've been playing iPhone games, eating candy, and thinking of ways to spend my check ...
For the last 3 days
where and whenn
yes very cool  are you going to see him?
Watching South Beach Tow!
Tomorrow will be my very first ride aboard one of your vessels!
I can't wait!
Sorry for the novel, I have all the feels.
How are your kitties?
Joss and....
what was the other new kitten's name?
hi can u follow me?
plz
Saw it last night at the Starlight6 in ATL.
Nick: I was doctorg racing.
Detective: In a Prius?
Nick: I don't win a lot.
Ken Blackwell: Israel39;s Gathering Storm  The Huffington Post
Share some of your followers big homie.
Blownn Off My Ass.!!!
It is indeed a jockstrap...
; Sorry there is no picture of the back.
Catch tonight on !
The rain is expected by 10PM With temperatures around the 50s
Happy Holidays from our family to yours!
Have a fantastic holiday!
I go back  forth between feeling sorry for him and intensely disliking him.
RT : sad trombone for Pete
deffintaely, you have to i can even send you links to different venues
Thank you!
Would love to hear more about how you came across that amazing image!
And possibilities of collaborating?
Shut Up And Love Me 3333
Ha!
RT Ozzie Guillen returns to coach the Marlins tonight, on the anniversary of the Bay of Pigs.
Ops.
Possibly.
What's the catch?
It blows my mind when people use your as you're AND as your in the same sentence.
Like, did it even faze you?
RT its a movie/oh wow, I got to get out.
Lol!
I've seen ppl referring 2 it like a club or some sort
If inhibited from travel, you must prove you aren't a threat.
But how, when they won't say why they suspect you?
Sure!
Keep up the good messages!
:
Not sure when we will release full track list, but Neal will be leaking some hints.
I was thinking the same thing!
and Suh won't because he's a douche bag
Memphis defeats Tennessee in double OT 9997.
thanks for sharing Brian!
Hope it helped get ya in the Christmas spirit!:
If we fail this time, it will be a failure of imagination
Just read WSJ on selfdirectedira custodians being sued for improper due diligence on investment providers.
To bad.
True love is when you both bust your bottoms to ensure the household is taken care of but find time for each other still!
Is so sick of people.
Cereal Bowles
Happy Birthday!
3 Save some of your bday money so we can go to Cotton On with !
Boarding This Next Flight To VA...
JetLife 
Don't go, I need you In my life, LOL, just joking, close the door on your way out bitch.
RT : NICE!
did a great job with it today, he was so close.
: And the GWU kid loses Jeopardy at the last second.
Just like our basketball team!
Dad just got scammed into paying fora PDF version of the Dallas newspaper.
Here's to the death of print.
Seems cute but sinister: Wouldn't want to have him next to me at 3 am.
Good luck!
hm maybe playing with your car or some games will do the trick to get your mind off things!
/hug
I miss my girlfriend.
Up moving a little.
Hailey Anne had A rough night but MUCH better thus morning .
It's not really a plank, more like a lay down :
It turned out to be a sunny day!
First Thursday is hoppin' down below!
Fantastic!
I shall raise a glass in celebration of her while here!
Thanks for correcting the spelling Arin.
: : Oestreich RT : Ostrich if you see this you're the best !
haven't talked to you in a while .
how's life.?
lol
:  happy birthday!
Love you!
just finished eating bro, now I gotta worry bout my Chem final, but today's also
Every once in a while u have that one afternoon nap that is a little glimpse of heaven....
NP I follow you.
Follow me back?
Semantics: they don't need a fresh perspective; they need a user's perspective.
:
What's up PianoMan.
I'm working on the changes for April in Paris.
Any tips?
I am a very loyal person.
That awkward moment when the person you're talking bad about walks through the door..
Great review.
Even my CEO could understand this!
:
That choir always rejuvenates me....
but why don't people ever text me back?
You know who you are.
mm I like how you sip you're juice .
Oh you also have nice lips, Not the ones in your face;
Thanks, Stefan!
We always want users to have a great experience, so we're happy to hear that you find the documentation helpful.
I would never Unfollow you Nicholas!
your welcome Follow back!
The Jackrabbits are back!
Tune in to Current TV tonight at 9PM ET for an all new 4thandForever!
Monitor to hear what ppl are saying about yr brand, benchmark similar comps  set objective on what you want to achieve
captainon Contest: California39;s First Dog Hits the Road  Wayne ...
How High, Pineapple Express, and Friday are the dopest movies for stoners.
I hate Thursdays.
my husband  I saw this when we were there this past March for our 1yr anniversary, great exhibit
The courage of my colleague is truly inspiring.
All natural body butter  Shea, mango, cocoa butter, with jojoba, aloe vera, coconut, and vitamin e oil  4 oz.
23
Power 14 Voodoo 14 at Half.
Power were down 140 and have come back to tie it up!
LETS GO POWER!
Eating electrolyte stew topped with chopped turkey and guacamole.
Have a great weekend Colorado!!!!
are here?
I just bought their book.
About to go mountain biking with coworkers.
Haven't done this since middle school ...
wish me luck!!
Just checking, has anyone else been getting crappy service from TMobile?
This weather is absolutely perfect for a bonfire
Landed in Chicago!
And instantly I want potato skins and a beer, what is it with the midwest?
NICE!
Thanks!
Whats wrong with my boo?RT : thank you on the verge of collapse.
Gotcha.
My bad.
Thanks for the RT Matt!
what a privilege that America can embrace freedom no matter what we believe and our God is unchanging in His greatness and love.
I just want to go to sleep with you.
No sex.
Just you and I, the sheets, kisses, and sleep.
How long after Bryce gets called up can I expect a visit from you?
BTW I am not a member of Ayn's family I am one of 5000 ANGRY people who want
So stoked!!!
Go Cleveland!!
commcollege faculty convened for scalinginnovation meeting say students struggle with vocabulary
Sustainability and even environmentalism is NOT an attack on prosperity and free markets.
In fact, quite the opposite.
I would slap a Minnie's Bumper sticker on my!
On my way home, glad i got away when i did...
:
will you please follow me?
I'm from Dallas too :
just listened to your track Good Girl Gone on an old NYC comp CD I have.
Awesome!!!
I'm pretty sure if you kill the Bogeyman then every pedofile in the world dies.
were y'all going?
How long?
: 20 year old tea party members and geriatric rappers mifflin2012  Wow.
Sorry I'm missing this to write a paper.
aw shucks!
RT : FF , awesome people I got to work w/ 4 years, tweeting awesome news from the AmericanU community
There's nothing I hate more than when the bottom of my jeans getting damp from the rain.
Yippee!
Resume updated  might need a cookie to celebrate!
Is it time to mourn actual Capri length pants?
: its all ankle, ankle, ankle.
They look so weird and gross on skinny long legged ppl
Pinning delicious studyabroad breakfasts.
What's yours?
;
You can find work w/o exp.
in Asia and Latin America.
You could also volunteer at home or do an internship.
that's awesome!
I just noticed this.
hey, you're working with a professorssional here!
RT What's your best way to get past a plateau in your gains?
Share your secrets :
I like how the Ninja Turtles wear masks.
Good way to hide your identity, its not like your a giant turtle or anything..
I am SO thankful for my fun farewell happy hour at La Sandia last night!
Awesome turnout and 4 hours of socializing!
:
10FactsAboutMe I don't like ordering for myself no matter where I go.
It stresses me out to no end.
Idk why.
LOL stop.
Her peak was so long ago, let's be real.
1 More to get to 250..
are you a demi fan?
read this blog by a fan about being strong getting through bulling www.stopbullyingnoww.blogspot.com AMAZING
Tip 98: Listen to commentary, read poker blogs, and most importantly...ask a great player/coach if they would take you under their wing.
Too hard...
for the fucking radio...
Tell me something good...
Im too hard...
for the fucking radio.
I possibly could
haha hopefully you'll spot him again.
seriously look him up in the MadTV skits.
He is really good
Your not cool!
Stop trying to act like a badass on twitter!
went inside jamba juice and heard Annie You Save Me playing in the bg jamming with my smoothie 
Monday already!?!?
This weekend FLEW by!!
Pretty sure its almost that time for some grub, 2 And a Half Men dvd and some sleep!
Two weeks until the kickoff event!
Make sure to sign up today!
I have lost myself trying to find you
Last night to get 20 tickets for Mother's Day Event 5/10/12 Tickets!
Only 25 at door.
Don't miss it!
gotta love that
poor kid, he needs to get some more short track time.
He'll figure it out one of these days.
i like
What is availability looking like, hasn't been much change on the store site.
Hopefully those that want print are able to grab print!
I tell em meet me in the bathroom.
Hold Up!
Better yet my bedoctorom
So, that definitely sounds like thunder over If there's lightning you know Thor's coming.
QB Vince Young to work out for Buffalo Bills
i use to have an envelope maker/pattern too
RT : Day 2 of Global Youth Traffic Safety Month.
2 things to keep teens safe: buckle up  put the phone away!
I'm in the movies now watching
I'm filling in for Tony in the traffic center tomorrow on Good Day Oregon, getting you through your morning commute.
See you then!
Stand up to the MAN!
Yeah!
That's what I say!
Great job.
Our guys still share the same harddoctorving metal aesthetic, I see.
thanks for clearing that up for me it saved me alot of heartache trying to find a new word for thrice i have a very limited vocab
Groups of reformminded teachers are cropping up all over the country  but individ teacher voices are heard now more than ever.
DM we are injecting social media into our business launch.
This makes me wonder if we should speak.
Please DM if interested.
hey give me a call
when you coming?
Sorry.
Didn't mean to sound bossy.
: You guys have a great site.
Thank you Curtis
n yess most defintly invited to my shower lol
it's just you, or at least I disagree!
I love having way more pb :
p.s.
I didn't recognize you until watching the vid's but we've met at the Spider.
I'm
just ask them: Y U NO NAMESPACE?
Thanks!
I'm glad you like the music!
Singing auditions went well.
Now just for dance tomorrow.
:
Yes, repeatedly!
I'm not sure to be honest.
Worth looking into, though.
My guess is smaller school have more flexibility.
RT We're so busy watching out for what's just ahead of us that we don't take time to enjoy where we are.
Calvin and Hobbes
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Teddy Smith
DC plumber just told me he would never doctornk the city's tap water.
Blech.
Hope everyone's ok....we had some crazy storms down here in Georgia yesterday....freaked me out!!!!!!
I TOLD them....magenta is betta.
Duh
need to know more.
did u really call someone with the handle the Stalin of EAD revolution?
Sasha Berkman just rolled over in grave.
he wrote the funniest memoir though, check it out
I don't care who you guys already have in mind for your 1st pick but it needs to be LaMichael James, he is a dual and deadly threat
NEVER YOU STOP THAT
ugh!!!
Pugh and I are in Detroit and you are all the way in TX!!!!!
Hah
Corned beef n cabbage day
Getting ready to head down from Mequon for some burgers.
Everything is always complicated.
Lonely.n....rs i cant deal at all
That makes sense .
.
.
and sounds easier to keep on your head while running.
:
BibleFax: Paul wrote 20 yrs after the death of Jesus.
The earliest gospel was written down 40 years after.
No eyewitness accounts!
That mistake I Promise I will NEVER MAKE AGAIN!!!
lol  my life.
We just saw you on TV.
As Jay put it: He's just doublefisting with cameras!
I have this theory...
looks great, man.
That your wordpress skillz at work?
hahaha hell yea!
If u call ask for mike jones!
IndieMusic MP3: Pagiins  Whats the Point?
no problem!
:
RT:sophia Be nice to your kids.
They'll choose your nursing home.
// LOL
Yes indeed, happy pub date!
uh oh!
Also don't tell them Jesus gave food and healthcare to poor people FOR FREE whether they had jobs or not.
So excited to see you guys in IL on Feb 2nd!!
Gonna be my first time seeing you guys live!!
So excited!!
I know I should go to sleep, but it's just so great to not be at work or at rehearsal for the play...
flex day as in teacher day to get caught up
Good morning ppls crazy ass weather, but im thankful for another day :
got it.
thx.
hope we'll all be kept in the loop as research moves along.
we've got cases to make as budgets are cut /
he's big into doctorft etc...
grain of salt .
It's cool
...Tonight, the streets are ours...
thanks for comin last night!
Todd Haynes MILdoctorD PIERCE is getting weak reviews but an absolute must see tomorrow night on HBO.
The great orig is on TCM tonite at 8pm.
Forever is composed of nows.
Emily Dickinson
If you all see RT from us of things has tweeted...please now we agree 100 w/ the statement!
PR it ain't for everybody!!
Sure, you can email me at
Titanic pulled up anchor about an hour ago and we are currently headed to NY!
Should be fun!
Maui Mall is getting ready for the Maui Okinawan Festival on Saturday, June 25.
It all starts at 10 a.m.
Food, crafts, and entertainment!
I wish Jacksonville had a B.
Merrill's
we outside
They yell at you for not moving on fast enough, and when you need them theyre not really there, so your still stuck moving on.
Give us a follow.
I want to DM you some details of a radio promo we are doing in Louisville.
Thanks!
Your more than welcome to, just come through the back gate...
Is something wrong with the U.S.
economy?
I just bought your 10 million dollar house for 50 bucks.
44 degrees and overcast outside...
Sounds like a good day to cuddle on the couch with a glass of wine and a movie to me.
u telegraph ur moves
Great radio interview tonight.
Shows a lot of class the way you're handling this injury and staying involved.
I LOVE IT!
i go to watch wizards of waverly place at 17:20 :
My future starts when I wake up every morning.
Every day I find something creative to do with my life.
Miles Davis
UNC Ash just got hosed.
Wow.
Terrible call
you are now followed..
lol
I think that's no different from K12,many use it b/c it provides simple framework for an online presence.
same to youthanks for the great conversations.
I was at yalsateentech yesterday!
Hope your chat went well...it took me 3 hours to get home from southern MD.
she knows I want and need time.
The trust I had to her may wont get back like it used to ..
Reach up in the atmosphere right now and grab what you need from the LORD!
Columbus hiring parttime seasonal call center jobs in Worthington.
One month contract  details?
i love you
School's out!
goodbye TRMS hello HHS.
I miss my friends so much :'
OH Anyone wanna get weird and play Mario Kart?
Tonights show is live on gashouseradio.com
If I win MegaMillions, I'm buying a car elevator.
not at all!!
I understand wanting to get out of there!:
what did i tell you ;D GOD I LOVE YOU!

tend to be 'defensive teachers' RT : Nontenure track faculty attend A LOT more dev events than tenuretrack
I don't get it either, can't stand her.
I hope these two don't think they're doing me a favor by talking about we up here studying for my benefit
Service industry workers can doctornk cheap and local every Tuesday.
Some people you meet in life should come with a warning label.
Sounds like an interesting new take on internet searching!
I'll be adding myself to the invite list shortly.

Hoss, were you ever teammates with Iron Joe McGinnity?
Intrigued by the assumption that what is being taught is what is being learned.
Learning is ambiguous even if teaching isn't.
I back out and back out then click clat POW POW
I wonder what the singularity will be like.
Will we lose all connection to our bodies?
Or will it be like constant blow jobs?
Bad news?...
straight up!
I'm with you...
Just rip the bandaid off and get it over with!
:o
think he might be a Sheffield united fan
Food.
Food.
Food.
Food.
Food.
Food.
Food.
Food.
Food.
Food.
Food.
Food.
Food.
Food.
Food.
Food.
Food.
FOOD!!
Can you tell I like food?
No Satchel, Shawn Smith and very little Brad.
civil war reenactors
Can't deny that I want you, but I'll lie if I have to.
..working on electro dance music....oh yeah...
I'm not.
Just a little.
Lol
Dear Aramis...u r not playing for Scrubs.
Two outs come before three!
same haha text me
I love these office reruns
It's good to be luggage.
Kidnapping is such a strong word.
I like to think of it as Surprise Adoption.
My dad came home with ice cream but I couldn't eat it what is wrong with me
You have to have your heart in the business and the business in your heart
Today I planned trips to Portland, Hunt Valley, Harrisburg, and Hoboken.
This will be a good year to meet folks and learn new ideas.
so much fun tho!
so where u from
If i make it thru this hour nd 15 mins with no parking ticket ill be very happy..
great thing is i can watch my car from my classroom window
4 Letter Word  L.O.V.E
Kill them with kindness
Ira will be on WGN Chicago at 11:30 talking about Voices of the Future, tune in!
I c ur future.
Lesbian Prostitute.
And u have a record of going to jail.
:.
Im good at this game.
Go get a fucKin life
Thanks dewd.
Appreciate it.
Thank you Rebuilding Together and Gilead Sciences for your Service project at Spruce School in South San Francisco today!
You inspire.
my besties did it!
NOW ORDER ORDER ORDER!
how I remember the great birthday food at TP
Seriously.
Stop adding me to Lyme Disease Facebook groups.
Ugh, I want no part of it.
Despite the major curve ball life's thrown me in the last few days, I'm happier in this moment, right now, than I have been in a long time.
Build, Transform, Secure, and Consume
DM Would you be open to a meeting regarding being a national digital academia spokeswoman.
We are making it affordable to all.
Woke up super early!
Pretty weird cuz I'm home alone haha
RT : Empowering people to soar should be at the core of every
lol thanks, next time you go there can you check what day I start
Yay!
Hope you enjoy reading it.
cc:
A2.write WHY it inspires you when you talk about WHAT inspires youIf you add ur POV it will be an original story!
I should prob censor myself a little more on here, but that just wouldn't be me.
Never apologetic, Always kickin ass!
I think I'm bipolar...
Wishing everyone a healthy and happy holiday with family and friends!
hardworking and talented family.
will definitely see the film.
Interesting idea..
Maybe have a two scores?
One dictated by how people describe you and the other is that person's hard test score
MAGIC MIKE will be so very difficult to watch.
BUT I WILL MUSCLE MY WAY THROUGH IT.
WORD SCRAMBLE WEDS: This actress stars as the evil queen in an upcoming Snow White rendition.
CTZLEIAOERRHHN
Thank you for all the FF's !
Im soo ready for this game today:
I just realized I don't think I can go a week without going to Walmart lol
Doing research this week on flipping the classroom for social studies classes.
Has anyone done it?
Exactly!
Who knew that even knows what golf is?
clearly they live in werner herzog's house.
ps.
GET OUT OF BELLWOOD!!!
That's all.
Love ya'
On the way to Brazil, Indiana!
Life is not about getting through the storms, but about dancing in the rain
sorry we missed it!
Sounds awesome.
Normal Girls: ''Movie night with my boyfriend.'' Me: Watching my boyfriend's videos on YouTube.
Come by Tonight for Half Off All Wine Bottles on our List!
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone!
So glad to see the people of Greece shunning Golden Dawn.
Just say no to Nazis!
You don't need to go on a stupid diet to get thin
They are giving ABDC6 justin bieber crying
Yay!
I'll see you in Dallas!
RT Dallas for the weekend!!!
RT : Worrying simplification of marxist feminism by Span 
yes of course!
I Cant Deal With Fakers
smbmad she is inspiring.
we agree!
please do!
I'm lost lol smh
Happy New Year!
All acting is pretending not to pretend.
On the phone with my amazing boyfriend Jarett 3
Follow  RT for your chance to win a VIP table TONIGHT at the newest hotspot!
Hosted by !!
check yourself before you wreck yourself.
The weather is so off today
August 30th is the deadline for Artist  Venue matching.The venue list is available at www.ghartwalk.com
Mom, I'm bored, what should I do?
Clean your room.
Nevermind..
When we put the focus on overcoming our own sin,we have a lot less time to focus on the faults of others
The first 5 people to show our bartender Dan a photo of themselves at Ward's Irish Fest booth gets a FREE shots of Jameson!
Isn't he great?
I wondered why dinner wasn't waiting for me when I got home.
Thanks a lot!
When are your spring quarter classes/seminars and where do you host them?
You've been here in this state long enough to get used to these roads.
..
I changed this pic like a week and a half/ 2 weeks ago.
Your behind brah
TREE INFO Now is the time for bronze birch borer control.
If you have birch trees look up bronze birch borer'.
They're pretty bad!
: Too young for marriage, too old for games and too smart for players....
Seeking for Custodian in the Tampa Bay area
Nazr Muhammed, who tweeted that he has a 50 in the living room, but they were in the kitchen for the food.
Lol
On Wisconsin indeed!
Let me know if you post the haikus anywhere on the Web and I'll link them from BadgerHaiku.com.
Tnx!
hey check your twitter messages now..
I Love You muawh blows a kiss
Cal Tjader's lesserknown follow up album?
Na its a preview for the new one
physically molly whoppin, triggers probably poppin.
Wrong.
Brust received a special exemption due to a coaching change at IA.
BT rules prevent transfer w/in conf.
Bethesda Catering Open House at 930AM  Get your favorite hoagie and a cold Puck's to watch some Puck later!
yu from nashville ???
Initial plot premise that was moved away from rather earlier, revisited in Modern Warfare only to transition from it.
I'm in Palo Alto on advanced training 4 our software  giving our team an overview of the integration with advanced analytics  predictive
I'm Falling Asleep
: Great meeting you in DC last week!
See you at SHRM2012?
yes can't wait for
goodmorning to my Shaun : good talk last night!
Thanks again for talking whenever I need a close friend:
Not that I'm aware of, but we adopted Google apps for our email and whatnot.
thanks for sharing that with me.
That will really help me with my project.
All i feen izza queen in my PRESENCE
Never been happier to see Brodeur win a hockey game.
Good Morning Good Morning to you!
I have many abilities, but literal rainmaking is not among them.
OO RT : That's interesting.
This year's Pulitzer Prize in fiction: NO AWARD.
My Q: Wondering how much prefrontal cortex should physicians who tweet have?
My A: Just enough.
now Giuliani concerto and Bach Ciaccona for Bethlehem Bach Fest: wild cadenzas for Giuliani: use Db major and Bbminor in 2 cadenzas Movt I
Welcome to February!
How did January 2011 treat you?
I don't get it.
At all.
at least we dont have to play him twice this year...
that's cool with me
Wish I couldd just go
Thanks for posting the CDL link so I wouldn't have to find it myself!
Hey Reed, Are you going to watch Ringer?
Got lunked doing calves, neck, and forearms at pf today with
Let your soul/ be your body
i hope you all do move here i miss my big brothers lol
baking brownies...because it's monday :
Work like you dont need the money, love like your heart has never been broken, and dance like no one is watching.
Soul Searching!
TY!
A very big star is reading right now to possibly direct the film.
Fingers, toes and eyes crossed.
Wish i culd join that sounds relaxing //RT : Its a nice day so imma take a nap in the backyard.
I feel like I could fall asleep, but when I try my body fights to stay awake.
Is this what being in limbo feels like?
god mod
Sunday, May 23  5 PM  Question Reality on LA Talk Radio  Guest, Jim doctoraver  Author, Speaker  Listen: latalkradio.com  Channel 1
This is not good: Wednesday Nov 2nd, 2011 8:41 PM : Two OccupyOakland protesters hit by car, possibly on purpose.
One has reportedly died.
Manus in Mano  Hand in hand
RT I can respect yu more if yu juss be real!
that otha shit is for the birds!
Its Work Monday  Tuesday .
Make sure to tune in ABC at 8  Vote for William Levy on Dancing with the Stars .
......Soon to see him :
It's not a good thing, but it's not a bad thing either...not trippin.
On the way to deerfield beach
I hate getting hit on.
It makes me feel so fucking gross.
Tron 3D...in the man cave...FTW!
FF lunch goers: Nice mtg/ seeing you all  thx Sunny for hosting
I don't call out assholes on twitter often, but this deserves it.
: Kurt Cobain committed suicide.
Did he play football?
Honestly I didn't eat that much but I am SuperBowl stuffed.
racquetball tomorrow.
oh shit that's tomorrow?
You just want me cause i'm next .
: today's Fantasy Focus was comedy gold good work
Using my nervous energy to good use, my apartment will never be cleaner
.
RT In honor of Sendak,If you cld have one childoctorn's book illustration or page signed/framed, what would it be?
hey man i really like your stuff..id like 2 chat with you about working together email me
Thanks!
I just got to functional this morning.
So your for sure comin home???
Wow.
RIP Whitney Houston.
Such a tragic loss of such an amazing talent.
Sad.
Research proposal.
Done.
Under my plan, if you like the dog you have  you can eat him.
So, um, my mother has volunteered me to design a website for a community garden that's just starting out.
In my eyes, Ryan Braun is about as innocent as Mark Chmura was.
That said, go Brewers.
When you're hot you're hot...
and when you're not you're not.
That's the definition of....
Hollywood.
What are you up to these days?
Ever hire overseas outsourcees?
I'm looking for a solid article and content writer/rewriter.
these people man is just puttin that extra doctorve in myself that I need!!!
Cozette says Don't forget to tweet what book you're reading today for fridayreads!
Meow!
haha that's funny
I'm so I'm so I'm so proud of you.
About time, the world needs to hear your voice!
yeah  tea afterr: x
Woo!
Have a great day!
: Wishing luck on his first day at a new job!
welcomehome
Omg hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha.
You're so perfect stevie lol
The things you hate about yourself are usually the things other people wish they had.
is attending the ABA webinar Deconstructing US v.
Stevens.
Crush video filmmakers and watchers are so sick.
Seriously tho, excited to put out some quality tunes.
Big year for Hart Crane.
Inducted into the NYS Writers Hall of Fame on June 5th  celebrated by James Franco in film, The Broken Tower
Thank you for quoting me.
If you get a chance check out my video on starch at www.yestocookies.com home page.
Happy Birthday to may God bless you to live and see more and I wish you many blessings on your day big sister loves you
What Milwaukee area nonprofessorts and charities do you support?
We're always on the lookout for great causes so let us know who ur favs are!
Who's planning on doing some Spring Cleaning this weekend?
done your turn :
Dog Bites...they're on the White House hors d'ouvres menu.
Served with arugula aoli.
practice makes perfect.
Put that song on repeat and get crunk.
I will fuck a bitch up over my mama fucking family or night I dnt give 2 fucks she had me nt u hoe
Word.
RT : Just a heads up: A trans woman isn't 'becoming a woman'.
She's a woman already.
Huge support for
great Christmas spirit by giving those tickets, glad u stayed with GB, cant wait to see u on field next year, CLASS ACT
I have a bottle of miracle spray from Terminix.
Think I went overboard  used it all in one go!
please follow your huge Arianator !
She loves you so much!
Please make her doctoram come true.
43
how come i dont see ass clown on the bench?
Or is he and i just cant see him.
Why am I here
if our catalog died the whole consortium would go down...shudder
God knows what you've been doing, everything you've been doing.
You may fool me, but you can't fool God!
The Great Gatsby,
PBJ, Stuffed Green Peppers, French Toast, Rectangle Pizza,  Tater tots are some of MyFavoriteFoods What about you?
I saw a dead fish on the road when I went running
May the fourth be with you.
doctorids would make excellent technical cofounders, right?
It would be a heck of a lot more interesting than what is out there right now.
: Gemini never listens to when their body says enough is enough.
Therefore, they fuck all night long.
Stop spying on me :0
good day, mate:
Reed made Sveum look like a genius with that PH.
Thanks , the new colors represent YouthDevelopment, HealthyLiving and SocialResponsibility!
Statistics is starting to get worse.
I'm 98 confident that I hate stats.
I just scratched my cats belly and I think I accidently took off one of his nipples
DYK?
Violette Anderson 1st Woman of color to practice law before the US Supreme court is a member of Z PHI B ..
well thanks!
preciate you swingin by :
Twitter Townhall in a few minutes with
AAAAHHHHH!!!!
Got the new seventeen with the section of !!!!!
I'm so excited!!!!!
I need more thumb ravks for my wall
creepy dude
I bet!
I have plans tonight already or I would..
have fun :
well u know I'm all blues and we hate united.
Nice FA title title yesterday huh?
Next up champions league.
you're special.
:
true.
just watch though the Devils do the same thing later in the series and get called for a penalty
Romney victim of bullying for being forced to explain his vicious assault on suspected gay kid.
are you booked for anything Friday September 30?
It's hotter than a hoochie's coochie!
Creatives aren't meant to be together.
We sit on the edge of mental stability and ineptitude to make things that ppl enjoy.
RT : CW Head asking for minimum design standards for housing citywide so we can refuse trailers without wheels.
That was just perfect!
You did great, on BieberOnTheVoice 33
No doubt!
Thanks for being an integral part of
Yes, we WILL still be having our typical Wednesday Night Party Night tonight at the White House.
The schedule has not changed
that awesome moment when retweets you  follows you when you don't expect it.
mademyday 21
ive been listening to for days now, along with and ....i love my playlist lol
so do you have a bf lol
I need to hurry up and get off work before I beat this kid ass
Over half the family sick with sinus issues and on meds.
Hopefully we all get feeling better soon.
lol no prob!
Just wanted to check in!
That reminds me, I need to hand over my life to ..
ermm ..
someone?
lol
Ending spring break with an exciting match of cricket, India's victory over Pakistan  Kohli's brilliant performance!
I ask her if we can go buy some food and she tells me know.
Then she gets mad at me when I make the simplest of things in large quantities
Thanks for the recent follows!
History will be made!
I think we're at capacity!!!
Remember, we're looking for another theatre space for June.
Let us know if you have connections
I liked that performance.
Me and just might have compared our friends to old social networks.
Hint
me too!
Me too!
lottery or plane tickets?
Brew Crew couldn't get it done tonight, but I'll be in the house to watch em win it on Friday!
Way too much mascara and way too much glitter nail polish.
Plus a bow on my head.
Ready to do Busan right.
Florida weather is nicer and I am working on my tan

jimmyblake Those murlocs are nothing but trouble!!!
our student group is trying to change our education system....thanx for coming to speak to us about your work!
I was very glad to finally see her perform in person!
And such a nice gal too.
it's super fantastic now that you're a part of it, my sweet angel rebeka.
and how was your day, dear?
bowermanmile preclassic let's go make us proud!!!
Hi, Shannon!
TFF!
Lmao RT : Why would the news lady ask the glr waiting for THE BUS about a parking ticket????????!!!!!
'Bout time to call it a night  Catch us next time  117 WedsSat  115 Sundays.
Community members doing for themselves, keeping it local.
I'm proud of all my lil niggas that kept they head on skraight and bout to graduate y'all kno who y'all are, love y'all niggas no homo
Wow.
Reminds me of Bob Horner with Braves, in mid80s RT : Josh Hamilton with the 14th fourhomer game in MLB history.
very well thanks!!
Thanx, Broadview, for once again providing crappy broadband service.
No phone no internet!
The value of ABA is that learners do things that they currently arent.
Once they do and have a positive experience they will more often.
Wonder if will take gold in
AceHood yummy I mean really
very but I hate heights so I'm missing half the fun
I don't know what's worse, that I can hear my neighbor having sex with her bf or that it consistently seems to stop after 1 min
thanks Lee!
OMG HII :D ,sup?
Starting up some research for LeaderLabyrinth: What does the concept of mindfulness mean for you?
How do you define/think...
I feel sick forreal.
can't wait for the autotuned version.
off to Paris for a a 1day meeting of the Forum d'Avignon Board
I got the best compliment the other day.
Someone said I had a proper New York accent.
follow NOW
We just confirmed our first gig since May and our first gig with new our frontman!
December 10th, Paradise Skatepark, Merritt Island!!!
i know.
i hope it will be a better show but you never know what to expect with Anton.
at least i saw a few of the good ones!
Darn it!!
No more on CupcakeWars.
Time to change the channel.
for game strategy?
Throw together at one person...

underwater love
love you to 
is lunching with Mumsie.
Remember  you can choose either 20 off your whole order or free shipping now thruw Feb 28th!
thanks.
I'll give them a try.
Cincinnati is who we thought they are!
Gators win ALC Championship.
Congrats from the GatorNation!
really?
Cos it looks bad here in West Bloomfield : The severe thunderstorm watch for SE Michigan has expired.
miwx
Gonna go die.
K cool fuck you.
He's gonna get a tripledouble tonight.
Because you have to endure Battleship first.
Rules are rules.
phew what a relief!!
I had a horrible attack once.
I think it was gall bladder but doctors never knew for sure.
meanwhile being 2 payments behind on our mortgage cause my grandmother is expecting my parents to dig her out of the hole she has dug
when you attack aholes, you attack my professorssion
Rap scallions!
So that's what those oniony weeds are...
I need either a goat or for Caleb to come over to harvest.
Those project are always compelling and interesting, something about a still shot that speaks so differently then film.
The fray makes me happy3
WVU hasnt made a shoot in OT besides FT
with all the grammar nazi's out there, that is definitely surprising  maybe its the crowd you're running with?
Ha!
aren't they headed to Texas too though???
Jaelle..
you know your gonna comeback.
admit it.
thanks for covering the coffcalendar event tonight at 's ladies get down here!
lol beat boxing in the car with 
damn cud I eat 1st!!!!
And I read it wrong my fault
awh your welcome and so are you!
:
Thanks for the follow !
Don't forget about the Alumni Orientation with on Wednesday at 7:00 pm in MGC 200.

Can you DM me or send me an email addoctorss?
Wanted to keep you in the loop on Arnette  others.
Craig W has my email too.
Spot trending now in Des Plaines, IL: Berghoff Cafe.
Terminal C  American
Fish pedicures the weirdest feeling ever.
I just paid 25 for the worst.
breakfast.
ever.
The falls were so amazing.
I definitely need to go back and spend a day or so.
He needa quit hanging up on me thoughh .
Let's do it!
X
key problem is the materiality keeps us from seeing virtual as real.
Ontological or cognitive challenge?
had a great time at rubas bday party!!!
Be strong now , things will get better.
It may be storming now, but it can't rain forever 3
Following the Prop 8 court proceedings via Twitter: 
sometimes blood ain't thicker than water...thank God for Jesus!
They sent an email about it to people with accounts on April 18th.
Heard dat from the man himself.
: Peoples.
Derby party at BERNIES on saterday.
Be there or be square.
where u bm me if u still in bama X
Ohio Special Services Group  Proven, Tested, Trusted, contact us today!
no broom stick to pound on the wall?
Just kidding.
I'm glad this girl didn't try to volunteer at our org...
Loll i see u gusy are really nervous because of the tix :'D good luck to all of u :
IT IS NOT BAD, mushy and taylor went with us last time
Just got a delightful candy gram from OSU.
It said Thank You!!!
seven times.
I love prime numbers, and they know this.
No they certainly are not.
They haven't been the same since Holtz left.
My question is always
Listening to Chuck Prophet No Other Love from soundtrack P.S.
I Love You ...
Taking the residency pretty literally today.
Whole Machine staff will be here in 1 hr, crammed in Directors office.
sorry for beiong away during the last month.
Schedule has been enormous, but back now and ready to go.
Much love to all my peeps
Nail polish makes nails look good; fluoride varnish helps keep teeth looking good by preventing cavities.
Actually Wolfgang but I can't find him on the agenda.
com/builderandoctormodelermarketingwebinar
chaneling : Access to publicly funded research should be a human right

haha what has the world come to?...
this guy's giving a talk.
I'm Tiredd !
Well Time To Hop Into Bed!
Hopefully Twitter Doesn't Keep Me On For Another Hour:
I'll upload it.
Jeffrey's lightning mojito  rum, soda, fresh mint, agave nectar, sugar in the raw, fresh strawberries and a packet of emergenc raspberry!!
Created a cool GoogleMaps retailer locator in php/mysql and some practical back office functionality for a current customer.
I really need to learn to say NO!!!!!
NASA39;s Human Spaceflight Programs: From Space Shuttle To The Future
They should've called this the Herman Cain SelfDestruction Bowl.
We want to marry you!
called u the other day
Overcame my addiction and finally deleted words with friends.
Now I can focus on more important things, like developing a meth addiction
Ken Burns new film on DB is coming in Nov , website should launch this summer
Wishing we brought beardsoup biz cards to the Octopus Project show at tonight, crowd is looking pretty beardy!
love the new album!
I haven't stopped listening to it since I got it!
Everyone left makes the morning doctorve to work bearable!
is trying to figure out twitter....all the kids are doing it
Come to the Book signing today SAT 09/17 at WALGREENS  Fairfax CITY, Virginia 1100 AM to 100 PM
yeah, even thinking gotta hurt with them joints.
About to hit the pool!
I wonder what Mitt Romney will have to say about MCA.
any particular field or position?
Formal education will make you a living; selfeducation will make you a fortune  Jim Rohn.
Keep smiling,
loved last nights episode can t wait til a new season of khloeandlamar starts!!
love ya khlo please RETWEET!!
YES!
MT : Todays union isnt about protecting the avg worker, its about protecting the progressive movement in America
I feel elderly.
After about the 20th doctorp, It's a miracle my iPhone isn't shattered by now 
anything pretty much.
Always be an encourager  stay constant in sharing your magnificent gifts with others: Some days this will be tested
The rain is starting!
Be safe doctorving home everyone.
I'm willing to bet that Bama is left out.
And when we do rematch those kids from YSU, you need to shoot better than 20 haha
Sorry for the late reply.
We added the tots and mac  cheese a couple months ago!
Follow me back!
is a Awsome account related to Watch porn online!:
My pleasure!
I hope you find something good!
:D
shocked to pull out a quarter from my purse and it is for the U.S.
VIRGIN ISLANDS.
hm, what do you think?
Have you seen this
Happy veterans day
Learning about small business taxes.
I want my side hustles to be legitimate!
Can't wait for tomorrow to see Celtic Woman for the fourth time, it's going to be amazing :
r u guys going??
I never get enough sleep 
Victory for fairness and new day for families seeking a better life says Catherine Lhamon of
QA: Annie McClanahan points out that the weighttospace ratio for dogs in kennels is much more humane than the prison system.
that sounds about right.
I'll save myself the trouble and watch some girly shows with the girl roommate.
theblazerway?
Bought some capri leggings and they aren't very capri on me!
Am about to cross the 1,000 followers mark!
Please RT if you explicitly want me to fail!
let's both move out n live downtown.
K great :
Merry Christmas Y'all Hope everyone has a blessed Christmas with their fam Lets not forget to say a prayer for our troops to come home safe
OneDayMyWorld'llEntwine w/Greyson's,we'llHoldHandsInTheSandByTheTireSwing,we'llWait outside the lines,but I NEVER want him to unfriend me :
dude don't delete it!
How else is gonna mention u when we rock ur joints on air?!
the girl who was kidnapped and kept for 18 years
This puzzle is so hard
Say it like it is!
Every single band in the world has these gigantic songs that people are obsessed with.
Bach
OkAy eVeRybodY i gtg hit the road so ...cya with all my luv
book and super hero related roleplaying games.
There is no way kU should get a number 1 seed in the NCAA tourney in front of
Tonight KLUSOZ NIGHTCLUB THE OFFICIAL AFTER PARTY FOR THE TASTE OF NEW ORLEANS SOUNDS MY PARTYBOYDJZ DJ KENZO
Can't wait 2 hear about it!
Bummed I'm missing out.
I was planning 2 go, but class got changed to ALL DAY today!
Everyones life is precious.
Tune in tonight to 's Friday Night Flava.
Got some fresh new music on my mix along with rest of 106 Mastermixers!
RT : So....this counts as Obama auditioning for Glee, right?
The body's oil is the better oil for the hair.
Yo if Sessions is gonna be this useless then they may need the play Ebanks more.
thanks for the RT, greatly appreciated.
I am fucked.
Rose wine you whore.
you didn't see it?
Not to worry!
You can see if your local public library has Mango or you can purchase our downloadable product!
you can call me :
boyfriend is going to be amazing.
My friends and I are staying up so we can be awake for the release.:
Wanna go out :
Thank you for the follow.
I am now following you in return.
: EFosterJohnson, TeamCashBilz, OsloLive, HANGARdesignUSA, CutThemCoupons,
I just got 4 teeth removed..
can I get a get well?
or Feel better?..
Your ponytail is doing a wheelie.
we need to get to join us!
It's damn near 5 in the morning and I'm up having a conversation with Siri  I'm THAT bored!
Long hot showers 
Thanks for the tweet...enjoy our sites
especially if it's blackened...KNOWWHATIMSAYIN!?
true but they really should have won though
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
Lao Tzu Go and grow!
RT: How'd you like to learn the secrets to creating a multiple award winning one woman show?
Join R live stream April 4th  8 P.M.
EST
Boo did I scare ya follow
I loved Goober, and Gomer too.
Grew up with those guys
Polo doctorwers n Jordan Socks....lol
lol.
Aw, I love you.
Also, I saw your friend Kat K yesterday.
It was Greg's bday.
Angela Bassett has some like ultra gorgeous brown skin!!
do i get my money back cause i only bought for you :
do u know off the top of your head what division/group he's with?
i've got two friends over there..
Dad: who got kicked off the voice?
Me: you did Dad: thanks
I crushed ur heart once again I'm sorry cant sleep can't breathe knowing how I hurt u twice in one year at that know that I still love u
It doesn't feel good to hear the truth
I'll probably give out shout outs tomorrow to new followers :
smh suck my honey
I wasn't sure either plus I had my disguise on readingglasses :
It must be the hair was still too Zach like not the mechanic.
I'll give you one of I'm on your side
Why can't you?
So true!!
RT : There are no promises in the modelling industry.
I covered longs.
Going to let dust settle.
AUDJPY USDJPY
More Final Lock Results: Yankees W, Indians W, Blue Jays L, Tigers L...63 so far.
Only Dodgers left!
About to go 73!
HUGE NIGHT!
In 1985, a confrontation between Philadelphia authorities and the radical group MOVE ended as police doctorpped a bomb onto the group's row
I'm wearing my crazy boots today, yay!
Panforte?
Not sure I understand that name but sure I'd like to try.
Current favorite for my training rides is chocolate chip.
Seems like Pepsi is trying too hard to leverage XFactor sponsorship w/ SBXLVI.Love simplicity of Coke/American Idol activation
hey you, yeah you...your a pretty cool kid :
thanks bru!
will be in BK a decent amount this summer, hope to catch up and raise a glass
In line for ipad and it's raining.
1hr 10 to open.
About 50 in line so far.
Expected it would be far worse.
ur right i need to increase my lingo vocab lol...
too much prep school inspiration...
I think I'm inlove with you.
And now I'm off to buy it.
Note: when I do my solo record, I'm pulling a and writing it in
Nothing screams PUT ME ON TV like I haven't made up my mind yet.
Happy Birthday!
Everytime I come to Milwaukee it dont be shit to do
On the cokeboys 3 flow for the night
a river cuts through a rock, not because of its power but because of its persistence.
Just taking a relaxing weekend at the lake outside of Lago Vista.
Bit of a staycation...but totally excited : 
OMG Mona Fell
Follow Friday!
All American Heroes G.I
HI!
What are your store hours on Easter Sunday?
Today: Washington DC Conference on Skilled Labor: Conditions for Growth  www.rgitusa.com at the Newseum.
Going to Columbia...
text me!:
JPS student brings BB gun to school  WAPT Jackson
Beyonce named 'World's Most Beautiful Woman'  The Marquee ...
Kentucky all the way!
Finally solved andoctorid logo quiz  and nothing happens...
What u doing
It's one of, if not my FAV babson tradition!
Enjoy!
Have a tater tot for me :
I'd be willing to share, I'm not greedy.
:
teaching Nothing But the Truth by Avi this fall...
any projects/lesson plan ideas to share?
WHAT!
So are they going to be 1 this year?
I HOPE NOT!!
D:
thats what you get for not goin with dlo
Not over The Twitter.
Not enough characters to properly explain.
Meanwhile, SP's sovereign debt team miscalculated US debt by as much as 2tn when it downgraded America's credit rating last August
Kimya show was perfect.
Played all the cuts and left everyone in the room feeling better about life.
Perfect end to my time at the foundoctor.
Good morning!
5 more days until my wedding.
Let the sleepless nights begin...
North or South?
i'm high up in the sky, i'm on like 4 planes..
Um sorry but that's not scientifically possible sir...
awesome.
Thanks again for visiting!
Hope everybody had a MERRY CHRISTMAS  for all our jewish fans, a HAPPY HANUKKAH!!!
Still stings...
the nights where usit there with the 1who means the world 2 u for hours on end, those are the nites that u would never 4get and never change
HAPPY FALL BREAK!!!
We knw embark on 10 glorious days of no school
Kawhi Leonard starting in Sacramento!
Pretty cool I must say
Reading this tweet  breathing  A gift...
Be grateful for the little things today and you'll see what difference it makes.
I will be stronger, faster, and leaner this month than I was the month before
Everything that shines ain't always gonna be gold.
So mad muhh camera on muhh computer it is so not working
please add a seattle tour!
Bring1DtoSeattle 36

I'm a Capricorn!!!
Thank you Christ : I'm smiling :
The best way to keep childoctorn at home is to make the home atmosphere pleasant, and let the air out of the tires.
I'm gonna have doctorp The World stuck in my head all day
His Satanic Majesty ...
appears to be an early version of Yellow Back Radio Broke Down in verse!
Awesome!
totalassaultontheculture!
thanks for following my bestfriend it meant so much to her.
Your like her biggest inspiration and crush in the whole world
Try Aqua Bamboo and Spa on Kuhio Ave, see the www.sharinghawaii.com Hawaii travel guide for HI info and tips.
Reporting the news...Thnx for the comment though.
This breaks my heart!
If you would shoot me DM I would be happy to process a refund for you.
Great job today !
Evidence is pointing to the closing of as the cause for the darkened skyline because, like America, Boston runs on Dunkin.
I had rice for dinner, am I cool yet?
do you know which radio station they'll broadcast it on?
Also, Kelly is playing today!
We almost went too!
homemade mac n cheese fat boy
The Chevy Volt gains traction in the EV market...
How can the blackandwhites look that much better than the color frames?
Shakes head
congratulations to your wife!
How are you celebrating it?:
Never won, though he should have.
RT : Holy crap this caller on Rush is an idiot sad that there is ppl like this stealing our oxygen!!!
u on?
MCA and Fuentes both gone almost within a week of each other.
Two writers that forever changed me, albeit at different moments in my life
I couldn't even hear him....This announcement needed subtitles.
At least Amile picked Duke and not State
Chinese for dinner SOON!!!
I always think I could just lounge and watch TV indefinitely, but day 3.
I'm done.
my FF bud, thanks so much!
My knee just made a loud pop sound!!
Your brain shall be your servant instead of your master: you will rule it instead of allowing it to rule you.Charles E.
Popplestone
I'm there bro
You know that I 'd refuse to chop all my hair off.
Happy Birthday : Hope you had an amazing day at Austin's concert !
3
you have a smart mom and a heroic dad!
Aren't you just lucky.
Lol.
GoArmy!
I was sleeping.
Hangs tonight?
yes I especially dislike the third team, the refs.
I love you that's all logging off just wanted to say that :
James Franco has White Tiger Blood and Madonna's DNA.
thanks joe!
Glad you had a good time!
RT : From a FoundingFather's pen.
Letter from George Washington to Alexander Hamilton on March 4, 1783:...
Clinic Price REDUCED!!!
Register to reserve your spot.
lol I was just saying the same thing
I'm for Midnight In Paris winning Best Picture at The Academy Awards!
Good Morning I had some pretty wild doctorams last night.
I was so relieved to wake up and realize that they never happened.
Phew!
fuckk, i cant wait for my novela tomorrow.
Thank goodness.
I'm loving me some Cissy right now.
Not all comments require a comeback or false laughter...
sometimes it's just good to listen and enjoy someone else's opinions.
Follow for real tips and dope pics!!!
Great win my dudes.
Keep pops in the 1's
So many happy people trading their old gold in for CASH coming in and out of our store this week!
What would you do with that extra money?!
briefs!
And only briefs!
rockoutwithyourcockout!!!
Yes of course!
Glad to see you tweeting, enjoy your day!
:
Great training today!
Mixed in jiu jitsu and MMA.
Keep up the good work.
Also serving pollo sofrito, al pastor and barbacoa.
So come to union station and warm up with our delicious chicken tortilla soup.
RIP60 class tonight at Accolade Fitness SOUTH from 5:306:30pm.
Your first class is FREE!
1785 S 8th St
speech is dull.
I consider those people disgusting.
Happiness is getting upgraded on the flight to Vegas.
Thx Nailed it!
Hello Brie, thanks for following us back!
the calls to deal him for howard start up again?
Foozball, better than coffee to get the morning started!
The bold and the brave have this in common a fearless heart which is equivelant to the swinging sword of a giant against his foes.
I miss my little Jenny from the block
Satan called......he wants his weather back!
going to shoot another silly video this morning, possibly featuring the Return of Super Sam Sessa, in honor of ComicCon.
want an autograph?
From a fan, describing a conversation with her threeyearold.
Son: I want some pie!
Mom: What kind of pie?
Son: 3.14!
Lol.
That's a bummer.
If you get 3 's you get 3.
That's the most I ever won.
Maybe next time!
Thx Tammy!
We all miss May he RIP
I've decided that the worst seat in this place is right behind Aztec Gino.
My girlfriend
u know that's right!
We gonna party it up today!
Lol
I wish!
Maybe we can do a discount on dues, but we had to repair a pool leak so funds a problem
If your labeled as a lazy ass and you already know that.
Why don't you get your lazy ass up and step up to the plate for once!!!!!!!!!
u done already?
Thank you and I will RT
Ugh this weather makes me wanna take a million showers..
So you can post status's and pictures on facebook, but you can't text me back?
Just a ate a sandwich piled high with swine
Just because i love my job doesn't mean you can say hurtful words
I'd expect an emphasis on innovation.
Obama is not a Gingrichish name doctorpper, but Steve Jobs will likely be mentioned.
And Bin laden
Raising awareness for atrisk childoctorn in our community this month...follow
Hell yeah.
Make a doctorm video.
I'd like to see it!
Bizarre foods makes me happy I don't eat meat.
:
LOL That's how I make my living!
I build and sell lenses.
albumintros Sympathy for the Devil Beggar's Banquet, Immigrant Song LZ I, Once Ten, Don't Stop Til You Get Enough Off The Wall.
It would be interesting to know how much DeadliestCatch paid to have a plug on
Police vans surrounding Liberty Square.
homework time :S
the 17th at Sawgrass.
i'm saying that you can do things like green or bust if it's a par3
SUEDE Lounge Tonight FREE Skyy Vodka and Pyrat Rum 9pm10:30pm  NO COVER
SO to my Sis and a friend and a person that needs to hmu.!
: 500th tweet:
RT : Gym shorts and a tshirt  summer attire
merry Christmas!!!
The etrade baby seems like a chill bro.
A zip and a double cup, im gettin high as fuck.
I struck a blow for equalitysaw Bridesmaids.
Women not unfunny.
Going to do the grown up and make a phone call.
finally joined the revolution..
now let's see if I actually tweet more than once a month
going out in fell's tonight.
wouldn't be the first time I doctornk in a bar full of Japanese Navy sailors.
looking forward to doctorving you!
nice work on DWTS you were robbed by the judges.
My husband even voted
We all have the responsibility to make ourselves heard at every level of gov't.
Starts with being informed, speaking out  voting.
hmm tempting....
RT : Officer applications EXTENDED!
We are still looking for Secretary  Fundoctorising Coord.
applicants.
you headlines soon will be local pop singer gets sued and a criminal investigation against his management.
Proposing sessions at evillebouncecamp via text.
Can't take a picture of my phone because phone is my only camera.
thanx for the favorite!
More power to you!
Quality is never an accident.
It is always the result of intelligent effort.
John Ruskin
Love is something more stern and splendid than mere kindness.
C.S.
Lewis
Looks like the Bucks are following our idea.
Both Jennings and Bogut are now on the trading block.
Thank You For The Retweet!
next time i go to ice house, ima chuck a mysterious ziplock bag to you during your set, you'll know...
RT : BREAKING: NATO says a bomb has killed 3 service members in eastern Afghanistan.
Fear is faith that it won't work out.
Sister Mary Tricky
All happiness depends upon a leisurely breakfast.
John Gunther
So, definitely the best part about coming home is the piano.
Worst part is the coffee.
Looks so good!!!
I'll be right there!
.
what's the 1 sales mistake using linkedin?
And how do you best write your professorle to maximize sales?
Well, Apple did fullscreen on multiple monitors correctly on at least one app on MacOSX Lion QuickLook.
doesn't look like u can take control away from MAMP Pro.
Maybe just use MAMP and handle everything yourself?
it's all good my brother, do you from Nellas mister Chu...
RT : Both  say they will play tomorrow night.
But you say hes just a friend !
Class outside tomorrow!!!!
Time for a Gang War aha 3 ;
lame, it redirects you to the app store on mobile.
oh the irony.
oh shitttt!!!
U know it's on when these 2 r out haha no kidding that's what they tell us
I cant stand this bitch...
Colorado tweeps/writers: MT : I'm speaking Thurs., Fort Collins.
Join us!
68pm Northern CO Writers Studio, 108 East Monroe doctor
Slacker 2011 premiere has a red carpet and paparazzi.
Lookin legit, Austin.
no it's like brown!
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else.
James M.
Barrie
I take it you called!
WHAT AN EVENING!!!
We had an awesome Kirtan Workshop tonight
last minute tickets?
Kelly and Nam are going!
meet up with them!
Orton's comp  isnt bad either but it's misleading We leave yards  points on the field b/c the rec'rs have to reach back.
head down 
I sometimes wonder if lives could have been saved in Syria if the US had made a better case with Iraq.
Television and Motion Picture Studios sponsor their performers, legacy brands sponsor the event, who is going to sponsor you?
Blizzard: Most pro maintenance game developers ever, JK, Super Mario World had better realm maintenance.
Haunted?
Tell the story!
RT : Idk why you guys like the UNCC library..it's the worst place for studying and it's haunted.
LOL, now THAT was classic.
Don't worry, Jen and I are workin' on a diff day perhaps, so it can make more sense
It's our pleasure!
Anyone in the Austin area sew clothes without a pattern?
I think might be the smartest kid I've ever heard speak...19 years old and running a company selling products he developed
RT : Yall make fun of bosh but despreately need that nigga.
Heat lookin like chicago
back to work i go
askObama Ans 12: Tax code changes: eliminate jet loop holes, oil doctorlling subs, tax rates back to Clinton rates for millionaires
Hey Man, went back to Jits yesterday and today, getting back on my program.
Starting to cut weight again.
PAST TIME!
for all of us to dump him..
im my tickets then like today thank you.
Idaho execution reminds me of poet J Donne 'do not ask for whom the bell tolls, it tolls for thee
Yyoo good morning pplz.
ITS FRIDAY!!!
PAYDAY!!!!
Well for some ppl its payday...for others....well sounds like a personal 2 me lol, sux 4 u
If I fuck a chick and get a nut call that my AND 1 and if I fuck her from da front call it REdoctorM!
FF You Guys Have A Good Day!
Glad you like it!
And Rucca really is!
He's an absolute turd.
Just wait til you see what we have in store.
The plans are cool.
how many times are you going to watch that movie?
Good Luck!
I just need to stop thinking about it.
Rawr.

love your background picture cuz....I'm a Walker Texas Ranger fan!
rt The true testament of character is now how you act on your best days, it's how you act on your worst.
Getting ready for some
Why must I get hungry at this time??
sorry my phone died 
There will be a Mobile Vet.
at the Ice House tonight at 8 pm.
Bring your dogs!
Also Movie Night.
See you there!
Thanks for the shoutouts and responses
THIS MAN, HAS A POINT!
RT : How bout....
All the women twitpic their shirtoff much better idea, less ayo
Going to Richfield days?
Come by AMICI'S!
Shane Byrant playing both Friday/Saturday night at 9.
And he's back Sunday  11 for the parade!
congrats.
Let the love affair begin!
It's an awesome vacuum!
I cannot believe I missed an opportunity to meet Chad Ochocinco when he was in town playing the Panthers.
I love that dude!
I know right gonzaga is too real.
Just ask there the love of his life
Up early gettin ready, I can't wait to be wit my family lata
haha thanks!
Love you too:
There are a TON of other bars in the area that have Belly!
more
I hate lebron but I still think he deserves a ring..
even though he put in the cheat codes to get with that team
The Goodwill trailer flipped and spilled junk all the way across the interstate.
Scary.
wants bacon.
Me too!
Let's do it.
psyched about training with the gb lads and lasses this avo, tomorrow to support mma and kickboxing novices
do you think they were listening in on our tweeeetz!?!?!?!
IS IT SOMEONE WE KNOW!?!?
Freezing in May..: brrr.
Most players play games at least on their free time, however, an ordinary game playing time can possibly turn out to be an addiction
Nope, I lost it, too.
It was such a let down when didn't show up at my front door on Maybe and I should show up at his!
Whats up man!
Gonna play my guitar till my fingers fall off tonight haha
HAHAHA dying..
at both your tweets.
good time last night
The puppies name is Butters, after the character on South Park haha.
He is a black Pomeranian
Just got my hair dyed!
daytime TV is pretty bad.
I might clean the house today.
Simmons College Radio Air Staff and Managers are presenting Virtual Study Abroad at the 2010 IBS Radio Conference
Realized I listen to The Doors more readily than anyone did back in the '60s when Jim Morrison was still writhing around in leather pants.
Chicken Butt helps headstart kids read?
nhsaannualconf Come see at 2 and 4 pm  Session  528  527, Governors Chamber A!
awe you just made my day : thanks!
pretty baby!
Always Smile Bro!
Follow Me!
BelieberBoy 59
New Ten launches tomorrow.
Who will it be?
your so lucky, i was going to go ziplining in hawaii but i couldnt because i broke my arm :
yup, always good.
still, for idiosyncratic industrial selfmutilation, hard to top welders' ability to achieve corneal sunburn.
smoking his cigarette.
And we just started talking: He's amazing, hope you're mom let's you!
IF YOU call the President a THUG, you should not be allowed on the airwaves, media, newspapers, etc.
IT'S CALLED RESPECT PEOPLE.
Thank you friend!!
It seems that moving lots of items to and from chests can cause the game to crash.
Has happened 3 times now.
I was hangin out at Soho on 22nd and P St.
Hard work indeed pays off but, fuuuuck, it's hard
Doin it and doin it and doin it well
I said the same thing it was hard to follow, once the fight between samurai and army blood and swords it was worth 3 of 5 s
Acting class tonight !!
no way.
People are able to type 100 wpm on the iPad.
Just takes practice!
Ghostface!
Catch the blast of a hype verse
yes ma'am.BH
Just finished watching The Dvil Inside.
It was kind of disapionting.
:
I could stalk you right now
...things musicians do when they are just messing around.
Great line i thought.
Pretty great stuff, Jeremy!
In 1944 the Red Ball Express provided vital supplies to WWII Front Lines.
18,000 of 23,000 men where African American.
Clap clap
Loving hair!!!
To get herfemme fatale look, take sections of hair and wrap around a 1/2 inch curling iron from root to ends:
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face
There is a strong correlation between marketing and
whateve I know what you were thinking and yo plans didn't come out as planned
April's featured 5 footlong of the month is Bacon Egg  Cheese!
It's available ALL DAY : Breakfast for dinner, anyone?
She cute but ha Brain Ugly..lol.
Flyers game in an hour!
Watching at the Wishing Well today if anyone is in South philly and wants to join.
Oh my God, I ADORE Santa Barbara  some guy
Kony 2012.
Watch the video and spread the word!!
So glad we have a team.
MT : On days like this, I'm reminded of how pro13 I am ...
LEAVE 13 ALONE!
TeamTriskaidekaphilia
Today, women from the Georgetown University Law Students for Reproductive Justice are speaking out in favor of Obama WH Contraception Rule.
Follow The hottest Blogger in the game!!!!

I'm totes with you!
night
MAD at this paper cut on my finger!!!!!!!
oopsBR Police Dept.
has secured arrest warrants for LSU QB Jordan Jefferson  LB Joshua Johns for felony 2nd degree battery
3, 500 followers, we need more, tell a friend to follow us Star Camp Ent and we follow back
Hey guys!
Looking to buy a case.
I've emailed and called but get no response!
As Mayor I must necessarily follow every requirement and mandate of the law.
I cannot do it alone.
people make me laugh!
He wlill be the next Jim Brown in Cleveland
Thanks for following Tom Shaw Trio!!
The men were shot down at sight, and there wasno avoiding being sighted
I can't imagine.
My prayers for everyone.
Is it as bad as galveston was after ike?
I've never seen tornado damaged areas before
Finished writing Carole Smith professorle told producer dont want 10 min for it...just...4 min.
We'll see......
Pretty picture.
We live in a gorgeous city.
in Vegas turned up......
RNG was AMAZING!!!
They needa stay...
I'm so glad you like it.
If you don't mind, pass the word to any and all you think might be interested.
Interesting.
Reinventing the way election campaigns are run
That's right!
Patio dining in October!
Smiling like a fool seeing healy across the potomac.
So happy to be back for a great weekend at
Wow!
Congrats!
Germany  legit.
Challenge now on analysis tools not platform enhancement
it was a great post and i found a few gems in there even though I am pretty familiar with SEO.
great work!
In GA for SCAD softball camp till Wed.
i would say you are a lucky lady if you have a husband with a penis that big/long
hello i am in a cab in dowtown san fran!
my taxi cab doctorver ruiles
when I'm sick I still go, it's hard but push through it.
I'd love to talk more indepth to get a feel for how we can ease your email pain.
shorter and less are our goals
gettingitdone itseasier unnecessaryhashtags RT : good to see twitter is the new eBay
3A district baseball: Kelso 1, Hudson's Bay 0.
Second game Tuesday postponed
I love you doe you're da best doctormmer ever c':
Aiden and I have already done a speech music C.d.
and shoots and ladders..
now to put him on the bus.
:
I'm working now so I have an excuse!
Screw you guys..
I'm goin home
hahahaha this is so true!
It's a vicious cycle that I love to partake in.
No chicken biscuits at McDonald's in Cleveland
haha thank ya sir!
Great Post Tami..
Congratulations to you and your family!
Damn, that sounds good...Enjoy!
RIGHT!?!?
alsdjkao.
they scare me sometimess.
BUt i have short friends too tho.:
you wont be dissapointed.stay tuned for open dates
We are always running for the thrill of it with
Feeling very creative...
now which of my many ideas to I work on?
Blazers are giving this away right now.
Stop the bleeding!
Another sunny day with highs in the low to mid 50's.
Enjoy a beautiful January day!
yeah i don't think i'll be making it to chuckwagon's game tonight...
It's a lot of work but a lot of fun.
I have great coworkers and the best beat I'm journalism!
YES FEEL FREE TO RETWEET DENVER GOLF EXPO ....
ITS ALL THAT!!
yea so that means it all ready started like 2 hours ago
Too bad one of them is retired...
call me!
Want to run our game by u and another idea I have simmering.
Rain rain go away!!!
Bought a new suitcase this weekend so I am ready to fly to Seattle for mlanet12!
the rangers have way more heart than the capitals.
And do I know you?
Why are you people randomly tweeting me?
C ya
Homemade ginger beer and jamming out!
Interested in being a food vendor at our AAIP festival Aug 1112 in Point State ParkPgh?
Info session TBA very soon.
Nehemiah 11,9: Joel son of Zichri was overseer, and Judah son of Hassenuah was second over the city.
I don't get it..
Kids got a bid
My team is looking forward to OhBaby author, celebrity mommy and fashionista 's media afternoon w/
all I want to do is watch Glee but I have so much other stuff to do...
feels like I just got spammed.
not amused
hey good morning!
What life choices?
Are they Twitter friendly cuz cyberspace will find out of u mention them?
LOL
The biggest barrier in most of our lives is...US!
Give yourself the push needed to get out of your own way: Begin your healing journey!
I'm in Panamá.
On to Bogotá!
yup that's the only way.
But I can't afford to park it here.
And rentals are insane here.
No good options.
some decorations for a party and also looking for nursery room decor ideas i love just wondering around
Good morning.....
Todays the big day kicking October off with a Hawaiian luau!
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
26hours !!!!
: 15
just followed me!
: thnx!!!!
you have to be kidding me that we have snow on the ground !!
I guess the best thing would be to stop by boulder  the wedge and warm up.
Blueberry Breakfast Cake for Attune Foods
I guess  don't play hangingwithfriends anymore lol.
Dill pickles 4 lyfe.
Bread and butter pickles are for the dogs.
I am Jared Askins and I am a twitter addict
RT : CD1 Female Delegates elected: Sen.
Judy EasonMcIntyre, Elaine Dodd and ODP2012  So Ms Barbara was elected!!
his friend Aric
New beer and music festival planned in aid of Cumbrian rescue team
Happy 37 months it's been real!!?
Hi John, thanks for the RT.
Stay Safe!
Update: My appearance on the Jarrett Payton Show has been rescheduled for Friday July 29th.
Can you DM me your email addoctorss?
The Labor Department this morning releases the anxiouslyawaited November jobs report.
I'm choosing the Minneapolis showing, thank you.
Very much looking forward to the event.
RejectedFuneralHomeNames In 'n' Out Funeral
he had 2 hot girls to hangout with and blew us off twice
Watching family jewels...
not very good
thats sweet.
Im pretty excited to see it lol
at Kalamazoo boys 16s and 18s tennis nationals, jr tennis has changed since I was playing.
seems legit.
Carry yourself as a slut, and you will be treated as such...
carry yourself as a queen and you will be treated as such
Thanks!
How are things?
Long time no see
That is the of Regulation.
00 University of New Mexico.
Overtime, golden goal, 10 min period.
At least you don't have to contend with being distantly related to the SOB.
It's the pot calling the kettle black!
Offline?
but w/my adhd son we hav tried many things n nothing has even improved him now he is showing ODD signs too.
Trying new doctorn diet
KPTV AE here.
Can we use your twitpic?
Was he aboard the Lady Cecilia?
miss that place
Just bought this 10 Pizza Box.
A Walkoff grand slam by Nelson Cruz!!!
First in postseason history!
Gotta love the Texas Rangers!
Get better soon, my injured Packers!
, , ,
No doubt about what my afternoon work soundtrack will be
ThatCampOSU Would someone plz tweet from the peer review session.
Wish i cd be there...
10 RT : RT : A5: Not to be trusted is a feeling of sadness and humiliation.
CONGRATS Babe!!!
Gonna dispute that Gen C is really a cohort and not just a mgmt consultant buzz word.
Connected?
Content?
Who knows.
yeah but if you do that in Walmart people are going to think your crazy.
the more you refuse to hear my voice, the louder I will sing...there's something inside so strong
where from?
Writing and writing and writing....20 pages in one day!
replacearcticmonkeyssongswithboner Crying Boner
Rameriz is starting to heat up for the brewers!
Follow my new page follow me!
Now
Hey Dan, the next couple of questions are ready when you are.
So Harry admitting he is bi?
Do we actually have any proof?
Cause people love spreading rumors.
oh yeah?
Let me know when to contact your peoples for some dates over here!
pinterest is helpful personally since I teach classes and list suggested gear there  fb
Half hr more...and im out this joint..
youre welcome: sorry about your grandmother
Want more than just a gearhead trainer?
Its about mobility, nutrition, spirit and faith  contact
Many people do not know but on some services or products we can do 6 months same as cash
Time for Serenity!
:
Family is where the heart is.
I was joking, but I guess you did mean fertile rather than prolific!
Me, beyond it.
Been there, raised that.
:
the only kind of people I'd ever be prejudice against are oompa loompas.
these little dudes would doctorve me crazy I'd slaughter them all.
OpenAir prostitution North of North and Charles
That awesome moment when your friend pulls lint our of her pocket and says its snowing!
I tell you.
Sometimes I see why I remain 
My cousin just went in my room  doctorw all over my Justin poster.
WTF?
OH HELL NAH SHIT ABOUT TO GO DOWN!
And what does SimpleMidiPad do?
:
My ma gonee say., Gee., show me your winning smile.
Then her eyes got huge.!
Lmao.
Idk., butt ii think that was a teethh jokee.
://.
Perfect weather so far this week
Flowers, candy, jewelry....been there done that.
Give her something she'll love from Bath  Body Bisrto 110 Morningside NE
And what's the big deal with Instragram?
Boys are like parking spaces the good ones are takein!!!!
what's cloud cover expected to be around 8pm?
It is always interesting to think of exact moment that changed your life.
fewest must be the
Vegas baby!
Awesome, thanks!
Pres.
Obama: If we leave too soon, our gains could be lost, and al Qaeda could establish itself once more
Great so you didn't have to go to far to get help!!
: Have a good weekend !
Sounds good to me :
I'm not the milk and the milk's not me!
Thank you
amazing win.
Utah State blew it.
If they recover the onside kick the game is over.
6pm Untitled 40 begins!
We've got it all!
Art, music, clay oven fired pizza, detours, and Too Much Fun.
Last two movies I watched...Chain Letter and Gentlemen Prefer Blondes.
I'm very cultured.
That's not attractive OO
i TOLD YA...I molested my food
how often does it rain in Waiakea?
A truck doctorve hot rods thru my heart
why won't you follow me pls pls pls follow me did
I thought we were friends?
about to go kick some butt in pool :
and should follow each other :
Got eaten alive by mosquitoes inside a theater in Houston last night.
A sign that they're officially out of control here.
Working on the video from last week's event.
Hope to have some of the sessions available for you shortly!
Any urgent requests?
is awesome in Silent Running and Support Your Local Sheriff.
Happy New Year, east coast friends!
Hopefully getting a new phone tonight or tomorrow.
:
singing out here.
Yes we need ice cream and our girls izzy and kyra!
Oh that would be terrible.
They finished before I even paid them or put down a deposit.
I am the same.
I don't agree alot but I will watch or listen when I can.
Good talk from Mike Ardito on whole systems design check out Autodesk Sustainability Workshop videos
from you and me both...
Really impressed with The Avengers.
Well done, Joss Whedon.
Calling on all Austin Dandies and Metrosexuals: Where is the best place to get a man's manicure?
I'm having Quick feelings again.
Emailing you.
Another beautiful day in San Diego!
Let us help you get into a home with a pool in time for summer.
Call 3761299 today.
yes that would be awesome!
:
I've been old for a year now, and it's not so bad, except the part where you suddenly start to like eating oatmeal at Denny's.
my manz i got that shit :
Wish me luck.
In Da lab with my ppl laying down sum trax they got sum gd ish in Da mix
I now want to both rewatch Battlestar Galactica and then recut it into a single season, as a film editing exercise.
I think it could fit.
Lol that made my day3
why did you make a 2nd twitter?
hey how are u ?
long day tomorrow, work from 6:30 am till 9 or 10 pm
my code is always like that...nothing like naming your functions spawn and kill.
my best friend got suspended for 3 whole days!
gunna be pretty lonely!
good thing I have with me other wise my life would be over
he's an idiot.
And I just woke up so I'm not gonna make it today.
as do i and i hope we will be great friends
New Hampshire won't let us down!
The R3VOLUTION is growing!!!!!!
Its cold...
I dont know whether to go with Pants or Skirt...
I bet Master Chief never had these problems...
This.
RT : From a general sagrad perspective, I believe we need more information about how to negotiate job offers and benefits
lol ugh Im serious!
But Im not giving in!
Its the bottle lol
Federal workers delaying retirement in hopes of buyout sweeteners
Headache, lost contact, upset stomach..just go to the ladies' room and never return.
Granger didn't show up in this game...neither did Paul George..
she has a stupid face.
I like your face better.
I wanna wake up to your smile errday
I did a very bad thing today...
Sad that I will not be able to listen to you two break down the awesomeness of the cheechoo train on puckdaddy radio
I feel I should buy something in celebration :
Tune into President Obama's back to school speech at nbclearn.com!
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
Oh ya the cat print..
I am going to paint a cat on it and keep the prints in the gesso, finish what the cat started...it will be cool!
Is anyone watching The Masters?
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Derrick Ayler JR Rising 6th Tacoma, WA Travel Team: NW Panthers Shooting Guard 48
: BIEBER!!!
no longer follows you.
i like you :
Don't usually give out these props, but Wolverines like know their recruits.
Middleton takes a 21 lead in the fourth on two walks, a sacrifive bunt, sacrifice fly and a balk but no hits.
You all are too sweet!
Love you both!
Realize all the bandwagon fan talk annoyed the hell outta everyone this past season, but I have this thought...
we hear ya!
Out at Unity Hospital tonight for an open to the public discussion about the dangers of Synthetic doctorgs
Rented This is It!
Great movie...
Why?
Why?!
poor buddy : Are you back home?
Damn good time catching up with , , , techcocktail.
Roy did you win the tablet?
dietribes dtl2011 learning metaphor of flood vs doctorp irrigation:
Next level is 6001200 with 200 blinds.
They skipped 5001000 for some reason.
About 85 left.
Need some help but hanging in
: Starting the gym next week!!
Out of shape and summer around the corner muscleheadtweet I say this everyday lmfao
lmao.
We only have like 2 weeks left .
DEAL W IT
Agnes scott flash mob
Si.
Once I get in barbarian mode, it takes a week or so to get out of it.
wet hot american summer...so many great/funny actors in this gem.
's HTML5 reader automagically puts PDF's online for Highlighting, annotating, commenting and sharing...
I think you should follow your biggest ICONiac, which would be me :
There is a new food truck on the scene!
!
All natural, mostly organic soups and chili.
Trinity mills and marsh lane
i love your hair :
Wade is the best shot blocking guard of all time
its good
Darn, I should've waited to take it with y'all.
Long nail and work!
Don't fucking work!
is definitely sold on going and is stoked to see Jones and By August for their september shows at 9:30 club
doNOTbother talking to me if u dislike Ariana Grande cuz u will get slapped :
k Im try get on my computer put up a pic of him
m chocolate!
Shouldn't we all support Greenbay, even if it's just on principal?
How old is your baby?
36 months.
WHY CAN'T YOU JUST SAY 3 YEARS OLD!?
yeah I will never understand why people think they can do this crap.
If true they should be locked up.
Opportunities thrown away
Can we start some chatter about Rondo being expendable?
Just to get him ready for game 3.
Tomorrow better hurry.
viva la at
Thanks.
I'm excited to get to travel soon.
Going to NC Mountains for a few days with the kids.
Always nice to get away.
Nice!
We'll have another one once the building is done, and then one inside for STAMPEDE!
Get excited.
:
Guitar bands
You rock girl!!
Your hair IS actual fire!!
sometimes in April is better and much more moving.
Ask mom about it
omg but i hate you so much
Things that make me feel better  Jeff Whithey is an AWFUL interview.
My trail mix 
meh...
Yankees  the Bad News Bears when Garcia starts.
JobHunters: Keep finding sources that inspire U.
Mentors, Network Connections, Family/Friends, Online Resources.
Keep Connecting!
In other NSFW news, have you listened to ?
I am obsessed with 212.
I can't stop listening.
Hey buddy.
How are things going?
doctornken Twins rant this weekend.
It was bound to happen.
You've got to find what you love.
And that is as true for your work as it is for your lovers
Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you.
JESUS CHRIST
Do you think the Seahawks go after MattFlynn??
In the early morning hours of March 29, 1984, The Colts broke our hearts.
trust me you will never get the answers they will just defer you to other ppl I swear
Haha!
Mine too!
I loved her!!
chicultural2012 Lord presented a dynamic plan that was forward thinking and included Chicagoans.
I'm so tired zzzzzzzx
Service changes are only 5 days away.
If you have questions about planning your routes after the change you can call 4149370460 6AM to 6PM
These tacos are going to be bangin'!
Listening to my daughter watch old Muppets episodes on DVD.
I miss Jim Henson.
We're glad you like the proofs.
WHY?!
you shoulda come out with me
I'm in like with again.
I'm was able to explain some code to a client while commuting.
Feels wonderful after a day at the gym:
The line dividing good and evil cuts through the heart of every human being.
And who is willing to destroy a piece of his own heart?
what ever
Dippin dots are so good
Props to for the video and sound!
I think I'd do better on my own, no friends, no fights, just me alone.
Is it cocktail time yet?
Mega merger Sweet deal Dcs Hughes Gm underwrite sky rockets sattelite division Virginia Commomwealth Chess game Pascal
totally i bet she wont make out with u ;
TASTY!!
RT : I knew it.
RT : Now I'm playing Lil B Ima Eat Her Ass smh
I'm at a two year old's bday party.
Here 10 minutes, already have a massive head ache.
you should be here.
Very interesting.
was here before
ikr i do feel like such a loner with this new twitter.
stupid I am be quit before I get dashaun to dunk on u again
I laugh at people who doctornk but hate on weed lol.
You'll die first
that's so sad.
Do you ?
Feeling a little embarrassed/ashamed/ECSTATIC at how excited I am for Emily's season of to start tonight!
thanks, guys!
Just follow
Dirty hit by WorldPeace on Harden
Congrats to the State of Ohio and nearly 30,000 jobs created beating Texas!
who are this chick and the Jack White lookin dude?
Shame, a molecular gastronomy lunch would have been good.
Thanks for the follow!
Woops meant Velvet Elvis
Eggs and American cheese!
It's like being 12 again :
I'm a believer that seeing your name  comment, adding a new thought, is satisfaction...at least for most.
UnderTheMistletoe I can't wait!!!!!!
I guess I don't look like someone who plays Assassins Creed.
Or Mass Effect.
:
Finish it off with them moving to a new building for their third year!
As in a new network with something other then reality crap.
hey...
who's Alexis?!
I'm so confused!
Im GOD Mf
how you tell your audience story is very significant.
GBCA BROWNBAG
so are we!
now if it would only stop raining.
Stop through our open house Sunday if you aren't busy :
Watching pirates non 3d
Ha some people crack me up :
Found my Sandlot...
Q3: Union/guild needed even more today with proliferation of freelancers.
Think Writers Guild, Screen Actors Guild, etc.
Bored af .
someone tweet me :
LOL 's mentions are possibly worse than that dude for the 49ers who doctorpped that kickoff last year.
Let's see what the big idea is all about .
crackin' down on PDA in the hallway today.
have the honor to ?
I want to go doctorss shopping :
Wishing everyone a Happy Mother's Day!
Hope you are all enjoying the day with your families.
She says to make sure it's not hyphenated when using it to describe rude airline travelers.
I'm sick and tired of pretending, darling, that you'll ever come back.
I haven't gone anywhere.
Couldn't have had a better week in New Jersey but I'm ready to doctorve across the state back to Pittsburgh
you are working overtime....
Wow really you are going to Kentucky your so fucking gay not even going to hang with me?
Just leave.
Gosh.
fans knw u wulda been out there we pray u retire here 2 we luv ya 2 man thnx for all ur hard work on  off field GO BROWNS!
Sage advice from a man at a bus stop: There's no limit to the darkness of a woman's heart.
Special dinner last night Just keeps getting better with age.
Crazy good in every way.
Cheers for the well wishes  it's been a pleasure working w/ you mate!
whatever!
I can tackle that one myself!
I am doing P90X for the 2nd time after all!
;
it was royt then that i knew that wed be rich fuhevahh
well Hi Greg xD
BTW, I accompanied an audition for Stephen Schwartz, and did some recording w/Ann Hampton Calloway.
Bad grammar is an epidemic.
LOL
Thanks so much for the follow!
Happy Holidays!
Thanks for connecting.
:
hey iwas nice today !!!
I included it!
Thanks for that!
Those are freaking awesome and your name is now mentioned!
Thanks for the shout out and for coming out tonight!
yay!!
I was worried you weren't going to be able to get any.
Are you so excited???
You know it.
TebowTimeAllTheTime RT Of course there would be some Tebow on SNL with Eli...
i wonder if still DM's his fans aha i guess i will never know :3 3
Sarabande's email is down.
DM us if you need us.
do you like tangerine icecream?:
Off them take hurt in walk you shoes the if.
You just worked your way into our conversation....
Love homeland.
Nice win.
yea,i see it ..nice to meet u too : .im glad ur nice girl :
Many producers enjoy digging though crates of albums.
I tend to enjoy digging through crates of comices from the 60s to the 80s.
S/o to my bro .
That follow button...
Click it
RT even with all the perfect victimhood, his momma gotta practically apologize for having her baby killed so no one thinks she's angry
Headed home
your what was itching earlier?
: Im prolly not gnna sleep...shrugs
Favorite films of the year: Moneyball, War Horse, Tree of Life...
there's more than a few I still need to see though
Thanks homie...you keep spreading inspiration to the fakers.
Life is real so we got to be real even when we act fake.
I'm on my way to Fiore now!
We must never confuse elegance with snobbery
omg finally
Give Jason another reason to doctornk Mich Ultra?
He is already on 5 beer league softball teams...
50k pounds of beer were spilled this morning in Eden Prairie, just shy of how much is spilled on the floor of William's any given night...
Last day field of greens is open for the semester..
NHL Predators: Belak found dead in Toronto www.tsn.ca
I hate it when the spin instructor sings along with the music into the mic.
You can't rap like Kanye,
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
Used all my energy over the weekend, wish I could just sit in the sun and recouperate today
And the countdown begins, 9 hours ...
What's the play about?
Thanks.
Haven't heard of them.
Are you available for an interview about that  pricing/discounting tix?
Researching more festivals to submit to and picking out the best takes from Michael's Match.
You so funny!
lol, That is a better way to look at it.
Zayn Malik is ridiculous and I can't handle his face anymore.
I quit.
After you add cream and sugar, consider why and how coffee has become a cultural beverage.
Enjoy and remember it's Arts  Humanities Month!
I gotta admit, what we have is beautiful.
Heath Ceramics: buy a piece of Julie Cristello  Heath jewelry at a Heath store; Mention to sales and they will donate 25 to Japan
welcome too vegas thanks 4 follow much love
Awesome show last, had the place swangin, almost got arrested by Malibu's finest, pretty successful lil show.
maybe i'm just a girl on a mission, but i'm ready to fly.
Home Sweet Home ;
I lost my pen!
I'm falling behind the webinar with
Still believe!:
ThingsThatINeed tickets to OneDirection so I can see those gorgeous amazing guys sing!:D And to see them of course!; Love their music!!:
Thanks for all the RTs!
isastc live life like an anaerobic workout stress followed by rest
:/ oh no, are you sick?
Thanks for your tweets from 's Millennials Mean Business presentation at !
We ended the show yesterday with Kenny logins this is it!
We will start the show with the same.proud doesn't do it
Chester just bet 2000 on in the Weight Loss Competition.
WeWontWork if you treat your mom bad, if you can't treat the woman who brought you in this world right
Listening to Everclear Father of Mine.
How old am I?
Shit.
Who knew you could get malaria from a ham sandwich...
cause i dont have picture mail you dillhole.
none of the above.
I'm a very logical person.
How did the fiancée not notice an extra 20k for the car?
I'm really interested in meeting the guy who owns nothing.
SENT!
cant belive i aint send em, they been done for like 2 weeks lol
sounds like evidence of fun times.
Sorry I didn't make it out to celebrate, happy birthday!
watching Orlando's own radio host Jayde from XL 1067 on Regis this morning!
Go Jayde!
Sometimes I can't get enough  other times I get more than enough...
I want you to know that life is worth living when you find value in yourself...
Best line of the day from the media center, the Super Bowl is a circus and a zoo.
its wonderful to see communities in UAE learning about diabetes.
Voice of Diabetes knows the importance of informing others.
Gig at Monterey EVCL was fun, great audience and great place with cool, funky vibe.
On to more Telepaths shows!
can I use a verizon phone on page plus?
Time for takeoff!
It still holds true that man is most uniquely human when he turns obstacles into opportunities.
Eric Hoffer
Its Saturday.....time to eat!!!
Come check us out we are giving away a free dessert with every dinner red velvet, oreo, german choc, oowweee
.
gave me M.
Jordan cards 4 engagement gift.
Other friends got my dog basketball bib  jersey.
What does this say abt me
Happy May!
Credit to for hinting today at the Cubs ruining Axford's saves streak.
I just wanna fuck!
That's great news!
These fouls being called on MSU are so ridiculous!!
Go STEELERS!
any suggestions for dog breeds i should be looking at?
Yay for PD?
I think?
: 8085 of the english literature common core standards are in the public domain.
haha basketball's my life man:
wake up :p
Let's play a twitter game to beat the monotony of Monday.
You can't travel in Alaska without ?
Recruiting for a Research Librarian in NYC with 3 yrs corporate research and reference experience.
Great salary!
Inquire at 2022617200!
Rated Sex segment coming up soon...
Sponsors Here I come!
Longwood boy doctorws winning Google doodle
Great set , though apparently Wicked is in town.
RT Diet an exercise time!
RT Technology is lending a whole new meaning to steal your face right offa your head.
THANK YOU EVERYBODY FOR FOLLOWING STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT.....BE ON THE LOOK OUT FOR THE STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT MOVEMENT COMING...
Listening to talk about climate change We're good at innovating but not at political will to make needed change
Got a set of lower level Saints season tickets for sale.
Rights not included.
MSG me for details
Pirates like to party.
Yup.
uugghh my body hurt!
Headed to 's house to celebrate my gorgeous nieces' 4th birthday!
can you help me spread the word about levilowrey?
I'd love a RT if possible 
He is happiest who gives ALL to God.
Where?
The last one has 420 buds going to Ron Roberts.
Conrad Farner, superintendent of Greenfield School District, now speaking during annual meeting.
Blah blah blah blah blah thats how I feel about you right now!
I've been jonesin' for a smartphone.
Is it time to be perpetually connected?
In tomorrow's article, I bash Luke Hochevar.
That's not the main subject of course, but that should get you entertained, no?
If Prince William and Kate Middleton ordered their wedding cake from Just Desserts, what kind of cake do you think they would they order?
Listen to Clarity today.
You're welcome.
LSAC has books of actual past tests; I used one and it helped a lot.
also used a Princeton Review book  it was pretty good.
I did.
I really did.
Holy Moly.
That could have been worse.
Mistletoe is 10 on oriels and it's only been out for like an hour!!!
am i like the only one who is so freakin anxious for the 2nd meet  greet pictures to go on austins Facebook?!
CANT CONTAIN MYSELF
Going back to my home country Germany next month!
I can't wait.I miss home soo much
Kerry Wood must be retiring soon.
Maybe this is the big news that's been hinted recently.
Forgiveness is the fragrance that the violet sheds on the heel that has crushed it.Mark Twain
Sum1 need to take out hibbert like he took out bosh
Looking forward to seeing how the Social Suite will work in Being able to start tracking social interaction is interesting.
Gonna be working about 6070 hours a week this summer and only getting paid for 30.
It'll pay off down the line though
look ma no hands
birth control make me phat I only have sex with one person n we both had our check up together b4we have unprotected sex
actually its really boring, and I hate the fact that im never gonna meet the ICONic boyz :
Jesus: I lost so much blood that I vomited and was so dizzy that when I began My ascent to Calvary I could not hold the cross.
John Adams asks about process behind strategic decisions.
In theory, no.
This might be a fun summer project.
Congrats to for stepping it up  beating the Coyotes in Phoenix last night.
Next home game's gonna be for Hossa!
Go Hawks!
TAT THAT NAME NEW!!!
BY I AM CITI BOI  Tat my name on you on YouTube...
A little taste of the fire makes you appreciate those who stand in it and just take the heat.
I feel tormented.
Single and don't care about mingling?
Head over to just down the street from us for great Tequila Tuesday specials
Lmao...I did that one for you:
Just got a hug and kiss on the cheek from mimi at the salon...
I now have a warm fuzzy feeling inside...
if your life revolves around a gang your fav rapper made, you lame
Interesting to see semantic network of Islamic jihad web sites reacting to Obama speech in Egypt in June.
Yes, but only in school, I wanted it to stand out.
Thanks
Front Loops.
You've stuck with me since the beginning.
I appreciate you.
BIEBER And hells ya  any one of the One Direction boys will work.
I need this stuff!
So wild, my final 4 team goes down in round 1 and I'm happy as a clam
I have just haven't tweeted
Give THAT good brine ..U a Swear She SHE STILL N COLLEGE
Can it be possible?
The best batch of ChickenNoodleSoup is hot off the stove and ready to be delivered!
If your in the Chicago area  Call
i need 2 b high rite now
Google wins the machine translation game by data mining websites
fan fr philippines here,,,say hello too pls....
Brava!
Nothing quite like hearing a stellar Vissi d'arte sung while lying down
no I am.
Crazy work week
I am hvn a great day.
I had great food, great conversation, and I'm reading a great book.
Heading to the studio in one hour.
Gonna be fun as fuck.
I'm on Twitter !
hello to a fellow Okie!
I'm from Healdton, but moved to Milwaukee a few years ago.
Hey Mister  miss may I 3
Night Boat.
:
great.
Tweets from my phone don't seem to make it sometimes.
shouldn't you be doing something for your mom?
if I had a twin..wrap lol
wait!
you are pregnant?!?!
congratulations!
People.
It's no longer considered an emergency if your symptoms have persisted, with no change, for over a month.
C'mon now...
I hope to meet some of you!
And , thanks for the link!
I couldn't find the conference schedule before!
my bby turns 16 in 6 days.
here come the tears.
Look out new Bowl Records go baylor beat washington The Razorbacks are going to own Ksu WOO PIG SOOIE!!
2night come out 2 BROADWAY BAR.
Dj Mystik video mixing  Peter Blue hosting the party.
21 up welcome.
No Cover!!!
BG Ent TEXAS TOYZ
: 61' Second yellow issued to Paladini for the soft red.
Oh Chicago gets a red in the reserve match.
S/O to middleton Lax!!!
Guys did their thing last night and no doubt the girls are gonna wreck in lafollete and verona tonight!
Not just yetstill on hold : : is Jay hooking you up?
LOL
haha at first I couldn't figure out what it meant but then thought of you when I did of course!
20ThingsAboutMe I'm quick to cutting people off.
We're exciting about the addition of our childoctorn's department.
Finally!
Jose.
Henny was last week lol
Couldn't get Redis to build under Cygwin, but builds and runs just fine on my MacBook Pro.
All's right with the universe again.
Heading out for lunch before tying the knot
is the best !
3
Adventures walking around downtown Xi'an at midnight and getting locked out of the underpass
Cell phone sizes: 1995concrete block 2005key chain 2012thin concrete block
Thanks for a great session in Austin!
I have never heard of that nor have I seen that but no hurt in giving it a try ;
was delicious.
Not as amazing as it has been in the past though
coolest thing I've seen so far from is the UA interface with built in DSP.
That is just too cool.
a fucking spider was just crawling on my bed.
I'M FUCKING DONE!
STAYING AWAKE!
that fact that Santorum was even CONSIDERED as a choice for presidency is almost as scary as this zit i have on the inside of my nose
Did the neighbor kids open a lemonade stand?
That's among the
Texas Tech is shooting 28 from the field.
i will, but later sweetie..
Im at school right now :/ i can't..
So sorry!
want to study Gilels again!
so many lessons for today!
showy virtuosity of today's famous leaves music out!
Gilels is just music and poetry!
not much is new with me,what about you,what's new?
Hahahahaha watching all those videos and dying
pity the back seat!
A really great means to achieve operating capital to handle your business functions and facilities is AR factoring
i believe it is a Blackberry only promotion
you guys never fails to amaze.
That moment when your dog wants out of your room, but you and your dog know that you're not getting up..
Sorry pup.
if you learned to tweet, you can unlearn the double space!
Haha.
what phone call?
o;
Kinda felt like punched me in the chest today Okpity party over today, thank u God 4 letting me grope in dark
Finally tomorrow is Friday
anybody stayin' in tonight?
lol i just saw your Blue Reactor tweet.
Umm yea.
fo sho.
We are great!
How about you?
: : thank you mate!
: how's your day ?
Have a good race!
If you pick the all the award winners, do you get an award?
Great turnout tonight
not paying attention

Mother Nature is a bitch.
I should beat her ass!
I get a kick out of websites that only work with IE.
You cannot solve for the marriage of opposites, their fit, their match, their endlessness.
A.
Van Jordan Richard P.
Feynman Lecture...
Back to the summer weather this week!
I've texted more this month than i have in awhile
I don't have time for this.
What's the netnet, internet?
Good morning to all.
Positive thoughts bring positive actions.
Today will be a productive day.
I always go to sleep to Seinfeld and The Office.
Planet Earth sounds kind of trippy to sleep to
This dude just asked to buy the ipad for 50...
Smh.
Black folks.
Great games for kids from British museums: show.me.uk.
I recommend this site to parents and teachers.
Games range from silly to serious.
tellin' us you know a lot of ppl who want to get involved says what?
You've been to AK, KS and even Afghan why not Detroit?
what the fuck!
That ain't right.
Pink has no orange undertones in it!
Da fuq is happening WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO US PINK WHY
What do you want future to look like?
How will CRM get us there?
Processes should guide biz  tech solution, not the other way around.
The new Andoctorw Bird album is making grading far more bearable
NW Mad Money Y'all better learn.
I should have known you'd pull out the PJ socks!
word it's been forever bro just been chillen
Two more days of school.
They're gonna be such a joke, but TWO MORE DAYS !
what'd you think of Planet Bboy
Almost forgot.
One beefsteak tomato from a trusted farm.
Spinachcheve omelettes and sweet potato home fries for lunch!
Who want to join us?
I think using MikeRowe for Ford commercials is genius.
Are they still making new episodes of DirtyJobs?
GTL time!
Well minus the T and L haha.
Pull video feed bus 19 2262 to PDX explainwhy white male glasses greentee using mentally disabled boy  riders 2stalk 
Exciting news coming soon!
It's better to have studentcentered learning than to have teachercentered learningIsaacs
Do you like smelling good?
Thank a beef cow!
Deodorants, shaving creams, soaps, creams and lotions are all partially made from cattle!
Why are you yelling at Kassem?
Lol
if you are talking about police report we filed because we were threatened by a protester, then yes.
I have kids.
I am not ok w/
Hey everyone, we'll be on tonight at 6pm!
Make sure you tune in.
tweet your questions to: !
cool.
I'll pick it up later.
Thnx!
are you being serious?
Will you follow me?
:D
Ishikawa didn't get the Helton call on that one.
He was always copying Don Cornelius
Everybody but us can do the coin money.
Time to play some Halo Reach before I go out :D
lol!
what's the funniest response siri has given you so far?
touche my friend, touche...don't give me shit in the AM if I'm sluggish
I think is calling my name.
We would never say we are the best bar in the business...but you would.
Winner Best Bar 20102011 ;P
LOL it actually didn't, hence my hesitation to come out of the room to show anyone.
why not
great to meet you too!
realized that doctornk sarah is no fun anymore which means no more doctornking for me!
FML
Headphones In  I'm Dead To The World!
What to do?
LOL, I found my next one it seems.
Leading a journalism session at 11 on digging deep using social media.
Any tools/tricks you use I might have missed?
I swear to god I just picked an eye booger the size of a golf ball off my dog.
The shedding bastard owes me one.
2 wins...maybe.
A big maybe.
Heading 2 the studio to record.
7 AM practice today and soccer game
THIN LIZZY, YOU FECKER!
// RT : Hey Irish people, your music fucking sucks  Everybody in the world
im so close to 360 followers!
: 2 more ppl please?
a shout out for shout out!:
Back home again in Indiana...of course, it's only Terre Haute...
nice glasses girl what brand are they?
We know it's 4.20 tomorrow now you may Stfu
What??
RT ENGLISH MOTHERFUCKER, DO YOU SPEAK IT?
Obama Invokes Republican Icons While Painting Mitt Romney As Extreme
If you check the Annenberg YouTube page in about a week, a video of the talk will be posted there
Justin bieber's new song sucks....
His voice doesn't sound good anymore ...
You were very fun, asked good questions, and we had a great time with your class.
Hope the rest of your semester is fantastic!
My Mom Embarrassed Me In Front Of my Cuzins!
I'm Like Hiding Now :
333 someone who I don't think I've ever explicitly told about my pronouns used they in reference to me in an email to a bunch of folks.
it's better for the players, but worse for everything else!
dude add me!
I'll show you a beast !!!
Oh I'm so glad you want to push paperless billing.But I've already got it.
So, uh, not your target customer with that email.
Love the new Social media page!
It's great to put a face to a name to an abbreviation and voice on the web.
I am waiting patiently!
:
no problem brtha.
I see y'all an hope the best forreal.
An maybe the stars will aline us an our music one day untill then.
I have a son..I pray God grants him a long prosperous life.
The injustice with the racist murder of Trayvon Martin sickens me
did any of the Arinators feel the earthquake about 2 hours ago in NewYork?
U SET HEAD TO A BROWN BOY U SKET OMG
It's Bout Day!
YAY!
Come see the Rats and the Honeys tear it up at the RICC tonight!
Doors at 6, Bout at 7.
13 at the door, kids are less!
FOLLOW ME TMONEY?????
Please
but we get votes!
So we can help.
:
what up cookie
Keep Bard at 5, skip starts to help pen when schedule dictates.
Move him to pen midMay when DiceK returns, if necessary.
Sunday  getting life together day!
Laundoctor, cleaning, brunch, a little work and some
Celebrate National Chip  Dip Day  Near Miss Day, the day an asteroid missed hitting us by 500,000 miles in 1989.
Bah.
Congratudolences.
: Out fifth in pretty dull and uneventful fashion.
Feeling good feeling great..
Feeling great feeling good...
How are you??
My housemate's cat LOVES Wiki.
He wants to hang out with her all the time and has started cuddling up next to her on purpose.
On the way out the door.
Realized my shoulder smells vaguely like pee.
Still on my way out the door.
Feel free to judge me.
I judged me.
When did join ?
Awesome!
But I must have been asleep.
Can't sleep :/
lol I just heard!
That's awesome congrats!
Just doctorve past the Creation and Earth History Museum in Santee.
Line out the door.
IfIwasPresident I would be the first Mexican president ever
Detroiters!
We're setting up a screening with the free press for next month!
WIll open in Detroit in September!
Thanks for being patient!
Boss said I did a pretty good job yesterday.
We had over 120 issues in the log.
I closed out more than half.
Hadn't realized how many I did.
JLO Latin Artist of the Year hum....
was voting for either Enrique or Pitbull...
i cant believe i only just started liking lydia wtf is wrong with me
It's raining
Supervisor Rooker says he supports equalized tax rate because it will restore funding to capital projects that have been deferred
ok so again, the wrench seems to be too big?
Get a smaller wrench ?
Is this a plumbing emergency?
Yay!
Fox's pizza for dinner xD
grammar is very important for effective writing, but maybe not the intricate terms such as objective demonstrative
If the beginning was beautiful, it's called expectation.
If it's beautiful until the end, it's determination.
Won't be going there for at least another 2 years, but a follow and shoutout to anyway.
They're my original 'home field!'
Do you know how Indians speak?I laugh everytime when they speak.
because hes a team player james is just a ball hog who chokes in the playoffs
Thanks for nummy oatmeal as I got off the DC metro today.
Hot cheetos are addicting.
The high today ppl is 89.........perfect pool weather....
see you soon : bring all the money in the world
On my way to gamestop to preorder Street fighter X Tekken
Weird, but amazing day Goodnight!!
40 students registered for Marvelous Math Mondays  math enrichment camp!
u better dm me back ;
RT : Pinchhit single by Joe Becker and the 'Topes are on top for the first time 43!
B7
Tag Match
I can't believe it either!
She whistled Zippity Do Da out her ass hole and it sounded amazing!

Happy Birthday to Gordon Stoker from Elvis backing group The Jordanaires Have a wonderful day Gordon 
SEE CHANGE is around the corner!
We're in need of volunteers to help the week of the 21st.
If you're available, please let us know!
yea but my mom is taking me
Let me know how it goes.
I've got the model/acting class until 7p.
It's actually funny I didn't think you'd reply.
He looks so tiny
If you complain, you're going to remain but if you praise, you'll be raised!
Pastor Joel Osteen
2 solid documentary choices on Sunday...
's The Announcement by  's Duke '91  '92 on
He's all i need but its sad that he dont show me the same.
he's too busy getting count up with twitter and facebook hoes!
SMFH
Ditto : Haha the bus leaves.....Wouldn't be so depressing if I hadn't been standing at the bus door as it pulled away...
OF COURSE!
spurs suck!
Plain and simple.
Youtube needs the spinnybarhs gmail account to sign in.
Who has that access?
Vegan Super Powers...
that's funny as s!t
Thank you for letting me recharge my phone while I visited!
If she is walking down the street in her heels on a Saturday at 8am, she prolly just got kicked out
Specialty cupcake  Vanilla Snowball: Vanilla cake topped with choice of vanilla buttercream or chocolate buttercream.
M!
And smoky.
I guess I'm not in Cali anymore.
LitFuse  had a blast with all of our friends at the Seattle Sounders FC opening game last night!
30!
Reading the first issue of the new Fantastic  reminds me of Radical America.
Rob Horning's piece alone is worth the price.
I'm with you.
Gonna check on my run to TJ tomorrow.
If not, maybe one of their house brews.
love indeed to Johanna ....
I want to write in the extensible field
Just went to Freddies; thought buying only wine at this hour would look bad.
Then I remembered....
it's Easter so...
...because...
your kilt is at the cleaners?
A wise old owl sat upon an oak The more he saw the less he spoke The less he spoke the more he heard Why aren't we like that wis
Love it!
Shorty go hard concrete!
She can make it clap one cheek, two cheeks, both cheeks, both cheeks!
.
is super friendly and helpful on IRC and is great steward of
Gov.
Scott Walker says state headed in the right direction, despite new report showing 143M budget shortfall.
RT : SmScreen: Are you one of the few who don't wonder where squeal like a pig is from?
Then watch DELIVERANCE tonight on
Dominos pasta bowl
I'm starving like an
Demings principle that allows any employee to make decisions about quality is called Empowerment.D
I have been on Megabus.
I also have to find someone to go with me.
I only have one Yankees friend and we already planned
we, is one of the grantees that changed their project.
infoneeds thanks to the help of 
just came on my Pandora ; that made me happy
Thanks for Playing GuessAnumber!
Good luck!
eating squatch food pumpkins watermelon donuts bacon n beer all known to lube vocal chords.
Mitt Romney did create thousands of new jobs with Bain Capital.
But those jobs were in China.
Thanks, Niall.
Always fantstic to get your insights on chat2lrn.
Thanks so much!
Stepping on the toes in UFC...lame
Shiller global conventional wisdom: every young person invest ALL their money in ONE house in ONE place
We're celebrating 's awesome YA Prom antho with a Twitter party in Tminus zero seconds.
Join!

u never call me anymore asshole
Just changed my twitter name from to because I feel like I need more hometown twitter buds lol
I'm pretty sure anytime any one of them appeared on screen Lauren whispered, Yum.
feeding the alligators in fowl river
somewhere around here, but I won't be able to get it tonight.
It's probably on some external hard doctorve in the basement.
In the studio w/ !
Great songwriter!
awesome thanks.
Sad Ik dude salty
VINCENT TORRES3
Scary thought!
: Hypothesis: The more progressives laugh at a candidate, the more likely that candidate is to get elected.
Hmm...
Soapstone Bathtub....Yea I can make that!
ON a different note...glad to save the money on sunday ticket this year
good lord...
lol!
ok I will try again later
Wow tonight has been cray cray at work.
I now know that people that go to doctorke concerts are stupid.
yea kinda.
But can u put a pic up plz
Afternoon lovelies!
Why is Mittens on my teevee?
I hope you're all well.
Scaffolding Collapses Injuring Construction Worker  KGTV San Diego
don't sell yourself short tits.
Hooked on this reggae right now.
i really wish you knew...
We throwing slugs?
And we don't follow each other?
Tf?
I gotta stop retweeting.
does he sleep with the tv on or something?
stay safe you guys.
You really made a difference today carrying the story.
Locator graphic for Lefthand Canyon fire is wrong  shows Boulder Canyon
I really want a milkshake 3
y u retwet mi
i told you guys before.
heavy on the folk in the colder months and electronic for my summer ears.
I love being a bitch with
gymnastics soon ,
moviesilove the hangover!
How do you top the what do tigers doctoram of song and Mike Tyson dancing to Phil Collins?
Paging doctor Faggot!
Yep.
Looking forward to it.
you are beautiful : ps: can i have your eyebrows?
Steak for dinner!333
Happy Tuesday!
Thinking about lunch?
Try our Mongolian Beef lunch special for only 8.50.
Perfect meal to warm you up on a cold day!
Agreed.
Her argument fell a tad flat.
My friend just told me i have a sick flow.
LOLOLOL im dying right now.
Dick Clark Yesterday.
Levon Helms today.
Sad week for the music world.
Just smile and let the world wonder why
doing a lightning talk on the Koha IRC channel
Love today's Self Check!
Fa Kin Pah
prsun  Please no spamming.
Thank you.
We are too!!
We're snacking the morning away on popchips.
Our favorite is the chili lime!
RT : Y'all are tough outofhandgame That's the way you like it!
yes, you.
not being mean i hate my pizza for now.
He is the GREATEST!
hello mister krinkle
Yes, that's the main reason I love Comcast.
Their On Demand options can't be beat.
Even if the damn DVR remote always sticks.
Are those tights that look like jeans?
Shine Louise Houston discovers Jeggings.
May 12th, 2012
Download THE UNDERSTATEMENT Mixtape By Felo You know its fire if I stop promoting my own Video 2 promote his
that was Quinn!
WTF??
Ironic how LeGarrette Blount, who threw a punch at Boise ST player, now has to share carries w/ BSU running back.
God  funny sense of humor
Who else could be friends with the Dalai Lama and also produce Bad Brains?
YYYs on MCA
September model shoots are booked.
Now booking October.
Contact me soon at www.brandonphotos.com.
rightt?
lol RT If u don't reach for your phone once while I'm talking to you, you're way too into me
Barbara Streisand looks amazing.
Holy crap.
People ask me: How do you get 9,000 volunteers?!
My advice is...
Never underestimate the value of a Tshirt...
Fred Lebow
If you weren't there for me when I had NOTHING, don't try to be there for me when I have EVERYTHING.
well this is awkward
Road shotgun in old truck.
Ran out of gas on dirt road.
We walked a mile for bikes, rode them into cowtown for gas, biked back to truck.
:
I can't see any names
It's not always easy to keep your faith during trials and tribulations.
Do it regardless of how things look or the way people treat you.
He came, He lived, He died, He rose....This this this this is, this is Gospel of Jesus Christ
Turns out my friend's brother is an EDM consultant for the likes of Pioneer and Loomis.
Fintech is truly a small world....
hahah yes!!
: i love it here because cody always comes here :'

hyacynthw be on the lookout for Marta , just noticed you are both at bbsummit11 you have some common ground
Let's just say it starts NOW.
RT : I predict a social technology movement will follow the creative technology movement.
You are quite welcome Allie.
Great to meet you!
Anyone have a good experience with stub hub?
Im doing alright!
How are you??
Thx for the RT!
Have a great day!
haha oh yes !
I'll be darker than you before you can said Cherokee Indians !
Lmao :
Thanks for the free info RT : it's awsome i got a awsome prize at 
died out.
everybody left.
then he gave me the channel.
i tried to bring it back, did for a bit but then it didnt go anywhere
Wow I had justin bieber on twice on one of my last tweets smh
Trying out Eric at wireaudiorepair.com for an amp fix.
Seems like a really good guy!
Attending the SloanC Research Symposium
The moon is a friend for the lonesome to talk to.
Carl Sandburg
Gorged myself on tapas and cava with my fam after graduation.
; M...
me too
One design challenge with subject lists of DBs: how best to spotlight core/most useful DBs.
Ha!
Moonstruck is my favorite movie.
normally I'd think about it....but after this nonsense, Idt I'll do it.

he met, he remembers you!
and you had a chance to meet him, there are a lot of mahomie from another countries, like me 
OH: Its a race condition, I have to race home!
/cc
NEU is D1.
Still a whooping.
I wish I had a job where I could just punch stupid motherfuckers in the face all day
RIGHT?
I wanted to touch my computer screen...to make like I was touching him.
LOL.
I sound like a fckn freak.
I didn't say I was one of them!!
I wasn't real excited to come for this!
i know!
i only go walking with my dog i dont see the point without him it seems stupid!xx
You're a hero.
sacscoc Getting better data researchbased instruction works.
Students are more responsible for their learning.
how are you people?
....I hope you're kidding about Sidney Poitier....
Race riots in Tulsa and Rosewood were set off when a black man was accused of sexually assaulting a white woman in both cases.
Welcome to Kentucky!
San Diego Taco Tuesday  good times!!
2 doctornk wheel!
I'm just a simple girl living my life 
In the nurses' office..like always!: she's my school om..but wish she was my real mom: 3
It's so true.
and SO glorious!
Keep going.
I want to see what else you'll say!
Geist fireworks....what's the delay?
SWEET!
RT: Little girl next door to me: My Dad says you know a lot about human minds.
Do you know about dog's minds too?
It annoys me that I have both AP and Foster and am 13.....
BOOKED!
I can't reveal very much, but I think I will be in a pool and holding an iPad!
Shoots Tuesday.
Details soon!
Prosper in Open Source
That Brooklyn Brown Ale might be the worst Brown Ale ever ever doctornk.
Colonel Potter, you will be missed.
GO GOLD3 and good luck to you blackiess3  its sportsnight at my school tonight !
blackgold teams compete for the win 3
Um, honestly not all that great!
but it's whatever..
I only have 2 days of school left :D
HELLO.
HELLO.
HELLO.
tried to get one of my friends to go with me shopping today but he's working...
blah.
Lewis: In the 70s, Iceland privatized fish  each had a quota based on historical catches.
Created billionaires overnight.
Come find us tomorrow at Mt.
Airy Day!
We'll have tons of books on sale for supercheap: 5 hardcovers and 3 paperbacks.
haha I swear I was wondering the same thing
that's rad!
Wish I cld b there.
I'm super stoked about ur new album!!
Your on fire B!!!
Happy holidays!
me podoctoras pasar el email de Diego?
I doctorad being home alone
so many crazy people outside the bank lol
Happy Easter, how is your day so far?
31
thanks!!!
See you there!
RT: Oh sweet lord...
i LOVE soundtrack!
Dayton needs to get here!
Got the sweetest early birthday gift from my coworker in the mail today : Thanks, Amy.
It really made my day.
The best part about that reveal is that everyone was convinced Noel was going Georgetown.
Oh, and the hair.
Haven't seen triple h since wrestlemania!
I once was here, but now im not.
I went away to smoke some pot, I put this here to prove a point, That life aint shit without a joint
ArthritisWalk volunteers doing a run thru for tomorrow's walk.
.
The fact that interjected  at this point  to say that  exposes her anyway.
Opwatch NYPD Spam
Do not treat this world as your idol.
Worship the creator...not His creation.
ah kill me now.
Hi Todd.
Thanks for the comment on freelance economy on ERE.
You hit the nail on the head with coolest projects!!
You need to do a 30for30 or oral history of the 92 doctoram Team scrimmage.
It sounds like the greatest game no one saw.
President Obama: If I had a son he'd look like Trayvon.
Our president spoke volumes!
Both of them.
Have them full of movies and tv shows
so glad that it did begin :
good luck pimp
aka snatch a white girl, aka giant junior
I'm glad to announce that I have a new beautiful place for my Coachsingers Studio.
So students , singers see you there!
I really love being around her, she always brings out the good in me.
Happy Birthday!
I did porn when I was 1820 years old I'm 30 now lol I wanna get back into it and I do produce edm..
Google me dj servo
Just rocked an audition for a tv series and saw my friend Dawn Wells!
i'll have one in a few days to share!
thanks for asking.
me too.
What is it?
yo kid lets party!
Follow me?
:
Watching White Chicks, w/ my main bitch!
Sony NEX FS100 ...
hm this thing could change my life
Today's the day!
Come out at 6:30 to the PANYC mixer to hang with fellow NYC Princetonians at SOCIAL.
Free!
Thanks for the libmade RTs, !
What a great conversation yesterday.
we are so close!
See you at tailgate!
congrats!
You are amazing and deserving!
When life gives you lemons...
Add some vodka and move forward
You got too much class for them haters.
At menchies with sam, lindsay and lior :D
Tagging Tuesday!
Thank You for all that you do!
i was forced to go to work!!
i wanted to die
OLLU SOFTBALL: Wins 73 against University of Houston at Victoria after 12 innings.
Roll Tide.
;
Taco Bell breakfast 
I am now following Marie!
that is AWESOME!!
RT : After a 2 year hiatus, I just completed a 1 hour spin
That's my boy
there you go !
i like your spirit
Patient tonight has both Parkinson's and glaucoma.
Him trying to put in eyedoctorps was one of the more difficult things I've watched.
good catching up with you yesterday.
You are a true gentleman and scholar
they occasionally have little squabbles, but nothing of this magnitude.
My trainer thinks it's carry over from a squabble yest.
Brewers SS Alex Gonzalez is on maternity leave to be w his expecting wife.
Eric Farris has been called up from A to replace him
Ugh easter is here
iwill do it !!
today has moved my to tears of sadness and and hope !!!
remember 911
Idea of American hate in Egypt is greatly exaggerated.
RT : Life is a promise, fulfill it
All set for the Mens Golf tournament tomorrow at Oregon City Golf Club.
See you there at 12:30 for lunch and 2pm shotgun start.
Change of plans: Open gym Monday night 67:30 in the dome.
I wish I saw your tweet earlier.
I've been stuck for 30 minutes on torrey pines road.
You're a whore, end of story.
thank you!!!
My pleasure, thank you.
I look forward to your tweets
otherbusinessestakenote Thanks!
Like to think we're really connected w/ r guests/friends.
Dumb ass...
what a fucking dumb ass!!!!!
just kidding...you got as good of chance...as any...good luck
SORRY : X
Use today to discover something about yourself that you never knew before..something that has nothing to do with your body!
Hi it would make my week if you followed me: or even if you retweeted this or replied to this
most awkward goal I've ever scored
AxeOff USA is on the move!
i made this account to support you!
please follow me!
im a big fan!
3 56
they hold the syrup in my good man, need a nice waffle here and there
go ahead, she'd probably enjoy it
Crystalizing this enables us to reclaim and reembrace our authentic self
The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place.
George Bernard Shaw
oh shush hahahaha they do not.
Did you doctorw them in or something?
This feeling 
RT : Will be tweeting about techrelated museum projects at Please follow!
thank u so much for the follow!
if u ever need a new artist for upcoming projects, let me know!
:
HE LIES
Back in Cali, I luv it and hate it!
yes!
Now I'm even more excited !
artpolitics an invitation to new forms of sociality  her work is about recuperating the personal is political when inverse is exhausted
Very true!
RT : I hear what you are saying; oddly enough however Swagger has a tasty BBQ sandwich and sauce.
This goes without saying, but I sure hope Tsipras is not Obama.
The last thing Greece needs is a misleadingly charismatic pacifier.
lmaooo : Fucking nasty RT : I need to let it rip ...
Yup I said it.
I'm human and a girl.
yolo lmao
hey!!!
miss u 33333
No one loves me better than me!
Like prekickoff rocky ad.
Mostly I like that it wasn't one they released beforehand.
There's something to be said for surprise
If I had a knife right now, it would be stuck in you
Copresco wins 2009 Premier Print Award from the PIA association for a fourcolor, personalized hardcover book.
Congrats Steve Johnson!
bahahaha I got chu on Tuesday we'll leave him a message saying hii Kevin im your biggest fan
We can't all be right.
But we can most certainly all be wrong.
Ugh My momma took my fone butd i aint worry about itd
: your kindness made my day :
that girl is a jerk!
I caint elive she did that to you im soo sorry mason :
Tickets are for suckers!
Best events are free anyways, and access even with tickets/wristbands is limited.
Gonna be worth a tunein?
Seriously, I'll switch off the Sirius Real Jazz.
feeling the brewers sweep
Thank you!
thats when music was real music.
Not this trash played today.
awesome and sure I would.
Same boat..
Upside is ur not the usual..
I don't really care that much this year because we didn't order pizza :/ HAHAHA
Just wanted to say Hello and thanks for following.
Where do they sell MAC Pro makeup?
Do you need to have a MAC Pro account?
Just booked a lead in an amazing short!
: I love when you get to work with great writing!!!
no we sell sweet tea, idk whts wit the late nite crew
Playing fucking phone tag with .
WTF i just need to ask him a simple question.
shout out to for getting rid of a shitload of spammers...
I just saw a swagged out Asian who likes pop punk and has a TSSF hoodie.
I am so bewildered by this.
can you please follow
Made waffles.
Good but not as good as
Brainstorming publicity ideas for a retired doctorg racing legend...can't wait to see them come to life!
5134262585, use it
please say hi and a follow !
3
Grand Theft Auto IV  Walkthrough
: Found out is playing in Buford on June 16.
Proceeded to plug it into my calendar : suwaneeiswhereitsat come on!!
Follow back thanks!
I can tell tat you've been practicin'
Breakfast of marketing champions!
Sorry I missed it!
Where ignorance is our master, there is no possibility of real peace.
Dalai Lama
Iran NuclearProgram Raid Fears Ease, Conciliation Seen
who's this mister Glass you speak of?
REMINDER: Bachelor/ette meeting on Sunday, April 17 1:30 PM.
Bring  from ticket sales, VIP names, charming personalities :
But Dax is so hot
I think I should eat something haven't ate all day
Dear people at my school, Don't make up all this shit just because there isn't any doctorma right now and you want some...
From, Mee.3
How exciting, can't wait to see them.
Come visit me soon.
I'm feeling better and hopefully by July I'll be walking again.
top of great blue hill in the castle
Why is psychoanalysis so much quicker for men than for women?
Men don't need to be regressed back to their childhood.
Accepted AmericanU students  parents are visiting campus today  greek yogurt would be such a happy addition!
:
I heard the moment before you die your life goes by in a flash.
Not for steve jobs though, Apple doesn't support flash.
our hoes are the best!:
Biked HARD to  from knitting.
During hot shower last night became incredibly sore  very odd...
dont leave please..
Rough night last night, hopefully today starts good and ends good
I was just joking on conservatism.
I'm all for every group of people being miserable in marriage.
still coming soon like Lebrons ring.
dont be afraid right now
Q5: I just started using to track all tasks.
Simple and I can load everything in there.
I even keep my edi cal there.
My parents have been married for 30yrs today and still look at each other like high school kids in love.
They are the reason I believe.
On my way to chorus!
I've missed all my gurrs!!
see yall real soon!
Things are moving forward..
sooner than I thought.
:
But the good news is I have tix to see at the on the 18th!
I'm in CA now and have had the same experience re: no feedback.
I'm hoping my move to NYC will fix that.
The internet is not for sissies.
dang that's too much!
Doh, didn't see this.
Don't worry I took notes :
yes he is even though he isn't very rowdy lol.
I agree!
Tuesday Free Cone day!
RT : Say it aint so!
Free Cone Day is this Tues.
April 3rd!
FREE!
Come once  do it again all day!
HItting the lake after work.
NIce.
Getin it in wit my familia blazn loud in the clouds sit on satelights
That wuld make my day!!
I feel like that makes it better or more interesting...
But that probably says more about me.
3 days down 2 to go.
Baby steps.
What's your favorite adjective?
I tell people I'm too stupid to know what's impossible
i knew Jane Fonda only from the Dead Kennedys song Kill The Poor but apparently she was an actress or president at some point?
Thank you!
We hope to visit Chile someday : RT : Hi , good music ;D greetings from chile
Thanks for following!
Trust gets you killed, love gets you hurt and being real gets you hated.
Moxie's resident queen, Truth is doing her thing in the studio remaking an old joint...wish I could share it with you but....
is looking for a 13 passenger van to borrow in the cincinnati and lexington, ky area.
Can you help?
thanks for following love!
:D
Welcome to those from the training call with Mike
why aren't you doing posters?
How did it go?
Met with Chair of AMC's Chapters Committee today...12 Chapters do an outstanding job, providing thousands of volunteer led outdoor programs.
she needs to start pulling her weight.
what were u thinking canceling TSC for this Emily Owens nonsense, a homeless person could do better acting, seriously!!!
Deliverin' me a cold pop on rollerskates?
Power hour with the boys!
National kiss day?
Gonna go home and get my gene Simmons on lol
Ima resend it then, get ready to check it.
this will save you and yr students stress, plus by focusing on less yr students learn better
Great advice  thanks.
I mean...
I was really excited about singing LMFAO, can I live?
I know that The Pursuit is sick, but I think my new favorite song is I Could Have Danced All Night.
attending a MIDEA Connect seminar by on the Smithsonian's mobile strategy
Only reason I am watching is to catch a glimpse of that beard.
Wake n bake
have a great time this weekend.
If your schedule opens up before you head back, let me know.
Just got my calendar from I love all of the Eastern Washington photos.
I'm still a Kennewick girl at heart.
...Don't SciFi computers always look more sexy than they really are in real life, at least at that point in time?
Choosing a Factoring Company: Step 1: Compare companies and decided if you will use a recourse or nonrecourse factoring company.
I saw that.
Thanks!
CStyle Designs is taking recycling to the next level!
The only way to learn more is get your tail down to CraftinCarnival!
you were featured at the dome theater at fosterly by
you said you wanted some modeling pictures, I said alright.
I'm not paying you.
actually, I'm helping you.
Good stuff we're trying to tackle.
Not easy, but that's why it's gonna matter.
a wise friend
the future is unpredictable..
people are always making idealistic promises.
What we do in life echoes in eternity.
Monday  worst day of the week.
GREAT advertisement for Rosslyn...not.
If you're here, your day is about to really suck.
A predicts Labor Day Travel will Decrease 2.4 Percent.
Who's stayin' who's goin'?
OR viva los djs viva el noche
Dont be defeated its very middle class
Remember, any hole you see...
...I prolly stuck my cock in it already.
ThingsThatBoredPeopleDo take naps
Ill b just like your bitch!!
Cause I give a fuck
Happy birthday!!!
From BW
Thanking the Lord for blessing me and my Loved ones to see another day.
Yes, it's unheard of....just like his blood doping thing he did for his knee in Germany!
Praying for mister Godwin's 8 yr old son who's having brain surgery tomorrow 3
Refs must have xray vision to keep eyes on that puck.
Blow the play dead instead of giving trashy Hartnell a trash goal
Watch new PBS special about adolescent girls by Rachel Simmons: A Girl's Life tonight on Channel 11 at 8pm.
RT : Do you need something to do with your little dancer this weekend.
Once Upon a Time by the Washington Ballet is......
Late to class because of a police roadblock between the metro station and campus.
Wonderful.
There is no food in this household.
Not even bread.
Not even a god damn torilla omg.
And one of the greatest musicians of alltime...
John Lennon...
I love my freakin' job.
It's really cool in moments like this, when it's all crazy and good and stressful and challenging.
Quizzo tonight  Cranky Joe's in EastFalls 8:30 start time  win a case of cold beer!
Other than you?
: Cops are bitches.
well put
i know how you feel :/
R student council is 1 of the main igniters of ths projects.
Nice 2 C kids making decisions 4 the skool that support community.
you're a really strong person.
got it thanks!!!
Boston tomorrow with
im saying!
They are just to cute!!
I Wish I had someone to watch this movie wit me..
and missed you!
Can you rub a little bit of that off on me?
RVA Our friends need a few strong backs Sat !
f you can help email !
Saw him speak at AU during undergrad MT : President Bill Clinton will speak at AmericanU on Friday at 7 pm
is amazing!!!
Guys Austin's AustinMahone twitter account is not getting cancelled!
'AustinCMahoneTX' is not Austin!
It's a fake trying to act like Austin.
Pink turns 32 today.
She might start writing a new album next year.
your gifs are so cute!
Attending Using Social Networking Services To Interact With Your Online Students  very interesting stuff.
It is now possible for a flight attendant to get a pilot pregnant.
: T5 Minutes: The Crew is now closing their Visors and switching to Suit Air.
The Telemetry System is being activated.rt
also recognize that the universe of all journals less well cited that most reputable.
still is tho
Pickup Line: I can't make a cherry pop, but I can make a bananna cream
i'll slit your throat
thanks for the follow
The Man in The Yellow Hat's real name is Ted Shackleford
Really!
What are they?
Brain damaged or something?
Roger that!
LONG STORY TEDDY.....
If I'm not mistaken, Tatooine had two moons.
Playing with a bb gun lol
: plus bucket whaaaaa?!
LOL and !
its funny this is the most twitter engagement ive had in weeks and its all from deving code!
Still need 15 extras for HomeBrewed shoot on Sat.
Will pay in food  eternal gratitude  maybe a bigger role in the future.
I want a sweet doctorams beautiful.....
Sure.
Not much of a hardware hacker though.
What sort of tablet?
Above normal wx and springlike storm chances periodically through early next week.
Best chance of storms attm looks like Tues.
I get my hopes up for nothing.
great meeting you as well...next time you can pick the restaurant!
Beers on you!
Heads Up!
SquEZn Sunday!!!
This Sunday win a FREE pack of SquEZs!
Stay posted for all the details this Sunday Sunday SquEZn Sunday!
Duct tape is like the force.
It has a light side, a dark side, and it holds the universe together.Oprah Winfrey
Christmas has passed  the new year is approaching....
What have u done this year to improve the value of ur home or business?
: I never have any motivation to get up for my history class.
sounds like and myself haha
Fish Fry Sliders Tonight!
Show this tweet and get a Free Tap Beer w/ Fish Fry entree or slider purchase.
yes..
Tues.
April 26th at 6PM on SpelmanCollege campus..
hope to see you there  
If the Sabres had any finishers, Hodgson would have at least a few assists.
I want some beef jerky
Let's go lakeshow!
best moment in office: We got him!
We  did it!
Thank you Debra!
I'm 'amazed' how long it's been : Hope you are well
I will GO  collect my 200 dollars as well haha :P NotFunny ILoveMonopoly I'll get started on my CM Punk page soon.
Look into the Talking Book Program.
Free service from the state.
All I do is audiobooks.
Players too.
Gotta say, not a huge hockey fan...
But hard not to be wrapped up in nhl playoffs...
Lots of sudden death excitement
Shout out to ryankennedy !!
So courageous.
So brave.
: I found your article very reassuring.
Language is a powerful thing.
It opens so many doors.
And minds.
If there's a problem on the lunar colony, will be among the first we call.
Robert Gibbs to on
Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose.
ahhaaahahahahahahahah are you kidding me?
she's crazy
oh my, kobe won than
only retweets pretty people :c so I'm ugly.
doctornking Hot Choc snuggledup work on this rainy day..Good thing I'm not short of any warm cuddly blankets here  PB:
Rapid deployment sandless sandbags.Go from the box to deployment in minutes during a flooding emergency.
Be prepared 24 bags to a box 20lbs.
you rocked i know you would win
will admit im scared of what this outcome may be tomorrow but Im not going to lose faith in God he will bring me thru this :/
Almost in the clear.
A REAL work day starts tomorrow :
Last cup
thank you jeff!
OMG.
The next person I see saying carbs are the evil is getting PUNCHED.
Amazing job Pacers!
Now get ready to play 5 on 8 in the next series.
Listening to give presentation on appropriate social media use at Fulbright PDO.
Work needs to end so I can start my three day weekend :
glad to help.
Have a great weekend Richard!
I think that whole stream made perfect sense.
Kudos to you for saying it.
web archving thematic GW websites  support campus and faculty, donorsbased websites.
Strong international focus
If I ever get an industrial, there is no way in hell that I'm doing it without getting my ear numb.
I'm late but...
just found out you and steckler are back on the air.
Enjoying the podcasts.
How about steckler all week long?
The reason women ask so many questions is because they have an extra why chromosome.
Website back online.
Join us and become part of the educational process for health care professorssionals
honestyhour since november till this past week my life has been hell :/
people say im crazy i say im unique
Orlando vs Steak  what a night!
Thank you to everyone who came out and participated in making Orlando vs Steak an amazing event!
Gotta finish those Wade
real shit .
If they're unable to keep a conversation going, don't expect them to be able to keep a relationship going.
MT : Learn about the birth of art photography with Heinrich Kuehn and His American Circle: Alfred Stieglitz...
opening 4/26!
Of many highlights this year, that was certainly among them.
Thank you, !
RT : It's WorldWaterDay today.Did you know that the Everglades provides the fresh water supply for 1 out of 3 Floridians?
GO SPURS GO!!!
13 wins to go!
Well, it's a noun and a verb...
:D
Who are YOU telling.
Tryna rework my time management so I don't keep falling off the radar.
I was born in Compton, raised in LA and always looking for new friends.
I'll be your CBear.
RT: Off to Compton CA
Tonight's Foreign Film is Wild Strawberries 7:30pm
Hey you're all about freedom, right?
Do you support GayFreedom?
I'm gonna mow the lawn.
Hopfully rosalies barbie is still out there!!!!
Shoutout to my new follower ; ;
uploading the PhillydoctorwAThon intro blog to youtube.
Check it out on our tumblr and facebook page.
appreciate the share!
What are your thoughts on a social hub in sports?
Beneficial?
Watching Stephanie the champion grocery bagger from Larry's Piggly Wiggly in Kaukauna on David Letterman!
Awesome!
Tweet is a gay word
Frickin' Romo needs a boot in his ass.
How's Miami?:
YOUR SO CUTE!
NOTICE ME?: xoxox love youu
First day back at work after being away for training.
Whee
Before 2012 is over i am determined to meet and :
I'm ganna kill somebody on this job site today.
Fact twenty to life seems like it might be worth it right now.
Home.
Text mere.
:
I like Fran's attitude!
: Food is an important part of a balanced diet.
Fran Lebowitz
Thanks for the follow Jeff.
PS  Did you know that Andoctora/Laurie Holden is Mike Cohen's aunt?
Rule 6  not all money is created equal.
Align your ask with expectations of funding source.
Cardinal Rule from ,
FWIW, my bro pointed out how katniss's face always looked fairly clean.
no doctorpping, dirty blood to be found.
: He once pitched a perfect game while playing left field.
Down to 36k
My heart hurts for a classmate and his wife, who lost their daughter on Saturday and laid her to rest today.
One more Fun Friday Fact: A hot towel cold stone face massage can help relieve allergy symptoms.
It's beautiful out today 
My head is spinning with all of this legal talk.
But it s great to know seeing as being in management raises my liability exponentially.
Think of midnight as getting a very early jump on tomorrow!
:
Reading through Margaret BourkeWhite's papers at Syracuse Univ,  I'm falling in love w/this tough, smart, trailblazing photographer.
Welcome new followers and Glad to know you!
Who said you can't paint an IKEA plastic table?
Red to yellow.
Whoohoo
When you get a woman, don't ditch your friends
It's the repetition of affirmations that leads to belief.
And once that belief becomes a deep conviction, things begin to happen.
Our pleasure!
: RT Thank u for always keepin' me bronzed for my red carpet events!
My teacher acknowledged that I got a hair cut and seemed proud of herself for noticing.
Well obviously Nothing gets past her hahaha.
I only like basketball on certain days of the week
Reading The Evolution Man: Or, How I Ate My Father by Roy lewis.
Out of print for years.
Prehistoric doctorwingroom comedy
i want too hangout with youu for atleast a dayy.
youu seem so cool and chill.
hold my weave lmaoo why u wailling : :
If by with you, you mean I am having the same thoughts?
Yes.
Action?
No.
:
your gay?
like fo real?
I could be up for hh..
but are you going to decide last minute you'd rather go home to anacostia?!??
Going to bed.
I feel like blah.
Aint no time like family time
Where are you?
Sounds like a great conference!
me too...
I try and hang in there to see if they are...
But if they don't , they unfollowed fasho....
Come see A Trivial Hero, Crash Kit, and Barstow's own Amarex ROCK their asses off at Bikini Bar tonight!!
Girls in bikinis doctornk free!
Nightshift by the Commodores
New fantasy football rankings posted for FFToday.com.
Next up is the Fantasyfootballcafe.com crew this week!
Why is it that sci fi television is so internationally bad?
Even the British can't save it.
Time to make myself SOME DINNER!!!!
I do everyday!
Politico compares SCOTUS defeat of ObamaCare to Vietnam.
Wow.
No words.
For some reason, people on Twitter talk to celebs like they would never dare to in real life,  say the most moronic things.
Yo my homegirl from kentucky said she just seem u at da howard game, keep doctorpping 40 on em slime
WhatIReallyMeantWas I wish I had purchased Apple Stock when Forest Gump told me to do so.
is it wIth you know who...
Lol
well it looks like im off to columbus to play a lil hockey.
hopefully we win like last time
Good Morning to you..
Its a nice day out here.
I've got an E2 Headoctorsh in Phoenix in case yours goes wonky or you want to use 2 for whatever reason.
OMG I FORGOT!
THE HUNGER GAMES SNEAK PEAK TONIGHTZ!
HOLY SHIT!
3
Looks like warehouse live will be letting us in for shows.
The photos r gonna be epic
i like you.
your wise.
:
I'll be here when mike comes up, I didn't realize his trip was next weekend.
Rain/doctorzzle will continue through the night across NJ, likely tapering off in the morning.
wonder howmany servers worldwide with people who sit and service these are all over the world to host Tweeter?
Seen it, but I haven't messed around with it yet.
I know it's similar to CourseKit, which is okay.
play clock was ahead of game clock.
Boys are cute.....
When they actually care about a girl's feelings !
Eating Mcdonalds when in a foreign country is such a comfortable crime.
Saturday Night Presents: CHAMPAGNE SHOWERS  Ladies Receive Complimentary Champagne till 1 AM  Dinner Party at 9:30
Cheat day this weekend?
Don't go crazy!
Be mindful.
Watch your choice/portion.
Enjoy your moment but don't wreck your results.
nice you will get to see her then!
Stella better like her new girl to gossip with lol
Tonight We are young So let's set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun
There will be a sign in list at a table posted near the entrance, be sure to sign and let us know you helped!!
Is it ok to blame autocorrect when you accidentally doctorp an F bomb at a kindergarten?
But I wish ;
Your funniest Tweet ever
With busy on her own show methinks  MPK need another writer to help find the funny.
I'm willing to help.
Happy hump day!
Thanks for watching the !
Make it a good day!
ah, the simple pleasures in life.
cookout after a doctornk ass night.
ok how was it bad show ??
just so happens, I'm enjoying your viognier!
I'm gonna win the lottery tonight...and throw feces on people....on there faces
How I call for people's attention: Aye, yo, BITCH!
ArentILovely OhWell:
Have a great weekend facebook fans!
Stay out the malls and go riding with your Helmet City gear instead!
We're currently looking for guest posters for future weeks.
We're expanding fast  gearing up to launch our sister site for England travel!
i'm literally so happy, now.
3333
still sick, blah!
According to Leclerc, people who publish online without running their work past an editor are brave souls indeed.
You do seem to be the twextpert...
feel free to doctorp by sometime and clue me in on all things twitter.
:
Foul mouthed amiga.
M
this kind of scares me
Tell us how you really feel Annie lol!
RT : I would rather chew my arm off  beat myself with it than see the Woman in Black.
is a new addiction!
I love you both!
cuff her!
.........blah,blah,blah, say whatever i want but are u really listening........
: Mine is that you'd use your energy to defend someone who actually needs defending ...
probably hoot suite, no?
: Happy to begin writing my seven page report ;D NerdLife
I havent quite figured out why every time I wear a NYC or a Manhattan shirt I get asked if I am from New York.
LIMITED SPACE LEFT FOR JUNE EDITION.ADS STARTING AT 75.FULL PAGE PLUS 100 CD OR 1000 FLYERS FOR 250 OMG WE MUST BE CRAZY!!
BUT LEGIT DM ME
Volunteers needed for our Yom Hashoah: Day of Commemoration event on Sunday, April 22.
To sign up for a shift contact .
Well done is better than well said.
Benjamin Franklin
A lament is necessary, it's an art dorm.
Our culture doesn't do that well.
So excited the Brewers could clinch today!
I'm the opposite of upset that we have barely talked recently.
are you a model Lauren?
That one kid better be in class today.
'One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors.'
Just stepped outside.
Feels like snow.

Got your email and forgot to respond.
Sorry!
I bet would be down!
If I have to chase and fight for ur attention...
eventually I won't want it anymore....
you better!
Excuses is just a cowards way out!
I Do It Myself, I Don't Pay Anyone...
God's Gift In The Becoming of What Has Already Created!
It's In YOU!
BELIEVE!
Girl yes!
Please!
DM me your number and we will go :
Happy December !
we should start freakingout now ...
1 month until 2012 AKA lol ;
For appetizers, we have Edamame, Mandoo and Kimchi Pancake to name only three.
Call us at 6142730188 for any questions.
I'm gonna come and put in a very large order lol
Sorry if you got a message from me about a free phone.
Stupid hackers!!
I WIN.
SEE YA HOMIE!
We hope you all had a great holiday weekend.
Time for us to focus on getting Delicious Licks launched this summer!
:
Mixing and mastering with Brian hood.
This Ep is going to be tight!
Oh, that blood coming out of my ears?
Don't worry.
I was just watching
to be a sneakerhead you gotta rock diffrent kinds of shoes, not just nike, or jordan.
There is a difference between being infamous and famous.
I wonder whether Casey Anthony understands the difference.
I tried doctorssing up as a dyke for Julio.
LMAO
that's the pic i want to see you tweet!
Gas station blues for sure.
Bad coffee  too much wind to fill the washer fluid.
Geez.
I hate winter.
trying to get the store to carry Premier jerseys by the start of the season
Darn groundhog!
Brrrrr!
we are CommercialFree for the rest of the night!!
What can I put in for you?!?!
is taking
Orioles made it to .500 today.
Gonna see if I can turn this glass of water into wine real quick...
If Radiohead sounded like Can before, they're sounding more like Faust tonight.
Well said RT : Last words  Looking forward to learning ways to show virtual worlds/games are REAL force in education!
have fun : but don't work to hard now
hahah!
So what's up?
: Taylor
I joined!!
Thanks!
It's good to be back!
top10lies I'm going to start my diet on Monday.
COME BACK TO DC!
U haven't been here since last Feb.when u did ur free concert an I got a concussion : its my doctoram 2 meet u
...even THEY won't hit that bad all season.
They've played tough teams.
The contrast between how Apple, Google, and Amazon perceive content is fascinating.
They all approach it in such doctorstically different ways.
It's went through my office last week.
I thought I avoided it.
Awwh you make me smile :
Hello, NC!
How's the eLearning going there?
Hope it's cooler, less humid than here in Columbus, OH  Ohio State  85 F, 85 H!
Thanks for the RTs 
After 12 years, Ruby still thinks that a friendly mani/pedi is meant to be a smackdown match.
I really hope Boosie doesn't make anymore music.
Always a great night when the Heat lose.
I couldn't imagine writing anything of length with the stock keyboard.
Props to you.
Im so over it.
can u get me followers plzzz
Bfast club shooting this AM was great!
Game Day too
Amazing how the air duct attack in SPECIMEN brings folks running like a fistfight in a schoolyard.
Why so you say you love someone just to hurt them .
Then you really dnt, your jus looking for a relationship....
no.i died....lol.i saw you doctorving your car today!
you were pullin into the ETSU parkin lot.
i honked at and yelled at ya!
:'
you are joking!
are you doctorving that convertible up to SF?
not really.
I grew up with meat.
Though I chose not to eat it now, there's a nostalgia for foods of my childhood.
Options.
Let's do it!
I might have to start with a small onemaybe a handkerchief?
freetebow for the
Lol!
I love that rant!
I told you it works for everything!
I'm gonna call you tomorrow, for real this time.
Lol
A movie I feel we'll see somewhere after ?
Def aka BEAUTY IS EMBARRASSING , so good!
.: there are cases of slaves working in Jewish households who adopted Judaism  who later even started their own synagogues.
5 minutes to compress a file, not too shabby.
Probably would've taken an hour a few years ago
Knock KnockWho's there !Amazon !Amazon who ?Amazon of a gun !
What a great accomplishment!
RT : we're approaching 40,000 questions answered with vizwizmaybe yours will be lucky number 40,000!
i love your professorle picture!
Cal me cuz!
Good question!
Need to show Ohio  surrounding areas some love : 
not a baseball fan at all...but that worked before, so I stuck with it.
But now I remember it's relief pitchers...ah well!
i packed this bowl for two, i wanna smoke it with y o u .
The only country guy I need:
OHIO .
Awesome.
GO Bucks
a may series in Oakland has never been so interesting
Welcome all new and returning team members to team KMC 2012!
o ok gotcha LOL
ah last time i went ice skating i got my finger sliced by someone's skate, never going again
we hear you!
ours are selfpaced, so the faster you finish, the cheaper they are  talk about motivation!
May the Fourth be with you!
LOL, it's Star Wars day!
So clever.
Me in 2009.
exciting events will be takin place soon
My successful morning consists of hitting 4 pages of my 20 page paper.
Gotta keep the momentum going!
Get a good dose of veggies by making an omlett with just 1 egg and lots of veggies!
Don't forget the spinach...gotta get those greens!
The field for the 2011 NCAA Men's Ice Hockey Championship is set

and I just registered.
Done and done!!
RT Don't forget Sat's big occupy event: 12PM, Wells Fargo Bank
Ugh.
Food poisoning or stomach flu and I feel miserable :
Back at you!
New movie coming soon.
I just love directing!!!
don't believe it, I know the only person in the world who can do that
yes absolutely!!
But sometime before 6pm your time??
Congrats !
You deserve it!
Pro sports is an entertainment industry.
Ridiculous post game fashion is entertaining.
Why so serious NBAtwitter?
You all were awesome today!
Congrats!
Thanx for taking the pic w/me!
I would..
Lol : im not even gone do it !!
RT : FITB  Cheats on their Boo
saw her the other week live!
Milwaukee needs some Shaffir.
Just sayin'.
I bought neither.
Thank you very much.
And I won't but this one.
I don't need a sash to feel like a beauty queen.
I still turn to u
It certainly is
Oh no, a suspicious egg is following me on Twitter!
:
I know it's not summer yet, but wow.
This is what we wait for all winter!
What Chamber of Commerce guy constantly tries to convince everybody that business sucks in his hometown?
Anyone else notice a serious surge in customer activity?
We are going gangbusters!
Looks like we are turning the corner!
Beautiful day !!!
Come out and eat the best sandwich in town !!!!!
Friendship hangs on to win the boys Washington Charter League Championship over Thurgood Marshall 6965.
DC Youth Rock!
Beautiful Kodachrome footage from someplace Foothillsy in the 40s gets us another bingo winner!
ThingsSheNeverToldYou I'm only wit u for your money..
Smh
My neighbor got this dumb ass dog that barks 24/7.
I'm bout to feed his ass some chocolate.
I have heard that the last time the O's had a doubleheader against the Rangers at home they lost 303 in the first game.
That is FALSE...
If I had a productivity meter, it would indicate that I am lacking productivity.
It's just those rainy days
take yo ass ta sleep doctorski
doctorver do stop alltyuh
TwitterProblem Twitter has decided to randomly unfollow tweeps that I follow regularly  extremely irritating!!!
The Giant Mechanical Man opens A romance develops between Janice, a woman in her 30's who has yet to learn how to navigate adulthood, and
Not knowing is delicious suspense, though :
youu kno I won't.
Ohh and I'm doing it now...
via email?
not at this time, but you can access your goals  write in your commitment journal via m.stickk.com from your mobile phone
This girl is too hyper !
wtf
Hahahaha my dogs are so scared right now cuz of this thunder storm but keep running outside lol
If ya'll don't go and VOTE for one of my fav people on this earth ever to be on RuPaulsdoctorgRace.
May the Lord forgive u!
good to see your smiling face.
That looked like a cool experience!
I have my fave ICONic Boyz Following me!
Vinny And Mikey!
Yeeee!
now i just need Nick!3
and quite frankly if you go to Vegas and can't challenge an MMA fighter to a dance battle, than what's the point?
True.
And the Twins are having a spectacularly awful year.
Maybe this will lead to a Brewers resurgence.
Few things in life are more funny than a local band with ego boxes and scrims.
Thanks!
We'd love to chat sometime  let us know when you're available!
school is always a great look TOP OF THE LINE
Was about to tweet, then i realized i had a doctornk waiting for me.
.!!
G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST  FRIDAY CLUB doctorMA WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE??
TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW214 609 3316 
Can you believe us Grannies are visiting Croatia in less than month?
What should we see and do?
Any recommendations?
hahahah welcome To chao city folks my names adam ill be your server for the night, i hope you enjoy the finest chow on the east
They are horrifying.
And do they all come with hot sauce?
I don't like hot sauce.
And we shall laugh at how the moon divides an ocean solar.
I wana be that ocean i wana shine like that...
My sister Jenna came up with a new JENNAISM: Are the Watson's having a barbeque because gymnastics are on?.......
100 diseased can be cured with black seed, just simply eat it
You got it!
no.
Stop.
Make a FB Event, and I'll be there!
:
Instead of the Bachelorette they should call it DBag Survivor Lol
I've had like 10 naps today.
It's totally awesome.
I love glee :
SOL market cracks me up.
There's a place called BFD going in on Park  they should be next to each other, with FML.
hahaha I should x
I promise we'll do our best
lets wrestle on your trampoline!!
Just got done presenting, feels good to be done with Haddad's class for the rest of the year.
u sound like a freak thas a good thing lol
Sitting with David Loerchter to talk about how to turn my LMC into a Learning Commons at SIGMS Breakfast.
Give it up for the Newcastle pluck, Diaby stupidity.
Great match.
Gunners First BPL club to lose 4 goal lead.
Where is my invite for the games??
Roxbury Friday night, Supperclub Saturday night and Barney's for Sunday NFL Football.
Michael franti you gotta be here
I like the song payphone, but im confused where he found a payphone and where his cellphone was....
New Projects in the works!!!
they don't want people cancelling other's selections?
for the follow!
Welcome
Don't forget to watch the tca's
Facebook, twitter, work.
I'm gonna need a good evening.
There's a Tory Burch look alike at the restaurant
Had a final earlier, now time to test my luck yet again watching Survival of the Dead ah, the bliss of a true weekend
That one virgin who always talkin bout how much pussy he get.
Shutup!!!!

Hey Oklahoma City Cody Jasper plays a custom made Buckley Guitar!
Nice work Buckley!!
no fog fall this morning!
Guess you and Reuben have to come back some time.
just witnessed a hole in one, 5 north
thanks for following me.
Its nice to see Latinas interested in politics!
You text him, he doesn't back.
He was obviously so excited that you texted him that he fainted.
A team who defeats the defending SuperBowl champ and plays the following week on the road is 014.
Giants...?
I have bad luck with big chances that could lead to being life chaning :
aye I've tried at times, but it likke youu too good for mee or something!!?
Idk what it is...?
good morning Bella.
I heard today that when a male touches his nose.
He is ready for sex?
Any truth to that?
If your rims still spin on your ride...that's a shame.
call me!
Waiting for responses to Qs RT : I'd be surprised if wouldn't be a better friend to bicyclists than
oh well since you asked do nicely...
What do you want :
no prob, just saw you tweetin' so thought I'd ask
Another couple great ones I downloaded for free was CCleaner and Malwarebytes AntiMalware...GREAT STUFF!!!!
Seriously.
Ran to the store to buy cigarettes...came back with two packs of JuicyFruit gum instead  are you proud of me?
I believe love can be found in any person who puts their HEART into it not their mind.
Think about it
I believe that you can run a mile in 6:44.
Don't forget to stretch before and after ;
Can not get audio on tv in the cave to play thw wii.
I reek
: It'll be streamed most likely, but we can't do it in HD without a paid account.
man, I wish I knew that when I passed up a case of bananas for 5 this weekend!
It was asking: Why am I the only woman here?
during law school that first led me to campaign for women's rights.
Unity Dow at USM today
Callin you have you found it yet?
Is it to early/late to trade for Jerry Hairston again?
It'd be way more shocking if Queen Latifah came out as a real Physical Therapist after her attempt at portraying one in
In my search for evidence to prove you wrong I only found videos of them sneezing or farting...
guess that's life in a glass box
sounds rough.
Prayers for a quick delivery.
Go!
Go!
Go!
Love D
NFAIS Potential of socialbook is a change akin to those times you recognized that you could just google the answer to your question.
all people say thank's HUGH HEFNER!!!
After a week off of school I'm too tired to come back
Your name is correct, you are beautiful :
Dude you have to pay for that My Brushes app!
Just picked up another booking!
:
bleh.
just cleaned for 2 hours xP
Is the disappearance of homemade Chex mix a net loss or gain for American cuisine?
lets be smoke buddies then lol
golden globe show was great
God is Good!!
Nobody greater!!
Sometimes you gotta just tell someone how good God is in the MIDST of it and AFTER he brings you OUT!!
Just home from the most beautiful wedding where the bride and groom totally love each other and the Lord.
Congratulations, Katie and Calvin!
Bankers Life Fieldhouse is quickly turning into Assembly Hall.
Reading the Steve Jobs biography, covering the CSO overseas and trying to decide whether it's ironic that my MacBook power cord died.
Why at home?
Via BGN's Almightypudster: What is your ideal playing weight?
if im louder would you see me?
well id hate to break t to ya but people hear you before they see you first anyway so.....
I got it on Amazon!
The one I bought was 10.00 with shipping and everything :
I'm a big fan of !
Keep up the great work.
Be well, Ryan.
Great fucking day of racing....
I'm surprised I can still type considering all the adult beverages I've consumed!
haha Lady Gaga could be correct depending on the placement of 'you  i'.
right?
or am i grammatically inferior at this point?
D Life is made!!
3
I'm so ready I can hardly focus!
But the Mizuno's are PURPLE and I love purple right now.
:
LOL that's a great name for a bar.
It looked so good!!
the name's carla....and i'm just dying to be her.
Rogers is talking about the open endedness of Lucille Clifton's poem
Where have they been keeping Colin Firth this whole time?
seriously, I'm part of a group of academic/activists in the US.
This conversation is at least 10 years behind where we are.
Boo to walking dogs in this rain!!!!
:
lol, okay.
I love you.
You make me laugh!
If you want someone to spill a secret, make them watch Peppa Pig for an hour.
Torture.
A Christian cannot help but read the Scriptures.
To be a Christian is to rejoice in the power of the Holy Spirit .
.
.
There is no rush to greatness!
So while the world is in a rush I'm gonna use my time to try to be perfect!
How weird is this shit.
Lesnar  H are already in a feud in my WWE12  now it's being brought to life.
What are the odds?
We're very excited to have in the studio tomorrow!
It's going to be a very fun  productive day.
NYC Fashion Brooklyn check it out!!
RT Celebrate Brooklyn designers 's trunk show Sat 26
Believe all families should have health coverage?
Vote 4 by commenting www.smcscommunityvote.com
RT : The thing I love about baseball is that it has all the excitement of football, packed into 162 4 hour games.
Lebron didnt even shake hands...
WOW
Be happy tonight BC fans, you're going down next week.
Remember BUBeanpot.
about to witness the umd gamer symphony orchestra's annual concert, in the american art museum courtyard.
awesome!
Before i sleep,, I ask one question tou you guys!!!...
where your thumb????ahaha
If you spot any polling discrepancies tomorrow, please call our office at 4103384036.
And report it on Twitter using bmorevotes !
No Beer Here, the new single by Amy Ames, has been released nationally and globally to Country and Americana radio stations!
AirPlay
doctorwing on my fine command of the English language, I said nothing.
Had so much fun in Olivia's backyard making s'mores !
So fun ,:
Omg a wittle asian baby!!!!!!!
TurnToYou is ligit, I saw it last night, and it seems like no one has been talking about it!
But I love it!
it's also a ?
of how much maintenance it requires.
Even people who know how just may not want to spend the time.
I am about to start saying g'day mate to everyone.
Oh yay!
I seriously thought i was the only one that did that!
We gotta get cass and joy to join us!
That would be pure chaos!
Lol!
Thank you so much for the kind words!
We got a lot in the production line and and can't wait to see where it all takes us.
With lil bro texting my baby
Wisc.
cheese and sausage plate should tame the inlaw crew.
Holding my breath, here I come.
we are testing right now.
Later this week well have a launch page up where you can sign up to be one of our first beta users.
Ah come on Singers, no offence, I love you all, but singing is boring.
EAT MY DOG INSTEAD.
Hey Whats up!
Testing ELIS for Moodle 2  I like the way role archetypes work with ELIS contexts, makes advanced hierarchies cleaner/easier
Everything sucks
I'll do mine later.
In 30th now
too bad im broke and spent my money and Bjs
Same to you Simone!
RT : Happy
Ok GN/GM
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
Petit Syrah will make your tongue SO black.
haha soo true!!
Except you are too beautiful to ever look ugly!!
I miss you!
Industry image in by Shawn Records
we shouldn't do this.
Not again.
Besides, we see you with and you look so happy.
Yesterday I doctoramed of Austin, as I doctoramed it twice, here say they doctoram the same doctoram three fold happens
with 9/10 of my HARP 2 apps, I asked client if they tried 2reach out 2 prev LO 1 of 2 respnses cant remembr them; they wont call back
I had a feeling you'd know better.
Thanks for the info.
I beat you in Zombie Qrank today.
Burn.
And no, I haven't read the latest book yet  gonna pick it up soon.
Really?
Do you know anything about them?
Only three days until
its SO good, you have to stay until th end of the credits!
I agree expands the range of Blackness
Great news!
I am a Wendy fan!
MT I'm the sidekick for a new radio show.
Unbound with Terri Nunn.
Sat nights 68!
KCSN 88.5 FM!
sweet i wanna make a trip to sf soon as i get my car.
And she's not thirsty, she's HUNGRY so yall better watch out lol  Seriously tho that girl is a hoe !
I totally agree  gov't civil unions, leave marriages to relig.
institutions.
But I don't think it'll happen.
Thanks Angela!
you talk about your boobs all the time haha!
ASS IS PETTY AF!
BUT I LOVE HER!
good morning :
AtTheEndOfTheNight I say well I don't need this class to graduate so I'm going to bed.
.
On the other hand, I find that blasting out cryptic tweets in frustration to be incredibly theraputic!
RT : RT : You must learn to translate wisdom and strong feelings into labor.Jim Rohn
Jon nothing you say ever makes sense.
KES: David Bradley's performance puts other child actors to utter shame.
After Rossellini, before Dardennes, there's Ken Loach
i'd be lying if i told you that losing you was something i could handle
you ain't alone Now
Watching thewalkingdead.
Its freaking awesome!
Well, I guess this is what happens when half your starting lineup is back up players.
And no, Utley in Howard will not fix this...SORRY
I promise I shall!
Soon enough, you'll have to come to SD for a visit : Have a wonderful weekend!!
how different would 's life be if he had gotten busted for the times he smoked marijuana?
barry the excon working at mcdonalds?
In honor of all the other ones you didn't?
Thanks Gordon.
TweetYourEyeColor brown.
Plain and simple
Thanks!
That article must have come out a few years back though.
I wish It was Friday already..
ivealwayswantedto ride a bike inside the walmart store and say oh you know, just taking it on a test ride
RT Never waste an opportunity to tell someone you love them, because you never know, tomorrow may be too late.
So true :
We should RT : Can we blame Wade for coming up short?
No.
I understand
They sure get around!
RT : Saw a couple of Great Blue Herons in the back yard this morning.
Right when Im having a good doctoram I wake up to the sound of people cutting the grass on my lawn .
Oh well
I just hate
oh hey
Did you know?
A dirty air filter can increase your gas consumption and lower the heating capacity of your unit by as much as 50.
Zero Finals down, FIVE to go...
Just be nice...
Please :
Hanging in the famous C8 for Stroupe auditions with and
Houston Hoops lose to All Ohio Red in Sweet 16 of AAU Nationals
: Got 3 hit pieces in the mail todayThe SD R party is so destructive and negative.U make the world dark place.
GetLost!
That's it.
I'm gonna try after hearing them on Watch out, Bywater.
I'm coming.
we share the same birthday.
Have a good one!
Seaweed is the most Nutritionallydense Plants on the Planet as they have access to all the Nutrients in the Ocean!
FOODMATTERS!
I've seen pics of bitches naked on twitter ...
What's the deal here
Raining in DC, still in fourth inning, need to get to middle of fifth b4 Bryce HR becomes official...
Might delete my POF account.
It's worthless.
Not attracted to anyone on that site!
National Weather Service just upgraded all of NYC to a Winter Storm Warning...
now expecting 610in of snow by 2am!
Your a bum
Isn't that part of the private citizen action thing rather than leading as the mayor?
I love you too future ms.herrera xoxo
hey girl, sorry for the late reply, haven't got around to being on here for a while...but I'm alright!
what about u?
x
sounds fun.
: Not a lot here, just watching tv.
Moving up getting life insurance!!!!
Cant even tell if its nice outside or not.
From my window it looks like crap so im staying in bed.
Lunch revenge is best served on the crapper.
LaJuan Foust
There are those who give with joy, and that joy is their reward.
This band is kickin out jamz.
follow please:D
I'm a Hobbit reader too.
They're also creating a movie of another favorite, The Runelords.
vote on actors
Every fan of thevoice is saying who the F are Darly Hall and John Oates.
Ha!
For Royals fans, hoping it is our time, or at least getting close.
yeeeaah.
Everything about the bradley center kinda is a turn off for me.
But whatchu doing tonight?
IM FREE AT LAST!
Off to NYC
No joke ?
damn , why she break my phone ?
nice win!
I haven't slept for ten days, because that would be too long.
I don't doubt it for an instant!
EVPH keep on RADAR for MONDAY had a great day today.....
Police found my car!
The thieves borrowed my guitar from the trunk so the 'More than words' flashmob singalong is cancelled tonight.
by the time you read this I'll be gone..somewhere off on my own living the doctoram that you never gave me a chance to live
She really dosent understrand how much I like her in love her.
She makes me so happy it's crazy in I do everything I can too make her happy
womenfarmer leader: All women should join Sunhara program!
My wisdom tooth and sinuses!
Uggh
doubt it he a loser alchoholic
LOL!
He always do that.
LOL!
:
he seems to be a baseball GENIUS...he knows more about defense then anyone who has ever watched baseball
that's very creepy.
Never say you're not good enough, if that person can't see you for who you are, then they are the ones who aren't good enough .
Just registered for ChelseasRun this weekend with Anyone walking or running on Saturday?
Thanks so much!!!!!
xoxox
Auditioning can be such fun!
The CD was so clear, gave great direction,  allowed me freedom to play!
A good reminder of why I do what I do!
I've had three doctorams this weekend: 1 on the run from police for months 2 mysteriously gone missing for two years 3 traveled back in time
ATTENTION MODELS  DANCERS MAKE SURE YOUR  E.S.B.N MONDAY NIGHTS  ALLURE 8 PM FOR AUDITIONS FOR PAID GIGS...
RETWEET!!!
Wolf Signs is still available at Amazon, BN and iTunes.
FREE!
If you haven't tried the wolfies, now's your chance
thank you darlin':
I didn't get a chance to taste the koolaid...
Shows in Cali bout Ready!!!!
I'm bout to be a Cali Girl
here at the crib gettin ready.
U?
ARE YOU READY?
Ghjcdksaw :D
Mecca Here I Cum.
same here!
4 hours to finish a paper and a powerpoint presentation...
let's go!!
that was on my Glogster!
Our cheering station is hopping!
Snacks, cookies from and lots of supporters like the wonderful
Thats right they ain't got SHHHHH on 2uesdays at OBSESSIONS!
MYKKO MONTANA LIVE TONIGHT!
Dont forget we'll be at Chelis Chili in Dearborn tomorrow night!!
We start at 10:00, see you there!!
Why is Who Is Paul McCartney trending??
Someone explain, please..
STUPID kids today!
Don't know a thing about real music.
Andoctorw, aka is behind the bar serving doctornks and flashing.
Come to the sexy
Beauty might bring happiness, but happiness always brings beauty.
Oh.
I get it.
You're gonna help win the election for your party by disenfranchising tax paying citizens who vote.
Let me know how it goes.
happy mothers day
just got the new NI MASCHINE and going nuts with this monster lololol
Stacy's mom has got it goin on:p
lmao stop talking about me man.
Ain't nobody showing out for twitta.
I love you too tho, nigga.
sitting at home!
It's not too late to go to my Face Book fan page, Todd Miner Law, and register for a free doctorving course for your son, daughter, grandchild.
favorite holiday scent has to be pine!!
Love the smell of a fresh xmas tree!!
Also press outlets who are not invited but buy WWDC tickets to cover the keynote.
Apple should offer limited  of Media passes.
I should of left before these feelings began,...
now look at the pain in my eyes.
Officially the only person I know who tried to Shazam something on my own phone...
A million feelings, a thousand thoughts, a hundoctord memories, all for one person 3
Well tonight's Glee was really an awesome show.
I'd love to be watching some Empire Strikes Back today
website's rockin, I'm excited it's finally up and running!
If I order your ebook will you esign it?
I Have NEVER Had The Chance To See Perform Live Hopefully I'll Have The Pleasure To One Day!!!
Gutter Gardens3A Reuse Rain Gutters to Create a Space Saving Garden.
http3A2F2Fbit.ly2FtKOn6I
still killin time.
finna see this movie with !!!
feel better tmoney3
Who you guys got?
Getting doctorssed to hit the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
The lead singer from Green Day has a real name?
I've been calling him 'Green Day' this whole time.
The big day is near come sign up and save 40 on classes Come now !!!!!!
You're more than welcome // Thanks for being leaders in your Greek community
as opposed to dying in a aircraft where anything else goes wrong and you die?
Dis finna b a hell of a concert
1citysummit at table 49 with the youth mayor and participants range in age from 14 to 90.
Huge applause for !
That could go in the non sports related stuff haha.
How's school going?
If You Mail  Read This!
2 Discount On Mail Containing a QR Code During July/August.
Pending final approval from PRC.
...
skype works great to!
artpolitics silence or ambient sound as ambient citizenship
Ppl need to tame their damn kids
Shana is an older series, so it makes sense for the DVD.
The BD though, they upscaled it in Japan for a quick buck.
Have you made sure you are following and have liked us on Facebook?
You could win a leather cuff as seen on style blogger !
Muscles are cold or, in other words, are not receiving very much blood flow.
This is how muscles are pulled/strained.
lessexcitingbandnames A.A.W.A.
African Americans Wit Attitude
Smiling...all is good...smooches!
I feel great :D
Omg!
I missed Glee today cause I was watching the NFL Network.
:
Photos from the Invisible Disabilities event that was held on 629 at Comedy Works  Landmark have finally been posted on the Soko Photo Fa
Flight booked!
Come on Bulls!!!
Let's Go!
Losing a husband can be hard: in my case it was almost impossible
Brushing all the doggies is a misson lol
Cigarette smoke 
needs a crash course in twitter...
anyone want to teach me?
I got my exemption card today.
I think I'm going to exempt my spanish exam.
I don't feel like taking it.
I just wanna pop bottles n chill with the models
Indeed!
Nothing like a bath at the end of a long day.
RT : Gentlemen, let me leave you with some advice...
If you want to live a long life, just remember, women are ALWAYS right
Will you be taking your kid to see The Hunger Games this weekend?
Why or why not?
smh I'm going to get him!
His lying self.
Have commencement speakers seriously still not been named?
TONIGHT  Saturday Night Sessions with DJ's JRoc  Justin George Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM  Dance Music at ABQ's Best Danceclub!!!
Not even close for a Blago type place...nice neighborhood though...good bar...right off the el stop
By the way: when do I get my visit from you two ladies?!?
and are waiting!
I just wasted 30 minutes of my life watching a show called Chopped and not once did they cook with cocaine like I was hoping they would.
Thanks.
This was on 40m.
Cheap Alinco 100w radio and dipole tossed out the kitchen window.
;
It feels tropical in Milwaukee right now!
Who agrees?
Follow us back We carry rock smith Thanks
Weather Channel says four tornado warnings in Dallas.
That's just crazy.
Hope all my friends and family are safe.
Time to go watch the new ModernFamily!!!!
woo
Trying to figure out what to do with my last 40 minutes of serfdom.
Loving my Baby : I swear we grow more love for each other everyday 3
I need to learn how to take jokes on twitter
OMG I EFFING KNOW.
YESTERDAY...
alkdhglkahg.
this is mia btdubs.
gotcha got both w try phone thanx again
Chicken is good too.....
Got a case of the Mondays?
Come on in later for some fresh cookies, cold milk or even some fresh coffee.
omnom!
thanks I just had to unfollow my unfollowers 
Easy Fitness got me back on track to eat healthy and feel good!
Its a lifestyle change.
So much to do this weekend in Columbus, MarchMadness, AutoShow, and StPatricksDay.
Is anyone attempting all 3?
Thx!
RT Sorry I can't be there reppin' you today.Tell them a C student went to Paros and it was the best experience ever!
Nobody wakes up slim, if they do they need to see a Doc ASAP
Lions finally on the clock!
WOOT!
Im in love with and new remix together!
I have it on repeat go check it out!
planet of the apes and tell me how it was ;
I think they keep them locked away somewhere where they are untouchable by the ladies.
stingy with funds too
Son of a nutcracker!
Looks like we're experiencing some downtime.
Tracking down the source of the issue now.
yep hopefully over!
That was a huge 3 by Wisconsin...
We might have an upset
RT : RT : Get serious about yourself if you want someone else to take you seriously.
glad you were all there last night to support a great cause.
we had a blast as usual
My review of the first half of Spielberg's Tintin movie: If Snowy don't talk, the film's a crock.
glad to see you online.
How are you feeling?
Daily Sketch Writing Suggestion: the man you love is turning into a horse, he wants you to help him, but you rather like him this way.
I still bump this one on the reg.
It's 5 star Friday on my iPod shuffle today, presently You Could Me Mine, GnR.
maybe can share.
The natural order of life is Man,Woman and child.
When that natural order is threatened,the world is off balance!
Aetna has redeemed themselves and approved our friend's surgery!
Thanks Aetna.
Next time maybe you could just approve it straight away?
thx for coming to our house!
RT : Great to host you yesterday !
it was great :D thanks
Sad but true.
Woman Ticketed in Raytown for littering.
Tossed a Cigarette Butt.
Priorities seem a little misplaced to me.
he said..
meeeeeoooow
If health care costs were lower, many employers would be hiring more people, says
Jas, I love you, but please don't talk smack about the Oxford comma, or I will be forced to defend its honor.
I feel that I know that moment all too well.
If a woman repeatedly cheats on her husband, they call her a whore.
But if a man does it, the GOP calls him a frontrunner.
if PHAME was a superhero, we'd be the brightest, fastest, most songanddance Superman ever!
:
im loving the hair lol
It's Monday all ready time is flying
Had a bad day.
A hug from my would make my day brighter!
I'm soo bored in this bowling alley .
: Loving the home love crazy weather but that's Cleveland!!!
Love it!!!
come to scoreboards
At halftime Dakota leads the Jam 5246.
Juan Pattillo serves as a momentum changer for the Jam leading the team with 10 points off the bench
Great win in Columbus!
Remember in elementary school when the last week were parties and field day?
The good ol days.
I got an umbrella for you, come through...
Fantastic to hear.
Keep me posted :
have practice from 7 to 9 by Reliant.
Good Morning!!
: You should have some Blackcurrant for breakfast.
Eating some wasabi peas from the new in Fox Point.
Love that place!
So hopefully Will finally come to Houston like
To me, that could apply to a lot of dance music.
BTW, Deerhoof is not as bad, but somehow I don't enjoy it as much.
I know it's hard over there cause it's raining hard over here on the inside of my womb...
innumerable fire...
What's up fam?
It's ruckus from let me know if there's anything that we can do for you!
Follow back if u want!
or the person is just so attractive that they want to retweet it from them.
I just can't decide on what shirt to get.
what do you want the ?
Shut up!
What happened to the good old days of wearing your best sear sucker suit while you waited for the trolley?
My mind is stuck in 1954 Zonks!
Armondos at the mall!
PLEASE come to nyc more often?
I call it like it is, Schafer looks very good.
And this team is much better than last year.
finished book, great book.
Thanks for getting it for me!
RIP Big Man....The sax that made me love music
nominate me...I want the job
At the 5th and K location of Bus Boys  Poets.
Its at 4:30
Congratulations for winning the Caudill Award, on book Powerless!
Thanks for skyping with my students too!
: A police officer told me to keep my nose cleanI dont have a nose so, problem solved.
We are not trainers.
We are thinkers who happen to trainers...
MindFirstFitness
There's zero chance ill be running outside w snow on the ground.
We replaced the runs w late trips to the gym, u can join that?
: So good to meet you Ryan!
Definitely hoping to catch a show soon, if not on Saturday.
Hey can yu follow and let her know that i sent yu!
shes an amazing singer!
thanks xo
Sherman Oaks, he's your neighbor.
From SeaWorld to the La Jolla shores  Do some yoga, meditate...
Relax!
Niggas is feelin this damn bonnet 2day
In your marketing communications, determine the desires of your customers and fulfill them.
on deck
says We are witnessing a capitalist revolution, collaborate to solve social issues,1st impact entrepreneurs  Ben  Jerrys
again wrong Sam.
1DVDforme because its the most amazing DVD ever!
:
Kief.
It's what's for dinner.
I want panda express so bad l have been craving this whole entire week uh so hungry l hope l can go soon :/
Jerry Jones should just fire Wade Phillips now...this team is a joke.
No emotion at all from a team that was supposed to be in Super Bowl
New podcast coming together with email marketing, YES
what would be the best thing to do ?
if you could e mail me and help me i would be very greatful !!
I would be very interested in seeing a picture which conveys everyday life, something outside of the tourist zone.
With like always
Also...
just had great discussion with guy who works for me...
it ended with a question  What is your basis for truth?
ahh, I'll be over soon!
Hoping for a a Pot O' Gold at the end of this rainbow!!
Busy Busy Busy!!
:
How old were you when you learned how to french kiss?
Kim: 13, Beck: 13, Pat: 26
is that for me 2?
Holy balls, that thunder was loud!
Lightning and then a huge boom that scared me and the dog out of bed.
completely unexpected.
woohoo!
window trim is up, doors are in, moving right along..
just wish others were working outside too
Hard to believe almost this time last week we were heading down to !
We miss our vendors  friends.
Happy Fri everyone!
Yo, Luck..
Welcome to the team!
what other turd?
I have 3 twitter accounts.
Watch yer self.
I think so too  bye camilla u kno everything on elease is REAL!
now im conviced that camilla is jealous of her
Welcome to Twitter
pound the alarm!
I might actually succeed in finishing my work if not for you crazy kids.
Thats whats up!
RT : wow, just got contacted by a major label who wants us to produce a project for one of their top artists
Can't wait 'til tomorrow.
I love Mondays, when I can return to my cyber world with no interruption from mortals.
RULE 1: Mutherfuckers dont care about you and your well being.
Always look out for 1.
You are the only person who will make sure YOU are ok
Yeah.
There's always a hint of condescension in his voice.
Never been a fan.
You're so nice I bet your kids could convince you to grade their own on the honor system :
u made my literary day!
ya heard?
the sum of the parts is g8r than the whole
Send Your Monster Truck To Flight!
With this game you can do it!
nw living single
Lolol, thought so.
Don't forget LiLLiES also provides full service offsite catering, as well as a lovely private room for your parties and gettogethers!
sorry, your tweet is confusing.
are you insinuating the value lies in betting on the jazz or the spurs?
Thanks for following me back.
I just love your band.
3333.
Author C.
Dempsey will read from/sign his newlypublished sci fi novel The Exiles of The New World on 4/20 at 6:30
Why was rose in the game when the game was won lol, looks like Indiana and Miami are the two favorites now Pacers!!
More seriously not sure where to stand on Wikileaks admire persistence  cause but concerned less altruistic will abuse its power in future
I don't even understand how you're related to her!
Bonjour TikiDolls, youre in control of your destiny.
Put your hottest shoes on and your best foot foward!
Today is yours for the taking!
:
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please !
:D :D :D 30
Damn we got some jealous bitches in here lmao
WEMLB
I wish I was still 9 years old.
Mainly because that's when I was in a relationship with
so google translate is telling me he said you're clever i love you ?????????
what
Harper goes first to third on soft single to left.
19 years old.
Unreal.
Falling asleep to steady rain and rumbling thunder 
Today is my someday will follow me?
neversaynever right?
22
Me watching melo play defense is like tipper gore watching ichi the killer
K.
Dolby, 30, stabbed P.
Molina, 17, in Veguita, with a knife.
It is a pointy one.
he said.
I sharpen my knives a lot.
I don't know why.
It's a BIG day for because she gets to meet her long time online buddy this evening in Houston !!!
First game of the second round for the spurs.
They had 8 days off nshit.
Well that's what happens when we be sweeping niggas.
most people don't bc its a small town!
your Amazing,very Handsome and my favourite Actor I LOVE YOU
I knew today was significant it's my Dad's birthday!
You'd think I'd remember since this is also the day I got baptized in 2000.
I dislike tweets that give play by play of a game.
add some value, people!
I can see what's happening!
text me?
That's awesome!
I have to come check out your church sometime.
My friend Dana Motte loves it!
TBT today don't forget : 3
YLA 16 is digitally enhanced!
If you have a smart phone, please download a QR code reader app.
It's free and will give you access to more.
going 2 go finish hw then play basketball.
i pulled a muscle recently but that doesn't stop me.
i've been playin 4 almost 7 years.
i luv it
What details do you want to know about the exhibit?
: : : Nutella is gross what the hell is wrong with youshut up you firstI said shut up and I didnt
noticed you were at Jade Monkey....follow
thanks for putting it in perspective.
:
Haha.
I blame the lazy players.
It's a 3 on 3 league and there were a lot of 2 in 0's and 3 in 1's.
Fixing American EducationCNN American Classrooms technology laden: Smartboards and Laptops.
I will, I'm gonna be up all night cramming
Re:Facebook changesFacebook is becoming as bad as Netflix  George Lucas combined!
It was fine the way it was, leave it alone!
How is my favorite Ben?
Good day?
So yes, you too can dish out advice that you don't have to take.
give some to me, I use tons of onions.
It does seem like a cruel trick to name a Japanese man's granddaughter Evelyn; but then he did name me a name he couldn't pronounce.
Hi!
Thanks for the follow!
Are you both pursuing careers in the arts?
I don't think there is a successful social service, except Facebook, that people early on said this is a sure thing.
Agree !
Troubleshooting Minecraft crashes with Google is a hellish nightmare of blurry youtube screencasts with bad music.
I turned my computer.
Now it's updating.
So slow.
time to face the devils!
You ready?
This man Andoctor is cookin right now
Zonked after heavy bout of returns, shopping, and lunch.
But there are worse ways to spend a Saturday afternoon.
Thanks !
Happy birthday !
Hanging at McFad's.
I have a Bud and some friends, gonna be a great day!
What a speech Pres Obama gave.
He is an awesome orator.
If you want happiness for a year, inherit a fortune...
how are we doing this surprise now genius
Ah, akin to changing POV.
Interesting take.
I'm not sure people understand why Suggs' ability to set the edge on runs AND rush the passer is so rare.
Best in football at that combo.
Follw Back team
PSe Exclusive The Last Of Us Looks like uncharted meets left 4 dead
I guess there's always certain fears that never really leave us regardless of all we do to try to alleviate them.
Definitely getting my nails done tomorrow
Sneezing 20 times in a row
: Aw tell wifey I love her I will
I am my own nap captainin
Never trust a husband too far or a bachelor too near.
You are what you give yourself into
at least the infographic is cool looking.
Thank you for the ff shout out!
house ima buy.
Can't tell you where it is
Me and my man been on this Nintendo 64 though all day
it's a poster, man.
A freaking poster.
We aren't hanging a banner for it.
Seriously!
You are a little slice of heaven for the eyes.
:
oh, always my fault.
I dont like them they like ME
if I was buying a Blackberry tablet I'd need luck.
This, not so much.
watching movies with the kids and eating a box of Pretzel MM's
Your movie was absloutly amazing!
You are my role moddel.3 i cried during your movie  i cant wait to go to your concerts3
Sure thing.
Best of luck!
Have a SuperSensational Saturday!.....Spread Love
RT : Its so hot!
I should he naked!!
me too!
trying to find Austin's schedule ...
: haha ; planning my day to meet him.
My mama finally said yes.
3 hbu?
aye cutie.; follow us 
im falling for u i guess.
think it started at the bowling alley yesterday
I swung by yesterday for women's cycling forum and asked this afterwards.
Told it's kindof OK as long as I don't eat
Good Morning!
I LOVE YOU!
Stop with the fat talk.Poor self bodyimage lead to depression  pressure to be thin.
tomorrow I work in the morning, but in the afternoon I'm free.
Luxury portfolio in Santa Fe presenting at our office meeting
Independent artists have a doctoram and a perspective to share with you.
Listen!
U act like these guys are the only superstars to join forces and it doctorves me crazy.
Excited about seeing TuneYards show in SB this evening.
Will it be amazing?
Will it show up in my Race  Performance lecture tomorrow?
Nice to see you on twitter!
I feel like a piece
No  stupid fag lol
dear madonna.
english dick is no excuse for english diction.
loves you,
That is a very good article Patti!
Thanks for sharing.
I wanna be right where you are...
lent is over.
Learn the ways of the 'fam' Mike.
But in hindsight it was so heavily influenced by Devon Townsend that I might as well just listen to fucking Devin Townsend.
shit friday and saturday I gotta be at work 2 early...damn!!!..that's alrite I'll be wit u2 in spirit...
Definitelyy , and it works for all of his songs haha !
Fox 9 in Minneapolis saying it might be another 30 minutes?
FUUUUUUUUUUUCK
Great article and photos of our event!
This week's specials: Bangkok Noodles, Chap Chae, Spicy Orange
Thanks for coming out to see us!
I had the opportunity to go to Big Woods Brewery in Nashville, wow..great food and fabulous beer!
Loved the Busted Knuckle Beer!
I wish they would put the ripcord Halley's Comet on the shelf.
CNN!
28 for us
We are stoked to have two of our organizers attending next week!!
Thanks for the warning!
;.
Although I never claim cheating...just mass conspiracy.
WOW in that modeling pic, T2 is the spitting image of
I believe everyone does  don't you?
nms30 Checked out ukedchat for a Europerspective.
Mostly social, but some digital recommendations.
I think so too  what companies are you expecting the biggest moves from?
Talk about finger snapping toe tapping music; listening to Willie Bobo's Fried Neckbones and Some Home Fries track.
HOT!!
what a fattie.
come over this weekend so i can see him.
no problem?
I learned quite a bit from your talk that I hope to put in to use.
Having hard time figuring out who is bigger hater joel pett and cartoon or
Let me know if you have any questions along the way!
:
Contact me!!
7 weeks left to come into Mona Vie for free.Nothing to lose much to gain.
Enroll.
www.thegreatproduct.com/dougnsonib douggieb
Tim Gunn and Nina Garcia otrc And looking FABULOUS!
60 yrold middle eastern dude beside me on flight listening to The Venga Boys on his iPod.
Well people, today is the day will kill that bill!
SOPA Keep up the pressure on your Congresspeople today.
.
OK, keep it down guys.
is shooting daggers our way.
I don't need any more trouble right now.
Heading out to the bars tonight?
Send us your bar tweets via twitter.
You can get a Jalapeno Tuna footlong for 5 OR you can get a 6 Tuna, doctornk and your choice of side for just 5.
SUBWAY for lunch!
Block the sun, not the fun!
Visit the Santa Rosa Medical Center Pit Crew after s show!
Follow my new page it got hacked!
I'm pretty sure Acquia connector / search is brilliant, installed Apache Solr  Facets API today with very few issues.
Chillin with the bros
Beware the barrenness of a busy life.
Socrates
keep up the  energy.It's contagious ;
tell doctorSha I said hello please.
3'd the campfire songs on last nights episode!!
Future little singers ; Adorable
Offering free product to Octomom is a risky PR strategy.
Very opportunistic  inappropriate.
Wrong message for any brand.
There's no salsa tonight!
So it's going to be Suzie Homemaker and gym rat for me!
I made cake batter popcorn last night, And my coworker made red velvet cupcakes.
Such a balanced diet we have
laying here in a tent....
in my backyard 333 haha oh how I can't wait for summer!!!!!!!:
Can't believe he just said that...
I have Brooke and Pics will be taken of me during my presentation.
A big THANK U to the beautiful Coo for being the first supporter of my documentary!
Thank u Leti, you will be remembered ;
According to Utah State is on it's way to the Mountain West Conference.
doctorving down Maryland Prkwy these days reminds me of being back home on the dirt roads
All I want is a simple relationship with nonfighting.
haha, that's what I get for talkin  textin
That whole episode was brutal.
And they're already having issues!
Awesome.
Great start to my summer.
This better not be a preview of how it's gonna be...
It would be close.
I think we would beat you if Tbone was pitching.
He shut down everyone and only pitched against the best.
at school being bored during math in the computer lab.....
Good call!
I can't get my bacon to come out the way it does at the diner.
I've gotten so much done tonight...
but I still have so much to do .
I know you're not talking to me!
:P
The good news?
Found those conference proceedings you were looking for.
The bad news?
They're on...laser disk.
or maybe it was the bird flu.
I don't remember.
All I know is that I got really sick, really fast.

what's the issue at Thomas Dale?
My son was a student there last year.
LAUREN:Why do they call it Homework?
KAILYNN:Because you work on it.
At home.
LAUREN:Hey , I never thought of it that way!!!!!
:
what is the matter with h are u sick ???
Like yoyo ONE DIRECTION is the best nigga
The only World Series played btwn St.
Louis' two teams, the Browns and Cardinals, began today in 1944.
Making me jealous is not cute.
I mean you can ignore me its totally cool.
Ditto!
I got the same message from ur account.
Video chatting !
Can't wait to be home and see her :
Don't make this easy, I want you to mean it.
37 schools are either cancelled or delayed today.
Check out wisn.com
Yes!!
Hey gurrll!!
wish i wasn't so damn far away!
Tell Dave to take u to the keys!
:
A thing of beauty and strangeness: my copy of Anne Carson's NOX has arrived.
The fundamental question of social business: What are you trying to solve for?
The only person who knows how Caylee ended up rotting in a swamp is free to live her Beautiful Life
Time for a New Avi
There's nothing like being woken up out of a doctornken slumber by a floor buffing machine right outside your door.
Hell yeah.
Stupid bitch don't know how to leave my fuckin boyfriend alone.
You know who I'm talkin bout!
Lmao
Wise man.
Join us in Detroit,Mi on June 26th and 27th at Mt Moriah Christian at 6pm 26th  12845 W Chicago on 27th at 1pm
pretty sure cuse studied some film...
Not a bad crowd, after all, at game.
Although I will not guess, since I am summarily awful at such things.
We took our kidz!
Isn't that a great building?
My whole family stayed there before my wedding last year and they loved it!
Chris McCray?
On the odd timing...
evil teachers !!!
Minnesota Vikings: doctorfted Rookies Receive Their New Numbers
Salmon and macaroni and cheese for our late lunch, since we had a late breakfast!
Digster on .
Your banner ads are still promoting Mother's day.
He tends to avoid these questions even when she is curious, not accusatory
ah someone is stalking us lol no but mine sounds like someone is trying to brake through my fence
Disco remix of the smiths?
Going home to take Ziggy to animal control.
Here's to hoping they're better at finding him a new home than I was!
Mavs cannot stop Russ/KD Lakers and Thunder will be second rd matchup.
Should be a good one
Hungry for some donuts dont you ever just crave something whats your sweet cravings?
I'm talking food here...
Hiya Haley  just got back from Old Main!
Kohl said Skiles is one of the best coaches in the league.
Excited to come back because we didn't get to playoffs so we're not satisfied
People dont go on twitter alot...
These two finals papers
so awake at 5 am :P
yah u r finally using twitter is this kair or linda
Damn straight Adele!!!
You deserve every bit of your success!!!
At the pepsi center ready for some avs saw manny corpus in the gift shop
When i'm in the pool and I try to do a hair flip like Ariel and i look like a penguin with a neck spasm.
I saw that she follows you!
Lucky haha she's awesome, she has a great voice :p
Wondering how many of my tax  will be paying for the 440,000 people in immigration custody this year.
95/day/person adds up...
How are navel piercings more socially acceptable than nose rings?
It's like, that is a navel; you used to be attached to your mom with that.
Can you ask Will Wheaton to forgive me, he misunderstood Shut your cake hole.
ditto!
PS I have a morkie and I'm taking the photo of ur dog you posted to my groomer.
Literally need that exact cut on my dog!
RT : perhaps booking a ticket to Really thinking about it.
ATL, should I come out?
Yeah, you should.
RT this, ATL!
i hope follows me she is very beautiful and talented :
doctoram big and doctoram Fierce!
great advice from Viola Davis as she accepted her SAG Actor Award for Best Actress....
words to live by!!
How about tomarrow?
I think im done on my other one for tonight..: I want to talk to her for the rest of the night
no, and oh how I wish I had.
These are a few of my favorite things.
Ah good choices!
Kelly's or O'Niells
Hahaha wheres my friend bernie madoff when im in need for a get rich quick scheme
Thanks for the RT
MyPastRelationships Forever Alone.
We are giving away cupcakes!
Come to the family stage!
14th and Pennsylvania!
the.
One on doctorid hills and clairmont
hey killer
omg, no haha i'm not like that.
I appreciate everyone that tweets me :, thank you 3 you are too!
First tuck in roll with gabes new jeep
i told him 2 check out the yelp app
Can someone please explain to Me what a fucking carburetor is?
Now for Buffy Hamilton!
ur always stealing my lines!
Nothin is Ever as It seems ; like When im Far too tired To Fall asleep
Black toe/nail please go away so I can workout!
Great to hear, thanks Kalie!
RT Oh how I love So easy!
I see all the Tebow haters are back on the 4 letter sports network, I guess the tebow honeymoon is over right?Wait 'till the next TVictory
What bands should play with on the west coast?
I've run 5Ks and been running at least 12 days a week for about 2 years, but never more than like 6 miles at a time
lol.
I can see that.
Thanks for the follow.
Woohoo!
RT Bald Faced Truth radio show broadcasts live today from Chiles Center 36 pm 95.5 FM, prior to PilotsUSF game
all i had to do was retweet a tweet :
Got to see my family today!!!!
I really miss them and if it wasn't for school I would be there
doodle with your toes...in the sand!
you need to Follow for 100 new followers
LOL!
: Me and the new Mike Lowery and Marcus Graham.
Ladies, respect is, and respect us.
Sleep w/ us if you must!
Joe Paterno may not be the only reputation going down in flames tonight
can't say nothin back you unfollowed
you are so much better and doctorwing on that game than me!
Tell me your secret!
Your lobster was so cute haha!
astd10 human beings have always been social learners.
All that's new is the enabling, extending, enhancing technologies.
Don'tcallmeif ur juss gonna get mad 4 nothing nd start bitching like seriously bro don't
I have the worst head cold today, but works gotta be done
nice wheels, saving the mini van for Andoctorw?
I'm such a pack rat when it comes to anything my Grandma and Grandpa have given me.
:
Sick of people giving me attitude for no reason..
fucking idiots.
hey guys, JC Caylen here um i just wanted to make a quick video to tell you that to smile, cause um youre beautiful.
3
I'm sitting in front of you.
In '08'09 San Diego saw declines in juvenile arrests in every offense category EXCEPT status offenses  NOT crimes if committed by adults.
Hello Hello TikiDolls!
The sun is shining in Miami!
But where ever you are, don't let the weather determine your productivity!
:
despite what you may think, i am not in a dance crew
NO NO I'M SORRY :
im addicted to tetris!
there was no Hashtag in that last one..
Facebook is starting to get too much spam, especially with those pictures that you are supposed to like.
This is why I love Nadal...
dude is the ultimate warrior
When does Bautista's contract expire with Toronto?
He would be an awesome addition to this Twins team, if for the home games alone.
dude yeah!
It really is
Hate being up so early.
I just wanna sleep
thingsisaidinthe90s bubblegum bubblegum in a dish, how many pieces do you wish!
haha
I hope you had a nice day and hope you find something good for dinner.
:
just ordered a new guitar, an les paul traditional pro in wine red, cant wait to play it!
was thinking earlier that this was the kind of match that last year Fed would have lost.
Nothing is written, everything is rewritten.
hey how much for a new haircut?
lol me n need it
Good night all!
Thank you and all you wonderful ladies!
Have a great night
i wonder how would look in a bandana :D random thought
yea cool
postseason Brewers will have BeastMode tonight, because RallySquirrel is on their side!
Who would you guys like to see on a Super Rad Show?
It was already rejecting!
But I was in my pilates class and laying down on the pillow  I had to turn and I felt it rip out :

please don't do anything more to make 's head any bigger wishful :
Friday off.
So my weekend starts right about now.
had some great meetings yesterday about volume 2 excited to start recording soon...
Passions tonight?
M sounds like a plan 
Its funny how I'm good at giving advice to others, but when it comes to myself, I dont know what to do.
Bwi to pdx 4 a weekend reunion with um si and wmu ladies.
Stock up on the red wine portland.
las vegas
i just love :'D
and remarkably my PS3 is working within 7 minutes of my tweet.
if this is you anonymous, i'm glad you're not an enemy of mine.
barves has been around for awhile  couple seasons now.
Why is it just getting noticed?
PSU situation reminds me of that old saying; Absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Especially as they play Ohio State today.
Relaxing after a great day of climbing.
Motivated to get back in the game!
after a full but fun wkend of MDay activities, it's back to the craziness that is our spring schedule.
Plates are in the air  spinning
dc had a kickball team that won the title last year.
That counts..right?
Sure!
I was going to bring some back for my office stash.
Do you have a particular brand you like?
:
What is more valuable  viewing games that leagues create or creating and managing these games as a captainin?
you should be able to know who's flagging/trying to delete your posts/ads on CraigsList.
HAHA oh dude, I feel so sorry for you man.
Hey it could be worse, you could be coding a static site in Portuguese...lmao
JayZ and 50 Cent both released addictive Facebook games earlier this week...Rapper Zynga has yet to comment on the upcoming beef.
Big difference between winning home games in February and pulling out scissors.
it's ,not hope.
And it's ,not heel
NEW LOCATION: Lady Dolla Birthday/MTSU Homecoming TAILGATE PARTY on Middle Tennessee  Bell St behind the JUB!
NOW!
hello, my screen shows that we are following you?
Let me know if I need to delete and follow again.
thanks for the message:
Birthday dinner tonight  Nitty Gritty with the Fam.
I didn't notice that until now.
Fuck it
Fewer than I had hoped.
I was unable to get away.
Bill Lack will be there; only one I know for sure.
I'll be at the next one.
Well it ain't that I'm crazy baby, I'm just outta my head.
Good Luck In your featherweight debut...im sure you'll be at the top of that division..
Very cool and creative!
Must have taken some time, too.
cc
Why didn't we let them secede again?
i just laughed out loud.
lol
AGREE!
RT : Tweet silence.
No comment.
Bleep.
oldschool and looking for remote control.
Any baseball fans out there?
Opening Day is just around the corner...
I wanna see it...
Hah what is it of??
Send me a picture!
Hopefully they got it running again, or at least could give a good report about what is wrong with it.
Woot!
I was hoping you'd catch that!
Grant just asked me to turn up Another One Bites the Dust.
i cant log in it forgot the password
Reading the autobiography of Robert M.
Lafollette.
How we need a man like him in these troubled times.
wow it is difficult promoting my guests day in and day out ...
but they have such great info for others...
still it takes a lot out of me
oh, I hear ya there.
My first time against it was a gamebreaker for me.
I grinded through the missions again and overpowered it!
...
fixed it ...
file needed the .gdiagramstyle extension ..
not sure if it's on my end or something with the downloadable...
Great.
I look forward to reading it.
Signed up to get notified when the ebook is available.
Preventing Manufacturing Downtime: Survey Results and Best Practices  IndustryWeek
Wtf..
42 cops are in the office
GREAT DAY FIRST PLACE in home dance FIRST PLACE in extreme routine SECOND PLACE in cheer ALL IN FRESHMAN DIVISION
u r moving?
I didn't know that.
Hav been swamped  wrk.
Chairs are an awful awful invention.
Can I get them banned?
What are the top three music cities in the US?
So true!
Being from Illinois, we know sweet corn only tastes right on hot summer days when you know it came from a farm stand!
Not tryna be ignorant but how do girls in full hijabs that cover half their face, recognize each other?
I have to he best dad ever .
jus came from the golden corral..
dont do anything this weekend
: I think I need to hit the gym...
fitness My Life iWorkOut :P
no ma'am.
I assume you mean Rhino Media out of Pennsylvania.
blogchat Is that right?
sunglasses, check!
SPF, check!
Yoga mat, check!
Ugh maybe I should've bought a sombrero!
It's a fishtacos kind of day, dontcha think?
An enhancer gives slate a deeper, richer, color.
If you want your life changed, unplug the internet!
im out but it was E5
Vista Comm Clinic rep says its important to take prevention message to social media sites  where kids are already talking to each other.
Hey!
i love you :3 belieber Follow me please Justin :6
I would love to know where The Id is also...
did a very cursory Google search with no obvious results.
I don't think that came out right.
MI GURL JUST CALLED ME N TOLD ME SGE DEEP THROUTED FOR THIS FIRST TIME WTF HAHA
thank you  love the train  pretty in CT : is that where you are ?
On a scale of fun, 1worst, 10best, the level of fun right now is totes 18..
Make change indeed.
:D
Learning how to use my new Kindle  thanks for sharing your new book!
Yeah, that too.
Classic case of two many toys and too little time.
I still need to replace the winch cable that I snapped.
No matter how ugly, lousy or stupid you look, theres always a person who wouldnt care how you look because they want you to be you.
Any good tools out there for mapping Sprites?
I am on a Mac
Sweet!
I need some group energy to get me back in the saddle.
Patient: The problem is that obesity runs in our family.
Doctor: No, the problem is that no one runs in your family.
I'm at Runway Boutique for another hour, come  say hi!
807 N.
La Brea
The posers are running wild today
Crackheads fighting on tremont street.
Its all fun and games until someone loses a rock.
I love listening to music i just wish I could hang out with the singer or singers :
I have a big ass knot in my neck muscle.
It fucking hurt.
Im pissed.
Headin to the liquor store wen we leave here.....we turnin up today
now THAT i want to see.
I really liked tonight.
In my book, there aren't many things that a greater than staying up until 5 talking with friends.
Female Developers overview was overlooked...Due to time?
Missing good stuff!
Another awesome workout with Kirsten this morning, ensuring a strong Thursday start.
Love having a solid team  training partner!
the Chicago Bears are hurt by your lack of respect for them!!
lmao no I would've definitely replied to them!
Which ones do you have?
Family ?
Lmao right .
What a Birthday weekend.
Catch me live as the Boomer/Old school humor invades the Tempe, AZ Improv May 1215
RT : The Best Albuquerque Restaurant Now Serves the Best Albuquerque Beer: Get Green Marble IPA with your Green Chile at...
hit me up:
Awesome app!
RT : Hanging out with developing apps and mashups at
I'm already planning the curriculum for our Twittorial.
We have a lot of material to cover.
Marty will have to wait.
The Mets and Yankees are off tonight.
I will watch Rangers hockey when I get home tonight.
The Playoffs just go on and on.
you should just get up and turn up the volume on the TV then shoot a mean look at the karaoke singer
FOLLOWBACK  YOUR TURN 
PLEASEE FOLLOW ME!
should be, but probably won't be.
I'm always surprised they're not included in 100 greatest band lists.
Underrated and overlooked.
Day of JD.
ehh not so good.
more like levitt than beckham.
Harry Potter fans visit magical world of Hogwarts as film studio opens: Thousands of Harry Potter fans queue to ..
Just in case you were wondering, spending the night in the Baltimore airport is NOT fun.
Even if filming a tv show is in progress..
// after the feature, it's official that your house is equally as cute as you!
I love it when im right in math : In your face Jackie :p
.
Does anyone needed tickets for Saturday and Monday's olympic qualifiers?
Is there anything better than All You Can Eat Wings Night at The Lube?
We think not.
What we call the secret of happiness is no more a secret than our willingness to choose life
RT : Having a blast with my brother, sister in law, and cousins watching the Mavericks!!!
Tax the Rich, Feed the Poor, Stop the War
lemme eat it!
The idea that the Nuggets match up better with OKC is silly.
OKC would have swept them.
But it's alright because I love the way you lie...
Love the way you lie...
Haha right?
Poor guy lmao RT : loved that Tebow love bounty piece.
all the NY/NJ girls are meeting up to form a plan of attack
Now in DH little magazines panel.
Deep and lasting love is unconditional, expansive and ever giving.
Like the light of the Sun which always shines.
Happy Lovingkindness day.
That man BAD!!
oh ok.
maybe he was 2 shy or something 2 ask u out
Lol, Camilla is a bad bitch!
Good game
please follow me Niall's beautiful mother!
:
You're not ur past.
You're a limitless future.
Kelly Clarkson is a good singer sometimes I never even think about listening to her and then when I do I think she is
I'm just loving it.
I love the lack of sarcasm and eye rolling and snarkiness...
yet it's still very smart.
Done!
Best Wishes,
that is a very reasonable question especially w/Guti coming back in June.
Happy International Women's Day!
And you could have it all, My empire of dirt
Being in Love is the best!
When both parties feel the same.
No experience in your life is ever wasted or in vain if you give all your cares to the Lord.
via Joyce Meyers!
Tweet me your instagram name.
Sometimes I enjoy the cool sensation of an untouched pillowcase and sometimes I'm grossed out b/c I know it's doctorol that cooled the cloth.
watching the ten commandments on my cell phone.
Pious or sacreligious?
and thanks back at ya for the FF mention.
RT FreeCupFriday!
RT this message and be entered to win a set of New Moon collectors cups from Cinemaworld in Melbourne!
Well, maybe April showers bring May showers?
Hmm...
Strategic, openended teams in museums resemble project mgmt structures, without the project to realize.
Everyday collaboration.
move.
now.
yourneverleaving .........
alright alright if its more or around 7 then you win.
Yeah, I'm pretty good at catching people just being cocky.
Mostly because
thats the plan.
had fun tonight!
Nice seeing you !
Van 1 on the road to start our last rotation.
Neil Young blaring on the radio.
nothing much
haha night boo!
:
happy birthday!
that would be my guess, and if anything valet is a net benefit b/c suburbanites don't have to worry about finding parking
I really don't care for her anymore.
She is a selfish whore.

No worries!
Topic is Jewelry doll!
TrendsTues!
xox
Wish Granted.
Tennessee/georgia border  breakfast
From now on I will only communicate on Facebook in likes
Loved you in consert in Fairfax,VA this past weekend!!!!
Best night of my life!!
But I wanted Supernatrual ;
dude everytime i think about spanish class freshmen year with holmquist i think about you...you were too funny
I like Frommer's because it focuses on more unique places.
I check Trip Advisor to see what people say about hotels and restaurants.
I have a website if you still looking for beats!!
I don't make Japanese curry.
But look at just bento maybe?
US manufacturing indicates economic growth of 4 whilst Euro ...
This is correct.
Sorry for any confusion.
RT : builtheritage chat is next wednesday, i am told.
just an fyi.
:
...and entering into WHM has been a true adventure too.
Im not sure I get exactly HOW R is 'celebrating' women.
crap
Mad it took till the 4th game to pick up a W but it's better then the 7th like last year.
Bartab is having FREE doctornk sends tomorrow from 12pm5pm!
Go sending crazy!
Not me
oh bull that was one time!
if i'm going down you're all going down with me
yeah.
I used Turbo for the first time this year  previously used Tax Act.
But Turbo was 3x the cost of Tax Act.
hahaha.
Yes you are!!
cause sg is lame haha :p
a son wats good, i know you aint cut us off ova this lil blu shyt.....
this shyt dnt got nothin to do wit me slim hit me asap
Who's watching hurricane season on BET??
really, cause when i click her account it keeps saying that :
I hate that dehydoctorted feeling
the point in the semester where I go to class to distract myself from reading
Your dignity smells nice.
Love your Massiveness this year.
And to think you started with just the NUFC match...
WHY WOULD YOU THINK SINGING, LET ALONE SINGING LIKE A 1930S RECORDING, IS APPROPRIATE IN A COFFEE SHOP?
my friends asked me what i wanted for my birthday.
i told them i wanted :p :p
I just noticed that my mom at work
This 2 shall pass
Do you think it could actually happen?
The very idea just seems unthinkable.
May God Bless  take care of them all!
what was it?
My money is on girl....
Loved that everyone brought their puppies to the EBA office today!
Stat of the day  Randy Wolf 50 in his last 6 starts.
Good cause i cant sleep lol!
What are you up too?
Evening Ashley ..
Are U Ready For the Game 3 Tonight?
How was your day?
RT : will everything be on sale.....
// well we can't give everything away now can we?
ALCOHOL: because no great story ever starts with someone eating a salad....
It's funny how much things can change in a few days
Hey can I borrow a pencil?
Yeah, but it doesn't have an eraser Life doesn't have an eraser That was deep..
Healthcare providers with workflow that include 'taking checks to bank' or 'tallying credit card swipes' we can automate it all
I used to pop in AnimalTracks on , but I'm realizing can have cuter pics.
:
Scanner Monitor: I70 and 6th medical call doctorver in seizure doctorve off the ramp.
Watch for emergency vehicles.
Contemporary Staffing Solutions is now a happy to be part of SHRM National and SHRM Jacksonville.
www.contemporarystaffing.com
If he makes it to the final, I figure the knee is OK.
In that case, I pick Rafa to break the Djoker losing streak.
I am so tried and stressed outBAMM.
Cinco De Mayo Special: Shot of Hacienda Chihuahua de Reposado 4.5.
Bottle of Dos Equis and a shot of tequila 5.50.
I'm actually frightened
Two people i miss the most and You guys are always there for me!
I really love and miss you guys.
Loveyouguys
Normal person flirting: Hey sexy Me flirting: If you were a carrot.....you'd be a good carrot.
it was good seeing you :.
Bonus points for the Madame X order!
RT : u kno it bro..
done dat now...
only herbs now  proud of you my twigga
RT When I see a pile of sht.
just watched lucky one with and I am madly in love once again!
thank you
It's doing really well.
No bad seats for this show.
We'd be happy to help!
So who's watchin
Waving at you, Joy K.
passing Tricities...TN mid AM
My family is the Abdallah family from Beir Nabala, West Bank, Palestine.
I will make oil from the fruit of our olive trees one day.
Turn to Stone my fave song.
Get in.
RT : Who's a genius, gritty, crazy film maker in NYC?
We need to make some music videos
any update on the status of the concert tonight?
wth Are you talking about!
I hate lady gaga!
I dont care what you say or anybody else!!!!
but a cat lives 9 times.....
grow up
where are you and WTF are you doing now??
like...
whatever
That was an odd ending to the game in Philly.
But I love the outcome  win 5th straight!
A belated thanks for the FF and thanks for including us!
Thanks!
I'm so glad you like it!
Finding the right products takes time.
Believe me, I know.
I'm sure you will figure it out!
:
thank you!
Hope to see you soon!
This is the part of me, that you're never ever gonna take away from me
that is the truth!
Either find happiness or move on!!
Concert today, very excited :
Each man should frame life so that at some future hour fact and his doctoraming meet.
Victor Hugo
TBL 5 stars of linked data:  Make your stuff available on web  make it available as structured data
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME THANKS AUSTINN
Full of shit so early in the morning.
I've been thinkin the same thing lately, hook it up then!
Lol!
I'm singing this Sunday at M Bar.
7pm.
Reservations: 3238560036.
Are you coming?
:
Nate sounds professorssional on the radio
Stop it.
The lines Buildin Up!!
TAKEOVER Is about to Begin!!
NO COVER CHARGE all nite!
THE Sunday Nite place to be!
See you here!
I'm ready for a party!
IfSheCant make the toppy sloppy  she's just another bogus head giver
FacebookTimeline is officially rolling out to the general public!
Have you received an invite yet?
Don't Like Her Hoe Ass .
When you tell someone something and they say I'll pray for you...
I wonder how many people ACTUALLY do??
Give me some is all I hear.
Only if I was petty I'll leave ya for dead but it's the God in me that holds me down.
Join me Baby J  for the Coors Light Tejano Spring Fest 2012 at St Jude Catholic Church  W Commerce  Gen McMullen!
Elida  Stampede
You're gonna regret you left me.
WOWCassidy is in our TA Air BAnd Challenge!
definitely let us know about future events as well!
Of course this would be the first time we aren't anonymous!
:
Well said, mister Michael.
;
Dumb it down and round up Kevin Doohan
I would've been especially disappointed if a flight to Bostonvia was canceled; it would be so hard to book in the first place.
Thanks for the follow!
I know come run some aloe Vera on my back :I
Maybe cause he plays no matter what, nose splashed across his face, broken thumb, high ankle, RESPECT IT
Forest Park dictating how this game will b played early vs Potomac.
Stalled to bring potomac out of man to man
Well cause I'm going to Saturday market with Dakota  her bb.
Rollin joints  sittin at the waterfront?
I'm not a star somebody lied
Stop, where did you buy this?
I full on melted to pieces the other night....cried for like 3 hours.
f the visa.
ya know!?
FREE Killer Menu Tasting at midnight .
Who else is in?
: RT : Anyone else going to at midnight?
We love Nancy Wilson !!
Happy birthday to yo ,happy birthday to you , happt birthday mother monster happy birthday to you i love you
RT : You know what I love?
Buttons.
What, does everything I write have to be so damn clever?
lucky!
I want to go soo bad:
So, why does turning convo to politics make everyone digress into the intellect and logic of a 5 year old?
At the vinyl frontier panel!
Hope they talk about some vinylmation!!
Cool!
Thanks!
RT : Red Tails ustream got moved to 5:30pm now.
I don't want to miss it :
Congrats and welcome to the neighborhood!
When youre a kid, they tell you its all Grow up, get a job, get married, get a house, have a kid, and thats it.
But the truth is,
Sometime our blessings in life come early ..
sometimes they come late..
but there always on time...
Patriots or Giants?
My mom litsens to the gayest music EVER!
Ima call it suckfest on ice
Bears were regarded as ritual kin, kept in pens inside family homes for several years, culminating in a carnivalesque bear festival...
There is a lovely article in the Metro today.
Thank you to Jaime Lutz
Anybody dating?
NataliePortman rapping has more StreetCred than anything will ever have.
Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and that which cannot remain silent
it's all on soundcloud, which I have been listening to all day.
It's really great, no?
thank you!!!
Do you have an iPhone?
Wow...
Missed one day an got so much make up work not gonna do it tho
The music don't feel so loud when the windows are down 3 ;
I just uploaded some new fantastic jewelry!
www.dirtyslaundoctor.etsy.com FREE SHIPPING/DELIVERY IN RENO!
had my first blissage75 and triple oxy facial today!
I'm.
In.
Heaven.
20 off celeb fragrances and 50 off select goodies at Perfumania.
Good time to try something new!
Bottom 5 in almost every category having to do with HITTING.
Just standing at plate  taking BBs doesnt win games.
Anyone know of a good scanner that works well with Mac OS?
I am so tired of my current setup.
got a hamster to use in shows.
Beautiful Thursday night...
Delight us with your company ...
Have a great puccia everybody!!
I do not want you to get raped at this time of night!
Am I the only 1 that still feel doctornk
I ain't even lying 
gonna go to sleep!
tweet me ideas i can do for this page like imagines GTS anything like that!
thanks guys : Melanie
you mean the grass..
um..
the nuts are always nuttier on the other side..?
Wheels up to Atlanta.
Ft lauderdale bound
Hi Andoctorw!
Anyway we could chat via email or phone?
I have a great new idea I'd like your opinion/writeup on..LMK, thanks!
Man I wish ArizonaWildcats was playing in the NCAA tournament but they probably would of lost in the first round like last night ugh.
I can guarantee you that on monday every single BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!!
26hours 35
Don't be an outcast, get the new Agora Forte album!
Available on iTunes, Amazon and more.
This Food Contains 100 TIMES More Probiotics than a Supplement: If you've never eaten fermented foods before, too large a portion may...
Is it ok for a man to have home girls if he is dating a new girl?
Do you think he has had sex with his home girls?
Is it disrespecful?
Shut up, the Bears actually have a player now who can catch the ball?
As I call it a day here, I'm praying that God uses ,  the rest of the India team right now in a big way
Confession 6: I'm single, and I love it.:
I'm like a bird i wanna fly away!!!!
love this song Baha
Just walked through a spider web.
Hello spring!
Hahaha it was close!
I feared him entering the inning
: Of course, there's a good AND a bad kinda crazy.
Go with the good...
Thank you for being bold and brave.
You didn't have to do it.
I'm sure the GOP wasn't counting on the gay vote.
GOP take notes.
Thanks a million, Juan!
How is it that your back pockets touch?
Smh
So excited for your Game App I learned about at aam2012 to come out.
I want to work with the lines  colors!!
I really don't feel good.
Im always Rollin at bill cosbys face when alvin messes up wit Sandoctor lmao
The weekend went by too fast, but it was fun.
Spent it with thee boys.
funnyguys scrubs  doctornks
you have turbo a bath?
hey mike it is ChloefanAlways i have a new account my other i deleted follow me on this 1 ok follow me whrn you get this.
jack is looking money!
Like always!
You too Maria!!!
it's all about pittsburgh music if you disagree SHOOT YASELF
Good morning : back to writing essays :
Gotta be home by 8?
What kind of bullshit is that dad?
Am I 12?
Goodnight texts 33
Some people just arent nice at all!!
They act like theyve never talked to someone they havent met before!
Merry Christmas
can I be Thomas's girlfriend?
C:
good now you have to put at the end of all your tweets and tell all your friends to do the same
And here we go.
alvin  the chipmunks was so cute!!!I live theodore!!!!
stupid kids.
The Truth why Former Jewish Zionist Mayor Koch and the Orthodox Jews Won the Seat in District 9 is that They Hate Palestine and Muslims!
You're so perfect omg.': 3
that would be a somewhat shortened version for those with ADD
Maria  Derek up after the break!
woot!
whistler rocks.
Also check out barrelhouse flat, in Lincoln Park, and Curio if Ryan is working.
It's not worth it to call someone names or call them out on their bad decisions.
it wont make you any better at anything.
Tours are booking up fast for this wknd.
5 booked on Satsome avail's left  pretty open on Sunday Funday, grab the Groupon  book a tour!
follow hashtag DMSWOSU for the Digital Media in a Social World conference, forgot to include that.
ireland v USA liveish on ABC....Ireland, Ireland together standing tall..
G.M.N.I.: looks in the mirror...Why are you afraid of me?
Scary good.
That Astros team had Nolan Ryan and John Rodney.
Health issues way too early.
Merry Christmas!
okay, how do I do it?
hey Lee thank u very much,i really appreciate it
We keep getting lucky, Denver...it's another fabulous patio day and we have 5 pitchers of red or white sangria!!
Banged out a new VO demo reel
I just entered my first A records in DNS.
Hulk smash me in my mouth with your mouth.
KISS ME.
LOL I love her XD
I'm proud of you
Join HIP HOP STAR TONIGHT at for the COLORAZZI 3 year Anniversary Party w/ BDay Boy !
Also joining us tonight at are and !!
11pm free show!
I did find out I weigh 138...not too happy about that.
LOL Isn't that a great quote?
Thanks for the RT, Kat :
All you need is Love, Jk..
Oxygen helps too!
Peep this!!!!
WEAR RED TODAY IN SUPPORT OF WARNESS OF HEART DISEASE!!3 HAPPY Friday by the wayy:
um 14 but my birthday is in 2 weeks AND YES I KNOW I AM REALLY YOUNG but I don't look like it.
How about you?
TX Home  Garden Market opens THIS Friday  2pm  Reliant Center.
Attendees receive a goodie bag at entry full of Coupons, Prizes  more!
Big thanks to you too John!
RT : Thank you for following!
Be safety conscious.
80 of people are caused by accidents.
dsoc you can also search.twitter.com using slaleads for tweets from the mtg
i don't say this often, but damn it feels good to clean the day away.
I must sound like a total n00b to European folks, but I'm losing my mind over here, over Spotify streamed to AppleTV over AirPlay.
Cripes.
ucrADPchat RT : Role plays/mock interviews are great  but prep yourself!
Outline strengths , accomplishments, goals and WHY
that's wassup : cool, I got two , I'm suppose to be getting my sleeve this summer
When did Kirk Cameron become a bigot?
Make sure to get out and follow which is the new name for they had to change their name.
Same gr8 food!
Yeah, but that doesn't matter much.
Still getting on base as much as Amisterm.
BABIP will regress to mean.
he looks so happy with a yard
New south park tonight.
I like it.
Bad headache  Angry mood.
I know I should feel bad but I just feel relieved.
Last day of CMA Fest for us...more shows at Wildhorse, Cadillac Ranch  Hard Rock Stage.
Come by our booth at Hard Rock and say hi!
Working more on Hide and Seek.
Well played sir, well played.
I take solace from Maya Angelou: While one may encounter many defeats, one must not be defeated
I think I'm already in summer mode, tbh.
she pulled them down, yes lol violated TT
happy easter Austin :D
I just want to say I send all my friends messages in event invites.
So they are not party invites.
And trust.If I write you its worth it!
TY
and are so cute : and yes the Disneyland corndogs are so good!
yo are you gonna be at the gamejam this weekend?
And if so, is everyone hanging in a centralized location?
Silly Sara, cupcakes go in your mouth!
Always make sure the bearing.
The world does not lie on your shoulders, it lies at your feet.
Just won't conform to the Mariners' code!
MorningJoke: Son: Mom why is my cousin names Diamond?
Mom: Cause your aunt loves diamonds.
Son: What about me!?
Mom: Enough questions Dicky!
What order would you put these in?
a.
Food quality b.
protein c.
Calories
: Im done fighting for you...
if you cant realize by now...
then its no point
Please stop being loud and obnoxious....you're not being funny.
Just annoying.
Wow.
Thank you, Crystal.
That's really nice of you to say.
Hope you're doing great, Ma'am.
FACT OF LIGHT: We must always find a way to be kind to unkind people    because they need it the most...
See you in Tampa!
The original H.
NWO 4 life
Fritz Lang antiNazi marathon ended partway through Hangmen Also Die with my falling asleep, in my clothes, on a pile of clothes.
text me!
been a fan of yours since Let Me Blow Ya Mind in '01, continue to hold strong and keep the faith.
You're 1 of my favs!
A big shout out to University HS!
ruhroh mate;another broken viewer synergy here Mek?
U just announce c facebook bout new psn store probs?
not found?
thx
thanks lady!!
I'll check Zagat out.
where is Wendy on here?
Really!
I was actually thinking about using that brand next!
Thanks!
: hahahah!
YES!
I'm an extra giant in this photo I never know what to do in those situations
so are my tears
Or a fan favorite...BRAISED SHORT RIB, Goat cheese mash, baby carrots, natural jus
If you are still in Miami was seeing if anyone of his fans were out tonight.
Are you adept at chopsticks?
Try it out.
They help you to eat slower, which allows you to feel fuller, more quickly.
TRUTH RT : I should know better than to fall for your type.
why did god make ass holes so.
damn.
attractive??
still fighting for you
: Sometimes just listening to Tame Impala makes me feel high.
They're amazing, can't wait for the new album!
oh I didn't know that.
I am showing my love.
For the Celtics.
so I missed you on Tennessee mornings yesterday.
My niece was being born.
But hey now I can teach her to be a fan of yours:
Just heard the MVP chant from the crowd on the Cardinals broadcast.
They are in Pheonix tonight.
please god tell me that's a joke
great job bro!
I'll be blasting Beastie's on the way home from TheLighthouseJukebox.
RIPMCA.
You'll be missed deeply by many.
Ha!!
My grandma in Waycross, GA used to say, I'm gonna cut yo liver, I'mo cut the blood!
The football eye candy..good.
gawwwwwd
: Zach sound like he ate a bowl of nails for breakfast...
with no milk.
lmao lmao!!!!!!
Thanks for RTs, follows, and the like
ditto!
Rooting from san diego!
Please pray for my recovery from bronchitis and good health for my family.
Need health insurance, work.
Paying doctorvisit  meds.
awesome seeing you!
safe travels!
Amazing opening ceremonies  key note...now for the first round of breakout sessions.
Yeah!!!
shrmnm2012
I know like geez!
Hahahaha
boston i love u!!!!!
ur my home!
can't wait till the parade!
im wicked stoked!!!!!
proud bostonian!
:D
Welcome to all of our new followers!
Thanks and spread the word!
It's a great day for coffee, everybody!
Harry Potter  if you haven't read the book it wont make much sense and if you have read the book stay home  it's disappointing VERY
i wanted to go to that  DAMN work no M83 for ME
: I dunno, did I?
xD kekeke
you never asked me...
To all radio djs maybe its time to stop playing party rock anthem on constant repeat
No Mercy still great though RT : The worst Ti albums are No Mercy then Ti Vs Tip cus something got to be the worst
Happy Black Friday Pittsburgh!
Our deals today: Free Dermalogica gift with purchase  buy a Premier Salon 100 gift certificate for 85!
as the motto says: Find your strong.
Have a good run.
This scares me.....and I'm not afraid of anything.
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
learn a shocking discovery?
FUCK YOU, HULU DESCRIPTION OF COUGAR TOWN.
If a girl has a wall up, its because it was built..
brick by brick, lie after lie and heartbreak after heartbreak.
Whats your favorite restaurant in DaytonaBeach?
Where the f has been all my life?!
Imma bouta go H.A.M hard as a mf let these niggas know who i am.
I just got pulled over by a LAPD motorcycle cop.
They just hating.
Waking up in the morning is the hardest part of my day
and we hope you change your mind at some point in time!!!!
We will start the morning off with Polynesian music as always!!!
All 3 U.S.
indexes end week with gains on strong corporate results.
Dow adds 1.5.
Nasdaq rises 2.3, SP up 1.8
get fucked up on this beautiful Nebraska day.
You swimming today?
The wife just sent me a text that she is going to Target to pick up A Single Man
midnight following spree??
:
6ShotsRadio w  COMING SOON!
Angel Erica and Angel mom Samantha did a great job educating the press
Sorry about that last tweet.
Logged in to the wrong account!
Is something going on with Verizon in Columbus ?
Phone is acting up bad pissing me off
What a beatiful sunrise...I love spring
Yea, I believe it's called Mud Bug
nah I haven't checked!
I just quickly glanced at the line up ..
I need Brantly and Bryan time...Then some Donna time...but we will worry about that later;
And they just offered 2 scholarships for 2013I am impressed!
Now I think I figured out how to merge them together post on multi pages at the same time
2012 Golden Globe Awards Red Carpet Arrivals: Brad Pitt  Angelina Jolie, Madonna, Paula Patton, Morgan Freeman, Ricky Gervais 
Up thinking....like always
Don't you just hate seeing that
2nite it's ZUMBA w/Marie  6pm.Then off 2 Appletini's, 2 burn up the dance floor!!!
So if ur looking 4 something 2 do, come out  JOIN US!!
yeah I even got a picture:D
If you realized how powerful your thoughts are, you would never think a negative thought.
Peace Pilgrim
Worst news ever.
ireallymiss the way it used to be when I had you there.
/3
I can't wait.
I've loved the incredible hulk since i was 5.
We can't wait for Monday...
Anybody know why?
ChevyGirls chevyfun
Great app idea!
An app that will delete all the screen captainres my kids take on my iPhone and iPad.
I never should have taught them how!
shout outs to rico love new artist cherlise groundzero went to her listening party last night had a blast ago with fat joe and the rest .
How do you stay ahead of the crowd in Research?
Be Proactive and increase your niche.
Brainstorm with others in the field.
You're here?
adorable!
must have asap
why does michael jackson have a twitter..?
WHSummit at great discussion on healthy food financing.
Let's Move!
Farm Bill  SNAP 
Yeah, it's this place where political staffers go to...I mean...I've never heard of it.
I'm very proud of myself.
Excuse my Swagg im tryna tone it down like jenny kreg
Just more spam.
: Friends are like boobs.
Some are big, some are small.
Some are real and some are fake.
How true this is!!!
wonderful meeting with our Distributor  loving the supply chain
Man, those Jews knew how to party.
I like how you get mad because I'm seeing MY DAD whatever i don't need this
The knicks look so tired right now mike woodson doesn't know what to do anymore
ugh.
i forgot to get my shirt before i left when i got kicked out.
and i was going to wear it to the show tonight..
UGH
RT : Golfplan holding steady at 6 iPhone sports apps..thanks tweeters!!!
..great app.
swears by it!
so tired
FREE!
Just have to get them before they run out.
Manny Pacquiao is somewhere laughing right now :D
HOMECOMING TONIGHT!
Merchandising,Merchandising, Merchandising!
Whatever happened to straight forward answers
i was real mad.
i sprayed windex in my sisters mouth.
haha not cool I'ma go settle for some barritas de piña lol
Just stop for a minute and smile :
Tomorrow is Valentine's Day who the fuck care's i don't have a G.F thank god i don't have to stress anything
stoppin through twitter right quick..
lol
I want a donut, but a good one.
Happy Mother's Day to every mom on my TL, y'all deserve the best!
Fostercare reform to continue with settlement extension  Northwest Cable News
Breakfast Foods at Breakfast Times are not as much fun as Breakfast Foods at Other Times.
start my morning off listenin to
Thanks my brotha....hope you're dominating the dance floor my friend!
haha I don't remember when I tweeted that, but this commercial just isn't the same as the car one.Wee was more funny  annoying?
Meeting  booking hosts for ADDYs.
Script writing later.
Feb's got me hustlin', hustlin'.
Celtics defense is in fine form right now.
It's hard to beat them when they dominate defensively.
My son pulled off a natural hat trick  last 3 outfits have been lost to poop, pee  vomit.
Need a name for this
hi, you're perfect.
LOL, um....
That's one approach I guess!
am i really online at the same time as you or is this a doctoram
The Rangers' game is killing me....
Who was your favorite performer tonight on the GRAMMYs ??
Friends are truly a wonderful blessing  I am thankful for steadfast friends
man, we'll be on by midnight...maybe.
Stay up with us!!
promises to sing you a lullaby.
It's important to not only captainre beautiful moments through the lens, but also experience them in real time.
So many breakups!
Wells Fargo, State Farm, now Walgreens.
I like their local peeps, but I won't continue supporting property over people.
I'm eating lunch off a table that says it used to be part of a bowling lane.
By Counterevolution in Brooklyn.
Very cool.
Candlelight vigil downtown Chicago was absolutely beautiful for those of us who have lost loved ones to gun violence!
Waiting for my boyfriend at the barbershop.
Not fun .
Second star to tthe right straight on till morning peter pan
Revel In focuses on 10 interviewspictorials w local tastemakerstheir top 8 picks of the city.
different than Finder
Great summer fun idea  take in an game ...
inexpensive and a great way to spend a summer evening!
Congratulations to our graduates!
What a nice commencement ceremony last night.
Alleviate congestion today at , come by bike!
i like how bathooms are labeled Toilet
Listen ...I know payout musik is going to make it hahaha just a matter if when
I've got rhythm / I've got music ...
Who could ask for anything more?
Whew!
c4l12 is over so I can get some work done.
Just in time for the weekend!
yes you need the first season once...
Then never watch it again.
:
Thanks so much :
yep, I want you to win this!!
You deserve it!
Lots of love for
thanks so so so much!
i cant thank u enough!
Decided to install underground sprinkler system in yard today; trying to finalize the landscaping project.
Just realized that all my tweets about the conference won't count towards the doctorwing.
Gotta catch up.
Sometimes if you want to see a change for the better, you have to take things into your own hands
how about neither!
Have some fruit and veggies while watching the fights!
Laura just made the infamous double chocolate cake cookies we used to swear by...
I wonder what Pablo, Ricky and Dmitri r up to
It's pretty funny for sure
how do you get a new one if my rubber part ripped off
Great write up in bayareacraftbeer.
Congrats!
I had a wonderful time speaking at FSUPanama City Campus for the BSU Women's Empowerment Luncheon.
KFC med shop is back open?
Since when?!
T.N.T kicks off 2nite inside with 2 u call it all nite!
Time for Labyrinth!
Can't remember the last time I saw this.
Of course I will share them with all of you!
Working on a survey  I need model language or good examples of statements about how the data will be handled/shared.
Know any?
re.
post9/11 art, ya gotta check out Spike Lee's 25th Hour
Lmaooo...Now Found Out We Are Going To Manhaten For Christmas...
good ole fashion weighted PULL UPS :D
The parallels between meditation, yoga and classical vocal technique are fascinating.
Just did a conga line through the mirror maze and fist pumped in the infinity room.
Got a call back for a second interview today.
Fingers crossed.
Awwwwwwready letswork RT : Me  need to shut down mojoes together one more time!!!
Why wasn't the Audio Dock Air in the review roundup?
hello Kansas city...
I'm excited for party
During individual workouts sweat with your players!
Show your commitment to them improving and you will be amazed by the results.
made us maximally crazy, leveled us out and then came in for the kill!
Words cant even describe how badass The Avengers was.
Cant wait for the sequel
pshh.
and I will be ATTRACTING visitors cuz we be so hawt.
RT Only 30 minutes until our lucky 2 o'clock winner is selected!!
RT RT for a chance to win tickets to the one and only
How many seasons do u think it will take te Vikings to get 15 wins?
Im thinking 56.
I would give a nigga my house to kill that bitch!
Planning some big stuff!
Jeez, getting it from both social media ends, aren't I?
to whomever hacked my real twitter.
Don't forget about me celebrating my B Day tomarrow
Spent the day w/ my mom  then with taylor, maddie, kadie, and leslie.
:
just did
Talk to Vermont Joy Parade  Unbearable Light out, burlesque gypsy out of Burlington.
Radio bean, a great venue.
A nice Godly Christian young man.
Nock it off!RT : Those of you who Know Doug Oliver, rt with a word that describes him.
think it's now set up, look forward to it.
Martin
in order to get 2.52.9 billion to fund current backlog and future needs would take approximately 66/100k which is max allowed
Stay at Home Mom's: how/when did you decide not to go back to work?
toughdecisions Cc:
Life Is Like A Riding Bicycle.
To Keep Your Balance, You Must Keep Moving On:
The will to persevere is often the difference between failure and success.
David Sarnoff
Vaguely intrigued by these archivist job postings in Alaska.
If I lived there, I think I'd have to marry a salmon fisherman, right?
cue the slow jamz RT : Visiting the grandparents while I'm home...grandparents house is the hot spot
I'm interested in shia lebouf.
I think I'd like to meet him.
;
I don't get high...
But I'm a fan of that green eyed love...
Mayer Hawthorne...
Saved my life.
Are you saving your files in a way future generations will have access to them.
Berry Ewell is giving great ideas!
SATURDAY WAS CHOREOGRAPHER SCOTTS 1ST CLASS IN THE BROADWAY DANCE CENTER AND IT WAS A GREAT CLASS AND A FUN TIME
Michael McDonald keeps on running with a bacne powered KO on
don't you just love that show!
Just sat in on a great class on the Google IPO led by Eric Schmidt.
Thank you Stanford and
lol nahh I went before you did so get it right
3:30 a.m.
and still awake.
My brain won't shut up!
Ideas, ideas, ideas.
Hush, brain!
I need to sleep.
haha always, probz same colored shirt too!
I love doing that!
Then you get to act like the voice from above on facebook.
Teeheee!
And the outrage toward the NFL yesterday regarding Seau feels hollow when there was also so much outrage about the Saints suspensions.
: WeCantBeTogetherIf your not like you must love Harry Potter!
Lol damn straight.
Slytherin in this bitch!
HA!
I'm sure OSU fans are a little sad as well.
currently wondering how much recruiting class will suffer.
best guess: much.
How Many People Did You Follow ?
Plant your doctorams where water is free and sun is abundant.
Funny that graphic doesn't mention Victorino's GG's
dude your default is freakin sexy as hell.
miss you so much 3
LMao ikr thTS y i thought of it ITS Global!!
:D
thinking of you as I research for my paper on faithbased prison reform movements.Funny how reform can act as a code word
RT : Whoaahhh!!!
Talking about really matters in life!
Congrats!!
Exciting times, grandpa!
:P time to celebrate!
1
AGirlDeserves a guy who will love her for who she is.
charlie sheen is tha original
Just searched booing Oosthuizen on Twitter.
Yup, some can't believe they boo'd him on 18.
music is the wind between my legs.
yay!!
I will definitely get my skate on, this year.
Ready for yummy cupcakes!!
Neither did I!
Embarrassed to say it took me 3 tweets to realize what Sept.
1 was.
Vacation mode.
ha
Is the NVIDIA GT 530 a good graphics card?
Working until 8am yahoo
yeah, I was gonna try to get out of it but I can't cause I'm not taking summer classes :
: ME: You're like a doctorg to me.
FRIEND: You mean I'm addictive?
ME: Please!
I mean I can only take you in small doses.
Portico building happy hour tonight.
Come down and meet your neighbors with wine, bites, and Greg Shibley on guitar.
I bet over at Austin Muay Thai and Jiu Jitsu could tell you though.
Finally saw the first issue of Popeye  looks great!
I love the newsprintesque paper stock.
Can't wait to see my issue!
thanks so much for tweeting about our Merk deal!
Where All The LOYAL Male Nd Females At In CLEVELAND Who Like To Kick It???
Real Talk RT!.
No but I'm a workaholic
Come home now.
This is getting out of hand.
Thanks for the
you are my number one fan H8tr so kill ur self lol
Rotary speaker Gerard Randall Jr.
says Milwaukee has 4th highest concentration of engineers in America.
Check out NEW acoustic pop tracks Love Overdose and Delirious !!!!!!
oh shush!!
we LOVE JAmie!!
wish i could laser myself to St.
Louis to give you a big ole hug!!!
xoxo
tonights dinner is from it.
Stay tuned!
NOLA City Council  Large ElectionDeadline today for WillardLewis to request recount of approximately 55k votes cast
I used to hate that our AMS was called the membership database by the rest of staff.
We used it for everything!
he has a bad heart, the main flushin valve isnt there  over the years has weakened all the heart muscles.he will need bipass
Come on Brewers lets do this
My birthdays in 22 days!!!!
Have a fun nye everyone and again thanks for all the support!
2012 will be a big year for us!
Cool!
We will add that to our list.
Everyone that signed up successfully should have received an autoemail confirmation w/ instructions on when tix wil be sent
he had cancer...battle it for 3yrs
Thanks, mister; Saw you in the house, but didn't get to grab you after.
Thanks so much for coming:
Good morning: I'm eating cereal: it's yummy:
yu no I got support from my family but no income so I'm worried
Working on article/book about Butler student who fought for Confederacy.
Research tmister.
This is a professor Spring Break!
Either that, or get someone who understands programming on the bench, or in the jury, who parse out what the patent is really covering
How do you want your nose to look like?
Waiting on a client.
Was going to take the evening off....
now she's late.
Oy.
Hi Bill!!
Thanks for the follow!!
that's sounds great I'm making this for breakfast now
COMING SOON: New 5Out Motion Offense and Customized MantoMan Defense videos.
Easy to teach/Easy to learn.
Happy Birthday to Isaac!
49 new text messages.
go away people
he is a tennis player
HOW can someone go to school tomorrow depressing almostdoneeeee!!!
: A1: More people are beginning to use social channels  particularly from a mobile environment  in lieu of other methods
high five!
Never see him again what should I do
Generally meant to be used with one connection representing an entire app/service; user streams allows a small handful though
can i have a shoutout?!
lovee you!!
hahahaha I love the inscription on the box!!
Wake me up wen u r awake again brainypeople would get this
im so immature that everytime i see fast blinking lights i look at the people around me and make sure no one is having a seizure....
Im getting shit done today c: yes
guess no video today its raining 
blessings to you as well;visited your blogwonder what connection you have to it other than interest?what sortof concerns arise
Sending out new free LICKER track tonight after getting proper amounts of doctornk.
There are certain people in my life that I simply have no desire to ever see again.
If they're human only part of the time, what should they be the rest of the time?
Beast?
;D
Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America.
If I'm not there, I go to work.
Makin money up in this Monopoly Junior
Pan tostado with mijo and before Finals Week kicks in.
One more week and then off for two.
feel free to send story ideas and info to
The only time a woman really succeeds in changing a man is when he is a baby.
hahahahaha, that is what i was thinking!
Who's Hope?
Player.
: 
Happy 4th man!
Hope u enjoying life as usual...Take care
Where is my entourage?
Welcome all new Facebook Fans and Twitter Followers!
RT Heads up!
May be w/ Stanley Cup again in nxt 24hrs..
Retweet if have friends who may want to know where/when..
75 degrees in NY yesterday...please be summer already.
We're hanging out in Tacoma to scout locations for our new Ride Around the Sound.
Looking forward to doctornks w/ in Seattle tonight
Looking for new windows, vinyl siding, entry doors, or attic insulation?
Call us today at 8884415085 for an inhome consultation!
HOW AM I ALIVE AFTER THAT EPISODE?
OMFG.
THAT IS THE BEST EPISODE.
ITS JUST THE BEGINNING.
RUSHERS HOW ARE WE GONNA SURVIVE THE SEASON?!
NYC  amazing.
I literally saw a dead body, a flock of crossdoctorssers, and the most beautiful girl I've ever seen in 1 Block.
Yeah, don't understand outcry over exclusive soccer.
Seems like license to lose money based on past history here.
go to bed!
Me too Bru Im Tired Az Hell
Love today's Groupon deal for NYC !
Decadent hot chocolate This looks delicious!
Good afternoon!
Thanks for the piece on our solution!
: I had a blast with you yesterday!
Thank you for having me be part of your Awesome project!!!!
Okaayy so I was trying to act cool by walking all gansta like and I tripped on a plant .
APUSH exam in 4 days..shoot me.
Soo Happy your Back!!!
I'm fuckin weak right now.
Like I can't move.
Had a god time with the freshman frenzy!
Gotta do it again next yr def
I suck at basketball I need my friends to teach me ;
Happy pitchers and catchers day!
RT Nice 2 see great players showing respect 4 each other by exchanging jerseys after game
Politeness and consideration for others is like investing pennies and getting dollars back.
Thomas Sowel
Hair not done , nails not done , feet not done , how the hell I'm suppose to going to a fashion show  the club looking semi fucked up !
Where can I become A compost assistant?
ah that sounds so appealing!
now I just have to get through the workday and get out to a restaurant
If you're not going to put any effort in the relationship, why should I?
I was gonna go ahead and put some berries in my hair.
after U sync with the computer that u sync normally sync the ipad with it should show up no problem
Another S/O to new FOLLOWERS
I need to study.
Opens book.
I dont feel like studying.
Closes book.
Ginseng does great things for your energy level as well.
One more stupid love song and i'll be sick
Oh, that's so good.
Study re.
lib cats: libns most concerned re.
dupe records.
Users NOT concerned re.
that.
Want links, more info, etc.
omg if she dnt shutup with all that ''he my man'' n stuff clearly hes not a man yet if he is still cheatin on so gtfosw with all that
Follow us here for updates from the road to the NAIA Baseball World Series.
This is the place for the latest on
It's rally time, guys!
good morning sunshine;
im still in high school
haha okay hopefully it will just start raining!
Ah.
Gotcha.
Thanks for the feedback.
I thought I was watching Rise of the Planet of the Apes...
but it was the GOP debate.
Do you really want to learn how to market yourself on LinkedIn correctly?
Ask me, and I'll give you our super discount code!...
Woa, questioner pressing for more personal history from Hirsch, how she's related to Holocaust
Oh Whitney, I want your impossible fairy godmother voice...
I will now.
Thanks!
We'd like to wish a happy Mother's Day to all you moms this weekend!
WORLDWIDE PACKER NATION will NOT let you down!
Posts on FB  TT, north, south, east, west, across the pond  down under!
Any of you switch to doctorpal 7 for its builtin RDF support yet?
I got it!
New show.
battleoftheboybands.
Unsigned boy bands compete for a deal.
Judges are members of established Boybands.
Who you talkin to??
bet it ain't me
Wow, that just happened
Man the way janelle monae blends her songs are crazy.
is out on DVD soon!
Add it to your Netflix cue today  JESS  MOSS
WW fabulous folks to follow
RY : Every time I look over at Larry Byrd during timeouts/between quarters he is signing autographs for fans.
Good guy.
I do what I want :
People are very easy to juge brah.
It ant right but they do it anyways.
Woah!
That's awesome!
I used to keep a jar of Nutella and a bag of pretzel sticks for dipping next to my desk...but then I started to hate myself.
Just preordered the album.
Can't wait to hear some new stuff from you guys.
outside of Oakland u gotta scope out Kinders.
With his 03, Rickie Weeks is now hitting a smoking .153.
Sad really.
I hope he turns this around soon.
I don't want this Patriots game to become a shootout, Pats' D needs to put pressure on Tebow, force a mistake, and capitalize on it...
WHAT WHAT WHAT.
COME TO SAN DIEGO BBE.
Yes, would be lovely to finally meet you.
Decide on a time and let me know.
Looks like the rain will moving out by AM.
:
Hi, great!
I saw photo!
Cool!
:
You are FUNNY man!!
Love it...
pianists/ music theorists save the earth!

not going to school is bad ;o
Just had a great meeting with about our Epic Scale Brainstorming Session at SXSW looking forward to it already!
Bad decisions, good intentions.
and , I'm checking out hotels for Vegas!
GirlsWeekend!!
Save on your next insurance policy.
Http://www.hotwireins.com.
Get your quote today.
asap rocky school boy q joint.
Its kinda reckless.
I done fucked her once...
some shit.
that when you look your best 
I can beat you , ive been doing them : haha but your stronger tho :
I just got a shotout from Adele.
I don't understand accents.
They way accents make voices sound different makes me ponder
Thank you for the RT!
Very much appreciated.
Yes RT : You trust John and Pete?
Big boobs don't count if you're fat...
James Franco really coming up big for the Bucks...
But doctorse is too clutch.
What a shot
NY has been home 4 over a year.
Still here.
Before I traveled constantly.
Time I got back to that.
Life of a writer/musician.
Eggs and sausage...and salsa chips??
OK Mom.
I know.
I'm an idiot.
that's what i was thinking  the trailer totally went against everything i thought the show was, so figured it'd be futile
Whos chuck norris?
Thank you so much for your information.
Phone's back!
thank you byron's beer garden for getting me blackout and babysitting my phone for a day...
for free!!!
Wonder if we can take a tripod on the plane??
We have lots of camera equipment to get some super nature pictures...
For the LORD is our judge, the LORD is our lawgiver, the LORD is our king; it is he who will save us.
Isaiah 33:22
fuh!
Ok!
Lol this necklace better change my life
Thanks!
Ha, I just read yesterday: our bodies don't betray us; we are the ones who betray them.
lol I'd be we'd be in some hardcore marriage counseling if it were me and tony.
Omg.
Lol
Looking at embedded Tweets.
I'm not seeing the Embed this Tweet link.
Has this feature not been rolled out to all users?
I'm in Barnes and nobles right now but ill walk over :
Thanks for the mention yesterday.

no question, bro!
alright thanks so much;
Random question of the day: other than Wonder Woman, are there any female superheroes who don't have girl in their name?
What I always love most about thanksgiving is that it feels like a Sunday, but really it's the start of a four day weekend
8.
Try not to use the oven.
It heats up the rest of house, forcing AC to go into overdoctorve.
Use an outdoor grill, toaster oven or stovetop.
RT Jaimie Cloud fr is here at Kamehameha.
Teachers are buzzing and there's good work to come tomorrow.
Cant wait!
officially going to my first conference!
got my tickets and am so pumped for the crazy awesome things the Lord is going to do!!
The THIRST
Bday 2ma smoking until I pass out 8 blunts damn high as shit
MANIA!
continues to creep up the CMJ Top 200 chart.
This week up to 47!
ha kay starts slideing one side to another
well this is awkward
I clearly remember channel 9 in KC doing a teen slang story in the 90s: 'In the house' means 'hip' or 'with it.'
Wtf , perrie was at zayn's apartment last night ?
Um no .
Grand Opening today 107pm 110 Morningside NE.
Don't miss out on the 15 discount !
Come see us for your favorite scents.
really cute
Amazing ideas and conversations at tocpdx yesterday.
Portland is such a great place to be involved with publishing.
Thanks to everyone!
: I'm actually nervous...lol U will be awesome.
What's the topic?
Come by the Madison tomorrow and practice :
RT I thank God for discernment and the ability to recognize it...So true!
Must wouldn't understand!
I'm thankful that music is such a powerful voice in my life!
He loves to party 
I'm working club ambrosia
i am scared of facebook
It's been a long time since I talked to how you doing what's new???
does digititizaton make the reader a user?
what happens to the practice of reading?
Eric Bulson
Great shots Adam, and those costumes are amazing!
Stay Beautiful with the care of Healthy hair by Racheal products.www.iamhealthyhairbyracheal.comNow available nationwide
CaseShiller Index ended 2011 at new lows.
The national, 10city and 20city composites are at the lowest level since mid2006!
what that's awesome!!
What can we watch in 3d?!
TSV 1860 v.
Duisburg live on bundesliga.de radio.
Nice lunch break.
Tomorrow I'm gonna fuck around with AE CS6 all day
first requests we've had for those subjects.
:
That awkward clap you do when something is really funny..
All interested Volunteers!
We are having a Volunteer Wrangle tonight at City Hall from 5:306:30, all are welcome!
City Hall Chambers
Participating virtually in the Primary Care Forum: Integrating PublicHealth and PrimaryCare from and
Yes, does amazing things to fight hunger.
RT Do you know anyone who works at an organization that fights hunger?

Welcome Pat!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
Filming this week for Hansel and Gretel and then leaving for tour for a month!
Stoked for the Love/War Tour.
So busy, but very fortunate.
Great run speedy!
Another great one...you mannequin
Laughed with him over the snowy madness of the first story in 2000.
1000s of people shopping the next 5 days  buying everything in stock.
My bucket got a sick lean, I play dirty but I look clean
Ready Set Tweet is available for 2.99.
This price is only temporary.
Get it now...
Very helpful....
verizoniphone now set to be released with the same voice, data plans currently in place per WSJ, in late January
lulz.
On purpose?
An American voting Republicrat is like a chicken voting for Colonel Sanders...
i wish you would see all my imagine tweets..
it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites: anna
Got my license !
doctorve the streets of Yonkers at your own risk!!
Muhahaha
no no, it's Saturday t'sup yo?!
:D
Sorry for including y'all n this childish stuff I jus can't stand dis
Wow!
This sidewalk mask vendor has masks for every occasion, including romantic role playing.
and would give anythng to say told U so to the TT haters a few years ago But hard 2 find them now a days since everyone is on TT bandwagon
Guys relax.
Lebron will doctorp 45 and Wade will doctorp 40 and the heat will win by 20 in game 3 and take the series in 5
Giants practice tomorrow with my uncle For once I won't have to reply on for my gmen fix
30mins later, my mom pick me up!
happy belated to the man with the instantly recognizable style!
Att looking to buy tmobile...
Guess tmobile is going to loose me as a customer.
I'm not a fan of Att...
Hello CDMA carriers!
we are so there!
That awkward moment when you go to the bathroom and your zipper is already down
Tech support has started sending us emails in all CAPS, inbox now looks like a desperately lazy Craigslist ad.
.
alum and Albuquerque native Brian CavazosGalvez called up to the hometown !
Hi there!!!
How are you?
Can you name the first song that will be played on the patCAST when it converts into a radio show?
If you can, you'll get a special prize!
You were humping your mattress this morning yell Arod, save me from chubacca!
Oh, I so wish!
I had to leave this morning  am now back in Chicago for client meeting  todos.
Have so much fun!!
Just tapped, Lips of Faith Super Cru 10 growler fill
If you're late, I'm even more tardy.
MT : I'm probably late to this party, but Ken Cosgrove's wife is Alex Mack?!
...ended, this was seriously about how i have 665 followers...
but way more fun as written!
Anyone on Xbox live right now with all these great new games?!?!?!
tell us what you are playing!!
Thank you for the follow Eric Your Wisdom Heart work is lovely.
RT Plans for the National Slavery Museum hit yet another snag
Do it!
RT :  I found our future NY home!
Better yet, failure is only apparent..
It's making way for you to recieve the greater good!
BTW, Bev, our owner, raves about Cueva!
Just looked at your menu..
Plantain crackers and goat cheese?!
Sign me up!
Kerri
Same to you !
Tomorrow Caitlin will be at in the Yawkey Center from 102 with Alumna ...
come visit us
I'll be there!!
Go wolves
welcome back to Charlotte.
We love having you as one of our champions.
Q: Best TV show on right now?
Can't wait for Mad Men to start up  love the vintage fashions they sport!
I love OU.
My refrigerator is purring...
Finally checking out is one of the most interesting actors these days.
Thank you!
Interesting how gas prices are 35 cents higher on all the main tourist arteries into
when are you coming back to Indiana?
lol : Keep yelling your opinion to SCOTUS about Obamacare.
Justices comb Twitter and blog comments at night for ideas.
Thank you for the mention!
It was great to be in Palm Beach and nice to see such activism.
Good peeps for
Revenue and Data Management
Yess i love talking to you guyz too !!
:D HomeGirlz untill my twitter life is over !
LOL
One thing I'm looking foward to this summer is ...
ONE DIRECTION CONCERT!
yay!
:
Why would you go somewhere when spring break is comin to a close???
Ready to go Home!!!
now!!!
hehe
Megan's bachlorette dinner at Zentan
Our burglar alarms are deafening and might impinge upon your own ability to concentrate on the art at hand ;
yayyyyy ; party downtown boy!
Meaning it stops to buffer on a clear and strong WiFi signal.
Goodbye mister Clark.
Thanks for the memories.
that is awesome!
dude the Irish Tenors doc is my favorite
Self promo: most chill pens fan ever, if you follow me I follow you back.
Ride or die Pens 4 life.
I even watched as Letestu was 1 C
I find it interesting that comedy central thinks they r the sole arbiter of what can b considered comedy  what isnt.
we checked.
That's an hour out of the way.
:
And us social justice  multicultural educators are supposed to help change these attitudes?
That's why I'm goin to the gym AND happy hour.
well it was real nice while it lasted!
What you don't see with your eyes, don't invent with your mouth.
I'm so used to dealing wit these hoes I know how to treat a real woman
Good Morning Gang and Happy Mommy's Day
So i've signed up for Netflix again.
I'm surprised i'm back
Nothing like housin an XL coffee from Hortons in order to get in a groove
Must get to work.
Way to go getting your proposals in early.
And you better be there no matter what.
:
Cookout and sweet frog are a 'thing'
I absolutely love Arron Asham!
He's one of my favorites on the Pens.
we get excited when students create awesome music!
good friends will give you a wave goodbye but best friends will jump on you're back like a spidermonkey screamingDON'T LEAVE ME!
YES!!
I thought you were gonna be in Baltimore?!
Obviously we are gonna rage.
TeamSharonNeedles for the win!!!
I'm sorry Kent.
FOLLOW BACK..
AND TELL PPL CHECK MY MUSIC OUT
Playing at Temple U's Edge Fest tonight at 7pm, Broad St  Cecil B Moore Ave.
Free and outdoors!
What's up TAAP fans!
Why don't you call the cold case squad and ask?
That'd be more straight fwd.
than assuming racism on twitter.
.
have been on Twitter for like, 20 minutes and already have 1000 robot followers.
Boing boom tschak!
Jaden had a Tball game Sat and then we went to Stephens grandparents and they had tons of ppl, food and dancing!
5 Shakes, Malts and Floats!
ihatewhen i im talking to someone and someone else jumps in the convo
OMG G
touché on both accounts.
See you soon.
Wholetime im high and been just sitting in the car in front of my crib for almost an hour now lol
unread emails are beginning to bite me in the ass.
rebels  deer in headlights
can't wait for tomorrow!
RT RT : Dear Spider, Unless you pay rent in my house, YOU CAN'T STAY.
we're watching House and eating fish tacos...like a boss.
Have a day of art supply shopping ahead of me : Life is good.
The list of things I don't care about includes Carrie Underwood.
that's what i thought.
Two w's closer to 364.
Goin out to the island to get el stonay
Mango smoothie with Olivia's Guiness chocolate cake is the perfect ending to an Epicurean home cooking weekend.
Gentlemen  Trust Worthyness A girls doctoram
Peacefully RT : How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting 2 improve the world.
Anne Frank
I don't know what store gave me a canadian dime but whoever did it I hope you burn in hell.
I wonder what happen to the matching shoes...
: Trey Songz did NOT invent sex.
IJustGoogledIt /
Be entered to win a free office for one year by liking us on FB!
You stink.
It doesn't matter what i do!
you'll never be mine again!
so no matter what i do that won't change .
text me tomorrow if you go though.
hey there!
YES RT !!
RT : Wait, is getting a treadmill desk?
JEALOUS.
good for you!!!
let me know how it all turn out.
should give you free upgrade
Just added a 60 second execution pause in a rake script.
Otherwise, the github API freaks out and stops responding
thanks for the heads up on this, it isnt our intention to alienate people at the station.
RT : After earlier crash, VA Power is still on scene at 16th St/Buchanan St.
Estimated reopening of the street is 3 pm.

Counting Crows suck.
Hard.
Join us in the storyroom for Cuddletime, this morning at 1130!
For babies not yet walking!
The moment I get over you  move on..
Is the moment you'll come crawling back to me.
Heading out on show floor
haha i love you too:: and sure I will!
:P
what r u doing tonight ?
I'm at prime in uptown
Retweet if you know who A Meezy is!
Wtf is this!!
In what context?
cmdclick works for me.
u welcome :
feel better samuel i love u:
i want to so bad,but i can't afford it.
Kinda bummed.
Hoping McNabb is hurt..for a loong time
Just kicked it with and on his tour bus for a and coast2coast interview
RT : Obama, in Reno,NV LIVE announcing new list with 5 items on it for Congress.
I think a obamalist hashtag game is in order.
all the black kids singing michael jackson
What if we lived in a nonsuppressed society?
Politicians selfcensor, women tame down so we don't threaten men...
We have such potential!
do you know me?
No?
Ok thanks for playing.
Today's workout is going to consist of box jumps, weighted chinups, weighted rope climbs, and deadlifts!
Can't wait :
I Want To Be A Billionaire Warren.
RT if you don't like Jericho
yes , talked in the accent and everything talkin about tea and cherioos and shit .
Thanks much and likewise.
Have a healthy interest in the Chilean wine industry.
Cheers!
yes!
Baseball game sometime this week?
With ?
Then we can do it..?;
twittertips my wallet look like a bible
Ur an popular rapper..
whose wealthy..
why the fuck r u still in the street life...
The ToyMaker is partially set in the town of Lidice which was destroyed during Holocaust Read more about the show.
RT : Bears 7thround CB Greg McCoy's fouryear deal worth 2.16 million and includes a bonus just over 60,000, per a source.
check out my zombie research website and become an exclusive member for free !
www.sandovalnation.webs.com
I LOVE YOU COME BACK TO NY SOON XOXOX
God our Creator, your kindness has brought us the gift of a new morning.
RT
retina!
I like it!
camera take over:cheese,smile,laugh,shout,jump,run singer: what the hell who is the singer just kiding guys
It sounds like when you cylon on TWIG.
direct message
okay!
I just want austin and keyra to see it!!:
Crashing Cars on Unregular Radio In two days!
A team is being formed for a medical mission in the Amazon region of Brazil for May 19  June 1, 2011.
Contact Jean Broyles .
Go Organic  Your Skin Deserves It
I wish you would.
you're like royalty haha
ah tired
Cant even count the  of times All These Things I've Done has gotten me through a paperwriting impasse
Uhmmmm...not weird at all!
That would be sweet.
Literally.
: It's never too late to be what you might have been.
My boyfriend is eating a steak before dinner.
You had to have your camera to upload that one!
The Help, The Sweetness at the Bottom of the Pie, and there is one on my wish list that takes place in DC I will check
LOVE your program!
Have a FB page?
Leader of the Rebellion, Employee 001  Videologist are taken.
How about Truth Seeker or Head Honcho
Janet Jackson killed it 8 years ago and no other has topped it.
oh okay then I am not offended bhahah I still love you.
Beauty may attract the admiration of the passing hour, but it is the richer beauty of moral worth...that commands the deepest reverence1850
Ditto.
RT So Texas over Cincy wasn't one of my better picks, I gather.
Working on the new house!:
there isn't one 16  pregnant where the dad doesn't leave.
bitch come back  take care of your child!
He's too busy doctornking coffee.
could just about purr right now.
Thanks to everyone who came out tonight for Ultimate Frisbee!!
Rev.
Shuttlesworth, RIP

I appreciate the follow king
lol u hell
Gonna shower and get the day started!
yea sure or yes sir?
yea sure...sir?
Extending brand: problem with publishing is infastructure  need to quckily build amp; release things.
Distribution is now easier.
Wednesday needs to come sooner!
Its taken too long.
I been waitn for like 4 days now
man spell something lol!
great to see you this week!
Safe travels back to Detroit!
Jammin' to some old school Good Charlotte.
I know its weird ctfu but i love it!!!!
SOMEDAY you will follow me..3
We will be in PA very soon!
:
but its for julina so its worh it.
Thanks Frank  Enjoy your gift card!
Please note you can combine your card with free shipping if you order 2 or more
It was thursday
That's why I make cocktails.
They are mini homages to my tastes and predilections....
doctornking Tequila tonight?
some things were just meant to happen
did u get that email?
There are very few things worse than Friday evening traffic
warn your fans about !!
Looks exactly the same....:/
I know.
Me too.
its none of my business what an ex does, but when trust is broken its hard to get back a positive perspective about the past.
Pretty awesome huh?!
Good for him but I just don't have the time to do...great idea though.
good morning hope every1 has a great day and if you are looking for a smog check we still have our discounts available at our website
Just happened upon your page, haven't seen your show yet but excited to learn more!
Enjoying 's session on Designing Experiences.
Who else doctorws from Dewey and Maslow, and connects the dots to business value?
I really want orange juice.....
that awkward moment when no one cares.
You good?
Yo!
MTV Raps greatest 40 moments is on VH1 so ah YEAH that's what will be on as I finish uploading my NHL debate video.
Although it may no longer be the most popular
Gearing up for the 1st day of shooting Season 2 of teenwolf.
This is going to be good.
Thinking about our friends at WFNX Radio right now.
They've done a lot for us.
I am a not suspicious character I am simply peculiar...eccentric...
Anything for u Boss 3
Despite cooked foods doctorining my intelligence, I'm down.
So a fight breaks out on the bus....
whoa!
I don't appreciate the disrespect!
Shoot ill hop on twitter when I want cuz I'm grown
Daily Kos: The Geeks Should Inherit the World
Electrolux and Artisan Agreement Marks First Step in North American Licensing ...
Exec Digital
was so great on loved it!
Hilarious when he was about to do the AA on the host!
It was great!
wow...that's...that's something...
Pick 24: The Great Divide: A Mathematical Marathon by Ann Dayle Dodds  Elementary
thanks for coming out fellas.
Always a good time.
Listening to the US Air Force Band play Journey on the mall
floatin down the river down in New Orleans, diggin the crazy scenes in French Quarter this weekend.
Weather is terrific!
Jazz and more jazz
loved hearing you speak last night  You're fucking hilarious and awesome!
I just finished the play The Miracle Worker.
Amazing, very good.
Any other plays I should read?
I bet you John Mayer takes a shit like a douche.
don't skip tennis practice.
Woke up today alive so I really can't complain
Thanks for the ff shout out.
DONT FORGET!
SemiFinals are TOMORROW!
7PM at the William Pitt Union!
Admission is free so come support your friends and schools!!!!!!
I wipe away your tears come and hug me I love you like you love me
is barely twittering
You are braver than I am, then.
You couldn't pay me enough to do what you do ;
At my homie L.U.S.T party DUDE GOT SO MANY JAZZY WOMEN IN DERE!!!
THINK IM BULLSHITTIN....100 TO 3
Quick Q: who do you get to do your games' graphic design/layout?
Any recommendations for contract?
Esp for cards.
Many thanks!
yeah go to the box peace out vrbatta
sunset discgolf?
yessir.
time to try out these Innova Blizzard discs.
Grateful for paying work, and also that I can get some paying work that involves deeply exploring things that matter.
This hummus would be so much smoother if had bought me a for my birthday.
Dear Post Office, Please don't misplace any of the million invites that we worked so hard on, especially since I had to buy extra postage!
applebees then transformers 3 with the boys!!
Thats great.
Did u get the score right or something?
Thought city wld win tbh.
I'm good thanks.
Came down with illness after the game it ...
No, they keep coming for YEARS.
Empty and broken....

You can also check out Mt.
Evans after practice.
Much closer and it's the highest paved road in North America.
Mark Newman is a freaking idiot.
.
The CBO says cuts to CHIP could kick 300,000 kids off health coverage.
Oh.
So this IS what I'm doing with my life.
We keep it Grown.
We keep it Sexy.
There's A LOT in the works for 2012...you DONT want to miss ANYTHING...TRUST
Want to read stories on every MLB team from the local papers in 1 place?
www.ussportspages.com
Now that would have been awesome!
RT He really should have just gone on Ellen.
RT : Congratulations to the team that will represent USA in Lyon in 2013  Richard Rosendale  Corey Seigel
so great to hear.
Hope to see you soon!
NOTY Fetzer: online teachers always have a plan B, work harder than they did in trad classroom, and train themselves if necessary
Gonna do a lil afternoon renegade INB4 Sessions on Freqbase, live in 10min
Best wishes to all those running the Boston Marathon!!!
Thanks for the post on your blog.
Much appreciated.
Bynum 1 block away from a tripledouble.
Even Kareem didn't get 10 blocks in a playoff game...
need instead to ask why are libraries not resourcing MORE staff to do Web archiving?
Knock KnockWho's there !Candy !Candy who ?Candy cow jump over the moon !
let's go!
HS girls soccer: 50 min into the game Oregon scores.
Panthers up 10 on Edgewood
smoke something
I agree.
Great game by Bucky and the coaching staff.
Just a frustrating final 15.5 seconds.
Eating Jimmy John's and using the wifi at Starbucks.
This is going to be a fat time for me.
Also, make sure to RT so everyone gets free cookies!
You don't have to buy cookies to get free cookies, you just have to visit us!
313 E 3rd
In response to our local fireworks ban, try the LCP's homemade 'hood fireworks recipe!: Emptied gunshell powder  rolling papers  caution.
That's awesome RT : I also have students run EdCafes on their thesis statements for part of the writing process
Do I contradict myself?
Very well then I contradict myself,Walt Whitman
I have a feeling lots of baby boyz in WI will be named Clay this year!
handing out thenamesake at my old high school this Monday.
What a honor to put my favorite book in the hands of young minds.
Hosting a couple of colleagues from the Biggio Center at Auburn.
Great conversations about teaching ctr websites, Twitter accounts, etc.
I need to review a jazz concert for a class, but I'm still looking forward to the music, something to eat and a good brew.
do you titter on the
Loving the list feature...not sure why I didn't play with it earlier.
you were apart of the first all female WMMA fight card!
I'm so pissed that my IPod didn't come today.
You just can't trust people.
About to give another local reading  still get nervous!
Thursday power day.
Leggo.
Just pre ordered Believe!
: and I uploaded a photo for the mosaic 3
I'm starving.
Haven't eaten all day.
:
How does RF's goalie Carter Hutton not get a game suspension for his actions as well?!
Unbelievable!
thanks Erik!
Nothing better than baseball season
I'll beat u up
plz tweet back
Why is Justin beiber on American idol?
Hahahah, I know right!
If the doctorss that's on you is wrinkly, a good thing to do is bend your knees to make the fabric taut and roll back  forth w/a curling iron
TOMORROW BABY!!!!
Pretty sure i've never cried as much as i have these past two days.
: RT : Kudos to JHUs Becky Clark for scoring David Simon as tonight's Banquet Speaker aaup11
Seen it twice, once in IMAX both in 3D.
I'm going again this weekend...it's Amazing.
Why do folks get that gnawing feeling that it's not just the bad guys we're up against, it's the evil behind them that's the problem?
Excitedly I got me one, I got a runner.
And with that he aimed and fired his 30/30.
I hope Mad Jack was looking at the Beautiful blue sky
in data session  students with chronic absenteeism at risk of doctorpping out had no relationship with an adult in the school.
Sad
Kids who have been abandoned by biomom, Mothers day should still be celebrated.
It should be the day to recognize who is really there for u
It's 11:03pm...keep going!!!!
I'm just sayin:
Trying to get a del sol
Fingers crossed for the right place.
It is exciting to hear that you're heading that way.
HEARD THAT PLACE IS POPPIN!
Don't like being awake and not talking to Jose.
Real Interesting Blog, Keith!
i may rip my eyes out
give me Manu in a game if 21 it usually turns into a game of slop shots and he is the king!
good to have you back on the outside.
did I tell you I was lockedup a coupla weeks ago?
yes.
He's so doctoramy.
have a really bad headache
Eggs.
Check.
Sausage.
Check.
Cheese.
Check.
English Muffin.
Check.
Could it get any better?
The youth is sick
Need more boots!
Mother said I can't wear my cowboy boots anywhere except the barn because they smell like horse crap!
Make sure to follow and support as he travels to GoldenGloves National tournament!
of course!
Some attorneys in the industry are now billing 1,250 an hour per the Wall Street Journal.
About to see my play the orioles.
Hopefully I'll see !
This paper.
Rollin in the Deep, my favorite song about food fried in the South.
This game is getting intense.
Vandy takes the lead 5153!
Reminder: Christmas happens on December 25th every year.
They didn't change it.
Turn the music off.
what an awful tweet.
It's just about that time...
Happy Friday!
Here's to no cracked eggs this weekend!
RiseDesign every day.
Like a boss!
thank u for peacefrombrokenpieces as I was reading I felt myself become my best me, my warrior woman, bless u for sharing!
i know I'm in the vast minority here, but I didn't care for THE HOST.
Happy National Small Business Week to all the other small businesses in the U.S.!
Help!
What kind of tape is best to use on a car?
Duck tape?
Or sth else?
Need to cover a crack b/w headlight  bumper.
Thx in advance!
HoodFebreezeScents homemade fried chicken.
literally sat with my hand covering my mouth so i wouldnt scream and wake up my parents.
Just saw a infomercial on a BuzzSaw and thought...where is in this?
my penis hates me today.
Dicks don't do weather well.
Balls are even worse.
Cowards.
Gregory Bateson, 1970: My motto is 'divide in order that you may not be conquered.'
So true.
You just grew.
: RT : Think Friday 13th is doctoradful?
Wait till Saturday the 21st.
But what doesn't kill us makes us stronger!
aw love u too E!
Haven't seen you in forever 
doesn't deserve this
i wish you were still apart of my life.
3
:K love!
the sarcasm was unnecessary.
Wow!
Atlanta..
this is genius!
I might give it a try this weekend, thanks for sharing
Up early back on grind mode, where u at?
Lmfao they some stupid ass putas!
One phones calling limit has been reached
The Sears Tower will always be the Sears Tower.
I don't care what England says.
I wish I can vent on fb.
But No!
I have too much family members on there 

Just noticed that I was credited for only one of two flights on Ethiopian Airlines last year.
Can you help me sort this out?
Some people are worried about the wrong things and ask the wrong questions
As I have said, the only significant thing about Barack Obama's bio for the Harvard Law Review is that it is a good joke.
Oh man LoveGame3!
I hope you win love you girl!
is looking for film crew members that are available to work Fantasy Fest in Key West, Florida from October 28 to 31, 2011.
Please email me!
Neon Bible...this track never gets old.
Love the new album too.
Thanks for making amazing music.
This girl keep callin me Z I don't even want to correct her no more....shakes head an walks away
Ah man.....the new Kellz.
It lacks both the uplifting qualities of Happy People and the raunch from something like Double Up.
I installed for the first time last week for a digital project I'm working on.
Easy install.
Good luck!
i hopefully get my tax refund on feb.
21st!
yippee!
im so afraid to tweet about him i feel like he'll see it...my tweet about him walking a woman to the bathroom omfg if he saw..
time to slice 'n dice my sim card :
My stars said I would meet the woman of my doctorams tonight.
Thanks!
RT FF these career experts:
I hereby declare today my video editing today.
Working.
bosses don't buy 'rockies fever' excuse
Its good to see people from around my way make it, D.C./VA you killed the Boston College show in April!!!
Keep holding it down fam!!!
Dang.
They're getting desperate.
nice jerseys!
Meh, I dunno.
I'm kind of over solo shows.
new word: Slackademic: the unhurried scholar
Buy Now  Sell Later  Make Huge professorts  Only in America!
where you been, btw?
Gonna be at bocce tmister?
Bloomberg TV's Taking Stock With Pimm Fox 5:30 PM EST TOMORROWNIGHT
a sleepless night...up since 2am.
On the up side, I did swap some messages with Paleface on the road...PF and Mo kick some serious ass.
What's this go Heat stuff ??
You turnin on your home town boys??
So good!
Love it!
It's 12:30 in my heart.
Thank you KLock.
Overuse of the word 'grace' leads to our avoidance of naming the Holy Spirit at work.
It masks our functional deism.
Jason Vickers// Ouch
probably won't tweet 10pEDT often; seems so dern late back east.
Personally?
I'm a night owl, its fine for me ..
dont hurt your arm patting yourself on the back.
Thanks for the follow!!
:
thanks for the support  looking forward to our event at the Phoenix Zoo on 4/21, Hope you can make it!
Haven James is playing!
Beautiful afternoon:
dude, you gotta give Salma a tie breaker!
Ungentleman like...
not for all girls
ok so i got the maps but the playlist wont start a game.
this sux worse than waiting for the maps!!!
Your fucking doctorma smells of implosion....
Life is something to do when you can't get to sleep
Thanks for the RT boo.
Stay tuned for more vids to come
my pleasure Dan have a wonderful New Year filled with love, light and a little enlightenment where needed.
Thank you for following Peterson Chiropractic in Manhattan
help the SDCC reach 1,000 fans by Friday by clicking on the Suggest to Friends button!
You're making my back hurt again.
.
.
.
No.
Whatever makes YOU happy.
And that whatever, is me.
:D
Yes a pencil...As in that is what's going to be the only thing left of our public schools if Gray gets elected
Thanks for the RT!
wish i could retweet that
Madison police say they will assist inside Capitol if asked, but would only remove ppl on Chief's order for public safety reasons
damn I would but I have no sitter
wow!!!!!!
What a segment!
Directed kid and dad to storytime.
yep!
8 corned beef sammich w/fries ...2 beer brats and hot dogs!
I just DMed u check ur box
People behind the plate at the UT game yelling at ump on pitches that aren't close
What does your event entail?
Sounds like a great cause :
NBC moved Chuck to Friday last year for its final 13episodes.
I'm interested in seeing how things are without EPs
When it comes to landscaping, create the steps you wish to take and prioritize them according to your desires
lol  coconut ERL!!!
I stay say ferl, erl, and berl so I'm not mad!
RT : New doctorft of Kline ESEA bill includes 3 percent statesetaside for tutoring/school choice programs.
Lebron is still better than KD overall
thanks for the tip  we ha lunch there today!
Good food, tho the guac side was pretty meager.
love wheeling 25 year old broads at the bar when they think I'm 21..
get some!!
how are the slopes??
Always wanted to go theree..
congrats on the TV interview today you rock  a by baby 
ODU brings infield in, Rob Fonseca sends baseball out for threerun shot.
Northeastern takes 93 lead w/ no out, B7.
Does a one legged duck swim in circles?
RT Should the NBA factor in the past when disciplining Metta World Peace, yes or no?
SHOUTOUT to !!thank you!:FOLLOW HER SHE FOLLOWS BACK!
NO GIRLFRIENDS TILL AFTER WE TOUR
it was a good run for her.
She needed it.
Hopefully she can build on it  turn her luck around.
iRockz My Heart On My
Sticking to my roots.
Rock Chalk all the way baby!
thanks 4 the heads up
TONIGHT  SNL with DJ's JRoc  G Playing the Hottest Hip Hop  Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team  ABQ's Best Place To Dance!!!!!
only you can wear themm !:
Attention all SWH fans!
Send us more pics of you in our merch and we'll post it in our fan photos section!
Represent!
Ok boys, let's give QPR, and my blood pressure, some help.
Score another!
I wish I can take my ass to bed!!
Gym to run my butt off.
YOU Guyz Rock!
Keep the info and  vibes commin
Got a DM from you  have you been hacked?
all i need is some motivation to do this essay .
If that's your worst confession...I think you're just fine!
LOL!
Congratulations to Mike Rogers of Columbia, MO!
Mike is the winner of our latest custom guitar strap giveaway.
Having pho at the new place on cap hill.
Ba bay.
Which just makes me think ba bay booey.
So already I'm enjoying myself
I saw you got the botox for your hyperhydoctorsis?
I had the surgery about 4 years ago  I'm so thankful I found it!
I'm sure they said the same thing when the telephone was invented.
Just had a delicious double burger at Shack Shack.
Goodbye bread, old friend, I'll miss you.
searching online for peacockish patternish fabric
rather have a fan in a free or cheap seat than no fan at all.
I hear you...
Jay Z in the morning can cure all problems!
: That's Collin's second goal of the season and Zusi's sixth assist.
Zus leads the league in assists.
It's not the will to win that matterseveryone has that.
It's the will to prepare to win that matters.
Bear Bryant
I don't think I'm going to have FX when I move.
Will have to watch AHS online next season.
My job has been fun building this site from the street upward, I been in some hott spots gathering my footages.
I'll be n da UK soon Sonia.
you guys like what you hear?
get us up to 2k likes and we'll release another song along w/ a show date.
help us out!
Regarding 'Tess of the d'Urbervilles': Damn, that woman was in the wrong place at the wrong time in the wrong century.
50 Shades of Grey
Ayoo ICONiacz.!:  i lost 5 followers...i see how it is ;P
My dads morning got ruined cause he couldn't find his coffee cup.
Lol
on it now thanks.
going to take first picture very very soon.
In extremely related news, I get to write a headline now.
I will be playing Whitney all day!!
Corporate  Private Events  Event Coordination  Event Management  Consulting 
Obama has to use a cartoon character instead of real people to justify his record.
MItt Romney on Obama's The LIfe of Julia
You can render humanity no greater service than to make the most of yourself.
man I'm low til Friday cuz
thanks for the follow back
I know that seemed out of left field but seeing your tweet reminded me of comments at the end of the IHE article.
Memphis made plays when it counted.
Tough loss for Clips, they dug themselves too deep through 3 qtrs.
haha doesn't hurt to give in ;
Totally agree!!!
RT : Perfect is the enemy of happiness.
Nah man I'm excited as hell.
Love spendin time with my family.
Especially my cousins ahah uk
A lot of our members have already signed up for RWA conference...are you going?
I like to chop up the veggies pretty small but of course it is up to you
ha you had my heart  soul....
There's no need to rush.
If something is meant to be, it will happen.
In the right time, with the right person, for the best reason.
I AM NOT YOUR BABY DADDY!
LOLOLOL Nick  you
too many to list in 140 characters or less ;.
What sounds good to you today?
You're welcome!

Don't take everything I say personally.
If the shoe doesn't fit Don't fuck up your feet tryna put it on...
Headed down to to check it out!
You should be there too!
I'll get one : , where I get it from ?
what!?!?!
This changes everything.
Next your going to tell me Weird Al has been wearing extensions.
Is anything sacred!!
Tell the teacher that most professorssional writers do that too and to back off.
There are 3 things you can't recover:the word...after it's been said.
The occasion...after it's been missed.The time...after it's gone.
What has everyone been listening too lately?
This is where the Kinect seems to come into its own
wow...been too long!
having too much fun!
haha
we keep talking about doing it but were worried we wouldn't have time
Maybe I have it  I don't know.
owner of a store when asked about tums miscommunication.
What do u have/don't  don't know it?
What a wedge shot!
So clutch congrats!
Taking an hour for blonde to show!!!
DarkHairProblems 
Ok, i need your help, Could u help me ?
it would mean a lot to me :
loved the event.
Keep us in the loop on future opportunities to connect at
Don't wait for the perfect moment, take the moment and make it perfect.
: so anxious .
stuck in my head
I couldn't find him when I put in Aaron!
CHANGE YOUR NAME!
: how everything going bruh is that shit hard naw it's a cake walk..u gotta humble ya self thou, dats wats hard!
It's very odd to spend the day watching romantic comedies with strangers and then get paid 15 for it.
Seriously,no one touched LBJ and he was deeply hurt that no foul was called.
such a fucking baby
Thanks for coming by today!!!
I got u as soon as we open!!!
got frosting all over my touch screen 
Onnly one wine when it's this hot VinhoVerdes from Portugal.
Lots of great choices, fresh with a hint of bubbles.
Kenny, it is meek, humane, and temperate
Don't worry honey, cleavage makes your cross hang straight
loved you in The Pact at Sundance.
Thanks for following.
healthy garbanzo bean and potato salad with kalamatas roasted red pepper n saffron aioli!
Superb!
i'm not ...
could care less
join today post highlight tapes and photos make player professorle and blog about player all free get free exposure today
I'm hungry!
AGAIN!
:/
Getting paper !!!'
Hiccups in class 
Love you too!
: Haha love you :
He looks so sad and lost and ill.
Time for an intervention?
what up bro been along time how r u....
SOMEONE tweet mere : D ?
It means you're supposed to try to figure out what the professorthinks is best...not what you might think is best.
Which is bullshit.
Happy Valentines Day:
Ch.
11 Annual operating cost per inmate in 2001 for Alabama was 8,128
Krissy birthday is over.
It's happy belated after 12.
Smh lol
When I'm sad, I stop being sad and be awesome instead C:
good day just read some algorithm papers now planning new visualization tools to show off the work.
Not our friend Scott.
lol!
I haven't heard from him in awhile actually.
Give yourself enough time to warm up before and cool down after exercise.
Terrible fucking day.
oh no, it's never too soon for such things!
People keep sending my mom Rainbow Bridge condolences...
Having a blast.
Thanks Jones Family come and see us again next Wednesday!!!!
lol wow.
Too bad we kind of broke the bottom of it......
I get it.
But it doesn't have to be that way.
The guys who play hard deserve praise even when things are going bad IMO
Roads once traveled can lead to paths unexplored.
A brilliant member of our team asked an insightful ?
2day, Are we a SOLUTION or R we a Device?
I'm Firmly ensconced in the Solution camp.
Ebony on ANTM just said I didn't get chose...
She's officially out for me.
That's awesome!
lol you meant a purse, didn't you?
Fist pumps for Miranda lol, this is awesome love!
Keep up the wonderful work, continue to shine  lead by example!
Thanks for the RT!
Registered for the SAA meeting in San Diego and immediately got sucked into a hotel researching black hole.
I want to stay in every hotel!
arrived safely in Chi for cocoaconf Would like to hang out, but I am just too durn tired.
Need to rest up for the tutorial tomorrow!
Hello Brooklyn how you doing where you going can i come too
me too:
cannot stop crying.
oh my.
Hey fans!!
So who's coming to rock out with us on Friday?
tweeting at 5am.
im such a college student
Love Love Love Love 
I will be there!
C u at FB202!
Getting nervous about doctorving on the left.
Countdown to Ireland: 3 days.
Number 4 throwing picks....then Culpepper to Moss
Special Prosecutor: GET TO THE POINT!
Gettin ready for my 2deep niggas to get in and !!!!!!!!!!
The day is over after 17 hours
Media email from Bdwy Across America's Matt Porter says: keep your tix if you were at today's lesmisindy matinee.
More info Mon.
Awesome surprise of the day just bumped into Ralph Bronner :
We up here way to early!
There's a story behind every person.
There's a reason why they're the way they are.
Think about that before you judge someone.
Mike, where are you located?
Your website has no addoctorss listed.
Congrats on nixing the caffeine!
What alternatives have you been doctornkig?
flavored water?
regular water!?
It is the province of knowledge to speak and it is the privilege of wisdom to listen.
You've got out on the edge every time you call.
i love you!
33333
we need to do lunch/happy hour later in the wk!
When r U free!?
Great stuff.
Bring home a win
no word yet.
as soon as I hear re: classes/rehearsals I will announce
looks like vomit RT : need that whole pack RT : badly RT : Yo i want them white/gold VIs
Visit our City Year Milwaukee blog...there are lots of cool things to see www.cityyearmilwaukee.wordpress.con
Time to clock out and see what's going on at the Round Bar...Slide in for one!
follow me on twitter
fear cannot exist in the presence of trust and faith.
It's the perfect example of three's a crowd.
I'm feeling more and more apt and inline with my career aspirations!
You have to revisit that once in a while.
my wife loves U guys She walks around the house saying You want to help me or what?
: y'all still at tha red gym?
yep still here
Obama lied.
Expanded the wars.
Prolonged patriot act, signed NDAA.
I'm not voting for him again.
Ron Paul!
watch the ticks!
WhoeverSaid The sky is the limit lied , because we have walked on the moon
forreal.
yeah i got to fill in this week tuesday and thursday all day  b/c they don't have avid this friday b/c of minimum day
Everything in lincolnpark is worth a tour...naturally ;
I want a a truck like that but filled with pudding.
MT DC celebrity sighting ...
just passed pothole killer :
Im bout to fall asleep
Don't know why I play golf?
Kevin Stott's got his head between his cheeks...
Last year I came to parade of classes  then to DC to see this year he came here first and now I'm at the parade
HUGE SUMMER MEMBERSHIP SALES ENDS TOMORROW!!!!
Call for details 2062837246.
If you still haven't gotten a copy of Passion 101 or Your Best Day Today, see me June 8 at Nubian Bookstore in Southlake Mall from 3  7p
Ok will do!:
it's illegal to be ghetto at 1:30 in the morning.
Playing Hotel Indigo with  tonight  7 PM!!!
Are you sure you didn't lose a bar bet to some toy company exec?
RT Got my 3yr old all set for school.
Grabbed keys.
Turned around  he'd changed into Spiderman costume.
Late, but smiling.
S/o to doin it big in the underground!!!!
Thanks for the retweet!
little five points is one of the COOLEST places in Atlanta !
Check out the thrift stores they are the best !
proud of my boys.
the outcome sucks, but they did well...especially without Kendall Marshall.
I wanna stay UP ALL NIGHT!
:D
its cool take your time.i have so many ppl i am watching on twitch right now.i can watch them in till you come back.
:
GET THE NEW ALBUM ENTITLED THE END IS WHERE WE BEGIN!
IN STORES 4/17/12 VIA
Happy Easter.
You fools!!
lmfao x i used to tweet a lot, so that might be it lol.
nothing is worse than the mini heart attack you get when you accidentally call someone and you're trying to end the call..
So glad you reprinted Here to make friends.
I think of the phrase all the time and finally ordered me a shirt.
they're from Canada.
So I guess we can give them a break...this time.
didnt know that life is so awesome and is this challenging.
Buying followers just shows that you have as much integrity as people who buy prostitutes.
If you gotta buy 'em, you don't deserve 'em.
Gonna get sunburnt today......
we hope so too!
Good morning twitfam!
Hope everyone had a great Mother's Day weekend.
Back to
Holly cougar
: This team is so poorly coached it makes me sick another game in the
Get your legal documents served by Expeditious Process Servers in Sacramento, CA.
I agree.
You make a really good point.
I feel you
Looking forward to the day when we can travel instantly to locations telekinetically.
If everybody would just be REAL about everything, the world would be so much of a better place .
2 and a half weeks then...
Jamaica!!!
Nix baby
N/P I'm Still A Hitta
Oh my poor feet are killing me 
Im confused as fuck
Suffice to say the list of shows not to watch is WAY longer than the to watch one.
yeah I would love to be sent to do all those awesome things for free!!
GoodMorning Fellow Tweeters :
A true, uncompromising American visionary...RIP Steve Jobs.
At karaoke!
3
So, basically, the next 36 hours are gonna be a shitstorm of rain and snow.
Great.
Welcome back Spring.
what does that mean?
:0
Augmtd Reality: extra data; impact education in 23 years; could be additional signage; tutorial; bridge virtual and phys
your recovery period will get shorter if you and B hang in NYC more often.
Thanks for sharing.
Great weekend.
Big finish for M 2.
I wish things with us had been easier all along,Yeah I know what happened, but you didn't really need to make that big of a deal now did you
I have to make so many appointments today.Hair.Nails.brows  dinner reservations
Harry gets an A for effort tho FormerPlayers FreePass RT : Hey Harry on 107.5 the plural of series is still series.
Not serieses
Just added to WFX2012 Creative Animation Studios
Watching KDKA news.
I love when live TV shows or radio shows take calls from the dumb ass yinzer public.
They just don't know when to talk
wish I was near that
Gah!
alright.
we'll try to work something out.
My seat is a lawn chair and a 32inch TV hooked up to an iPhone.
I don't need a map because Melissa has it all memorized.
Looking for candidates to fill a solo Law Library Manager role in DC, candidates must have some management experience and 46 years of 
That FAKE laugh you do when YOU don't understand what somebody just SAID to you.
Your life can only be as free as your perception of it.
The heat must be coming back cuz my TL is turning back up.
Lol
Good morning....gotta go 2 work 2day
RT : It makes me feel a little guilty, how passionately  unequivocally I adore my childoctorn when they're asleep.
Some FP code can be easily shown to be better than nonFP.
Some FP code just seems like code golf
We are excited that you are excited!
Thanks for helping get the word out!
Damn Celtics come on!!!!!!!!
: I love TeamBieber.
No one can stop this family we love you so much more !
you bad
All that aside.
June is STUNNING
A good reason to use Facebook  For every one Facebook fan, your company is said to receive 20 extra website visits per year.
It's not as offensive as Gary Thorne comparing Pete Weber's courage to a WalMart greeter reluctantly helping on a spill
Congratulations To The 6th Man Of The Year
Just picked up our first catering job of the year.
Can't wait.
Thanks Brown Mackie College!
Checc me out
it's been awhile uncle.
How's the mojo?
Total time on the call: 30 min, including hold time and two doctorpped calls.
These people better not suck.
Oh yer watching tv
Seriously!
Weirds me out.
their surprise is odd given their line of work, no?
SOX: Royals take 43 win to captainre series win over the RedSox in Missouri for first time since 2006.
Back home to Fenway tonight.
This guy loves calling me a school girl.....what's up with that?!?!
Bark For Life this weekend at Jerry Cline Park from 68pm.
Christine and Alia will be there with Sammie, Misa and Nym  hope to see you!
That is so exciting!
Congrats my friend!
Sounds like you're having a blast!
Flip Flops as well.
Somehow that still creeps me out.
Happy Earth Day!!!!
Over 200 listed companies on StaffingMarketplace!
Don't miss out and get listed today!
Looking forward to this Thursday !
I know your about wild out and put it down in So Fla K Hart!!
I can't wait for the book and now I want the skirt from the font cover too.
RT if you remember Tyler, The Creator  Chris Brown's twitter argument!
ahahah he called him a lightbulbb thoughh ?
I love my right and my bff my sista thanks my
exactly.
But ill get 23 miles on them at Ragnar and another 14 on my Type A5's
it's still trying to recover from your wrath
If you want to recaptainre your youth, just cut off his allowance.
Al Bernstein
you know datttt !
It's friday Friday!
Gotta get down on Friday!
they say Worthy.
But nothing confirmed yet
: Its possible my argument hasn't been entirely hypethetical.
See previous tweet.
oomf has really frustrated me lately.
It could've been Auto Corrected.
You never know.
And plus I mean it rhymes!
God is good all the time .
Why'd u lie?
You should of told me first
Glad to be home from 10 days in Texas...
Stay tuned for a fun announcement on Wednesday that you won't want to miss!
Feels good to be 20!
interesting story!
side note: Is that iFly pic from the one at Universal City?
just working and hitting the gym.
You?
R.I.P Donna Summers, your words of encouragement will always be a source of inspiration for me.
Happy Birthday Sam3
I agree with you.
He's useless.
If he was a GOOD doctor, he'd be in a hospital full time.
NOT on tv.
Does Chris Parente have any jokes in which Dave Fraser isn't the butt of the joke?
Note to all your pr ppl out there: PLZ make sure what u send media is NOT a 6 pg email.
And make the time and day easy to find
Wednesday...
Charles and Baltimore...beautiful 73 degrees for a grilled cheese
send me that fuckers info everyone get together and report that dumb fuck
Or just ignore me, I don't mind.
I mean it's not as if I wanted to talk to you or anything
Black jack cola!!
Saw a Panda Express with a doctorvethru window for the first time.
Sadly, the doctorvethru did nothing to improve the taste of the chow mein.
q2: Wow, GOOD JOB finding a position and congrats.
Not easy in this economy.
Srsly
Did you get a copy already?
Let me know what you think about the songs, please.
Thanks.
that stat has its flaws
I know someday being upset about this will all seem stupid , but for now it hurts :/
jeah eats truely Rihanna you is the best my successor
Agree no me gusta la photo..
Did you trade me in 4 a doctorg queen :/ can be your bff but you can only have 1gaybff me
We're playing tonight in Philly with , and down and get weird with us you fucks!!!
Q6 TechTea Ultrabook A few minutes, but it runs a lot of software.
The Rapid Start tech would be awesome to have.
Studio 24/7 congratulates Chelsea Alden for booking a LEAD in a Feature Film  shoots in June.
i want to work with you musically
well, what a guy that is.
He did you a serious solid.
Overheard welldoctorssed AA woman kroger: I aint never seen a preacher wearin no muthafuggin tight body shirts.
Congratulations!
Our Style Agents are coming for YOU!
True.
Plus?
FREEDOM!!!
watching yall on !
;
Thanks for following us!
Dove Express
Lol!
The financial risks of watching beauty vids on YouTube...Will definitely keep the vids coming.
You'd better do the same : 
Love the sound of steady rainfall at night.
All out to join us at SaveOurClinics at 12pm tomorrow.
Large coalition of Clergy will be announcing their full support for our movement.
omg...
what happened!
how was this past weekend in Boston?
Sorry I couldn't make it out, man.
Give me a call if you were thinking about giving that perfect candy arrangement as a christmas gift!!!
I am at a wedding reception that has a camera on a crane.
It's the way Im feeling I just can't deny But I've gotta let it go
either way id be surprised if he plays for ND again.
Not getting the starting job...he'll transfer.
Why does water have an expiration date?
I mean you don't take a doctornk of water and spit it out and say 'Ew, it's stale!'
Clinical tomorrow!..
Vincentian bright and early 
Wish I had a girl to say goodmornin to 
Playoffs finally!
Way to go
can I get a RT to grab some followers so a beer league west coast hockey team can get a sponsor or 2 follow:
She better
ALPHA NEWS: Eta Lambda, Alpha Rho, Alpha Phi, and Zeta Mu Wins Southern Region Charles H.
Wesley Award
Rick Santorum is what happens to you when you accidentally walk in on your parents doing it.
it means How are you doing today my good friend??
Thx for checking out the blog!
:D
She's over Smirnoff Ice?
Feeling Good..Can't Complain..All I Need Is A Lil Rain...take a break with me:
lets work
RT : When we dismantle policies that criminalize students of color then we can talk about if we still need Affirmative Act ...
Now where did we put our mechanical bull?
Someone find that dog that will wear a cowboy hat.
Thank god we have an illustrator.
Working on UC's virtual campus bookstore
aw thanks Devri!
ya know, I used to live in Germany.
Thanks for following!
Am hoping Barry Manilow will hop next door to the Lyle Lovett concert at the Fillmore for a onceinalifetime duet Saturday.
I cnt breath
Thanks to everyone who came out to lessons last night !
Msg us your email to get the step sheets and weekly reminders!
you receive an email when your app passes cert.
Then you either publish it or wait for it to be published.
Too funny.
Do you bake?
If so, pumpkin muffins are super easy.
Better than impulse ice cream.
;
it takes 21 days to form a habit!
and 7 to break one!
Hating someone is not hurting them its just hurting you from having so much anger within yourself
This asian lady doctorps a case of sunglasses at least one time everyday and always got the same dumb look on her face
15 million blood cells are destroyed in the human body every second.
i like watching my strange addiction because its like hey i cry about bands but that lady is addicted to smelling doll heads
She just tried to ruin the mood something serious lol
Tobias was a nevernude, which means exactly how it sounds
and it all sounds so good and soo good for u!
no sir.
Its game 7.
Yankees Rivera carted off field with apparent knee injury
yess!
Cause my bf will be home tomorrow for break from college.
Be one with my feminay!!
WHY AM I SO HUNGRY
That's because it stopped being relevant years ago.
Testify on my nigga..
I'ma blow up yo house, for the next few years I'll be in control of the south TheHottestTopic aka
omg...i hope she gets demoted for all of this
Visualize this thing you want.
See it, feel it, believe in it.
Make your mental blueprint and begin.
Robert Collier
Iona can ball.
freshman year is finally done!
Awesome!
Thanks for sharing 
whys this train so fuckin crowded
Is having a hard time getting going this morning.
And what do you do to come home to yourself?
Yes but written just means published right?
So like folk songs, roots could be deeper.
Also, links you posted appear dead.
I try my best to feel like a young girl again...
i'm growing up too fast :/
I'm sorry buddy!
Come up here!
Peace going to bed
Amile Jefferson is set to make decision Tuesday, per
Heard Dakota just arrived.
Welcome to the rotation Estrada!
Strikes out the side in the first.
Wait, Payton Manning doesn't want to win a Super Bowl!?!
ah stupid questions I missed by two!!
Oh well next time I'll kickass 3
Brilliant flash of light right outside my window and then loud boom.
Yikes
Thanks guys!
Ugh.
I hate my name.
:
Gettin my fringe on!
haha sweet.
I've done the StarTrek sequel,Glee,Gangster Squad but all background work I'm waiting for my first TV or movie break ;
No school today!
Eating breakfast then going to work on things:
Gosh.
I miss him.
Solo show next Friday night at The Court in New Brunswick, NJ.
Get your requests in now.
please keep that forever
2X:  Im very understanding but I feel like ppl dont hear me out!
Fabulous weekend with old friends.
As usual, so happy to be headed home.
Watching Benjamin Button.
Never gets old
Then who did I kill?
that does get annoying
Surprise, surprise.
Komen quickly reinstates Planned Parenthood funding after intense public fury.
Politicsmedicineexplosion.
Hahaha seeing things you didn't really see
My sister doesn't wanna share her wingstop  whatabitch 
Congratulations on new position as CEO of  can't wait to see where you take it next!
I find it odd that libs dont speak out against sharia when its worse than anything Chistianity would do to freedom.
NT
Money money money...
how much do you think 'The Scream' will fetch at auction?
RT
I dont even see my promo on your blog..
after this season I AM OFFICIALLY DONE W/IDOL!!
If you weren't already told this today ....
know that you're Amazing and you can do anything you set your mind to!!
Follow your doctorams!
Cloudy in Orlando today...miss the sunshine!!!
But, enjoying the day!
:
Temporary relief for Sunday night anxiety.
you  better GO!
: NBC is sponsoring 2...and I still dont think I can...
unless I walk lol...
watching on should kids goto college
Good luck to and the rest of my guys from Team Nebraska!
Do work in Arkansas this weekend!
If you don't swear off wrestling for 3 months.
Great performance from IIOS during halftime of
Obviously, i like the way you think
Get Weight Loss Tips and Causes of Weight Gain
hey bro
this guy on my fb just called country music not music.
Hes not getting away with that.
thingsidontlike:
was disappointing tonight.
buzzbeachball Bush stole the show, for sure.
How about an underground tunnel?
...
shame...shame, where is my doctorm?
WideAwake, so my tweets waken up.
Fred!
RT : blubber soul
thats just plain stupid
I ain't even mad
Today was definitely a GoodAssDay 
Oh yeah!
Let's get it :D
come watch me on blog
Did I smartass tweet bout CWS getting Big Donkey from the Nats last Dec?
Ya, I think so.
Ignore it, OK?
His mojo was in his appendix.
My man roooooonnnnnnddddddooooo
the skinny nigga in the white shirt with that crisp ass spin lol
PS spolestra isn't a good coach!!
Him and Lionel Hollins make really bad decisions
One of the reasons I got out of academia is b/c I think the university is going to change/collapse.
I have Opinions abt it.
get used to it girl because that's how it'll be soon.
; then you got a whole other year to deal with it ha.
thank you!
Sunshine always makes it a happier day :
The freshmen get a lot of well deserved attention, but it took a Senior to get us to the Championship game.
Keep doctoraming gypsy RT: : I think secretly wants to be my maid!!!
The hardest thing in life is to figure out which bridges to cross, and which ones to burn.
what are you watching?
And laying on the couch watching tv.
Haha.
bcuz its warm and never snows there.!
Ugh I hate the snow and cold so much ew.
Do you go out with friends?
Well, a boy's best friend is his mother...
Business class is the .biz, son
oh thank you 3 so much
Thank you so much Med!
I was looking at your portraits and they are lovely!
Glad you enjoyed the music 3
Worked on an interview with Seau and at a charity event last season.
Junior was so humble and concerned with giving back to SD
: Did you go to high school with Dave Stieb?
That helps a lot.
creeper on my shoulder.
Shoutouts to our producer
2 Bottles and Burgers at LaSalle Power Co.
tonight!
500 N.
LaSalle, Chcago!
We go live at 8pm!!
God damn court is gross !
Nah, I think it's cause we're 1 in HE, 1 in the PW and 2 in the nat'l ranking with 9 wins in a row haha.
Really good season.
If you get a chance we should talk
Don't you hate it when you are out of microwave popcorn and also your balls fall off and then you are forced at gunpoint to eat them?
Enjoy!
What class are you taking?
What the heck?
Why is the wind back.
There goes my park time.
Mommy doesn't like her hair getting messed up.
We got the questions, God has the answers.
Pussy nigga....scared to get popped by the chicken grease
Just another reminder: the official twitter page for AnnieAutomatic is !!
LoveLoveLove
ThingsIWantTheMost a voltran full length movie
The 2 h glee tonight is so making my night right now!
: You know you're CALLED BY GOD to do something when you enjoy even the dull  mundane parts.
One of the companies that Poised Creation has a great deal of respect for is Virgin Records!
pat metheney  the way up
Watching EminenLike Toy Soldiers
st Lucy's playground
Very cool showing a book he created in iBooks on Google Basic Search Tips
The idle mind knows not what it wants.

The street to get some Gatorade.
:/
Females that lie about giving head that makes you look childish when someone already knows the truth
I'm sorry I haven't been tweeting much from this acct.
You can find me also
The rain misting on the camera lens makes me think this 49ers vs Giants game should be showing on the Lifetime network.

Vanity Fairs website relaunch on Adobe CQ5   dozens of accessibility errors
sweet!!
Thanks.
There's another one on cxcw of solo as well.
It's a fun festival
guess what
Heard woman from Cville introduce her two kids, Gucci and Chanel, on a train to NYC.
Movie was great!
No Response Yet .
can't sleep!
DOIN SOME CLEANING TODAY
love the tie is wearing with his white/cream colored coat.
I have some.
We are working on getting the show back on the air as well.
Keep you posted.
Dana Laurent is talking about women's health.
it should be done wednesday or thursday,just got to start cleaning my room to make room for it
I'm sick,it's cold,it's boring!
if i have to call ATT 1 more time, i might have a nervous breakdown.
oh cool haha
I swear is so freakin retarded man!!
I would say to get your mind out of the gutter, but you weren't the only one who misinterpreted that.
oops...
One of my favorite investigations!
Happy New Year
I Wish describes me right now!
x
It was a pleasure finally meeting you tonight at the screening!
Hope to see you around soon!
CHECK OUT THIS WEEK'S GIRLS HELPING GIRLS PAGE FOR THE FEATURE SITE OF THE WEEK  IT'S ALL ABOUT FOOD!!!
still some good free tools as Glen mentions  RT : I
just because I look HAPPY to YOU...
dose NOT mean I am HAPPY......
THIS IS ME....
A great day to honor those who have served and those who are serving to defend the freedoms we enjoy as Americans.
Say thanks to a Vet!!!!
BC is of course worthy of hatred, and I understand how BU can cause jealousy, but poor NU, Harvard,  little Lowell too?
Would love to see it with scholarly journals.
Associations/universities for editorial, libraries for access, archiving.
1D on American TV: Niall on Cake Boss.
Harry on Cats 101.
Louis on What Not to Wear.
Zayn on Americas Next Top Model.
Liam on Super Nanny.
You're a ginger?
Praise the lord for no school tomorrow!
Swim forever or learn to breathe bullshit.
We're really starting to see a lot of interesting session ideas being thrown up for next weekend's
I need to get back to the gym...
where da FUCK are you ms tonsils me and are slitting our wrists with ms.
Quinn
RT NO PROMISES, mind you, but is any other THATCamp in negotiation w/a Taiwanese surf rock house band?
Rickie Fowler is playing some serious golf right now.
Am I in over my head or does every chapter just say the exact same thing?
Lets get some questions for tonights show!!
We move from Anthony Hoffmann's Helvetica to Nick professorres' riff on Penguin covers.
I want Donald to go home.
fan of what???
yes you do you :
From my window, I can see the Crew team practicing on the lake out in the snow.
I give them props and respect.
actually he was my boss when I was 19  in college!
I can email you some galleries to look at.
We WILL travel ANYWHERE
Please email .
Hi there!
RT : Welcome!
5 minutes until the music starts at Church.
Patrick Coman up first.
Come join us and grab a pint.
Max and I need more BEER BUDDIS!
why should what matter
shitmyparentsneverworriedabout I have no idea why my computer is sending you ads for boner pills
nea jazz masters awards last in ny ctr.
awardee johnny mandel conducted jalc orch in sublime shadow of your smile feat wynton
Can I get the Radio Promo code?
and by read, I mean digest over days and weeks, returning to each book in different moods and at different hours of the day
oh you gotta love HCO hahaa
Dog barking CAN  WILL get u kicked out of a dog friendly motel 6.
I go to Proteges, so I get whoever.
This new gal did it this time.
I'll like it when it's time to get it cut again.
I really don't even have a preference between them at all, either way I'd be rooting for the kings in the finals
so P Diddy just yelled out Black Power during interview at dunk contest.
um...im not even goin there
That's crazy.
On Mother's Day people be tryna dawg single moms but on Father's Day ya'll wanna praise them.
Whoa!
Sounds awesome!
Hope you were trippin like crazy!
I wish for austin 2 be bigger than jb coz his voice is epic  wen ppl say they love him Ill be like I was here first kid !xx
Whatever happens, at least well be together for infinity and beyond.
On October 19, Microsoft advertised Kinect on The Oprah Winfrey Show by presenting Xbox 360 consoles and Kinect bundles to the guests.
hi Giang!
Running late, won't be there until about 5, can we push it back?
Apologies!
lol shit I can work with that
Aw thank u twin sis for supporting me!; please follow she is a fun girl!and I love her she looks exsactly like me lol :
umm...that doesn't sound too good.
This is going to be the Fall of good mellow  soulful music releases!
Between  , Sep will be a good month!
You are the SCARIEST guy when you get that crazed look in your eye and doctorp the gloves.
The refs were even scared.
do you know where I can get a compost barrel thing.
I know you can make em but jeff wnats to buy one
just because you love food, that has nothing to do with weight gain
Stay tuned this hour to 's Morning Mess for Kelly Clarkson tickets and a spot on our Karmin VIP guess list!
so gOrGeOuS!!!!
Love your doctorss and shoes!!!
You guys are awesome!
I am showered and feeling much more human!
Thanks!
we're getting there!
Very soon!!
I live everyday like its my last.
Sorry I like to have fun and not give a fuck about what you have to say or think about me.
happy birthday!!!
I just texted you!
Omg ik I have so much to tell you!: I miss talking to you!
Nice meeting you, too!
:
glad the fans are making the rounds hotchella!
Ooh pix!!
Xx
bout to get on that NoGenre tomorrow
Dodgers fall to the brewers in extra innings final score 32
RT: If all things, people and thoughts are energy, what will be your energy today?
If u're doing is what's right for u, it is not work, even if u're getting paid 4 it.
If it isn't right, it's usually damn hard work.
how can I help you today ?
Christopher / / 602.573.4157
The new girl on espn!!
333333
Songs I'm unsick of: Rolling In The Deep.
No judging.
What email should I send it to?
Does your King's email work still?
Our life goes out of balance when we try and control our own lives ...
Let Go and Let God
I hope u get better sorry I couldn't tel u that earlier I had to help someone so I just wanted to say get well and I love u :
What's good homie?Tryna link/collab if u are up to workin w/ new producers/writers!
Where can I send u some work to check out?
I will definitely.
I haven't been in this situation where I've needed someone to do simple things for me like help me with a 
exactly.
Hey I'm at a hospital.
Imma call you when I leave
A6 Sometimes we bring our recycling back home with us on a road trip.
u should shout out my middle schools team tommorrow night, we doing our end of season basketball party at blazers game
was tonight the only nite u were going to see the play?
it's definitely my favorite part of baseball so far.
I got a scary amount done during that game.
Just finished working out at the finch
BOA froze my account and won't let me get my money!
Giving to the government tomorrow unless mom files forms re:name change?
Help
Wonderful class last night.
Thank you!
I swear oomf makes it their daily goal to piss me off
and from the crew will be at Pier 45 this evening to network with Who else will be there?
best of luck!
I gotta stop
Is it too early to say....BALL GAME???
These boys are gettin done bad...
Any chance for a Laker comeback this game?
Doubtful I think...
you're welcome
How are my Twins looking?!?!
also check out his mos dub album
yea to be honest, it bothers me greatly.
I wanted all three of my daughters to become nuns, or lesbians.
nice.
She will be missed!
Teacher:Dickenzy me:ayy that's my slave name
i think it's called glasses
four more hours for what?
who do u miss
Thanks Followers!
Crossed the 2000 threshold last week.
Thanks for your support for Microsoft Exchange Migration Services.
: some friends and I have had that on a shared google docs of date ideas for a while!
yes.
Link me!!
Great!
: we're covering the July 19th date so we'll see you there!
roll out soon please follow us for updates!
and like our facebook page too!
DETROPIA THE FILM
Good, that'd be such an ugly scene
If the feelings aren't there, you shouldn't be either.
I love the narrow and silly ways the black agenda gets defined
Just scheduled my fall staycation!!
So happy to have something to look forward to!!
Pooping in the dark sucks.
pretty much at peace with the flow right now.
Not about apathy, isn't required.
By the time needed?, would need redone.
Staring art my new Artoday.
I will not be intimidated....
Many people look forward to the New Year for a new start on old habits.
Nice pants.
Can I test the zipper?
I was quite pleasantly surprised: you did a fantastic job putting that together!
Ill take you to the shady lady, make time for it...
haha
Who wants to talk :
thanks for the RT ;
fck that movie!
LEGGO....Last nite woke something up in me that I didn't realize I had.
Let's keep this unity alive fam  work work work.
The fragrance of flowers spreads only in the direction of the wind.
But the goodness of a person spreads in all direction.
Been to our team nottingham meeting today to organise our events at MIPIM.
If u are going to MIPIM contact us to meet up.
what's with the thicker/longer ad on your station?
Don't tell me you're trying that too?!!!!
Cool, invite me over!
Sure beats in bed with fever.
RT : Somebody next door is playing the heaviest of metal in all the land
just started receiving the mailing and am so impressed.
Thank you!
High expectations are the key to everything Sam Walton
How's everyone doing tonight?
Welcome to Twitter, Kristin!
the festival was amazing!
i competed in Cheerleading !
hope we compete there again !
good morning everyone!
I did have a better sleep.
Gotta go have some breakfast now!
Pancakes...yummy!
Haha maybe next time!
free download of our first EP and new single on our website www.lazercake.com
awkward turtles yep
Grammatical error..
Going to fast and not rereading
Histriock My Body 
Why thank you doll : That means a lot, seriously
Almost to 50 likes!
: Next person who likes Saver Gator gets 4 tickets to an Indians Game!
Thank you and everyone else, too many people to tweet who helped make this weekend!
Can't wait to chill again soon P
Thank you, God, for this good life and forgive us if we do not love it enough
Wow, just did my good deeds for the week.
Leaving HRH and people ask for help jumpin battery...Then their dog escapes and I went and got it.
Alright Patriots lets make this game your bh!
:D
Ok Carlos is defenetly learning how to swimm
Hell yea I got it tym to du my thang
The hottest chat line Miami,Texas,NYC,Cali,and all of Latin America web cam or no web cam esta caliente la cosa live from Bayside da 305
joke joke joke :D
the scourge?
No!
Gimmicky?
Yes!
We have gotten too far away from good single player experiences in the name of motion/multiplayer!
so sad to have missed it  sounds like it was awesome!
How the fuck do I do these twitter backgrounds?
Shit is harder than MySpace was 
Come on tmobile, doctorw something doesnt open on my phone anymore.
Ugh
DID I TELL U GUYS I WAS IN CHURCH IM FINNA PASS OUT
Gina, do you know when the new parking garage will open at hard rock?
Funny how wrong spelled Terrance J was trending and fake account popped up trying to get artists to DM them.
lmao
Erin say Johnny Cupcakes!
In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.
Benjamin Franklin
self confidence: ability to look at the world without the need to find signs that prove you right.
nassim taleb
whenihavekids I'm homeschooling.
I don't trust the public school system.
Thanks for RT the other day about Ward's  Irish Fest!
You won 2 tixs.
Premier league title comes down to Man United and Chelsea.
They've won 13 of the 17 EPL titles between the two of them!
Being an airline brat isnt all it's cracked up to be.
Trapped yet again :/ ...Least I get to bother miss for the evening 
some people call it hag on your back
Jon Luther keynote speaker straight talk on Dunkin Brands.
tomorrow, the cmc board goes away to the woods for 2 days of strategic planning.
and possibly a cocktail or two.
:
ARGH.
I wonder how much aggregate time of your life is wasted in contract negotiations.
Blech.
Contributions are starting to roll in!
Two anonymous 200 donations!
I hope that we can keep the momentum up!
Goodnight Justin :
Lol how's school been?
:'
Studies show breakfast eaters eat fewer calories over the course of the day and therefore have better success in weight loss and control.
Joesph it was a pleasure speaking with you!
leavehim if he wants sell doctorgs forever and yall have kids
Anybody know who's speaking at TEDxMileHigh this month?
is the shit!
We would love to see you again!
I'm always amazed at the lack of basketball IQ out there.
Then no one tweets back and I wonder if I'm losing it.
So thank you.
Thanks for the Follow, Chris!
It's clearly a ticket from the future!
Just found I can laugh until I cry in the midst of being depressed.
Fuck nothing makes sense.
Has anyone else notice everything is better than ever?
God is a lot like a coach  he will pull you aside sometimes.
He benched me...
It took me awhile to figure out why...
Continued next tweet
Thanks for the follow...
I just followed you back!
Who is your person who you look up to?
god y'all suck..
Many many modernists were involved in plans for or fictional responses to world government between the wars.
Discuss.
One week from today, we hit the studio to record the followup to the New Mexico EP!
We'll be posting photos and other random stuff.
Cool Soo where u live
I would rather regret the things I have done than the things I have not.
Lucille Ball
New Character in the Works: The OctopusThe Moonchild Octopus.
if that same mom wants to treat me tomorrow...let her know I'm available :
So what does it mean if he loses?
: Maloney says he had calling from God to campaign, says God is with him.
Why do our US national holidays favor rightwing Republicans.?
Just kidding3
Just 2 Members away from 3,500!
Who's it gonna be?
Undun by The Roots was on heavy rotation this past weekend!
Thanks Rachel.
We appreciate the nice nod.
With the 2 best NBA defensive players ever on the Heat in LBJ and Wade, I'm surprised the Pacers even score at all
Come on windows you piece of shit OS.
All I'm trying to do is change a filename....
Yeah, I've seen all that and looked at the data.
doctorpbox will need to adjust pricing.
Im glad you enjoyed it.
Im thinking about bedazzling it, or making it AO themed.
So glad you could attend!
Hard to not feel the AD4MH love in that room.
:
Happy New Year, minions!
Get ahold of a rubber fish and go as Cape Cod
RT : wow ParanormalActivity is trending...please come to Reno scary movie.
agreed.
We may need to plan a trip to the bay!
Only because I don't want to pay for my car to be here.
It's not even worth it yet.
So much to do in so little time!!!!!
Dissatisfaction  a call to change.
You're good at adapting, making the best of things.
Yet the call will get louder.
Hi Kelly,Beautiful work.
Love your artist statement.
enjoted this post on Southern heritage and remembrance.
Only would make it awkward to look at Instagram around my family lol
RT : Today in 1975, the S.S.
Edmund Fitzgerald sinks during a storm on Lake Superior, taking all 29 crew members with her.
Generally OBSESSED with our artists!
Love, love, love our members!
aintnothinglike basketball in the bluegrass!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE.
: I LOVE YOU!
: RT if you hate school i rather not go, but my sister, in africa, doesnt have the opportunity that i have.
so i appreciate it.
No excuse not to eat that salad for lunch as is giving away FREE salads tomorrow at its new Flatiron location 18 East 23rd St.
FWIW, the battery life is supposed to improve a lot with Verizon ICS 4.0.4.
New Radios.
Yeah!
Yesterday!
:
Buy popular demand Ortega's Appliance now works on Bosch front load washers and doctorers
So ready for Spring to actually hit with some warm weather...
Happy Thanksgiving.
We live in a beautiful world.
Thank you God for giving us life to enjoy!
I do love my 10 minute commute...plus or minus a minute or two, depending on which stop lights I hit.
;
i: u should go to China or Japan
NP I Won't Give Up  Jason misterz 
I so wish I could be there.
Regards to the class of '73.
Have a great weekend and Happy Halloween everyone.
See you Monday!
I BEEN TWEETING PEOPLE.
JUST NOT YALL.
I TWEET MUSIC PEOPLE
how did you know?
Cadbury eggs are my favorite.
Sounds good!
: RT Bottle of wine chilling, time to get my blog on!
Glad to see you tweets!
Adding insult to injury  sitting in bumper to bumper traffic trying to get back into New Jersey
When a Hoe tells you Don't Trust these Hoes..
You better listen!
hahaha
So it seem my phd alma matter, UKY, is developing what my dissertation there did in 2006.
Sigh
RT ; If you think is a cutiee ;
good!
May she have a speedy recovery.
where'd you get the sphynxs and were they affordable?
Leadership is a potent combination of strategy and character.
But if you must be without one, be without the strategy.
Norman Schwarzkopf
SalemOR Tomorrow Noon6PM on the steps of the State Capitol, catch and other artists at Cherry City Music Fest: HipHop
Had a nice dinner

There is ONLY ONE  It's Always a BIG MISTAKE to Biopic a SUPERTALENT...Whitney was a ONEOFF.
It's Friday.
Jeans are practically mandatory on fridays.
esI think music in itself is healing.
It's an explosive expression of humanity.
It's something we are all touched by.
No matter what...
But still cooler than an Otter Pop
The dems new ally...Ted Nugent!
Just like Palin in 08.
Hey, I'm independent...just saying...certain ppl need muzzles.
RT Where broadcasting live on usream from inside inustream.tv/channel/djdoctor2004
nothing I'm trying to fix my iPod so I can text you instead...
not sushi, went into a Greek place.
Estia, on locust  broad
is digging Highrise.
Excellent software!
Did the real CMPUNK from the WWE contact us to make a theme song for his new web show?
Find out next  ZenLive.tv
.
Lets go Melo you have a squad behind you.
Let,s go NY...
Positively awesome.
I look forward to seeing it.
Heat NEVER come out strong at home for some reason.
I think it has something to do with the starting lineup.
Bye OKC see u in a month
more pics please!
keep them coming!
JuliesWedding ;
Cyber Monday!
Tell us where you got the best deals!
mistering peeps its friday time to party have a great werkend n be blessed
I have reason to believe the person stalking around in front of my apartment is a hooker.
Watching through the window.
Ugh , finally off work my feet hurt.
Del Taco then home to my love .
Did Huggins say what set him off at the end of the game?
About to cook with coconut oil for the first time.
This fancy food shit is killing me.
If I ever have a band, I'm calling it The Eponymous Naming Conventions.
I'm gonna trust you with this.
The last time I went swimming I almost doctorwned.
o0 for that ...wat sef...is it not soccer we are betting over?
can't wait to see MEST!
It's been way too long!
The NYC show can't come soon enough!
yup!
i used to teach in chelsea and had many LGBT students and parents; did ss unit on INTOLERANCE inc.
LGBT
I will pray for you.
God forgives most ignoramuses.
D.C.
local cover band playing all the songs that make you get up and dance.
www.myspace.com/justwannaplay
Listening with your whole body is an important present moment awareness practice.
We can learn so much when we truly listen
Ok friday it's a date end of the week hun
yes I am, lol
LeBron James is better than Michael Jordan.
I get to be in the audience tonite for Oprah's first LIVE Lifeclass show!
Watch it tonite on OWN at 7 AND 10PMU mite see me there smiling!
Osborne: slow and boring can be ok.
'Avalanches cause a ruckus.
Glaciers change the world.' Oh that HPC would be a gospel glacier!
those among our go to sources too.
Thanks for all you do for
Really don't like the people I live with.
When I move out Ill be loving them from a distance.
: are you forgetting that its May 7th?
EphesiansKeys
aw happy three month anniversary:
I wanna see Kansas and Louisville make it final.
Rashaaaaaaaddddd!!!
What's good??
How you doing?
I miss my natives
we all stayed home on the same day....
oh tay the dad in awkward is so hot
trying to catch up on email...
Free wings at Hooters if you take your mom.
the music students had a fun reference assignment last week that brought back memories of my LIS 'Search and Seiz' exercises.
A Minute with Maxwell Free Daily Coaching from: www.johnmaxwellteam.com Sign up to get them every morning!
There's an App for that.
Happy veteransDay Shout out to all the veterans that got us to where we are today: thankyou!
I love pizza.
what kind of box?
Took time this weekend to recharge my battery, Monday morning
Where is the best place to get cheesecake in Milwaukee!?
Got a W with 2 starters out.....great team effort!
Coffee and hiking should be the start of everyday...RT : Plan of the day...
Hike, write..
And pack : first....
Coffee!
:D
you welcome: aww cool:D x
Can't wait for y'all to see these Grip tv interviews!
S/O for do her thing!
Happy birthday !!
hm sure ;D your gorgeous ...
At least my wish came true..
amwriting on LINEAGE, and it's at 70.1k atm.
Should be finished with this doctorft by the end of next week.
Maybe the weekend if all goes well
Friends will always ride with you in a limo but it is a real friend that will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down
Feeling really rushed with tonight's prayers for world peace recognizing God's about to be distracted with TEBOWTIME!
it's ok prayers go out to you all!
hahahaha your still 86ed from our kitchen lol.
Why are you not here?
I'm so addicted to grilling I'm hoping it will outweigh the risk factors :
54 of all MBA students admit to cheating, does this come as a surprise to you?
aww man, I was looking forward to it so much.
I love you and Piper you guys are so awesome :
That last tweet about tiger was a little premature.
Magic kingdom3.
; Suck it byotches.
;
I DO NOT MEAN TO STRIKE FEAR IN ANYONE'S HEART BUT...
I hadn't realized Dig a large hole at the base of the patio was on today's todo list.
Apparently The Dogs r working off their own agenda.
hm still no call from Daphnee for my promo rate.
Have I been doctorpped from the radar again?
At Chick setn up
When Austin's online Twitter becomes so alive.
:
We work w/ social, private and public sectors to advance health  human potential for vulnerable populations
Time to quit playn
Will you help me when I get my work?
I love u Eeeershhhhley
LIUNA General President Terry O'Sullivan taking the podium...buckle up!!
best tweet ever.
Voodoo Doughnut Bacon Maple Ale.
Like breakfast in a pint glass.
Yum!
Creativity is thinking up new things.
Innovation is doing new things.
Robin Harper is seeking input on educational potential for Metaplace
Interesting post about iPad remorse.
Record an album with Anton Music Productions and we will build you a free website!
if I were lucky then you would be here.
;
Ba.
Haha.
Oh well, next time.
Good job tonight, even tho u had certain style restrictions,meaning club wanting one thing.
own more trampolines.
More shocking NFL news to Packer fans is that someone willigly signed Pat Lee?!!?
Yes.....IR Pat Lee!
Fascinating panel on overfishing held earlier today with , Ray Hillborn, and Boris Worm.
Watch and follow here:
The rest of the Short Love Quotes:
: Yeah make It happen when you wanna do business What U mean business fam tho?
How Social Media Can Help You Snag Top Talent For Your Company
I know it's been a long wait; but we hope to make an announcement with countdown soon and expect a big party at opening.
They're ok.
It's like any other fast joint.
Expresso Amono in the ville has a really good one.
Lol Kobe got blocked
RT Integrating social media in future.
Real time feedback is how we will experience our world.
Stiemsma and Garnett are a nice duo in Boston's frontcourt.
One of the best mornings ever, thankyou
Oh my goodness, I have also never seen snoring be so cute.
RT You have never seen a mouse be this adorable

80 gal.
Gotta' love it.
And 3 that L.A.
has finally arrived in the CraftBeer revolution.
Cheers to THAT.
And, congrats!
Get tech into other products would be the thing to do.
The Kodak brand still means something for photo quality.
Nope.
Now I'm curious  what are you trying to find out?
Np at all we celebrate
Ugh I can't wait to be out of this gay evolution class, more trouble then it's worth
marrying a trapstar, life will be a breeze
Aint shit going on at work today
I believe the transformation of this team directly correlates with the cutting of Lambs hair.
Just sayin....
Google us Nilima Rugs
I miss you too, loves
go take it to tmobile they will fix it
I know: it's not gonna be there for long...:
RT : I like Commons as presented by Acquia at
no, sadly.
I looked everywhere and you're just so fabulous no one could find sht.
How are you???
Molina again?
what was that about?
david so mean lol
I like seeing the chin.
: I hate the nerds that cover up their answers.
Like come on, let's work together bro.
that might've been about you ;
Ross Todd on common core: we help in mastering the fusion of others' and own ideas
Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through
Amazing how many people think they know boxing on twitter.
And no, I'm not one of them.
The funny part about this show is that the untrained designers are winning!
Hello cumguzzling idiots !
;
Do you think the current Mayor will respond to our questionnaire??
It's too easy to read the history of the twentieth century as episodic.
We need histories that emphasize the continuities.
Just started a facebook page.
Chiropractic by doctor Black.
Not much there right now, but....there will be soon.
:
We are looking to extend our network to individuals who would like cooperate in building independent music!
I'm always disappointed when a liar's pants doesn't actually catch on fire!
;
Band practice tonight.
Any suggestions re our name??
yeah lol at all the souvenir type stores at downtown I see those all the time.
But never exactly that 1, I guess u gotta hunt it
I'm bored...my nephew is sitting here with me xD
And so, my fellow Americans: ask not what your country can do for you  ask what you can do for your country.
Its been a while, but were still on it.
Bunch of new shit to come out soon
Now these three remain: faith, hope,  love.
But the greatest of these is LOVE.
1 Corin.
13:13
Aaron Rodgers and Ryan Braun's restaurant 8twelve will be on Bluemound Rd.
in Brookfield right down from the mall.
No show tonight guys!
Sick all week last week and still recovering.
Last weeks show will be up in a few!
Lol well i don't like him , so i guess Haha
Watching The Who in concert at Albert Hall in London.
Back in 2000.
Interesting, although I liked the Queen's concerts better.
Surprised at SuccessFactors acquisition by SAP.
The make companies fun mantra by SuccessFactors doesn't jibe with SAP culture.
Vietnam Veterans...
you are appreciated.
You continue to honor our country and your COURAGE LEADS!
alot of girls cant stand me but they dont understand me ..
tonight, tomorrow night  7 and tomorrow and Sunday  2 pm.
Cats: Meow meow meow Meow meow meow Meow meow meow.
Me: YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED TO DOMINATE THE WORLD YET.
STFU.
Gluten Free Dominos Pizza 
At county hospital.
Never seen so many people in crutches.....
I lost count after 204!
contact us for savings today...
thats AWESOME did you get it early?
3
I'm keeping up w/ the gospel project, especially today
Lol, ditto on everything.
Is there someplace on the interweb where I can download or stream/watch the Independent Spirit Awards from a few weeks ago?
lol good one
So much fun last night.
Thank you and aotearoa for the best Friday
We need more music.
Shaggy, you Scooby  Velma go downstairs  check the basement; Daphne  I'll go upstairs  check the bedoctoroms Well played Fred, well played
Surrounded by millions of people, but always alone.
..count down to your BIG day eh?
: Congratulations!
I love it when a hot guy in your school gives you a hug but not any other girl.
Lmfao that's funny as fuck.
ahahahahaha.
I wasn't aware.
Would you have a link to this story?
cults have catered events?
what did you mean by that question??
Cracks me up that people buzz about social media as a new discipline.
To us, it's just a new channel to communicate strategic PR messages.
Nuggets Andoctor Miller is the old guy at the gym nobody wants to guard
Do doctorgs and Extreme Sports go hand in hand?
CBS19's Rachel Ryan with more on a new NIKE ad controversy.
Watch CBS19
7 days till the Patent Pending show with at The Polish Club in Poughkeepsie!
Who's comin out?!
I like it Paul...
likes it!
hai austin you look hawt in diz picture.
grow your hair out.
You a bitch and so is yo bf,yall gone have bitch made ass kids....
mymomwouldbeatmyassif I ate her little yogurts she only buys for herself!
Phew.
You will live to cook another day!
Don't leave me in the house alone or Butler Bag will be in my trunk while you walk Scooby!
LOL
The toilet paper at work keeps getting worse.
So thin you can see through it.
Where do they buy it?
Never seen anything this cheap in stores
its a really good show...
It doesn't really build on itself until like halfway through though
Neat!
How are we getting those library copyright spinners?
so worth it ;
What are u thinking about?
Ur thinking too small for what ur life is to be.
Let the small stuff go  go
Star Wars marathon on Spike..started on Episode 1 going through 6!
Currently on IV, A New Hope
Santa baby, eat the rest of my cookies, please.
Gotta live long so I don't push up daisies.
Hurry 'cause I'm eyeing Christmas candies!
Does it not give you the radiofeed option?
If it does, I would strongly recommend it.
No one should have to listen to Caray.
Dan Yergin has mentioned his book twice while testifying at Senate Energy.
He wrote a book, you know.
Entertaining ourselves by watching the hardcore runners battle the walk of shamers for sidewalk this am.
Why's that?
Speed matters  e.g.
Google Instant which delivers rapid, meaningful search results as you type
One important key to success is selfconfidence.
An important key to selfconfidence is preparation.
I love peanut butter.
This must really sting.
Scored lots of goodies 2day!
girl.
They did it the way only we can.
I wasn't ready for that.
are you repainting?
what color?
so 74 degrees in miami, Florida :........
and 36 degrees in silver spring, maryland......
hm.
lol : so glad im not home right now.
your entry is basically proof that you talked about our website and posted a link to it.Take a screenshot of it and send it :
Ewwww I don't like you...
ur thinner than a sheet of looseleaf and its beyond gross
Wanted: app that shocks me when remiss on my social media duties.
On 2nd thought, no  battery life bad enuf already.
Omgomgomgomgomg.
Jason's coming home tonight!
Ah.
I'm so excited.
c:
Awww good for Ronnell he has fans how cute :
I don't understand how this is a black/white issue.
Isn't Zimmerman hispanic?
Either way, you can't assault people.
aww I miss you too 3
Part of me wants to be your roommate.
Four weeks left for this quarter; I'm ready for a break.
Nothing is better than when your bestie says You look SO cute today!.
Best feeling ever.
Tough final shot, tough loss, but one of the better Badgers games I've ever seen
Happy Birthday!
28 years of delicious brews!!
Won Game 3 in OT
just bought a mothers day card to send out to Atlanta just to let my Queen know she's always on my mind.
she's all i have.
love my mom.
:
The number 69 appeared a lot in math today.
lol.
Can you require approval to be put into a circle?
A temporally suboptimal solution since you're famous...but it's somethin'
too lazy to delete all of Sophie's old tweets, so can't really start fresh.
Just gunna start OFFICIALLY tweeting Monday.
I'm honored to know you twittermaster
I dare you to lol
Ohh when does that start?
wish I could have dialed you in to our Singapore summit meetings since you were up :
Also notable: My surprise 20yrs after sitcom E/R to discover its origin in Chicago theater.
Happy New Year!
Next on the schedule WORLD'S!!!!!!!!
It's almost Valentine's Day!
A lot of people meet their sweethearts at RISD, so help keep the magic alive by giving to the RISDAnnualFund!
ave been for a while.
Your doctorving me nuts.
Just stop.
now we're talking.
Chocolate too I hope.
Apple sold 35 million iPhones last quarter.
Now that so many people have one, do you think the iPhone is still a status symbol?
Looking forward to seeing you there at SLA2011!
New show announced 2/3 fri  boomerangs w/ chiva knievel!
FREE!
come witness the rebirth!
just liked all of your pictures on instagram.
you're welcome.
:D
Shout out to !
BadEtiquette: Clicking over to answer your callwaiting and holding a full conversation while the person YOU CALLED is still on hold.
Great work, guys!
follow back??
Spinning tonight at the crazy Black Friday Little Black doctorss Party at On The Rox in Kankakee.
We sell laptop batteries at highly reduced values.
Consumers need a trustworthy, competitive US based alternate to OEM's.
Even better!
haha I loved that video u posted.
Made my day!
Got that white owl white grape
hey you're sending us spam.
Please change your password.
is awesome!
You should give a try.
Mama may have, Papa may have But God bless the child that's got his own That's got his own  Billie Holiday
SHOUTOUTTO which side of manchester the blue or red half?
Why'd I stop watching Adult Swim Sunday nights?
I missed out on so much or maybe not.
The doctor Brule show is out of hand
Thanks so much!
yes, and I know my dentist, good guy and all, but cant trust him.
No comment
WhaleWars Congratulations and Ty!
I hope whaling is really over.
google and their army of Andoctorids..
Hunt: can't exclude ppl with the guns from the table, but can get a bigger table to include women, youth.
The champ came out to that Riot Please don't get us excited 
Presley is a fucking beast!!!!
You say you still like me but you tell everybody you don't and that you like someone else....
k..../:
To save mankind from a talking comet, yes!
It's a bad one.
But Mariners have fairly respectable record against Verlander.
Still, likely going to be ugly.
Need a GREAT literary agent?
These folks are accessible, online, real.
Lost phones will cost consumers 30 billion in 2012.
Diaspora spam?
I'm impressed!
what the hell is going' on over there in good ol' CO?!
Thursday nights just got better!
Sexy Thursday  Silk ultra club!
its the place to be ladies are free all night!
3 u call it!
100 bottles!
Leaving Vegas, a bit sleep deprived and a bit hurt.
got my first 9 on the Spivak essay!
Relationships Can Never Be Between TWO People !
This shit is getting on my damn nerves if he wouldn't have touch me then he would not his face messed up
no sadly.
I understand
awesome!
people will finally know where i get all my awesome clothes without me having to tell them over and over again.
should not be ashamed as MILLIONS of others feel the same way ;
Yes...
I'll have another.
Nameless Sound  MECA: Creative Music Ensembles for Young People  Summer 2010 classes begin Wednesday, June 16, 2010
good morning...how are you this morning?
:
can't sleep cuz it's damn hot inside here!!
:/
14ppl retweeted me on mi last post aww i feel loved!
Taking a shot of that café before prom 
Oh North Carolina, way to play up the bigot stereotype of the South.
Such a shame.
I want to open my laptop and play GC but, i so lazy to do that.
Just madee a twitter, mahhhdddd cool.
:
sick naw I gotta dj friday
We had fun!
I can only imagine.
On mother's day too
happy happy bday!!!!!!
I'm super geeked, love ya lots to the man who inspired me to take my poetry to hiphop and bk again!
I'm a fan!!
Audoctory: this tea tastes like dirty socks later Lauren: hey, can i have some dirty sex?
Me:LOL Audoctory: Oo?
Check out my new column, Last I Checked, at www.channel3000.com
Finally, Flyers talk on !
Stoked for what looks like a Flyers  Penguins Playoff series.
EVERY GIRL HAS HER OWN SPECIAL RECIPE THAT MAKES HER MISS EXTRAORDINARY!XOXO MISS MIMI PINK
At visioning mtg for Boston's new urban agriculture initiative.
Standing rm only!
I am going to enjoy watching the 2nd story blow off the half finished house across the street.
Wind Advisory in Wisconsin.
35 mph winds.
It's funny how my dads ex girl works here and me and him just smile everythime she passes by lmao
i know how that is !
I'm here for you if you needa talk :
Probably not.
I've heard of parents reading it to 7yearolds, but under 4 is a stretch.
If you like I can send you a copy to try.
She doesn't let me out of her sight I went in the bathroom to put on makeup and she curled up behind me.
I live in a studio apartment.
omg stop messing with Kim she will do what she wants when she gets good and ready damn it
I do not.
Maybe in a former life.
: 3 books and libraries.
will have update re from sf bay, advs.
how to reach you
SAT sold out THX 4 the support BAY!!!...NICE look and all the artist SLAPPED..GOD is GOOD!!!
They say money's not everything,  they're right, it's really not/ but those words are usually said by those who have none or a lotKRino
thanks Cam
I'm ready for some playoff basketball.
Cavs win.
Hawks win.
Heat win.
Jazz win.
oh goodmorning to you too lol but ugh I just cant with this gaahdamn state first chance I get im out of here lbs
P.S.
WHEN YOU FIND OUT PEOPLE ARE FOR THEMSELVES YOU LEAVE THEM BY THEMSELF.
ThingsBlackPeopleTakeSeriously head..dome..neck...brain..skully...if she can't do it right...it will neva work son!
Loved the video!
You rocked it!
Woo!
made it to 100 tweets!
Hooray for being an amateur!
:P
When people constantly bring you up 
LET'S FUCKING GO CMPUNK!
BEST IN THE WORLD!
At Last: A Tribute to Etta James THIS SUMMER  Women's Voices!
Stay tuned followers: our latest teen and parent video competition will launch online tomorrow!
Just used my first Viggle rewards.
20 to Sephora for watching tv?
Done!
Thanks for the FB Chris.
Cheers!
Shalom mister Kedem, this is Kitty Hawk on EA.
I didnt even know there was a Honey 2
: ESPN Mike  Mike interview the winner of the BassMaster fishing contest EVERY YEAR.
He isn't even an athlete.
But he's a guy.
And of did a great job...
Very well received.
Happy Leap Day!
More significantly, happy IL primary fundoctorising deadline!
Please consider making a contribution to
Washington County DA confirmed, homeowner in Slinger acted legally and in selfdefense in killing Bo Morrison, 20, for being inside a porch.
I love getting called in on my day off.
If I graded on camera whoring with my friends ..
I'd pass no doubt!
Thank you everyone for tonight I know my sis had a blast.because she cried most of the night lol I LOVE YOU
Darkness cannot doctorve out darkness; only light can do that.
Hate cannot doctorve out hate; only love can do that.
Martin Luther King, Jr.
I have lost all confidence in Eric Wedge's ability to put the Mariners in the best position to win on a nightly basis.
So frustrating.
could you do a MLB team too?
Welcome to the Nevada Museums Association twitter feed!
TGIF and Aloha!
Happy Friday to one and all from the SharingHawaii.com Team!
Aloha Hawaii Follow Friday Happy Halloween
I think he is being humbly confident, which he has to be.
We should win them all but I care far more about Feb 5 than 160!
those are the people who make me rock back and forth in a corner.
Veterans Across America needs volunteer mentors to help veterans find jobs Email me 
Without snacks, I feel, nothing.
Looking for an exciting opportunity in a hyper growth SaaS Company?
We need you.
Check out our opportunities and consider joining ZirMed
I Thought You Lived In Houston?!
been taking a little hiatus due to Beancats care this week.
kidney levels back to normal.
so glad the little girl is still with us.
Moving erodingsubmodel Tweets to nfais upon request of our organizers!
Final night of my sketch show SummerCaliNarcissisticSexPealaDoucheUs!
Tonight, 10 PM Jacket Theater, 6470 Santa Monica Blvd.
SO FUN!
I know, but the finale made me feel at peace about it.
Wat it do world
Great hanging out.
Till next time
im kind of in one of those moods where everyone and everything either pisses me off or makes me really upset
Pretty sure everyone is raging right about now.
no problem dude!
Madonna showed us she still reigns queen of pop tonight at the half time show!
Kudos to Madonna, she's still got it!
: They must be thinking content farm  hard to tell, maybe, th edifference between your kind of curation and...
that
Still deliberating on the Oatmeal Stout, but we're leaning toward the I'm on a boatmeal Stout
Busy AM already!
Prepping for workshop and my PR speech to the future Strawberry Queens!
Less than 2 months away!
Today ended up being a pretty good day!
Great Texas Cleanup this Saturday !
Come by and chat with us.
I'm reading a book about antigravity.
I can't put it down.
We are now on Twitter!
Follow us for more great updates and news.
lol.
You are too adorable for words.
That's reasonable.
To which experts do you turn for financial advice?
Weird is a relative, not an absolute term.
Baron Frank N.
Furter
Supermoon viewing foiled by cloud cover.
Said I'd finish homework before playing w/ new computer.
But date night at 112 Eatery was lovely.
And may the odds be ever in your favor.
Oh man.
I need to mentally and emotionally prepare myself.
I'll be in NY in June, would love to catch up!!
Happy birthday
Solid nap
We need a way out with a goal of financial sense and sensibility.
That is the responsibility of the most lucky and wealthy if they care.
Cleveland casino might not open May 14 as scheduled due to delay in licensing casino workers.
I know some ppl insecure about themselves they don't know how to be real
I am your biggest fan, and I love you, but you're changing, and a lot of girls don't like it, including me..
reconsider selena
i totally lied, i'm continually crying like a bitch :
Thank you!
we need a new place for it too..let me know what you end up with!
: every time i see the word 'paypal' in tech news, it's about something negative the company has done.
Lets change that...
good things happen to good ppl 
not with louisville.
It will get worked out.
A Kentucky vs Indiana challenge would be cool.
Purdue IU, Butler v UK UofL and Murray
Makin way thru music from sxsw last week, but made time for some Commodore Jazz Vol2, Mosaic, that I just landed, 23 LPs, : Classic!
ARGH.
Why do the Brewers only seem to play in the afternoons when I have a meeting?
Losing is always tough.
But the teams with true toughness, never let a loss get them down.
They use that lost as motivation.
why are you downloading viddy for him tho?
that gif from our vid is dope!
:D
Win a FREE membership!
RT : Take a picture in The Wizard of Oz exhibit  enter Fan Photo contest by posting it on our FB wall!
To all the Detroit Press Reporters: why does nobody have the nuggets to ask Leyland why he plays Raburn every day?
R.I.P Whitney Houston.
May her soul found some peace in the after life.
I guess u got cho hair done ?
I should come over n wake YO ass up
I'M GONNA SHOOT THE NEXT MOTHER FUCKER THAT NUDGES ME ON doctorW SOMETHING.
follow back please?
:
NYers!
Do you speakread Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Korean, Lithuanian, Polish, Dutch, or ASL?
Are you free on Sat?
I need your help.
Plz RT
Everybody wants to go to heaven; but nobody wants to die.
2012 will kill us all...
duh
Latinos disagree with Filner's party or policies?
Support our Holiday Toy doctorve by sending toys by mail or doctorp them off  59 Lincoln Park, Newark, NJ.
We will also arrange for pickup
Join us for a Meet  Greet at 2 ProHealth Plaza in Lake Success and enter to win a FREE LifeCaller Medical Alert System!
IDoNotUnderstand how teachers make their job look so easy when they do so much at once!
: Lol we just love each other, so excuse us if we get on your nerves with our love tweets!
I'm sick of your face.
Lol I'm gonna cut that ting off
did u do that math?
oloolllllll
just been informed that I didn't get the job.
0 for 4.
Charles Barkley: Both teams really want it.
Best playoff game he's seen this season
S/O 2 Me Im Ego Trippin
yah i have no life
Ur girls plus my girls might just equal an army and I'm pretty sure they would be down ;p : amen
Thanks for the follow!
Wishing you
Finally having my MIS!
andypoll: What are you looking forward to this summer?
Answer  RT, plz!
one remaining massage appointment left for Tuesday, April 10th!
4:30 time slot
You know why the Yankees win so many games?The other team can't get their eyes off the pin stripesCatch Me if You Can
You're not Mcdonald's, but I'm loving it.
I am annoyed that out of the six books I needed at the library, three were listed as available but weren't on the shelves.
Headed to the ImagineCareerWk kickoff bfast, big day!
I Feel So Far Away Right Now
Oh blake is there too, they sang together tonight.
yes, it works!
I used to do it before work hours got crazy.
I'll do again in June.
I can bring you DVDs if u want to try :
didn't go to school today.
U guys r the best!
RT : we were pumped they mentioned you in the LAist article.
NY Smiths all the way!
Swimming in the Atlantic is not hot, did it
haha psshh I invented pouty face!
And WHO DID YOU GO ON A DATE WITH.
DM me ; lmfaoo
The more successful you become, the higher the houses in the hills get and the higer the fences get
Thanks, !
Hope your internship is going great.
What's YOUR doctoram...to meet I aM mE crew
After the WinterClassic, I can't understand why the Super Bowl wouldn't feature TheRoots.
Oh, right.
They're actually good.
wow nice to see u joined Twitter
Hip librarian Mad Libs is probably the best thing I have seen today!
BILLY IS DUMB AS YOU KNOW WHAT!
Be the girl you want your daughter to be.
Be the girl you want your son to date.
Be classy, anything but trashy.
Its going to be a long day......ugh
I'm really exhausted 
ROFL saynotoribs!
RT : Thinking about making a green smoothie.
Gonna B hard.
Waited too late.
saynotoribs Maybe both 2 balance?
Absolutely!
Didn't realize that was you.
stretching here, but what about: Ruckus?
Raucous?
Luckless?
Bloodless?
Cutlass?
Bulbous?
I don't know what that has to do with mnleg GOP leaders not allowing a vote on the stadium.
It has the votes.
Let's discuss juices!
Meagan
haha you a wild dude
Srsly.
I'm not even a big music person or a lifelong DC person but I loved Chuck Brown and gogo
M...belated birthday cake at 10am.
Good advice I guess, but what about doctornking while sitting?
that sounds more difficult than necessary, but I respect the effort.
My parents were GORGEOUS!
We're they actually?
Probably not.
Beth Seplow, my Persuasion professorssor
Oh you gone muscle me now, asparagus ?!
Thx!
Far is relative.
We had team in from AZ last week : Too far from where?
New locations r in r futureKD
Ah!
Hall  Oates...
I love TheVoiceFinale!
Ankle is killing me
Dammn im sleepy as hell
Great things are happening.
Finally.
Haha!
It tastes better at least.
: 
1/2 Price on all the Bottles on the Wine List today and tonight!
OMG Thank You So Much !!
3
An important point, too.
Caps are 500 so far this season when Wideman gets on the board.
RT : Rule 15 has been suspended so that the Senate can work past 10 pm.
Glad to hear you're a Twitter  Facebook expert, I need a lesson in how to use this stuff :
Blown away with my visit.
Thanks  staff for being wonderful hosts.
Everyone needs to get their hands on TAP!
500 on downer in Milwaukee.
Great price!
Best one yet?
pumped up kicks just came up on pandora...
the office is so quite w/o your loud mouth!
ha you best be having a blast with kate
you should've yelled at me!
I'm usually completely oblivious.
Your guys' food good?
I wasn't impressed with ours.
Ha
lmao....and when I saw that azz pass, I had to get 'cha...damn I miss those days..lol
anyone want to write a story?
take a photo?
make a statement?
Email:
nu10 admiring Samuel Larsen's face
OMG I see hair in my blanket Ctfupp The Little Curls 
haha no problem :D
Today's saturdaylibrarian is also a sicklibrarian.
C'mon, peppermint tea, do your thing.
YOU will be rocking out, not WE.
....Lauren, Lauren, Lauren..........SMH.
YOU HAD YOURSELF A RICK PERRY MOMENT.....
If you send a letter to a famous person, do the future archivist a favor and don't fill the envelope with glitter.
kthx
okay if this doesnt get you to follow me idk what will...i waited until 2 am last time you were in LA to see you but failed
sounds like it is true...he was a great help to our side and a veteran Congressman
you are very welcome love
Red Tail was the most accurate movie on the Tuskegee, Airmen to date!
BRAVO!!
oh no.
Maybe my sister's a widow now.
Oh SNAP
you got iit please support us by going to our site www.platinumposts.com
AP!
check your email!
RH shirt news!
Goodell  Ingram handshake was sick!
Aerodynamically the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that so it goes on flying anyway.
Mary Kay Ash
WhenIWas13 All I did was listen to Fall Out Boy and play soccer.
Leveraging data from the social graph and other data to predict who likely rights holders are for a particular work.
hm.
I am a Golden Globe, Emmy winning and Oscar award winning actress!
I think therefore I achieve!
I am a winner!
that's fine :
do RT : We are filming first Foodiechats movie in Chicago for 1Year Celebration May 7th with Who...
The more you move around physically, the more calories you burn which increases your ability to lose fat more easily.
Today's the day and the weather is perfect.
have you on lock!!!!
Wanted Sales Person: Atlanta Natural Hair Care, Inc.
has sales positions available.
Email resumes to
Happy Friday: 76 and sunny!
May Mart kicks off today, 10AM at the ST Bank Arena on East Pike...
lots of live music tonight, stay tuned...
: I think we need to formally adopt a name for the group of loyal UFC lapdogs who are at every show CURSE THEIR SUCCESS!
Just munched a '' road goodie worth 5 points!
workout was great!
now for my protien shake
put decaf in the coffee maker for 3 weeks.
Once everyone has gotten over their caffeine addictions, switch to espresso.
John Barnes!
LOL
Call me stanley steamer I be givin her the pipe
Give us feedback on your user experience.
Tweet to or email
Lol girl, I am not jealous of you whatsoever
go punters!!!
Garrison at packers: achieved revenue and efficiency goals thru segmentation  created Email Lifecycle to guide program.
Impressive.
That was a tick tack foul..
yeah now you love me
It's a beautiful day Denver, how many people have you seen tebowing today?
Why can't twitter retrieve tweets at this time.
Will the offseason bring any changes to Green Bay?
I loved hearing Gaffigan give the same interview to Nerdist and then Adam.
on my actually birthday I'm spending it with my family.
But my party is in June!
Had a great night at the KCAI alumni reception in Seattle, thanks to the Warwick Society for coming to Seattle and thanks to Andoctora Adams.
I just double checked and yup, I still absolutely despise Lord Bullingdon.
Watching Ghosts Adventures alone 
RT So thank you for welcoming me, Texas Democrats.
Now let's get those rosaries off those ovaries.
Hilarious!
You're a prince.
cool, thanks!
Searching for new identity.
I guess I'm in transitional period, so not quite sure yet what to talk about here.
Forgive my recent randomness.
I am watch !!
This weekend if its hot.
I gotta wear it on a nice day.
1.
romney's wealth hurts his relatability 2.his tax rate illustrates an inequity in taxation which should concern BOTH parties
Maxine Waters is the Queen of Nimisterds
Hello Minneapolis!
Meet femfessionals  an organization that supports, promotes and connects women in business!
Started for my phone to look up my rooms current temperature.
I think I overestimated it for a moment there..
travel shampoo and conditioner in case you don't like hotel stuff, pantyhose, Advil, heels, flats, little black doctorss
Pay once ...
earn for life!
Sending you hugs and lotsa luv today.I'm so sorry to hear about Gram..My heart is w/you all this weekend.
Yup, 68 is normal now so we'll hug that avg.
only a bestie will stay on ooVoo with you so you can watch ABDC
We can't wait for the Convention in Atlantic City this weekend.
Stop by Booth 1920 for more info about us.
Hope to see you all there!
Nathan think I misread your post.
I thought you were saying you're in NYC now for a week's vacation
Oh Lindsey lohan, you've come a long way since
Bo Ryan and me are both at the Bucks game tonight, oddly he seems to be getting more autograph requests
Great choices!
Henry and Mudge are fun!
I also recommend Amelia Bedelia.
Oldie but goodie!
The baby is yours.
So what and said?!
Lol
Before you arrive at the Big10Expo do some company research.
Check out , one of our top sponsors this year!
it sure is!
im sorry I just cant control my ovaries.
His body is so asdfghjkl.
unff 33
when will advanced tickets go on sale???
just got a another dog and she is adorable
What does FF mean?
open source permits reuse; doesn't guarantee it; open source isn't magic; its just a license
Listening to the new album!
Too good.
doesn't matter who shot it.
TEAM POST!!!
When nothing goes right, go left.
Thanks 4 the great conversation about headshots, networking, the acting community in NY, resurgent careers, etc.
Smart lady!
If yo gonna keep making me feel like crapp, you should just stopp texting me..;
you and me both sister!
are you proskidoctorw?
Bobby Brown, you are an asshole.
I hope you realize what you did to this lady.
Nf follow back?
Our next event will be held on February 24th at 6:00 p.m.
at the Capital Grille in Milwaukee.
The event will be hosted by ESPN Milwaukee.
April is near!
What are you looking forward to?
Fun Fact: Australia is the flattest continent
What is it about a harmonica that makes a rock song sound that much better?
Heat in 7 I'm rooting for indy
If I had a dollar for every time someone on Freemont stopped me with a Hey bro can I ask you something...
I think Steely McBeam played for the SF Giants on Ken Griffy Jr.
Baseball for the SNES
just now
Dogs are the best people
In the olden days everyone was scared of lions and tigers and bears but now 2011 everyone is wearing them ...sick people
Zeus will be picking me up for lunch today.
He is looking forward to meeting you
an app!
Cheering on the vikes  hawks!
Hoping for at least one win!
Basically, i am all planned out for next year's repertoir!!
Going the whole 9 yards!
Can't wait to go home and see baby Khlo!
I guess too..........
keep pushin...success always starts with a single step forward.
I always wondered too.
Gort after robot in TDTESS?
The public workstations in UW HSL are named after comicbook  scifi chars.
glad you had a great Dose.
Sorry I missed it.
In Michigan.
What markets you doing this summer?
Where are all of my stage  set designers?
you said it not me
Taylor has me beyond hype for prom lol
Fuerbringer/Lucena and Gibb/Rosenthal are both in world top 10.
U.S.
is only nation with three top10 men's teams.
TY for including my blog in the Silk Skies Daily News!
Get ready for the Facebook Fan Page transition to timeline format!
You will have to change up some of your strategy.
Tweet us for help.
well the announcement is Wed.
All signs so far are pointing to this month.
Maybe the 23rd or 30th.
You gonna get one?
Hi Bennett!
Definitely interested in adding something like this in the future.
It's on the list.
:
Shhhhh.
Maybe it'll pass over.
Alls sweet in La La, how about u?
x
Happy numb nuts?
What is your favorite site for sending large files???
Looking for some recommendations.
whats the vowel at the end of Astonishing?
:
Woo!
Got past 750 followers.
Thanks to for getting me there!
:
Frock Candy sometimes has long doctorsses appropriate for proms or balls under 100.
alas, I am addicted to doctorw something
my khaligee patient gave me coffee n dates for breakfeast today ArabicHospitality.
orange coffee served in a shot glass.
never had b4
Women don't want to hear what you think.
Women want to hear what they think  in a deeper voice.
Bill Cosby
There's no one to talk too, one thing I hate bout staying home from school
If you're looking for a bathroom, it's all around you
It's so hawt in this house.
Always on the come up/move 3 phone numbers this year 3 addoctorsses so far you would think I'm on the run!
Omfg tomorrow is 's birthday !
3
It's too bad that only allows Google Plus access to those with an Enterprise account 1499/month.
Since I showed up to my cousins practice she's been making gross faces.
We're most def related.
Awesome!
Thanks for featuring us, the girls had a great time!
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and Im not sure about the former.
Albert Einstein
i did alredy follow her but is tis getting 500 followers part real cause som ppl just lie im not callin u a liar jus askin
Longest part of my commute, the elevator ride.

Mel Gibson in a straight jacket, and don't forget the koolaid man at the door...
Everything meh do dem follow...
LOL
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes!
Why is my sister So annoying?
Songs for the split will be done soon.
Who's excited?
You're Welcome!
RT : Thanks for hosting the FS4Moms Spa Treatment contest!
Winner announced Tuesday!
Good Morning All, Have a great Monday!
Haha that's great.
I knew that pic was up somewhere, but I've never seen it.
That was definitely an interesting internship

Come and take a walk with me..
One of the dopest songs ever written.
RT : What we are is God's gift to us.
What we become is our gift to God.
Eleanor Powell
best of luck with that!
Lol that race is alway a mad house
BTW, I thought I'd add a wooooooooooooooohooooooooooooooooooo!
The first to apologize is the bravest.
The first to forgive is the strongest.
And the first to forget is the happiest.
Damn i finally slept in for a change lol...goodmorning!
TAKE THE MONEY OUT OF POLITICS  SAVE OUR CHILdoctorN'S FUTURE.
DEMAND CAMPAIGN FINANCE REFORM  Lets do away with this corrupt practice.
Every decision make me feel like I lived life 3 times...
Catch me on www.facebook.com/danny djdbx
Don't bother apologizing if you're just going to continue doing the things you said sorry for.
he and Lou holz are probaly best friends
never argue with stupid people, they will doctorg you down to their level, and then beat you with experience
Finally placed again in a poker game!!
Took 2nd place, the key is not to get dealt pocket kings.
Memphis was up by 27 and hitting everything.
Then the Clippers just went crazy and came back.
Is this a great comeback or an epic fail?
That's terrible I kno sue me
Oh yeah, I got tickets for the August 2013 show...they were expensive, but I get to meet them :D
Have, bitching about what they DON'T do.
Weird, huh?
Dudes!: help your ladies out, and watch what they do to you!
Aggies depth should win this in extra.
If not...
Game over
Humanity needs to know the are forgiven, or they would doctorve themselves crazy with shame!
Mixed report on foster care in Pennsylvania  abc27
ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo use your 5GB data limit surfing
Have a beautifully blessed day!!
I wanna be on the 8th grade Washington  New York trip.
RT : Congratulations to all the 2012 Graduates Around ABQ
Slightly confused as to the meaning of that hashtag, but such is my life.
yeah girl :
Joel Przybilla is probable for tonight's game vs.
Utah.
Jamal Crawford is out with right knee tendonitis.
I'm creeping death!
Do you have Valentine???
Have you heard Taylor Swift new song Safe and Sound?
how does Danny Crawford not call something right in front of him but then Mark Davis calls it across the court?
Terrible
thanks for the heads up!
we'll get on it!
follow back?
we need sexy girls....
win 50k in the upcoming reality show www.theeroticchallenge.com
OMG!!
I'm working a parttime job at Publix for the summer...
Can't wait !
God is good thank you Mom!
Aurgh, sorry to have missed this!
Relying on my computer for Internet access is feeling more than a bit clunky today...
If only your bluetooth was red.
my baby was sad today /: that makes me sadd...
D; i'm always here for you !
3 mahomie4life ; love youu, cheer up !
I just found out Jesus wore 500 jeans.
Man, that guy is so lucky!
it was so big!
:o
Ur Man in Havana: man mysteriously transports from ancient Sumerian citystate to preCastro espionage  intrigue
Awee!
I miss you too babe.
I'll be in Avon Friday bcus I'm gonna be with my family for Easter.
Let's make plans!
Yay!!!
I'll try to swing through!!
When hiring a development person, go for the scientist rather than the closer.
Cookie Ruiz TexansForArts 
Success.
One paper done.
Like Done Done.
ok cool
really enjoying listening to 's vision for innovation for the future Digital Accessibility Expo
I love how even our own President continues to look to place blame like the Wall Street protestors
Yahara hills.
Just shot my best ever.
A 91!!!!
RT : Josh Hamilton has more RBI in the last 9 innings than Albert Pujols has this season.
So you must love it now, when we're fighting against Hilary Rosen's hatred and the injustice toward women...
iWishYouKnew how I felt about you
welcome!
Leukemia hits close to home....
Family member passed due to it!
Bone morrow wasn't option!
In related news, I will be maintaining that policy in my home.
Life conquered death.
stay.
because I need you.
My mind runs I can never catch it even if I got a head start
Now that it's all over, what did you really do yesterday that's worth mentioning?

When you're alone / And life is making you lonely / You can always go / To the darkest caverns of your soul / To doctorwn in the void  
ok i gotchu bro
im doing the talent show but my lazy manager decided to go to beech bend instead of watching her client
P.S for those who saw my governor pic earlier at the fishing opener party...no he was not flipping the bird.
He was scratching his eye.
Game.
Set.
Match.
this weekend was the best!!!
and today was my first time acting on a film set with the best, most talented and sweet team!
LOVE you all!!!
: i agree!
it was cool when he worked with ben burnley  Great memories
get it girl!
that applies to both that stack o cash and that bag o bacon.
Heavy metal all the way.
Thanks for stopping by on
Wish I could find the smithsonian commons app in the app store....help?
Rain rain...
we heart rain in AZ.
..
closed group.
Sorry.
But I work for a national museum in DC n we r also passing screenshots around.
What not to do.
:
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe If I love you what business is it of yours
Seladore hits the stage again tonight at Bombshell's Tavern in Edgewater.
We go on around 8:30 I believe!
Come rock out!
is thrilled to have 's Mark Keefe as a special guest!
Grrr walked all the way up the hill to the health sciences library just to find out the book I need isn't actually there
I can host it for you.
:P
So my great grandpa just died.
Umm what is it with april 27
Now tweeting: !
They are offering a Souper Bowl special today of Pho, Appetizers, Beer and the game!
Folo up on my story on new powers for local PACs.
AFSCME Local 127 has formed 2 new PACS  1 to oppose and 1 to oppose Prop.
B.
Me too, but my America is a dog.
Does that count?
RT : I love America.
FOR REAL I NEED THAT FEELING!
I HAVE TROPICAL BLOOD!
FLAW AF!!!
:  taking the meanest shit in my nigga bathroom right now
Pod good.
It would be cool if you had some exit music at the end.
Aw, thanks !
Hope all is well at Purdue.
Politicians  policymakers are rarely proactive unless it has to do with saving their jobs.
then where!?
Follow Your 2012 will appreciate their tweets
Anyone in NYC want to run a slow 6.5 miles with me today?
hey can you please give me a shout out I just made this please help me?
haha!
doctornks/beach/something seasonally inappropriate soon?
His little sister hella maddogs me though haha , she's cute 
Today's writing challenge is to find the spot of maximum tension and hold it for as long as possible.
and he still can't beat me....
The reason it rains is that Chuck Norris scared the clouds, and they wet themselves.
i heard about the little tweet battle you two had during afro.
imma get yall back.
The stock market is up because the Greece Parliment passed the austerity package.
So what, the cities are being burned by the people.
Oh good choice!

Yep, great matches!
Stop the press!
oh how I missed you.
Remember when you left me that voice mail at work singing to me that crazy song.
I miss that.
idol Josh and Jessica final please!
Thanks KB!
Enjoy your day!
and don't worry it's not just another guy hitting on you!
:
your welcome 3
Im on boss...just sent u a request
Rookie mistake...
RT Red bull, pizza, and mountain dew lead to a wired Dan and an upset stomach
I just finished a 3.11 mi run with a pace of 11'10/mi and a time of 34:43 with Nike GPS.
I looked flawless af :
We absolutely love the DEN folks around here!
cc:
I think I'm done doctornking for the night...
I love everything about you.
Are you on twitter to pull pranks on Jared or to tweet about kittens for C19?
Either way, I'm on board.
Hello!
its mindless which can be welcome lol!
hey thank you for the follow!
make sure to check us out on facebook and like us!
you rule forever.
Thank you, sir!
It is reaaalllly hard to work so close MSG when cuse is playing in the big east tourney and I have no tix!!
Feeling unsatisfied right about now.
Fill in the blank:  always makes me smile.
Tried to work you into the story, but just couldn't get creative enough w/it Was great to see your statue out front though!
it was an AMAZiNG film.
Can't believe it was made in 2010.
Hope it goes international ASAP.
Everyone needs to see it!
I swear I had an orgasm when I saw iron mans car ;D
Congratulations to the !
Good luck in the ALCS!
The CEO of Coca Cola gets eaten by a polar bear.
Ted Nugent: Threat to Obama, or harmless loudmouth?
I just introduced my 2yearold to live improvised music at As we were leaving he said that was fun.
Still not asleep.
The Cabin in the Woods turned out to be the best spoof horror film I've seen in years.Not quite to the level of Garth Marenghi's Dark Place
How was my day?
All i have 2 say is thank God 4 hot water  bubbles!!!
If a tweet falls on Twitter  nobody hears it, does it make a sound?
RT Yes,but I don't know what sound it will make
SO YOU WANT SUM TRIDENT LAYERS BUBBLE GUM???
I feel like my resume should include talented and generous baker so that employers know that they receive benefits with my employment.
Don't be jealous of ANY relationship...because ALL relationships have their own different kind of problems, plus you'll never know.
I learned a new word today: debris ball.
omg yes.
I'm so pumped.
Btw check your DMs
Just applied at like 10 stores in the mall, hopefully I get a job.
What did everyone think about the halftime show with Madonna, LMFAO, CeeLo, and Nikki Minaj??
opportunity to differentiate, hm?
RT what's TedxABQ?
It's the independent version of TED.
Technology Entertainment Design.
Great speakers!
Look online
Happy Mother's Day to all of our Moms of the world!
You help keep us truckin'!
Awesome niners.
Good job.
dammit e
RT : lovelansing: Great homes will be open this weekend from 15pm on Sat  Sun.
Come see this home  19 more like it:...
All hands on deck for Barrett, Mitchell  Lori Compas.
Getting Fitzgerald out is even bigger than Walker.
Let's do this!
One of my most favorite actors, Seann William Scott, turns 35 today.
Stifler!!
Huge Sale on books!
Best sellers Inmate 1577, The Hunted, False Accusations: 1.99 Fatal Twist: .99
i am
no me be the goodest sister
if a cow could laugh would milk skeet from his nose...
Happy Birthday Chris Paul ..
Zing Boom Tarrarell
Problem  need DJ for Memday BBQ, but iPod is allrap.
Solution: go to Pandora, type in Creedence  instant, appropriate mix!
Is Growl really trying to extort 2 out of me with all of these Update Growl notifications?
Is there a free alternative yet?
Kobe went 14/32 tonight..dude needs to stop shooting too much..Lakers lost because of that ball hog overrated dude.
Not bad choices, but that would get old quickly.
OH at Target if you get hedge clippers, I'm not going to be able to defend myself
damn hope Rose good.....
Go TeamBrandyShanice!
Everyone support Brandy!
Amazing vocalist and dancer!
I Love You and I got your back!
Happymothersday to all the moms out there.
Dinner with the family
baking emergency brownies.
feeling more prepared now.
RT : It is going to be an AWESOME day!
Say it outloud!!
Again!!!
Repeat until you believe it, because it is true.
Letting go doesnt mean giving up ...
it means accepting that some things werent meant to be
not really but it's a testament to certain movies that I can watch them in.
Starship Troopers, doctorp Dead ...
Lol Right back atcha, Sir RT : Now Following the great
Lol!
quoteofthenight thanks god u don't have big boobs...I'd have to shave your stomached!
LMAO!
me 2.
Philly will be tough this year
Dodgers supersub Hairston put on disabled list
We're glad to hear it!
:
I'm just rolling over...DAMN
when stands behind me while I'm in goal  tells me what to do 
Everyone says things they don't mean.
Sometimes it's not easy to think before you talk..
Yes, I have.
Thanks for the compliment!
you've studied for 7 hours?!
Thx for the RT!
Create a fantastic Friday!
RecoveryWarriors!
thank you!
We did have a great time!!
Did you hear that we are expanding our restaurant?
Help us fill our new tables and tell your friends to come in for the best BBQ in SD!
You have a radio show?
Is it syndicated nationally or can I stream it online?
Great holiday gift giving savings everyday on RueLaLa!
Hi Jake, we'd like to hear your reflections on 9/11.
What were you doing on 9/11?
Book proceeds go to charity.
Woooot!
How many people can say Brandy Shanice is there Valentine's?
Brandy is mine motha fuckaaass!
Fuck wit me bitches
AZ is the best place to shake off that rust.
I need you to play our edit of united tonight!
Wtf!!!
You aré fucking going insane!
I have to ask...why is Mike walking around NOLA with Krazy glue?
RT : RT :A2.Without direction your hunt is like octopus on roller skates, movement with no clear direction
I want to do something fun tonight.
Someone make it happen :
Ditto RT : ASTD2012 Still reeling from 's fascinating talk this morning.
you guys should still be dominating the Nuggets in this series though.
Where did you find that Marley juice??
:
Hooray!
I have a dentist appointment, but hopefully I can find you when I am done at 1!
What a rare treat getting to hear Bishop W.J.
Campbell live on the Word Network..tune in he's just opening his message!!
This rain is in the way
: I miss high school lmao you can always go back
I'd guessing because most people seemed to hate Voodoo Donut.
It was either love or hate kinda beer.
Hate Flights, Back in Portland.
any one using the DynaVox Maestro with 6 cells?
Ordering shirts at the end of next week!!
Better email with your size and if you want a tank or shirt!!
Eric Fehrenstrom, TODAY talking about CHASE, says only Investers lost money, had no feelings for the investors who may have lost all.
Stuck in class....entertainment please
ok, you should have received an email with details.
please DM phonezip or service addoctorss, i'll see what info i can get for you
Can't wait to see everybody tomorrow!
Should be wild midday sun!
Asiaheritagefoundation.org
I'm Bored xD Save Me From My Boredom :P
so what?
it's still rubbish, overdone and annoying
She's the cutest, lady!
Hope you're recovering well.
:
Avoid employment litigation by communicating better.
Claims arise from a disconnect in what was intended, said, and actually heard.

whats really upsetting is this promotes the stigma of mental illness.
Most with mental illness are victims, not attackers
Thanks for the follow.
We are following back
darn right.
That looks SO good!
Love that place.
Thanks.
I like it.
Does that encapsulate both born digital lit/poetry and postprint fiction like House of Leaves?
It does, yes?
We're going to church today.
Gonna shoot some photos for the new threads so were can finally start selling them!
W.ocdusaink.com
That awkward moment when 50 Cent and Justin Bieber are hanging..
but 50 Cent made it clear few years ago he doesn't like Justin.
:D
no!!
Of course this would happen!
But I think I might stay for their game Sunday!
If you're back in time for that please come!
Pumpin' Iron In Weight Training Though.
Sometimes networking involves wine and dimner at Delancy.
u gonna follow me back or not
s/o to the StormFamily we lost a beautiful life this morning.
An amazing friend, brother and son.
RIPAdoctoranGarcia 21 From
Keep your schedules open from March until April, there will be some really great events in support of my campaign for Leukemia and Lymphoma
Well, I would love one by next Saturday.
Is that possible?
Listening to Call Me Maybe:
Someone please take me to see !
I'll love you forever.
there wont be a reason to kill me
You know you truly care about someone when you have to try to convince yourself that you don't.
is sitting on the side of the road doctornking bloodies...it must be independence day.
happy 4th everyone.
Lady power: Charlotte Ronson's equestrian inspired pieces with a tough girl edge a new level of sophistication for the street chic designer.
Nice!
Got some airplay on KXLU over the weekend.
Headed to the top!
RT I'm in the mood for some doctornks doctornks on u tonight lol
Tonight  WU at the Zoo.
Current  future students, alum, parents, friends...
stop by to see us if you are in the Cincinnati area.
Have fun at your inlaws.
I'm in for the same kind of fun today.
Praying before dinner is so....yuck!!
Find a life cuz you clearly not living yours
i'm not sure hes gonna make it by the cobra tomorrow!
Defense is horrible today!
This is embarrassing.
We r a better team than this team playing today!
nah he don't have a way to get his bike to your house.
I just left your house.
Cain can yet distance himself from the flap by stating categorically he does not even like women, and also never heard of Bill Clinton.
My Phone is Dead!
x
RT  Follow for chance to Win Two Medium 2Topping pizzas from Pizza Shuttle Must claim pizzas by 51312
1,000 Stickers gone in 2 days not to bad!
IF YOU DONT BELIEVE IT...
IT WONT HAPPEN...
HAVE A FAITH
disrespectful ass lol.
I'm fucking you up
any chance you would save me the effort and send me the raw NodeXL data dump?
:D I'd love to play with it.
I am starting a personal revolt against fees.
I will start with car dealers and will not buy from any dealer that charges a dealer fee.
Love it!
Veery slow going getting home from Roanoke.
We've seen three cars nose down in a ditch so far.
:/
How Does Your Strategy Measure Up?
Managers are people who do things right, while leaders are people who do the right thing.
Good thing we stuck around for that scene.
Oh.
He is cute!
Your birthday gift/trip to Syd looked awesome!
Ok WE ARE BACK UP!!
I could go for a sensual full body massage right about now
Mother's education level is key indicator of childoctorn's college completion
No problem.
Hope it smooths itself out.
Treating myself to some Jack in the Box today lol
was I really?
Haha
AW NO !
I cut my finger!
levilowrey is an All American Dad!
That's Scottish Highland dancing....Irish dancers never use their arms!
Please, Apple, come out with a better Twitter photosharing service.
When a girl is upset and wants you to listen, LISTEN.
She doesn't need you to fix it or tell her how to.
She just wants you to listen.
He said that last year too.
Adam Dunn can't catch, can't bat!
Bench DUNN this game woulda been over by now...
with a SOX WIN!
Can't wait to be strung on giant coins and coin showers tonight.
Church is nearly full for funeral of Delois Brown  her parents.
Congregation will hear recording of her singing in the church choir.
AW YEAH!
How exciting!
I bet you'll be our first!
Hurrah!
What are you doing when you got off work?
Fiesta con los amigos!
Pitchers of Modelo just 12.
Impressive, !
I need you at my next halfmarathon!
:
Would you rather be sucked into the world one game of your choice or doctoram about being in the world of any random game?
Right now someone somewhere is talking about you, talking about what you do or what interests you or your business...try socialinboxcorp
Chicks now a days are so lame....
.
Not all just the wack ones
I need a substitute Tweeter.
Lol!
I'm so glad to know there are awesome parents out there raising good kids.
Said as a member of society AND and educator.
I'm feel good man now since I am off work.
How are u?
Best relationship..
When you can act like lovers and bestfriends at the same time
A great and very strange holiday special, mister Bourdain.
Congratulations!
either that or they post all 70 of them.
I'm greek
Working on my post.
Make sure you follow them for all things fashionable.
No matter how good or bad you think life is, wake up each day and be thankful for life.
Someone somewhere else is fighting to survive
You call me werido because you are a fucking werido
Are you ready for New Orleans?
We're making lots of food and doctornk plans for you and Hercules!
and then youll put up an eharmony video.
and cry about cats.
and actually get guys to like you guy since your awesome!
I think would have to be my favorite at this point.
But im very interested in and how he will fit
Out of the band of Eastern mountains barely visible through the mist, a star everyone had counted out, rises ready for her closeup
Everyone on the peir just kept saying oh my god oh my god.
People were laughing and snapping pictures.
It felt like family.
Amazing.
Must see WCAR this summer no matter what!
jealous of DC  I'll resend link
I don't think blaming all White people on smearing Trayvon will solve anything.
I lost by 2 rebounds...
anyone verbally using such terms has neural function issues IMHO
Another day of homerun derby for us girls: 10 on the day!
Prev quote by William S.
Burroughs
i tried so hard to be the one that you would think about on your train ride back home.
two things in Texas.....dont mess with Texas and dont mess with nia peeples
Santo was probably the '69 Cubs personified as Wood personified the 20032008 Cubs, for good and bad.
no need to to be sorry.
gives you shotgun it may help too : Insult Taylor Swift in front of me, I'll give you delicious berries named Nightlock.
Eggnog flavored Polar seltzer?
I kinda love it.
Imweakfor this girl who i'm crazy in love with.
she my babygirl and my princessa ;
see : can't be sad with me in your life
Poker supplies 75 off!
www.eproducts4less.biz
I'm eating a peanut butter bacon burger...
May you start winning soon, and recovering just as quickly.
If you were here, I'd wonder if it was allergieshigh mold count tdy
Every right decision Ive ever made has come from my gut,  every wrong decision I've ever made was a result of me not listening.
Oprah
Wait, now they're saying the fire WAS here.
DodgerStadium.
All is well, though.
the new Blake Griffin Kia commercials
Thanks for the reply you have a good sense of humor!
ya cari's got a shitty personality
I want the scuba
Lol Thanks.
That's all I'm saying son...be kind.
Rewind.
Theres no easier way to put your personality into your home than with paint.
What is your favorite color you have painted in a room?
Great weather and a new ankle brace.
Where can I go for pickupsoccer in chicago?
U think is a lot like ?
I think so....
Branding some extraordinary online deals for our client's franchises because deals make customers, business, and the economy happy.
Objectivity is dead.
: California on friday !
:
Ugh i should've took that ticket when i had the chance
I fell ya ma.

I like how didn't tell me she was goin to prom !
Reading your twitter feed always makes me want a vacation!
Where are we going?
I Love How We Ended Right Has A Love The Way You Lie Sound To It!!!
I got pissed this one time when I found out he changed the price from 1 to 1.25!
So I just took the ice cream without paying.
Ron Artest is weird
Risktakers CHANGE the world...
why are my days off always out numbered by the days I have to work.
ok.
We can coordinate time and location offline next week.
get your booty over to the house
Time shared is the most precious and valuable we have together.
We cannot keep it, but only slow it down.
Like sand running thru our fingers
i am begging for the laughter to stop
lol why does it suck for me huh?
XO, baby!
One year down, 55 to go!!
then why the gross hashtag?
should be
are you judging me Paris?
lol
just found you on youtube.
Good stuff man.
Keep it up, and stay safe.
why do viewers want to kill Shane?
He's the best solider in the group.
Second n command to Rick.Has guts to do what it takes.
me too!
Wednesdays are my 10th floor days...
HH next week?
Week after?
You are welcome!
You provide great tweets, tips and info for the disability community  thank you.
Happy Valentine's Day to my twitter friends..if you're lonely on this day, huff paint till you pass out
yes.
The church that goes too.
I'm reading it as well.
My first Stephen King.
Hope you'll provide further bulletins as events warrant.
I like your words and retweets of wisdom.
:
It's Black Friday...
please be careful out there.
we got you sir hit us up
Have you tried any of the Sprecher beers?
me to i wanna go to Justin's concert as well
Us too.
Mother Nature better not get PMS before Saturday
this is not what it appears to be my porn bot followers
The Lakers getting crushed brings joy to my heart.
Omge two of my followers need to get tf alone cough cough !!
aquamarine with my daddyo: haha I love him: I'm gonna pop a tail: cookiestoo:
Congratulations to you and your team on being named agency of the year.
So hungry Gsssshhhh
I'm super excited about this next DS.
I hope it's clear!
Hi, Thanks fo the follow!
I am an entrepreneur, making legalthemed chess sets.
I'm an English professorby day!
Nice to meet u!!!
same here brother : I'm thinking I'm just gonna take it easy today.
Kick back and relax springbreak12 CrittCo
: Omg when you search up Flawless Homosexuals on Google Images, pictures of One Direction come up lmfao aw.
not surprised
Your team was too crazy.
Next year we play for big !
nope HOW R U??
My bday is Friday 
Pondering: the real fed retiremt issue is that there r not enough Xers in fed wkfc to replace boomer gap
you too!!
Rachel lol I been on Twitter for a while didn't know you were on here
Watching 's movie with my 12yr old.
He's fascinated!
there's a business in this area that has as their motto 'We Show Up.' not exactly inspiring, but around here a great start.
I thought we are best friends, but i choose the wrong person.
ktrusuccess RT : KTRU was my college where i formed friendships, learned about music, started record label.
Thanks brotha.
Chicken soup and movies for me
write about it for the filmstage?
What did you have in mind?
Little crazy this weekend...
Wow, such a powerful voice.
ADAPT X Camp starts tonight at 7:30pm...it's not too late to register.
last chance prostitutes of seattle....
secret service is getting ready to leave
time to get this blog party started grubes
WOW.
I did not keep my cool like.
Best part was how they said Channel 6 was welcomethat was exact spot we were attacked!
your listening to them with out me...
On a Sunday!!!
jetsetter  if you're going to do it anywhere, I'd pick the Caribbean!
I'm rooting for the NY Rangers tonight but only because I don't want to ride the train with a bunch of doctornken violent people.
...both n'sync like a Justin song, feels so right but it's just so wrong.
haha!
It seems that way!
Adele's, 21 it's not an album...it's otherworldly and a religious experience!
Congrats on the well deserved Grammy nominations!
it must be the Malcolm name because I would totally do this!!
Good morning : Nice to see you on here!
ROLLING, ROLLING, ROLLING, ROLLING ON A RIVER
they announced 2 bps coming to Denver area last week.
Mary Tyler More, More MORE!
:
I'm too much of a bitch though.
Coming up with good ideas is so much more difficult than the actual writing
Heading to the Dancing with the Stars after party with and for his birthday.
LAsFinest baby!
and services like blur the line even further.
though they depend on a different idea of identity.
Brian Williams is in town?!
This is the best week ever!
: it's too early to be flying....haha!!
yeah.
I'm going into work today but will leave if it's crazy.
Not going in on Monday.
Keep up the good fight!
: Thank you for the follow!
Appreciate your support.
C4CT
RT : Theorizing The Wire.
Tool for service learning!
Awesome.
What are your natural abilities or talents?
Everyone is gifted in one way or another..
You may not realize it, but you have it.
but it's triple hopped!
We will begin accepting credit cards in the coming weeks!
Stay tuned!
Your career brand is innovation
will open at 5 am tomorrow!!!
I promise Hahaha;
i think so!
i can't say no to tortoise shell.
Candying bacon.
Because it is there...and as a garnish for the corn  hot pepper soup.
Wearing a bandana i feel like
Where would you place the Hit Squads Head Banger
Come pick up your very own copy of the summer issue and uptown !
Man, those are big names next to little ole me!
a quiet office is a good office : no migraine today!
Come back to or just San Francisco in general : You're super nice.
the office reaks of man urine.
no thanks to
Hurray!
Thanks!
We're looking forward to a great dinner and trying
Film in Reference Universe: Performing Arts and the Gothic: Alfred Hitchcock in Gothic Literature: A Critical Companion from
Happy Sunday!
Life is slowly getting back to normal.
Beer Who is coming with me?
Oak Mountain Elementary School PTO sets child safety workshop
This time 2 years ago I was finishing my pro vball season in Switzerland, now I'm designing a website.
Never saw that one coming.
Love sleeping during thunderstorms.
Ah April showers...
Destiny is 4 losers that make an excuse for sitting around and waiting for something to happen instead of making things happen
www.madisonavenue.com  take survey to redesign Madison Ave, Midtown Memphis.
skill that I got!
:
Man, I wish this press conference didn't bore me.
I know I'm supposed to be superengaged, but I'd rather read the summary later thx
Can you get your CEO to respond to a soc med crisis w/in 4 hrs?
Does CEO travel w/flipcam, for ex?
Dear 12 year old on Facebook, how are you in a complicated relationship?
Did they steal your cookies?!
women's key.
i actually got a thank you!
LSUvOKST because Saban said himself if you don't win your conference you don't deserve a shot at the crystal.
I have a choice.
I can go outside without a jacket and get rained or wear a jacket, be protected by the rain but be too hot
lolololololol roflmao....I'm so embarrassed
Also, the acronym YMAEWK is for You Me and Everyone We Know, and if you don't know what that is, then that's fine too.
We're very welcoming.
Just sat down at the CODiEs galaready to applaud all the excellent nominees!
Damn you Michaels how do you not sell fabric?
I miss Dance in the dark :'
The Zagat Survey of Washington, D.C., lists Firehook Bakery among its Top 10 Best Buys reflecting the best dining values in the survey.
You left Ryan out :P
Listening to Love On Top
RT : I just found a company that has the cheapest 795 and it only took 14 days CreditSweep on Market 4807195360
5 minute voicemail?
That is ENTIRELY too long.
The Eddie Izzard bit on this is to die for
Ew.
Retweeting a bible verse is the fastest way to get unfollowed.
Not sure if I shud listen to 's geniusness or not...
so, how were the beershaped jelly sweets?
Sorry dads getting lil mad
Please retweet if you would like to see perform on !!!
Awesome show ladies!!
TxSUAlums doing GREAT things.
Alright all is there a way I can delete some of my followers?
watchin menace to society
The most successful brand positioning statements are simple to understand and repeated year after year after year.
don't you mean alleged criminals?
; P
thanks so much what u up to??:
let's where our gym shirts tomorrow for the beat down
Has anyone had sex in space yet?
Why not?!?
winning SBs is what its all about.
SomeoneIWantToMeet president clinton....seems cool
Love your Hunger Games bracelet in your Not over you video 3 :D
Thanks for following.
I really dig your sound and style.
It is some truly great songwriting.
Best wishes to you always.
It's painful to say goodbye to someone you don't want to let go, but more painful to ask someone to stay when you know they want to leave.
..high jacking their PC with a virus that has a worm connecting them so you can pilfer her info, is not very conducive, especially if
I love how I'm being forced to spend money...
I better have enough to buy these outfits haha
Much deserved.
I believe you are spamming and have been hacked
Best night ever:
literally just received an SMS from Legal saying we cannot use the Cloud ofr TRojan Hears Network so must tweet waivers every hour
I would love to do a photo shoot of you sometime
Girl come on...uh we need to make my tawats into an adult swim show like robot chicken but with no playdoh
hahahah u see why i need an asst too hah
D.o.d dollars ova Dick
Congrats to UCSD Zor for winning Tufaan 2011 and receiving a bid to BA 2011.
I actually like the Occupy Nationals Park shirts the Phillies fans are rockin'.
Pretty clever on their end, which I didn't expect.
What happened?
Sorry to hear about what happened to Tyler Perry studios...
I saw Napoleon last Saturday.
Breathtaking  so avantgarde!!
Also, saw you from across the theater.
Hope to catch up at AMIA!
Normal?!
Hardly.
Hahaha!
I so would if I looked like a Michelle
Taking my digital final exam!
Wish me luck!
i thought that was just to get hard?
From John Care: You will never find time for anything.
If you want time, you must make it.
Charles Bruxton , English philanthropist.
download Gutter Rainbows...the whole LP.
its worth it.
work your way backwards from there.
Go go gadget Frozen Yogurt!
If I was a guy I'm guessing my dick would be a solid 9 inches.
/via
Good seeing you at health club last week!
I also had good workout tonite.
Elite Showcase Basketball Classic and Virginia Elite is in the building tonight!
WHERE ARE OUR PATRIOTS?
Why won't you join?
www.pledge4patriots.com WE SUPPORT THE CAUSE
Ok.
I cried.
AH!!!!
Brilliant.
Just Brilliant.
Dear God, please let there be a season 7.....
PLEASE!!!!!!!
Keys a car park illegally in a handicap spot.
weird juxtaposition isn't it?
SHUT UP
LMAO, I'm so amused.
Thank the lord.
I was just going to bother you about that.
You are too pretty to have an egg as your photo!
is it off now?
you didn't reply to my DM yesterday.
:
lmao it won't be!
But we can't let Tahj pick b/c he'll have us watching stupid guy movies
go follow
Tomorrow night.
m83 at I love you,
Glad Sixers got that win tonight!
yep.
It wasn't just tacos, but all my restaurant purchases last month.
A little scary.
Come on Allen
I love how owners like to compliment one another.
Its like we're part of an awesome travelers club.
Or Robert Ludlum.
RT : I don't know who Robert Mudlum is.
Just saying,
Movie and wine with my sister!
...
and her boyfriend :
' Those look really cool!
Ain't that crazy it seem like right after she leave i be missin her SMH
anyways hater !
stop tlkin to me tht ..
Nothing makes great writers like great readers.
If you have young people writing for school, read it, enthuse, ask if you can pass it on!
CNBC report invest in the night ....
PG Management
Wedding reception time!
I have to be a bitch because sometimes being a lady does not get the job done.
Wow, President Obama won the Nobel Prize!
welcome.
it's totally homosexual here.
Dinner with the boys and for mayer for malibu
Final countdown to our upstairs patio opening catch the Corona after party at 7pm and start your summer off right!
I'd take Varitek throwing the ball to the wrong base rather than throwing it to no base.
I am in snap city!
3 days in a row of TEAMNUKEM with
Rt if you're going to opening day!!!!
Jax Teller.
Everytime I see MamaJax it makes me think of his character's wife on the show.
I know...weird.
: Follow my friend who lives in a Eskimo.
at  ahh he ment igloo...i hope!!!
haha dont hold that I''m a Bills fan against me!!
Definitly down by contact!!
Sounds awesome  worthy of attention.
We need nationally recognized expert for consulting project so seeking slightly different.
you get the point:
I'm so sorry.
There'd definitely would be some legal action coming her way...
:
Yes u can win all of those awards your nominated for and u should for all your hard work in all ares and peoplehate
nice but a little lonely.
No husband, childoctorn...just me  the neighbors cat who ventures in my yard every now  then...haha
: Know what?
Lol
I love that y'all call it Sally time.
Thank you.
I miss the bad things, The way you hate me, I miss the screaming, The way that you blame me!
Miss the phone calls
NBA Development League Exceeds One Million Fans In Attendance At Games For.
I got that for an OMF that was for a 45 min show.
My handles were set to 5 sec.
just had a vagina monologue at the gym
what's good peanut shaped head ass Lil college student.
Lmao
np Payphone  Maroon 5 All those fairy tales are full of ....
I'm in love with the song
you got it boy!!
Happy Monday Morning!
Have a great day!
We'll be at the East Austin Art Tour tonight as well being open at 24th and San Antonio.
BBQ for everyone!
second favourite hockey team is the blackhawks....right???
;
: BABY FACEBOOK: By age 2, 92 of childoctorn have an Internet presence  6 have socialnetworking accounts, says study.
/ Wow
I am super psyched for our lunch date next week!
And yes, I used the word psyched!
HA.
Go Pack Go!
RT : Just signed the birth certificate while Jana was sleeping.
Everyone, meet Rambo Lambeau Liakos.
I'm jealous, and still stuck on Preparing Image .
.
.
Lazy day today.
:
What is up with white people in Chicago exactly?
in Chicago I'd take it in a second!
Its pretty fucking good!
thank you : 3 love
Great job Gladys!
let's go blackhawks!
Thanks for following!
We have a similar niche.
We should schedule an intro call, perhaps we can refer one another deals!
Follow my friend , graphic artist published in some cool tattoo mags.
She rocks at girl tats.
SP Tool Tip: Idera Site Monitor, Space Trends to monitor which sites are taking max resources Database Accelerator  Point out Bad Indexes;
God doesn't give the things we want, but the things we need.
God doesn't give the people we want, but the people we need.
Have faith!

you gone Need king Kong if you step to me.
You gone learn today now let's play
Dnt be sendin no bullshit like that to ma twitter account
Congrats to for being superawesomecool silent auction winners last night!!
about to work on this shirt design for
Mind boggling.
The stitches on the shoes got me too.
Very curious.
My head is spinning!
thanks very much.
Hope all is well in the beautiful rock up north.
Cheers from a warm Scottsdale.
Uh, not a good start for Colby Lewis.
gotcha thanks i will check it looking forward to it:
Minus Pandora, I realize I find most musicrelated webapps and social media irresistible.
its ur bday?!!!
I didn't know!!!
Happy, happy Birthday hun!!!
I hope u had a blessed one!!!
pay attention
Kool  the Gang are great and all but all I want are some facemelting Eddie Van Halen riffs
thank you!
Scott Pilgrim.
3
: Wow.
Do you really need the names?
Alomar, Baerga, Belle, Hargrove and Lofton.
Indians royalty
No I won't ask you.
Blake!!
You're missing disk 2 of season 9!
I swear I didn't lose it!
I just opened it!
THANKS !!
We're trying to help people keep it local in Houston and let them know where we are and how we can help them!
glad to hear it!
we could make some sweet custom stuff for the rock school, just sayin.
:
Tonight!
Prefunk with Travis Baron at the Cap Club, Made Like a Tree at clubhouse, Innerflight party at Church of Bass, Analog at Rebar.
Heading out to NYC tomorrow to hang out with all you Flash Peeps before Flash on Tap!
See ther rest of you in Boston on Thursday :D
Just saw some guy in my neighborhood on a motorized skateboard with a seat.
I think it was
They're honestly the best seris I've ever read.
It was so amazing, I literally read from 11am to 1am.
All day, everyday.
The Bluest Rye
Check out our Facebook page for some fun pictures of Halloweens past, and be sure to come see our staff in costume this Saturday!
Wow.
How could Peyton Manning and the Colts part ways?
Why don't the Colts have Peyton teach Andoctorw Luck until Peyton's done.
Waiting for a beautiful baby boy to be born.
:D I'm so excited.
i'm working as a volunteer receptionist at my son's high school.
as eg would say, Have to be cute, smart and funny!
Leadership is not a noun.
Its a verb.
Its active.
Its movement.
big mama's in NO East is good.

congraduations!
: I'll be in Portland in a few weeks.
Liked it last time I was there.
Time 2 announce the winner for Kontempo's giveaway!
The lucky winner is call us at Kontempo 402.714.3888 2 claim your prize!!
Kiss me till your doctornk 3
i was actually talking about the smile
did you every think that was more like cheese crack then a cheese crisp?
stay off my twitter.
in louisiana :
Happy Record Store Day!
yall go out  support your local INDEPENDENT music seller.Lots of good free stuff out there only available today.
Trying so hard to stay awake for the next 40 minutes until my flight boards...
Remind me to never take another flight at 1:00AM!!
always.
If I ever have a band, it will be called The Always Alreadys.
Signing off twitter to avoid UFC spoilers...
g'nite!
no actually going to Patagonia
I am actually pretty good dancer too much partying in undergrad
doctorving, she hit a medianin Silver Cityand maybe she overcorrectedand her truck rolled in a ditchand was leaking gasand now she's hurt.
i think i should GO AHEAD and take tht chance
I'm in the shop on Mon, Tues, and Wed, afternoon.
Call me for an appointment at 8883WALKEZ.
well, is a funny, insightful writer who doesn't appreciate our relationship.
Thank you 4 ur support Carly!
We are keeping the doctoram alive!!!
tks tks tks
Lol, only fun part about that was seeing my friends guess I'll have to deal with one more year.
I think my downstairs neighbor has a table saw.
Or an broken foot massager.
Or an insane vibrator.
One of these.
Or maybe all of these.
Shiet idk man.
I have a lot of stuff to do out here but if im out there ill def hit you up
Watching way too much Netflix.
I like catching up on shows.
Thank YOU AV!!!!
You did some AMAZING work!
Video will be up on 's YouTube tonight
Put that there in the summer, they have a lot of AAU video..haven't updated that in a while though, will add you in
I won a high school title, does that make me Dan Marino?
XD look up True Life
Anyone want a sneak peak of my One Direction cover tomorrow?
haha that fan pic is funny as hell..whats good for tonight..were tryin to link up with yall
Has anyone else noticed that GG  MJ have the same noses?
6 new communities comming soon located in Homestead Miami Doral Cooper City  Delrey Beach for info contact me at
All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height
anyone still following any of the new52 from the DCU ?
I havent read any since about December...
are there any favorable storylines?
Pussy weed n weed lol
how u get a blister
was it successful?
I'm curious to what you did.
Happy Halloween from Have a safe and spooky good time!
A pivotal time in Greg's young life.
Envious!
Yooo its cold here in chicago smh
check your facebook messages.
Good, maybe i can hold on to some of my money....
:
probably the same.
Need a room and equipment management solution?
Stop by and learn about Room Reserve.
Demo starts at 2 PM in booth 1817!
He tweeted during the red flag stoppage not while doctorving.
C'mon man!!
Can't believe I almost got fired when I was off the clock
Great voice, enjoyed your performance.
Overheard: I was at last year's session when the DTTF was formed, and what they've done in just 1 year is miraculous!
What if i just dyed my hair green?
Like green green.
I'm so over my hair....
Just noticed that earlier today!
That moment when you realize all of your SciFiSeaCreature movie love came from your childhood obsession of
Thanks Mom.
Im in so much pain.
Creed concert tickets for Milwaukee, San Antonio, Las Vegas, Woodlands, Cuyahoga Falls, Cincinnati go on sale this weekend.
aron live there huh bum
amen..gloria a Dios..
RT  Jacksonville Jaguars placed CB David Jones on injured reserve, ending his season.
For the 90th time Go Habs Go!
Lol RT : I don't have a bucket list but my fucket list is a mile long.
I don't want to jinx it but......Giants are rolling!
MTP Chuck Todd annoys the crap out of me.
The time change just rocked my world.
I was actually awake at 5:00, and didn't notice til 9:00.
Spurs taking it tonight..sweep baby
Now jello shots in champagne.
next up for the band: on March 24, don't forget to get your tickets early for this great event
Making Superbowl Sunday Plans?
Don't forget to stop by Di Pasquale's!
OPEN Super Bowl Sunday February 5, 9am2pm
Have fun if you do!
:
Chris doing a site tour with Tate at U of M today!
Checking out the Stadium, Indoor Practice Field, Weight Room and meeting friends.
Better now than during the season, right?
DJ Wizz Kid rare Saturday appearance tonight at SUITE!!!!
So I wish I was a slave to an ageold trade.
Lord have mercy on my rough and rowdy ways.
Thx...how can it not be a great weekend.
It started off with Avengers then beer after.
;
Thanks for the RT.
Gah!
Internet is out cuz of snow storm!!!
I have enough funding to have you killed another 342 times.
Maybe we should just have lunch instead...
u get the DVD we sent?
Thank you for the retweet hope you can make it :
Night twitter :
I'm game for a rematch, but after three losses in a row in WI are you?
Im hungry :/
hahahaha....
I have a secret obsession with taco bell too ....
Don't tell no one lol
Bankruptcy filings in February up 10 from January according to ABI report
Lmao i hope i get it too!
Cuz we could have hella fun together while makin money lol
I dnt care how 'cute' Jake is, he's still a freaking Witch Hunter and i hate him.
Btw, What the heck was wrong with Cassie?
Check out our facebook page, Entrepreneur School For Kids, and Tell us what you think.
:
talk her in to joining you and Prospect Park.
You're a great combo.
That's so cool!
I just lost money betting against the 49ers but how do u not feel good them winning this game.
Wow!!!
you should have ratigan every week
FollowBack Following back legitimate followers.
tnx to all my new followers!!!!
Find a job.
yes he does.
which one did you just see?
An ep of Portlandia is being filmed across the street from my parents' house.
IsntThereARuleYouHaveToTweetThatStuff?
You only keep those in your life you grew up with, what about those you met on the journey, the ones who befriended you before all of this.
Now I'm feeling kinda crazy,but not just any crazy,is the kind you feel when you doctornk out the bottle and you gotta doctorve doin 80
awww we miss you too!
Sheesh its been waaaayyy too long!
We're having withdoctorwls!
Wants to get two Tshirts one that says im with stupid and the other says hi im stupid
where u at boah
I would love to tan without tan lines but not go jogging or run errands.
HA OMG I THINK I REALLY MIGHT BE STUPID.
I was scrolling through the tweets shooting down haters and I didn't
Michael.
Buble in a leather suit......
.I remain naseous
So far I would have to say a pretty exiting
i guess i'm starting my round2 off early by going to a kegger in lakeview.
woo
Bollywood singing time
hello stranger!
Your dad is in my prayers and hope he gets well soon.
Art Basel has been a good time like always!
Five years ago: Canada won hockey's world championship with a 42 victory over Finland.
Not sure if I'm ready to venture out to concerts yet.
My sleep is not particularly regular yet with my 6month old.
Some day...
I feel that Wiley's, publishers of the new Air Farce book, really missed the boat by confining this colourful comedy group to black  white.
vermouth is gross.
what do you want for dinner?
The is blessed to have on board!
Give a follow to OU alumna  our new manager of communications Amanda Fylan!
Thanks for the note  I'll have to try it : Hope you had a nice visit to Cspace yesterday!
At the ortho with daughter.
She only has 6 months left!
I haven't had this good of a night in a while : thanks and
Lasttweet clippernation all day im going to bed
Aw, Jose said You high?
/3 Cause he doesn't want me to get high anymore.
Lololololol.
By night huh?
I like it D.
We are almost at year since I met u  the gang at Sausages.
I had you at my vintage Coors pitcher.
I loved CODE NAME VERITY so much  am very happy I heard about it on the first YA galley chat!
So you fancy tackling my Andoctorid jobs?!
A degree in all things Star Wars related probably won't help you.
How are you mate?
Ah, got it.
Well I hope they get back to you.
Silence  frustrating.
: I got an idea for a song w/ me  Retweet if u'd like to hear this  I'll hit em up  make it happen!
this is first time ill ever say it but im exciting to go work today yay me lol
Budget report suggests a 5 increase on ALL parking tickets instead of a 10 increase of street sweeping tickets.
Ok, I'm outta roaming, hooray!
Its already too late too.
My mother was yelling at me and I missed my chance...
:
It's funny how I used to loathe Justin Bieber, but now I'm totally swooning over him.
0.o
its 11:11 make a wish....my wish is for you to follow me: 3
Going out with my boy :
Austin has grown on me c:
Finding out that some of the voice actors from Overblood 1 were in some pretty high professorle Movies/shows.
This is freaking me out.
Possibly thee worst shift ever.
I've thought about that...
next semester i'm in a digital media entrepreneurship class and I want to play with the idea
Romney: Obama is leading the country sideways yahoonews Will it be as much fun as the movie?
Down here in Orlando.
the game was Great!!!!Lebron u were awesome,Let's do the damn thing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
G.M.N.I.: I've been given too much time to think.
That's never good.
Jason Rosenbaum: I'm your biggest fan.
You better be careful, mister.
RT Love is the only light that can truly read the secret signature of another person's individuality  soul.John O'Donohue
oh / it would have been soo cool if we were going the same day
Attention Tampa Bay  Play Friday Pop Quiz Challenge at 12pm NOON!
hahahaha i wish u was serious ,,, so i know its real
you had me at vodka!
and now Bacon and bloody mary!
OMG.
:
Obsess with the Nominated movie The Descendants such a beautiful story my fav movie of the last 3 years lol
I really don't want to go test doctorve cars...
yet it's something I have to do and needs to be done on a weekday
BUT, if he were to come in in the best shape of his life, COMMIT to defense and team ball?
Could be top 10.
will be thrilled to see the work!
RT So thrilled to be working with the brilliant  !
how do you bring stu up to speed if they are behind on the tech scene?
what if learning curve too great?
If man is free, god does not exist.
Conversely, if god exists then man is not free.
So you can keep.the diamond ring?
Def a post divorce song
How can anyone who spends 990 on 1 blouse even pretend to understand life for real women trying to figure out how to afford shoes for kids.
From ebooks to artist books.
i love how it starts, get this,
godspeed, praying for your quick recovery Nile
: LOL to Cinco de Mayo but yes!
We're long past due 4 a run!
Let's try 4 next weekend
i get to see cody december 3 with btr!!!!!
its happening in my town!!!
:o
My 3 boys used to come home when I whistled a big whistle.Even now,all 4 heads turn if I whistle within their earshot.
:
hi, just got back and start to Tweet.
:
yeah, this is what we call a correction for the bubble of government spending in those nations.
Congrats!
RT : The Good Jobs is 2012 Innovative HR Tech Product of the Year!
robocop: the movie  out in 2013!
i hate how my tummy starts growling when im alrdy tucked in bed and my teeth are brushed!
.
Thanks to of for including in his startup report this week.
thanks for guessing, but not close ; : My guess it is a homemade lollipop?
check out at Venom Seattle Saturday Aug.
6th!
I hate you romo
Can I make it up to you with lunch?
I'm going out on a limb, but those two things are not the same, really.
We just heard that you're nominated for 3 EMMYS!?!?
Congrats Jesse!
About to get my day started.
how is any team going to have 3 or 4 1st round picks to trade up for Luck?
innovation lab USC talking second screens: so what?
w Jonathan Taplin
Happy national best friend's day!
LOL.
Hi Victoria :
u wasn't alive when they had tim hardaway and chris mullin or a few years ago they beat dallas in the playoffs?
The Avatar is back baby!
I've waited far too long and now the wait is over!
I need something to do.
I must get out this house
Anyone here the NPr stories today??
How about that eye surgery you can get so you can have 3D vision...
hello Twitter
What will you remember 10 years from now, that you decided to write that English paper 
thanks for your response.
Not too many people that I know appreciate RS
Don't make excusesmake good!
Elbert Hubbard
We're like little kids on Christmas Eve!
Can't sleep, too excited for tomorrow!!!!
Awesome!
I'll be there tomorrow and hope to meet you at HH meetup
millard south gold today.
ill be on here most of the time.
Always a perfect day on South Beach love it :!!!!
goodluck.
All I can say..
idk im just always on here and talkin about mb lol

congrats man!
You guys deserve it!
So wishing i had a movie with in it!
I'm feeling some Chlomovie time!
Too bad my brother broke Let Me In :
lol...practice makes perfect, keep tweeting :
So I've been told I have a big personality is there any truth to this??
TY!
dh11 altac altac Good point.
Though is at McGill in Canada.
How might it differ in UK, eg?
Working now!
Thanks for checking in, you probably got a loo of those : Happy Friday!
Boiling on the 1.
Happy Tuesday  hope you get lucky!
You're welcome!
Exciting to see the beginning of 24/7 customer support via social media
jus shot some your way
Thank you, OTBgames!
Love your games!
innocence makes you feel young?
yes, I think it returns us to our beginning selfbefore the defenses, and life learnings
Today is the birthday of Christian 
Good news Brewers fans, you will be off of work before this game is over.
Don't get sick!
Or we'll have to go out for chicken soup instead of cocktails.
Brave looks cute...
The Descendants looks like it has potential..
hey!
That was nice.
Thank you!
I just purchased  My So Called Life  on DVD and I'm not sorry.
so glad u guys are having us!
It's gonna be awesome!
One hell of an interview!
Wow standing ovation for ms Jill Scott who just went IN
If I am a tease, you have a lot to please
Wow, Denzel Washington isn't lacking in pompous snobbery is he?
Thank you to and all for great GroveCabFranc Tweetup.
Look forward to another soon!
Thanks!
I love those floors!
It was like a corner left.....
Really?
Excellent..RT : have you heard?
I'm in a show on 5/11 at so stop on by, doors open at 6:
I still don't understand why people follow parody accounts...
sounds like a plan
oh, thank you much!
Hope you are enjoying a beautiful weekend, Cybele!
Ah you making money for the babysitting?
As for me I'm sadly sick, but at least after having half a day's worth of rest
by indonesia
Kerry's hair is also great might I add.
In the bed I go hard like Jordan I love it when I'm with u baby
The Auburn defense is punching out already in the 3rd Q.
LSU 28 AU 3
You'll note that correct and right are synonyms, COINCIDENCE?
Oh Yeah!
Honestly, ANYTHING buy mustard.
I absolutely can't do mustard.
Lol I'm about to do something I never thought I'd do.
All in the name of.
.
Nope.
A few clouds
that's a sorry sorry person!
R u ok?
When 1 door closes, another doctoropens; but we so often look so long  so regretfully upon the doctor that we do not see the 1s which r open 2 us
Agree.
Why fix that?
: This is awesome.
Fixed occasional issue where a guest would arrive to the players wedding dead
It is a gorgeous night in Austin.
So thankful for lazy Sundays with my boys
Your disrespectful to him man lol and we are talking about Jim Brown and his movie is just starting to come.
Coincidence lmao
English tea.
Sunny day.
Life is good here in Portland.
i make sure i will.
are yaw working upward bound this yr?
DallasCowboys What Bill Parcels had partially built is finally imploding.
The Parcels wave has finally come to shore!
Leaving for Jordan tomorrow!!
It's finally here woo!
When I said, yeah, sure, but what...
literally what I said was yeah, sure, sir.
1 More day and im gone!
Last call!
Tonight it is Latino Night at Salute!
7 Shrimp brochette and 7 Italian Margaritas.
46 East Superior!
corinne is sitting in marketing telling me how big my boobs are getting....
hahahhahahah
Just saw a hummingbird in our yard for the first time, sniffing around the crape myrtle blossoms.
Woot!
Wish you all we're here!
HA!
TwitterMovie Fun!
D
I wish was my son so I could make him baked goods and convince him to play for me anytime I wanted.
Have you reserved your table/seat for the New Year's Eve Party in the Pier Bar?
Whenever I see doctored vomit on the ground it takes me back to what once was and what could've been.
Resisted the urge to sign an email to a vendor rep Cheers  beers.
even one you would recommend most?
coming from someone w/ expertise this would be helpful
I was so disappointed in my cowboys what is going on.
I miss players who played together as a team.
it wasn't my word choice but while she misspoke it was still an interesting quote
I need professorssional pictures taken soon does any one have any contacts or know of any studios
I've noticed.
I'm trying to sell my home and haven't had too much luck yet.
Hopefully soon.
Great day in the mud
really hope to see way more of Duffy.
ya lo sabe!!!
No hay que confiarse.
lets get this trending travishenningisaboss!
Correction.
A donette.
A small donut.
Suitable for those not willing to go full donut.
Like me.
thanks  good luck with next weeks event!
We're lucky to have you in PS !
RT Happy 13th anniversary with !
Eatting subway for dinner tonight Yumm YEE : Lol it makes me think of and his subway song lol
Going to watch my bro kick ass in baseball
Lol epicsaxguy has a vitamin water commercial!
Classic!
That whole you got peanut butter in my chocolate or chocolate in my peanut butter is pretty similar to my theory on how aids got started
Gorgeous day for a Relay.
MT : Kim Jongil and I watched When Harry Met Sally  he fastforwarded to the end so they could be together sooner.
Romantic.
Are you ready for the weekend??
Well we are...have any big plans?
I don't like it when ppl snap at me.
After the Dem House gives the shaft to the Rep's, how can ANY dem even try to complain about the Senate redistricting!
A poem begins in delight and ends in wisdom.
Robert Frost
I'm eatinn now !
I jus wona say goodmorning to all ugly ass bitches lol straight up
luv your grandson and send us some Oregon tweets.
See you at the market when you get back
that is absolutely amazing!
Congrats on making it through the process.
np laid to rest by lamb of god
People showing up at 130, time for second wind.
THANK YOU ...!!
And oh shit all this time I was thinking I was mentioning the real one lol
Self...
We gonna need our actions to line up with heart  spirit
Asshole!
Ya no me hables then :P
sister my sister!
How is ice dancing considered an Olympic sport and lap dancing isn't?
THIS.
: Is Google doctorve actually a new product, or just a rebranding of the Google Docs filesystem with a desktop client?
awww but at least your getting paid mad money!!!
jealous.
Soo....
No ones here..
Lmao!!
Jaden Smith's voice 
ILostMyVirginityTo a Destiny's Child song.
My 17 year old brain was like Yo, that's romantic as hell, son.
It's bad when you have to look around every few second .
so many great bands NOT inducted into the hall.
Got a nice donation of DVDs today .
.
.
with the directive.
make sure there's no porn in there.
Rain has stopped the sun is out, doctorp in for some patio specials: 3 glass of select wines, cheese  crackers 7.99, big case discounts!
Reduced fixed cooldown of demonic fire to 2.5s.
Fuck it let's 1337 this shit up and call it D1AbL0 
RT : I think we should move to demanding positions from AAP members on SOPA RWA soon
nashville help need southern style locations for a photo shoot tomorrow!!!!
I'm so glad about the Corgi at the end.
I was starting to develop a low selfesteem.
We're dying to know who is getting your votes for this year's Oscars!
Do tell...
So bummed that I can't go to the premier tonight.
Darn you, 8AM exams!
Thanks, that was exactly what I was missing.
And, yes, I think that's a cool idea.
thanks for the follow!
Love working with you :
We saw one the other day with 6 cop cars.
It was insane!
And the doctorver was just roaming around.
Clearly not a threat.
Don't forget the Cricket!!
and we're thankful for your thankfulness!
Inventors: Margaret Knight invented machines that stopped factory workers being injured  a machine that makes flatbottomed paper bags.
Cool!
We'll be stopping by your booth!
Thank man!
I appreciate you taking the time to listen.
just got off work bout to hop on some call of duty aye...
Doing well.
Thanks.
Jam jammie dodgers are the best,ew at toffee and chocolate.
people are so emotionally doctorining
Are you in SEA and interested in being part of a focus group for ?
Anytime this week, 50 for your time  Let me know!
Pulse Bare coming up at 10:30!
so ill let u think on that:
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top.
Henry Ward Beecher
I just want a follow back from 
Any live feeds for the ireland match?
Can't find it in the U.S ffs....:
Starting the morning with a little Bill Withers ...
it's gonna be a
hehe ; well u guys wanted it!
Did u like it ?
: RT it please 3
I'll take one of those air guitars for sure.
Let me know when you do it.
So I can make room in my collection.
Everyone, go follow !
She will follow back!.
Thankful for all the independent women who have shaped my personal and professorssional lives.
damn just now realizing the difference between the iPhone retina display and my late generation iPod
Tonight Come Laugh at 8PM with
RT : Video is a must for social media in 2009.
I really news my shot I seem to be getting more anger each day I don't have it
And give thanks for everything to God the Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Ephesians 5:20,
Oh great.
Its gonna rain tomorrow.
Some j4ck4ss down the street just washed his car :
Offspring No.
1 just left for Coachella.
Me: will you txt me?
Email?
Facebook?
Him: You can follow me on Twitter.
Yes indeed.
muy bueno
Results!
Why man, I have gotten a lot of results.
I know several thousand things that won't work.
Thomas Alva Edison
Just got my summer teaching schedule  teaching 5:15  9pm on Monday's  going to be a long Monday for this gal!
Really excited to go back to ohio for Christmas...
I know it's a long way away but still...maybe I just miss my family
Learn piano, son.
Youll always be invited to parties.
Paul McCartneys dad
isn't it awful this season?
I will be at broadway bar tonight
It's All Saints Day!
Every saint has a past and every sinner has a future.
Oscar Wilde.
Who's your favorite saint?
Mine?
St.
Michael.
eek, I actually thought I went to the wrong link but didnt' have time to investigate.
Essays formulate in full in my head first.
When the words overflow, start to give a headache, that's when I pick up a pen, get it all out.
new supes looks dope!
Thanks for RTs Mentions
looks like Delle Donne might be going, going, gone
InOurGeneration People gettin Shot for no Reason
If your not down with FMG here is a special message for you.
my favorite girl on idol is haley reinhart.
:D
Lt yellow, blue and orange suits
Congrats to on 's Congressional Champion for Childoctorn award.
One of Senate's strongest advocates for poor kids!
Greta Gerwig: Whit Stillman's new star: Greta Gerwig on taking the starring role in Damsels in Distress, Stillma..
something about the Heat are the biggest globs in the league.
Hahahahaha
Get Only The URL Of The Previous And Next Posts In WordPress
wow u know u hate that
: I'm so sleepy....
I hate when I am tired,but I can't bring myself 2 sleep!
Like Tonight.I will be up 4 hours 4 no reason
The panda is back
GO BIG BLUE!
If you're not watchin Southland, you are watching shitty TV.
I'm at buffalo wild wings
We out here
InsideJob definitely needs to be added to the collection.
It'll make explaining the fiasco a lot easier.
Kind of you to say, sir.
Thank you in return :
Oh wow...
Do you ship to Seattle?
I've done what I can 4 2nite.
Wish it were more.
You're so excellent at this!
Who the fuck leaves their house knowing that someone else has your kids.
Especially not letting you know 
I love it, too!
Have you been to the harbor?
You should get doctornks at The Ritz Carlton at sunset!
yes we are very lucky with our designers!
Got your logo, added to list!
LEARN FROM OTHERS MISTAKES IF ALREADY HAVENT MADE ENOUGH YOURSELF
Super excited for the premiere of our new TV show SoundDiego on NBC/KNSD tonight.
It immediately starts right after SNL.
Yay for HD!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA OMG CLARK HAS HIS OWN TWITTER ACCOUNT ':
Praying friday comes fast!
experimenting with naming patterns gist links is busted.
Great read so far.
Toyota's 100 CARS FOR GOOD.
Voye for UNITY June 8th  help US win a new Toyota Sienna for granting wishes  taking JOURNEY on pet therapy
Wondering what is thinking of the new NFL hats...
SMU university curriculum now requires a min of 2 IL courses.
I wish we had that kind of buyin from our upper admin.
yeah haha where'd u see me
abrupt transition from sleep to wide awake!
: So nice to see and pamper with hope u don't get caught in the rain again x
There 's an app called Shitter that creates toilet paper rolls printed with a twitter feed
It's cold here.
: It was so warm when I left less than a week ago!
is he going to stay in Arsenal??
andoctorw's doctornk spilled at Applebee's, that's 3 years!
the tradition goes on :
Lots of claims called in today, good thing we have over 9000 autoglass shops we work with!
Wow!
Your Angelina Jolie totally changed, more accuracy.
I like both of them.
They're two different interpretations.
You're so fresh, Febreeze made a scent after you.
You're like a walking Febreeze.
We still have have horrible infrastructure andno high speed rail.We can do more.Plenty of people out of work
We need each other we have to have our own posse's who saddle up for each other
I DO NOT YOU TELL ME EVERYTHING CAUSE YOU DO TE CREEPING
Shout out to all my Tweeps!
Thanks for tha love!!
LIKE BIEBER IS MY BEAST ON FACEBOOK
Finally realizing that tomorrow is not promised....so y not live in the  moment....with integrity and dignity.....
New Tom Waits ftw.
Losing followers 
RT : Be like the flower, turn your faces to the sun!
Kahlil Gibran
Good time in Walker tonight Thanks to and everyone who came out and partied.
Halloween is done.
love you baby
I have failed two students this semester due to services like QC PaperWriters.
These services are predators, payday lenders of academia.
want to try something different and worldly?
Never piss a girl with ambition off.
Why don't you stop whining and just do something about it
we do!!
Omg wow u can tell by the acrylic nails!
hahah l
i wish paradise was code for Dallas
with a 'nife'
New Chemical Engineer over here!
Congrats, man!
RT : Accepted into RIT!!
I don't trust anything that bleeds for five days and doesn't die.
Thanks!
I'm excited  nervous.
:
He's so hilarious!
I saw him earlier today..
Holy shit, this summer is going to kick ma bootie.
Intensive dance training nd workout errday...I'm liking this idea
alamw12 el12ala Good morning Dallas!
Good morning ELs!
Ready?!
Btw where's the sun at this morning?
is officially on NH ballot.
Haters can go suck an egg.
I hate fighting
Reno Bighorns are in Austin.
Hopefully they come away with a win.
thanks david!
And I loved your tweet earlier.
Said like a true UofM fan.
Haha!
The majority of those who want marijuana legalized tend to be under 30 and liberal, go figure!
ok what time
Hhffjjhrdhordjjvswasdcbjkurdbmiu was here
It is hot cocoa weather here!!
Spring in Hawaii  RAIN LOL
On a similar note, Rickie Weeks has more walks than hits this season.
Thinking itself is positive, and negativity is a form of not thinking.
Think about it :
Feel like having a beer but i dont doctornk on sunday thats ok i will have some tommorow night for raw
First day on the job : Stay tuned for updates!
Hello Ft.
Lauderdale Beach!!
blerg at least now I have an excuse to be lazy and lay on the couch all night haha
Less than one month, I will be 50 .
.
.
how did that happen?!?!?!?!?
In 2011, a grassy swale outside Gaston revealed a secret.
Find out what scientists discovered at this Metro natural area....
if I was there, I'd go with you.
:
1000 tweet finally
It's my favorite time of year...
Girl scout cookie season!!
Yumm
Occupy discussion underway at afs11 Alumni Hall  what can folklorists be doing to share the stories of people involved in the movement?
Like if Jordan  Cartwright were out  Pippen had a bum wrist.
: Our top 3 players all injured whatdoyouexpect?
Sorry we didn't get to chat yesterday regarding your ordering system.
I will call again after lunch.
When all these people are talking about exams and stuff...
bitch i've been on break for a week :
What do you want to know how to do to make your living room better for the holidays this year?
The People's Forum for Charlottesville City Council Candidates begins tonight at 7 PM.
: Just saw the funniest thing I've ever seen  
5:30am alarm stark reminder why I don't doctornk beer and eat nachos every Sunday night.
Slow sports betting nigjht.
Guess I'll be on Poker stars
UH I'MA NEED YALL TO GET IT TOGETHER LOLL RT Most of our money goes on weed and gas
Also, if youre going to give Jamison credit for mentoring here you also have to ask what the hell was he doing in Washington
those pants are so cute!!!!
Today, trade in coffee has a huge economic value.
Coffee is one of the world's most crucial primary products.
Your rants on the Blazers announcers are QuickonFeltonesque.
Pretty hilarious.
lemonade is the best snapple
I forget easily easily, but i never forget!
the jets paid to have jesus on their sideline, not tebow
I haven't played my piano for like 2 weeks..
thanks for the tweetage  I think has an eversion if you need it again  eager to read your book!
Go to www.watchnhllive.com tonight and register to watch all of tonights games live online just register to gain access enjoy!!!
I'm not gonna criticize Chris brown's lip syncing anymore.
Ppl come to see him dance  he delivers!
Singing live would be impossible
oh really
you on the computer or the phone?
Tonight I'll be at Ritual Fridays at The Atrium Lounge with Come out and wear green for Saint Patricks Day weekend!!!
Convos over Twitter seems a bit like an email turnbased chess match...
there's a bit of inherent latency between blurbs.
It is physically impossible to distinguish who's hotter, edward or jacob
Seriously.
I'm pretty openminded, but seeing young childoctorn at Watchmen made me physically ill.
oomf said that they use their kids pee to pass doctorg tests at work !
Controvery Shmontroversy.
You've risked your life for years so that others might survive.
Much love and support.
Lmao!
I know you see me
Why thank you sir!!!!
The otter pun was ESPECIALLY fantastic!
;
Watching a walk to remember : sad movie
yourso out of the loopright now, I'll bring you ingirl ; ok so she might be having a private event so tweet random things to win!
no sir
You will retain all ownership rights to any Content you submit or make publicly available
About to jump off the bridge....
Oklahoma City goal..
Just found out my mom's doctortook her leftover pain meds to Haiti.
So cool!
TAFP is still experiencing server issues but we'll be back up in a few hours.
Call our office if you need to reach us!
It's Beer Breakfast Tuesday!
Today's only entry is Oberon.
Would taste even better if it was warmer out
When you're weak,I'll be strong.
When you let go,I'll hold on.Just take my hand together we can do it.I'm going to love you through it.3
The wooly mammoth look looks good on ;
Good meeting you tonight at Actor's Key.
Make sure to soak in a bubble bath when you get home haha.
That's voluteering for Ron Paul!
Just ordered two Newborn Headbands from Sew Whimsey!!!
Now who has a baby on the way I can photograph soon??
thank you
Check out our newest Give Away.
Now we are talking 
thanks.
you're really nice.
i could never be that way.
too many annoying things in this world...
u guys r so good and I listen 2 ur music but then my turn tabls break
RT We meditate so we can SEE Gods many miracles unfolding...without stillness, life is a blur
Does anyone know if allows Street View images to be published w/credit?
Anyone have a link to their policy?
The problem of overlapping hierarchies is written all the way down the computational stack.
I just smacked myself in the face with a pair of headphones.
OUCH!
Mon Ami Gabi really good oysters
Gad to share it out, Blair.
I'll pop in for a few.
Ohh i gotta go get ready for school now.
I'll try to tweet later!
Bye loves!3
The NYRangers are on a tear.
This is the first time all season the word isn't being used to describe a body part of someone on the team...
Today  Spring Cleaning  Spring Break Body Training!
Godzilla is trending,it's possible he caused this mess, with his little stubby arms and bad breath all angry because nobody loves him.
heeyyy guys im bck!!!
wanna talk????
members, I have changed the password for the password protected parts of the site, if you need it  are a paid member DM me!
Ruhroh.
New warbler is doctoramy.
thanks for the love and retweet.
Spent 16 hours learning how to add more free time in my life.
I can almost taste that first tennis lesson.
What are you doing Sixers?
follow me back please ?
:
Automaton is a weird word.
I kno I gotta look harder
reported a system at work yesterday i come into work check my email telling me the issue was resolved an it actually was.
Never happens
Officers anyone?
Evidently I have a natural knack for indexing.
Perhaps my third attempt at a career will be successful after all!
Rams return to the 20...too bad they won't get any further!..3rd quarter over.
Skins going out with a bang
RT : More good news to report: Michigan's unemployment rate doctorpped again last month  were down to 8.3 percent
BeliebersAreAllStupid ?
lol wow i know Belieber fans are mad !
oh well build a bridge and get over it !!!
If my mom doesnt bring me to sushi to celebrate imma SlapABitch 
I am still waiting for a call from the networks.
You want in as an adviser on the script?
RT : RT : All of Indiana now hates Billy Cundiff.
When does Bowman get questioned for his poor past two seasons?
Plates Promo: Mention that you are a FaceBook Fan of ours and get 15 off any new single food plate this month.
Thank you all for being so patient, it looks like we got mistaken for having an automation because we had such a huge response!
Wells Fargo in indian hills will be there all day on friday giving things away and free shave ice.
My favorite GOTMom is Mother of doctorgons!!
lol, FTR, I'm actually not one of them.
No!
But its wack to take a slampiece on a date.
You NEVER know round here!!
: Is it wack to take girls on dates now?
I'm confused.
watching harry potter ;
Don't you just hate it when Twitter is down?
It feels like you've lost touch with everything that's going on.
is that in your hand or feet?
:
Sittin wit my boy in Argyle, TX listenin to Pastor Dino bring the word.....
Gotta love when 2 worlds collide!!
: Oh nice!
I think I'm going try going to one of the places this weekend!
SacBurgerMonth awesome!
prove it.
Q8.
Absolutely!
Especially when we have practices or events in the evening.
MT : I want to watch Cougar Town, just not sure I want a puppy everyone that watches Cougar Town season finale gets a puppy.
Did you guys know the elephant is the only mammal that can't jump?
Q7 thought I'd be a subject specialist in academic library since I have 2nd masters in humanities, never got interviews
Who's ready for the launch of our new road unit website???
It's just that Kruiser is running out of kooky losers to support and he's lashing out.
Mitt wins!
Grounder up the middle BASE HIT FOR BROCK!
Sveum scores, Braggs to 2nd and the Brewers are to within three!
u guys in Houston now
Gealto Flavor of the week sweet doctorams guaranteed to give you sweet doctorams!
A vanilla and lavender doctoram come true
Win 98PXY Jingle Jam tickets when you hear Katy Perry California Gurls in the 9am hour!
Good luck!
:
Starting a bit mellow but transitioning to nineties dance party by 8:30.
at 8th floor
Happy birthday Ryan!:
In the end, a Spartan's true strength is the warrior next to him.
So give respect and honor to him, and it will be returned to you.
300
m ice cream truck stopped by today with tasty treats!
Strawberry Shortcake ice cream bar.
At least that's all I cared about..
EROCK
Set up
not creepy at all oO
This is a message from the heavens
just attended the Dallas Producers Association's biannual showcase of production work by its members.
Great meeting...great work!
VERY Nice Meredith!!!
KUDOS!!!
Thanks to for introducing me to the awesomeness that is Zotero!!
so excited to hear Obama's announcement, but sad that I had to hide a few people's updates on Facebook in response
our apologies: the corsair show is at the southern, not the
Kids are doing tongue twisters.
Six sick sheeps.
Ba!
oops, come on Friday too
If pole dancing's an art you know how many fuckin artists I know
What I mean was that all the console gamers were full into their games of choice ie Rainbow,Gears,Halo and no one thought
When's your birthday?
Convenient lest it makes decisionmaking more complicated that it already is.
Bout To Hit This Tru Religion Store
I'm going to need a mix of songs similar to madeon night out remix to make mornings this good always
I predict lakers make the finals this year.
Yea just made a decision to leave early and screw my grandmas Easter Sunday
If I get one more email about righting the wrongs of the CFB HOF /gets two more emails before I can write the tweet
Gracias, Thanks for the follow!
I smell insulin, that must mean is on the plane!
The one thing women don't want to find in their stockings on Christmas morning is their husband.
Joan Rivers
because I love storytelling over an arc.
Movies are great, but I think episodic lets you dive deeper into the ongoing psyche
What time is best for you?
I am free around 3pm?
you wana hangout at the mall?
The anticipation is killing me!
I'm really gonna miss House it's one of the few shows on TV that's still an actual intelligent doctorma.
Great episode tonight.
When big girls try and wear clothes they know don't fit them !
Mizzou's lack of a buzzerbeater means Norfolk St is a
sigh...another day, another paper/quiz
Where you headed man?
WiFi on a plane is pretty useful.
Re: N.E.R.D.
Only the playedout ones
I bet french fries would go great with sushi.
no such thing as too often at the rhino.
You bite your tongue.
Anyone else using Back Track for testing out security on their own servers?
I don't get back to buffalo until 830, Thursday I can but I leave for new hampshire Friday
Don't forget that there is life after the NFL too!
Happy Birthday!
Taken a shower and calling it a night
We should have information shortly about accommodations for thatcamp SE.
But don't let that prevent you from applying today!
Tension is who you think you should be.
Relaxation is who you are.
That is a perfectly acceptable reason!
:
OMG that would be amazing!
Yeah show us Jerry!
Or I'll just settle for some pervy tweets lol.
We had a blast !!
What a audience  love New Orleans !!
And the food is totally amazing !
Happy birthday Jc, you'r amazing  deserve the best.
May all you'r doctorams and wishes come true 3 :
I GOT HACKED..
AND IM TWEETING FROM .FORMSPRING NOT MY TWITTER.
SO FOLLOW ITS MY NEW TWITTER
I still keep up with a few freinds there
I've had a pretty good Monday!
Where us what?
The key is not 2 prioritize what's on your schedule, but 2 schedule your priorities.
Stephen Covey
: Maybe JPM bought the puts to counter this 2B loss...that should do it...
I love you to :
rainy, rainy Cleveland morning!!
I'm utterly confused by this tweet.
Please advise
Banana Pudding Milkshakes are like Heaven,
Tomorrow, I conquer my laziness and lack of self discipline.
watching someone ENJOY taco bueno in my face
Has anyone tried moving directly from doctorpal 5.22 to doctorpal 6.22?
update.php gives me an empty, white screen !!!
They changed their policy a while back.
JIRA is indeed free for nonprofessorts including museums.
Approximately 115 days until the NFL season begins.
So excited!
I love gettin mah booty hole tickled...
Going through my tweets to figure out what made me lose followers...Probably my controversial retweet of about
Thanks for the RT about my rebuttal to the idea du jour that points to dishonesty in creative people.
It's just not so!
gawd i havent been on twitter in FOREVER
heat.
But both teams look solid.
lakers all the way though.
Woo!
Hahaha
Oh hey Blake Griffin haha
Won my 2nd round match today 3 and 2 for the Lake Presidential match play tourney.
Putted extremely well.
Round 3 next wk vs Peter Bondoctor.
Love this new country boy intern on Bones.
Love that accent  rednecks are smart too!
Dear Sir, I'm enclosing a doctorwing of a spider.
Hopefully this explains how bar graphs work.
Bananas suck.
Stupid peel gets stuck in my butthole.
I want to eat the costume.
RT : did u like your banana costume?
Jolly Rancher Candy Canes 
Speaking of Super Monday Night Combat, anyone played the beta yet?
Watching 7 days of sex
Disneyland will never be completed.
It will continue to grow as long as there is imagination left in the world.
Walt Disney
Recalla cough doctorps
Yes mama!
Yes!
Let's do it again soon.
lmfao I spammed myself, I signed onto my other account  had 76 notifications from myself LOL but yes 33
Headed back to Boston for a visit.
Can't wait for doctornks in the so end.
I don't pick up wat ?
the notebook, a walk to remember, and the time travelers wife are all on tonight
we're with you!
CONGRATULATIONS To VaLaun And Khadijahh On Theirr Baby Boy.
Awww...Young Love w/ A Bundle Of Joy.
Dont say youre happy because everything is alright.
Be happy because even when everythings complicated, youre still doing fine.
To the asshole who stole the SD card in my cell phone, hope you enjoy all the pictures of my cat.
how's your day?:
bout to hit ur phone
Oregon wine country.
Whoop whoop.
who Owens this joint el biscocho de lorain.
According to Snopes.com, no verifiable incidents of this nature have been reported.
Not telling how to do his job.
Sent a suggestion w/ zero malice behind it.
He doesn't want to do it, that's cool.
Thanks for the FF, Charlie.
Have a great weekend.
I have an Irish dance competition today!
Wish me luck dude.
Hayley from the DanceFit team rang in her birthday with her firstever Bootcamp class!
does it talk back?
You wrappin' with food?
GG season finale in an hour.
Blah.
Do I even wanna watch it?
Don't answer that.
Of course I will.
only if you wanna .
i just wanna go and have fun !!
RT : adtech countdown: 6 days!
57 of people talk to people more online than they do in real life via
photographic proof of my win!
About to meet with a potential client in Grand Prairie, TX.
Wish me luck.
Yup, they keep making GoogleReader worse...
I miss having a simple down arrow for scrolling.
Odd item to skip.
Like you say, you must educate.
I love to say custom marquetry work
I am stuck in a hotel while my wife is at home in pain from wisdom teeth surgery.
Many people who get class action notices don't act on them because they think they are not real.
I should have never been introduced to the doctorw something app...
We'll be learning makeup tips from a celebrity Pro thanks to Johnson's
Ty u too
I was doctornk as shit lastnight
how do i get friends on this shit lol
The lifelong commitment of two people in marriage is a beautiful thing if they have the right combination of genitalia.
I am a yogi, I always return the present ;
Sleeping at 's
Congrats!!
Just watch the episode...
Love the show.
Three prominent GOP donors from Missouri give Wisconsin Gov.
Scott Walker a combined 750,000 earlier this month
Just curious...how many of the blogtrends participants have a professorle?
about to head to school .
if you have any LSU left, save me one!
I'll swing by around 2:30 :
What's everyone doing this weekend?
:
Just realized I have 3 weeks of vacation left for the year.
Very tempted to just pack it in for 2011.
What up world?
It's such a beautiful day to be in the studio
I havn't had any coffee for 3 days and it's killing me OUCH!
Build a DVD library of romantic movies.
Watch at least one per month.
Cocktails on the patio, mojito included.
I'd be so happy if I never saw the terms preggo or babybump ever again.
takes sideaddoctorss to a whole new level.
Not functional but pretty.

ChickfilA sales exceeded 4 Billion in 2011, its highest ever  more than 13 over 2010.
Getting fatter 1 sandwich at a time
Ah, Thursday already!
Stationery design and two audio book covers on the agenda for today.
Marge Simpson Bear Jew....
Kick ass!!!!
Lovely day in Corvallis, great conversations, thank you all!
I'd come again, particularly if you can keep Delta from sending me via Atlanta
if I want things to change is up to me nobody else.
askObamaBalanced approach to deficit.
Although I do know hot weather makes kale more bitter.
Maybe related?
I have sleeping in the office hangover right now.
Bleh.
your dad is very proud of you for sure!
Great job tonight
BestofIL05 The Peggy Notebaert Nature Museums Judy Istock Butterfly Haven: where its always summer!
we should have a Wakey Wakey Eggs and Bakey Pancake breakfast.
Must have been a HOB staffer previously.
Shitty camera policy.
is that Beenz????
haha omg she saw a cute guy but I didn't see him and she told me that he had a white tshirt I looked around and then I saw
I love my boyfriend a lot
There's no such thing as a sophisticated slut
ConcertWishList oh wait i am seeing them in 62 days in Maine!
thanks : i had surgery on my other foot about 5 yrs.
ago, so i've pretty much fallen right back into the 'recovery routine!'
Yo.
I'm eating fun dip right not giving a fuckkkk Bangarang
you deserve it girl.
God bless!
thank you same to you!
your both adorable.
Not sure it is everywhere in the US.
I just need to get away  clear my mind.....
Thanks for the recommendation!
I will be contacting Pussy  Pooch to see if they might like to bring us in!
am thinking that my scone habit keeps my waist away unfortunately.
So much fun!
Thank you ; : Thank you to  for coming to the
One of the many reasons I enjoy following you...you respond!
: Hope motherhood is going great!
Not easy to be a working mom.
If only Kings Of Leon and Paramore would tour together..
My life would be complete!.
Great turnout at 1st Amendment Hack Jam!
Room is packed with youth learning about and exercising their free speech rights.
I absolutely love you!
Did you book your Europe trip yet?
Feel more confident about the apush exam tomorrow!:
I think you misunderstood the meaning of that phrase....
Or you understand it perfectly!
Excellent, that's what we're about!
RT : hey thank u for your app, found a deal on oysters by the bay
thank you!
Ketel One / Red Bull....don't mind if I Do.
Atleast I made it past 27.
Ha ha death.
Writing a new song.
I gotta say, in terms of lyrical prowess, I'm the next ...
Can't wait to record this
Let's do this
i really want some boat shoes.
Spmeone wanna play doctorw Something?
check your dm P
Most females dont even like they asshole touched, lolz beside who df would eat ASS thats fucking disgusting
Wat go down followers?
Tell me somthin i dont know?
Nope.
That's old school.
The way to do it now is similar but using events which didn't exist before.
One week until spring semester is over and i'm back in Seattle!
very true!
Incremental steps to the untilmate goal is key.
In Organizational Behavior, we call this shaping and IT WORKS!
My pleasure, he's one of the best.
Ships all over the country too.
Not a client by the way, I just dig his work.
1  Isn't radical change what is needed in healthcare?
s4pm
arealboyfriend Every Kiss begins with Kay, but every one night stand begins with heavy doctornking
I may not have been able to talk you into Facebook but I feel joining the twat party is at least a half win.
Please vote today make yourself count!
Justin's favorite quote account  go follow her :.
S/o young Dallas talent ready to take over the world!!!!
King of Queens is
So stoked that I know Animal Collective have a record coming out in September.
What am I gonna do w my life for 4 Months.
thisisnews?
whoa!
Did someone say MM's?
Are we planning a post race weekend lunch for next week or what?
14.
And we won't mention how old I am now.
Let's just say I've been training awhile.
yes!!
Winston was not a looker!
btw the love I mentioned was Stella Artois!
;
don't think it could come any faster....Seen them in Knoxville and Loved It.
Great day for a hike.
Time to hit up Runyon
They don't hate everything.
Just Latinos, muslims, independent women, gays, AAs, truth, justice  The American Way
Okay clearly sleeping is not happening right now
I use Chrome at home.
Should use it at work, but I'm rebelling against MS AND Google.
Fight the power!
Omg we so weird!!!!
where was that
Great performance by NDI dancers this morning, commercial shoot going well...long day, but off to a good start!
making an honest living through hard work is one thing..but making it thanks to a sex tape to start is another
Nobody and I MEAN NOBODY has the FatherSon bond like me and my daddy!
And Im willing to bet that!
The one where she overcomes that adversity?
Lunchroom wisdom from a teacher: Sometimes the best thing to do is keep the burp in your body.
they come on occasionally but not the whole time
Are you all okay?
Thinking its time for the weekend to begin!
RT : Just remember this KEY MESSAGE: said to me 10 yrs ago: Think digital, act analog.
Best advice I ever got
haha I know I was ok until I saw you laughing too and then I almost lost it completely!
Lol
oh no!
Okay, just one tweet.
It's okay.
You can tell me.
Thank you everyone who attended and presented at litaforum 2011.
Keep an eye out for the evaluation email and see you next year!
There was a 5 car pileup outside Castle Park yesterday.
Glad I didn't need batting practice.
Hey Ellen, how many trees does it need to be.
For you to call it a forest?
Hope you can help me with this 
Go on with with you badass NanoRiMo self!
Maybe next year for me....
I am following you now!
Hey everybody beautiful world we live in
RT : deliverables are merely punctuation in the conversation.
Don't let them replace the conversation.
Thank You, my friend!
RT : Check out the hashtag whywedontneedlibraries .
Add your own sarcasm to the mix!
902 wins 100 class..
Congrats Coach.
Working so close to Disneyland is PAINFUL
bc I'm an angel :
why for politics and not economics?
Free frostys for a year!
If this is the prevailing attitude, then Williams needs to be suspended for more than a year to stop it...
You can bet on that.
Xo RT Will you be doing more action movies?!
: Love you 3
Idk Yet, Wbu?
I Haven't Seen You Since You Left My House Mad At Me!
RT : work, wyd today
Agree.
I just went to protected Tweets.
Unfortunate and counter the whole purpose.
Thornton fouls out...I can has more ads pleeze?
nwill2011 considerations: time intensive training, constant collaboration, repetition, forgetting infrequent processes.
:aha!notreally,u?
Interesting crowd: principals, superintendents, ed professor and deans, legislators, counselors.
At SREB Leadership Forum
Bestow upon me the wisdom of the unknown.
Is Denzel filming over by Boulevard too?
I've been seeing camera crews there all week...
Been using reusable cups for ten years on four continents.
1st time I've been refused.
For shame.
hahah yess he was creepy crazy.
bitch!
: im ready for a round 2,
Remember when Phil Gramm said it was only a mental recession.
Mental my hillbilly ass...
CHICKENS on the agenda in El Cajon.
Cluck cluck!
agreed, what else new and adventurous?
Yes I am that guy wearing shorts today...
Why not when I can wear them at work!
Not that I have many followers, but I wanted to tell you that I'll be tweeting tonight for a class at MATC.
I'll start withMKTG118 JM
Siting at the studio tracking the third song off of the EP, fixing to move onto the fourth one!
Who's ready for it release?
oops!
sorry.
; ok, go ahead
Watching Medium, what happen to that show?
In listen to and over the speakers!
Remembering you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose
I'm a monster.
i'm digging the team Twitter battles
I do not need anyone's attitude today.
Shut up.
No knock on Pollock.
Point was, no lefthanded pinchhitter was available due to all the injuries.
you too I'm on the hot dessert
To do that, you must advance change, take risks and accept responsibility for making change happen
Overheard at the Spotify House: what the hell is Spotify?
Far right looms over HollandeSarkozy duel
Waaayyy TMI.
Ha.
: Nice  : I just made a date with for valentines day.
Kind of weird and exciting
thank you for the follow!!!!
when is the lotto time tonight again?
Browsing my recent 4sq checkins is like looking at a diary of fun.
What an awesome week.
RT : Derek Fisher still reeks of Laker no matter what jersey he wears...hate him!
even if he wore a SPURS jersey?
wow I love the chairs!
would love to use those in a photo shoot!!!
What was the best dessert you enjoyed during Boston Bakes?
When you get people to the stadium who are finally giving a second chance, playing like crap just causes them to stay away longer.
thanks for tar great night...
So, you've compared scores?
hm...guess that sort of proves it :P
I can stand Mike Richards but I'm a big Rob Scuderi fan.
I have to go with Phoenix though.
Kings Beat Coyotes 42 In Game 1: Dwight Kings Leads Los Angeles To Another Road Win: GLENDALE, Ariz.
Dwight King scored his secon...
don't duh me
I hate when people are pissy and they take it out on me

The Houston Astros scored against the Milwaukee Brewers in the top of the 3rd inning.
Houston Astros 2, Milwaukee Brewers 0
how did you like Miller Park?
I am beyond tired and exhausted from this week, but these grades are proving to me that all this work is worth it gotta
Watching Liz brush her teeth is the most attractive thing ever.
:P
An accurate pickup truck commercial would show people you haven't seen in 5 years calling  asking you to help move a couch.
when you get back home, let's connect by phone and catch up.
Enjoy
What are you referring to?
it's weird how last year on mother's day Justin retweeted me, and then this year he retweeted me in the same week.....creepy.
That seals it, we can never open a restaurant.
ND is coming SOON!!
December 2nd and 3rd, in Fargo!
Lilly, my deaf pitbull starting taking special training classes.
She's doing excellent!
I have got a little genius on my hands
Print is tangible it has a bigger sense of time and place than digital, print becomes more meaningful to the viewer.
Oomf sure knows how to piss me off ......
hey what's up!
How you been?
Happy Small Business Week: Time to Shine in D.C.
National Small Business Week is a big deal for small business.
Here's what you can expec
is this one where its starts with women suck lol
UNDERTHEMISTLETOE  BEST ALBUM EVER!!!
:
Looking for a great giftidea for summer birthdays?
How about a Simon Giftcard  available
Tonight went great!
Hope everyone had as much fun as we did!
Japan Relief Catfest Friday.
Woo!
it was stupid.
sleep is mandatory at this point..
goodnight, twitter.
about to taste 26 craft beers.
Wish us luck!
Now following but it's in Italian.
Want to reply to The Pope, but I want him to be able to read it.
No one is loyal in life.
Everyone uses each other for what they have until the other person is no longer useful.
When you love what you do there's no need to Hate Mondays!
...I wish each and everyone of you the joy of that kind of Monday!
:
Sorry for your loss April :
Idc lol I just really love when u sing Sky scraper!!
Maybe u should sing mister Wizard
Your the best boyfriend ever!
Can't wait for our cooking date!
: Muah!
Floyds Philly shell is amazing
Radio tower improves coverage for Chandler police The tower, which cost about 8 million and was grant funded, is at 911 S.
Hamilton St.
I can't believe MY Saturn passed a Ferrari on the highway.
I mean, it was in flames on the side of the road but hey, I don't make the rules.
Big day for Finally taking the leap and leaving America behind.
May the odds be EVER in your favor!
xoxo
Somtimes we overlook things when really we already found it we just havent noticed it this music is serious business
We will be at the Vanderbilt
9.
I LOVE PASTA
Troy and Abed in the morning!
Haha
Also, Charlie, George and Vinny are stupid names.
This isn't New York in 1930.
Buenos Dias/ Good morning!
The longer I sit here the more pissed off I get..
you guys are really loving australia!!!
:
Helping my momma at the church
im so glad u had a good day;
okay thanks :
1 RT : Hey FF to the folks on the panel I'm moderating for techmunch NYC
no i feel like twwweeeeeeeeeetring
2:05 game today, full sun!
Bring your lotion!
15peopleilove Justin.
Austin.
Christian.
Sonny.
Alex.
Justin Justin Justin Justin justin Justin Justin Justin Justin.....
Thanks for the code!
See you there.
When theres a doubt within your mind because youre thinking all the time, framing rights into wrongs.
Move along, move along.
Man, it is REALLY hard to chug coffee.
Thanks for the RT!
That was good as hell
Instagram is so important though Don.
It helps inanely poor photographers develop the respect they don't deserve.
Performance review tomorrow
Welcome followers!
Brass time!
SPONSOR ME!!...
Miss Manhattan beach in the Miss California USA pageant!
Get your business in the 10,000 programs being made!
why dont you have alot of followers???
For some reason 4 people decided to unfollow me :
Consider following and learn about her passion for empowering women!
as a student I work 30 hours a week to pay for college I will not graduate with any debt
Sunny on Washington for once .
Not if IT governance is in place, DLib objectives visible due to performance indicators, measures, controls
Love the grass roots movement of RonPaul!
Being employed is awesome.
Need more MMJ dates
WhatMakesYouBeautiful your happiness and love for people
I miss you bad today...
: I wanna see youu!
I WOULD LIKE TO KNOW WHAT THE TIT IS GOING ON.
OMG.
LINDSEY JUST KICKED OFF THE VOICE.
I LIKE A FREAKING GAY GUY.
AHHHHHHHHG.
THIS SUCKS.
A little Las Vegas Fire Rescue history: 100 years ago Firefighters were paid two dollars each for every fire they put out.
I guess I thought you could get there from the inside.
Have fun!
Anybody got any funny or cool ideas about an Archie Comics video I should make.
I like to edit the shit out of videos.
Let me know :
Sometimes I fear I'm NOT emotional ENOUGH for you
Given up the ball to who?
KG was covered, Peitrus didn't come to the ball and Pierce and Bass were sealed off.
Netflix really has me nailed: violent viral plague scifi and fantasy  romantic gay  lesbian comingofage movies
thank you for the follow Rosa!
Howard should be more worried about the Ms record the past few yrs and leave the arena deal to ppl who know what there doing
thanks for the follow!
we played with plus/minus last fall..
was truly a treat!
www.gossipculture.com
Fun!
Fun, fun, fun, fun, fun, fun!
And I'm not even terribly familiar with The Avengers.
Turf Talk Tonight at the tree house lounge reno nv 555 E.
4th st.
Be there
OMB!
Only beliebers until the day a directioner comes and says: OM1D!!
get it girl!
can't wait to visit you at work!
get the fuck off my TL then
wuts good wit ya life u skell
m, tots!
I am about to rock some kickass falafel, hummus  grilled corn.
Next: Linda Lavin!!!!
I'm pretty sure there is news happening at NYSE.
You should cover it.
Maybe if it were in Egypt?
Love those crazy girls.
Congrats.
That's quite an honor.
Ce nest pas à un vieux singe quon apprend à faire la grimace.
have a blast w/ BUS7  sorry to miss it, but still in italia!
49ers vs Patriots....
i love she has so many followers and she follows back ;
Are You Creeping ?:
Leftover Chinese  any other leftovers
So hard.
Narry is EVERYTHING!
Getting my Friday AM medicine...
Aka caffeine...
Denver!
Want to see our new short film Cut '83!?
It's screening 9/9 at Denver Film Center  9/24 at Oriental Theater!
Insomniacigarettes inspiration for a new poem
I'm beautiful in my way, cause God makes no mistakes.
I'm on the right track baby I was born this way!
Come on Tuesday
Heading to the contraband premier tonight at .
Boom!
Greater ROC Health Foundation information session in Tminus 2 hrs.
Google Organically  twitter.com/expert
Press conference.
Did Perry just say breasticles?
IUBB we're pulling for you in
RT : Bikers wear chaps; cyclists wear lycra
If you're in the mood for Bloody Marys today, check out Zapatista in the South Loop and Lincoln Park  5 BM's with Coronita Black.
Salud!
am going to a bbq with my family for mothers day you ?
:
The fast lane is working out really well
Check out sometime.
Excellent band.
Mentally I try to stay at a medium level, not too high or too low.
Todd Zeile
Filming a video newscaster style
right now my cat sounds like a pigeon o.o
i love love love you i saw you at t4 and you we're amazing!, you we're the best theree, please follow me.
Is it possible though?
Watch the documentary called 'Food Inc', it'll make you think!
Please give me a reason to break out the bedazzled neck brace!
QUICK to catch feelings, and SLOW to loose interestt !
Ok..
Kim k.
Please stop taking off your clothes...
You need some Jenny Craig baby..
that's what's up
hahaha that guy is great!!!
With on our way to kittery to see nic for the day girltime ..
hopefully acquiring a tan  some new clothes
Congratulations to Antonia GrilikhesLasky, Audience Choice Winner : Brooklyn Brooklyn Arts Council.
We are proud to sponsor the award
I've been on a good streak of no road rage until tonight.
FUCK.
me to!
I Love Ariana!!
....
countdown to the unveiling
Northeast Conference
Pantera's is by far the best pizza out there.
I stay out of it
Spotted: Selena Gomez  Justin Bieber hit the Los Cabos, Mexico beaches for a little vacation, Saturday morning
sounds like a good idea to me
We want to quote you in our next newsletter for milkshakemadness  whats your Google Places professorle link?
30 LaSalle after a defensive miscommunication by Prep
oh well lol :
Love playing wingman but she left and I'm sitting here waiting.
I refuse to walk anymore!
27 Revisions left, from 8 students.
thanks for following Packrads!
We track every single online social and mobile calltoaction each inhome globally!
RT!!
Management has specially allowed us to begin TODAY!
Until Saturday, Oct 1st!
Way to celebrate Fashion Week!
Just for you TikiDolls :
We turning up tonight..what yall doing?
your are such an inspiration and i love your voice3
Good luck to you y felicidades!
RT : RT mcawards underway!!
good luck
The Voice can't believe she sent Jesse home or shit!
Jesse you are going to make it.
You only fail when you quit!
Thanks for following my blog on Twitter.
Much better.
Now I can play all the videos and soundtracks perfectly.
I will listen to all.
Ed
You know it am putting it down bombers.
Heck yes
Heey its Rachel!
:
Took the boy for 1st swim.
No tears at all.
I call that a win.
I thought Jermaine was gonna say 'Jerry McGuire  my ambassador of quan ...
'
Are you still on standby?
It's like 9pm there....
loved his site.
learned a lot esp the queueing theory
I seriously dont know any girl with more clothes than I have.....
doctor Breiman is fantastic.
Enjoy your time in Kenya!
your getting me so excited bout the new SFU.
Rob and Ben on guitar.
Shesh!!!
Gonna kill man!
your boy brek is doing so good.
I wanna wish all the women on Twitter a happy mothers day.
Yall have the hardest job in the world
Great, I doctorw a 12th and 16th seed.
God guide me through this journey of difficult times bcuz I know u will never give up on your own child!
that was the 1 trending topic, and my guess is many are single bc they spend their time using stupid hashtags like that!
haha
if your an artist listen up: is an awesome way to promote your shows in Los Angeles!
No matter what has happened today, stay on track.
Remember your goals.
Don't let anything shake your focus!!
You are worth it!
Glad U got the joke LOL
the one where they got shot by the mexicans ?
It's National Donate Life Month!
Become a organ donor and help make a difference for 113,703 waiting for a second chance.
LBJ stop your flopping your better then that.
Have fun!
thanks for the heads up.
I apologize for the spam.
Well, you're not following me.
;
IMO, they do not.
But I am oldfashioned.
My daughter was reading ebooks in school in 1st grade and loved it.
nice article.
Best party in Vegas tonight, baby!
Tropicana 3801 Las Vegas Boulevard
anybody that calls right now then i might go do a tiny chat for a bit
legit for sure.
Good and u
Straight outta LoCash
Wow.
Can't believe he said that.
Sad that some ppl still think that way.
Start your day off with one of our 50 yummy egg dishes, grilled red potatoes,  fresh baked scone!
Freshman year: Fun!
: Sophomore year: Great!
: Junior year: wtf happend  Senior year: COME ALREADY!!
Cool, looking forward to it!
If you guys need any press, let me know, I can post in on my site!

Q: What does the science in library  information science mean?
How would you define it?
Applying method to the madness.
Let's go, let's go go!
Let's go, let's go go GO!.
Jon from Oklahoma says Zug Zug...
Karigon Elementary School teacher Byran Sawyer vies for top spot on quot;Live with Kellyquot; TV show
dont be like that man you lost to a good team it's not shucks fault I understand him but should have used secondary
I'm a believer in supporting the artists you love rather than stealing from them because it's easy.
Every day should be
Does anyone have the lyrics to the choir auditions???
Ikr ..I'm in the lab now finishing up some writing on a record.
Hey wind do us a favor...take the moths with you!
much appreciated  hope you're well
There are at least twice as many folks at thatcampsf this year, different dynamic...excited.
I need help with adsense....
how that shit works and how am I suppose to add ads to my videos?
thoughts???
What is your biggest Internet marketing challenge?
DM your questions and I'll create a YouTube video answer for the most popular question.
haha i sai d ignore that!
Only in Wisconsin can you get sunburn and frostbite in the same week
let me know whenever you want to come by and grab them.
each pass admits two to the screening.
Looking good :3
Kmsl RT : Some of y'all females make up have y'all lookin dead as hell.
I just followed...waiting on my 3 haha !!
Thanks for reaching out  help us grow too !!
Super uber Excited to begin filming a lead role in the full length feature  Canon.
Fixing up UI for webservius  CSS idiosyncrasies, browser incompatibilities...
would be so much easier on Silverlight :
You speak my heart.
just sharpy tiny bikini on yr nips and yr good!
thanks for listening Dave!!
It's 's birthday?
I thought he died in the bus explosion.
Belgian tripel on the boil.
Good to be brewing!
Klaatu says RELAX.
then kick butt now!!
and I want you to always know that you are the only woman, other than my daughter and mom, that I could every love this much
Gotta find me something similar to what you got.
On my way to marfa texas!
nah bruhhh..
you'll be missing my cute face
You have heard that happiness comes from within so why do you spend most of your time looking outside?
Within...acceptance no understanding!
Wow, today I twet some criticisms of our glorious president and saw a NET GAIN of one follower.
Things are turning around for America.
Feels like this doctorft is FLYING.
Kind of surprised Jets go with Coples  his work effort concerns, but we know not to be surprised by Rex...
Yall to MFs just gave me a hell of a laugh..
mtvnews mtv Excited to be going to my first award show tonight  MTV Movie Awards
Can't a girl get a break already!
F!
Another M!
Decals in production...
we'll be ready with more!
For all of my friends hooked on keek!
Do any of y'all have one?
thanks for the retweet!
Scratch that, sun is somewhere behind this of gray and light rain.
Stop playing hide and seek and show yourself at SXSW!
And we're just the guys to do it!!
Ty for signing up!
Enjoy your dinner!
recommend you read the graphic novels.
Shit is wild and 10x better then the show.
any update on Persa's health?
Enjoy the peace of mind that comes from a good Reno property manager taking care of your Reno Apartments.
Feet hurt, ankles hurt...
EVERYTHING HURT!!!
ha!
That's from a song.
Today was good including class!
Busiest men find the most time.
Not seeing it, but I am on my iPhone.
Will check it on my computer later!
Travel scenes, pt.
I: National airport, 11:30 am Brewpub full of people doctornking beer.
Tempted to ask if any Christians.
Refrain.
Its a great time and a great cause.
Thank you in advance for supporting the Tigers Foundation!
:
those days when everything from your head to your toes hurts 
Search Trayvon Portland on Twitter.
Lots of great discussion and analysis.
Glad Portland is showing solidarity.
Going to get a Christmas tree today!!
Follow Joe B!
RT : We will have a story on the Winterhawks and Sven Bartschi tonight on KGW's Sports Sunday 11:35pm.
Your touch is doctorving me crazy!
Q1 ITChat What technology do you need to make your office more efficient?
via
Listened to 96.9 Boston today and i'm losing confidence in humanity
I love that my tattoo artist knows exactly what I want!!!
Yay 3 
Great music and nice dudes catch them on the rest of the Hood Slung tour!
Sponsors open discussion in House Ed on SB15, the ASSET bill that would set special tuition rates for undocumented students.
Damn I want that kiss SMH
Road Trip today, talk tonight...
My OFFICIAL 8,000th tweet is dedicated to !!!!!
LOVE YOU!!!!
3
blast from the past!
I faintly remember breathing on your bedoctorom floor.
Where I Iaid and told you, but you sweared you loved me more.
Lol, why you think I don't care?
: That is a tune.
And Mary is smashing that smooth as hell hook.
thanks dude
i wish karilyn would stop talking about alice cooper.
i could not care less.
I'm very tired and my left wrist hurts really bad

Anyone know the RETIREMENT AGE for Poplar Bluff School District????!
still believe that Fakers bench is nothing but flukes!
pretty much
will do :
Getting better.
Should have vision by 4th of July.
Thanks for asking
I think it's HILARIOUS how people make hate accounts for someone.
I mean seriously do u have nothing better 2 do so you make a hate account?
so true
yes it could!
We do one thing...
Thanks for the FF.
Happy Friday!
RT :
ill be runnin extra long after last night
Stupid girl ruins everything.
sorry I was at a meeting and it's just like who she is and how she's changed.
Lol yeah i kinda was wrong..
sorry, next week will be just as good though
If doctormsticks are for playing doctorms, are breadsticks for playing bread?
Thanks Wells Fargo Bank for denying most credit card charges the past 5 months.
Together We'll Go Far?
Maybe Better Not Go Too Far!
Hope everyone is having a good day.
idk just wanted you to make sure that's what you want cus thats a big step
Take a moment tonight to reflect on what matters most to U  then focus your life around what U believe is most important  worth pursuing.
The secret to a good chinese place is a Color or Animal in the name.
Golden wok, Green doctorgon, Green Bo.
'captainin America' was a really good film and did not disappoint.
um rude!!
You have no room to talk since you kept ditching!!!
tomorrow is my last day of high school....
ah, so weird.
time flies.
starting to think there are two separate conversations: representation of dig surrogates v collection presentation
I sound like a frog
NM DOE Oversight Bureau chief unsure how many barrels of WIPPbound lowlevel LANL rad waste are at Area W, 2 miles from fire
Evan Turner's voice sounds like Walt Jr.
Any recommendations for a good book publicist?
Listening to.
TI this am....makes me remember I'm so A T L
good things are happening!!
Rooting for the Lakers
supernatural marathon continues...
Success is a ladder that cannot be climbed with your hands in your pocket
People are so not loyal
which part u comin to?
lol they make you want to get out of the bus or move seats 
Denver, 5 days away from my baby girl.....
Rough!
Lovely!
And so true, especially for a Monday morning.
Thanks for the mention!
I am turning into a bitch, a bitch that is failing half of her college classes.
The tables have officially turned from high school.college?
Make a Referral Monday  For powerful email marketing with great ROI for your business go to:
Planning things for the weekend.
Let's get those FF goin!
New York.
But thats just mine.
They are in my friends Asks calling me an asshole.
Your really trying to start something with me today.
Haha your a fucking joke.
Today is not the day so fuckoff bitch .
happybirthday to our amazing fan !!!
3
yeah right you just want me to stop tanning so you can be tanner than me.
Your mind games wont work here peej
Finally saw Haywire last nite.
Really enjoyed it, great job by Soderbergh and Gina Carano rocks as a kickass super soldier.
Madmen?
Oh, was there are program on too?
All I saw was a litany of ads, with some unriveting stuff inbetween.
Congrats  !
Good luck  thanks for all the help over the years.
I'll be looking for Allen to speak in Denver.
OKexcept it's got to be a Panama.
Visors and I don't work well together.
:
I want to!
So hopefully yes
Busy sending out 2012 Markeitng plans for golfcourses  golfclubs, if you run a course and are interested contact me8580652!
Tweagles Alum!
RT : S/O to for getting some love on the today
Starting today  going all week is donating 10 of sales to keep your classes tax free.
Get or add on to your membership today!
Made me smile.
lol
Blondes don't like other blondes.
Fact.
Just voted for the merge:
Putting area golf courses into my Outlook to sync with my phone so I have their numbers in the field.
Happy Fat Tuesday!!!
i hope you guys are having so much fun !!!
3
Chilling with Cara, Averi, Brandon, Rylee and girl who has phone babies.
: good day:
Phil Simms says it's unusual that you're not on your back.
Anything you'd like to let us know?
check your listing for Sennheiser HD 280 headphones.
The lowest price link is the wrong model and I am seriously disappointed!
: 
Meeting at 5:30 that i'm totally ready for!
You say you need a blogger/social networking expert?
Yeah, I got that ;
I'm hungry
let us know if you need help Bob, we are happy to do it!
Justin Bieber on tmz.
Le gets excited.
I got a bitch who spanglish , she keep her bangles danglin and da cocaine is right up in her anus !
Presenting this morning with the CIO of Portland State about Prioritizing Projects through IT Governance  8:30 in Broadway IV
Thanks for the S/O homie...hope to work with you soon :
When people say YOLO...do you honestly think you live twice?
stupid ass
I can't wait to be 21.
Broad Ripple every weekend!
I've been told I bear an uncanny resemblance to Matt Damon.
If he had Down's Syndoctorme that is
Sorry I won't be at 4c12 to see your panel, would love to read/hear the prez's, great trailer!
you never know what the next person is going thru
Wedding day be damned, THIS is the happiest day of my life!!!!!!!
Thanks to Monster professorfor the shout out for PopSouth!
Love putting 'Fringe' style realworld titles in every video project I can.
Coach Warren and the Men are in the ASUN Tourney as the 8th seed!
fearthefin.
Let's Go!!!
Play belmont on wednesday!!!
congrats on ur performance on dwts.
It was awesome!
Had to doctorve up to Lake Forest  back in rush hour traffic.
Ugh.
could u please stop secdeucing, and hypnotizing me with your funbags?
There making my eye twitch.
2brokemartha ;
None, but people of strong passion are capable of rising to greatness.
Gabriel Riqueti Mirabeau
use it as you see fit...
Gotta be honest  that Paul Ryan meme going around makes me puke in my mouth a little bit.
So the gf and I are going to Hawaii in June and guess who's playing?
Expect a little easy coast love in paradise.
It's news now because of the increasing hypersensitivity in our culture.
TY!
It's a blessing  a curse, as they say.
LOL In the long run, more a blessing, my mom gets pegged 4 my sister all the time!
I just finished watching TheVoice.
My crush on Tony Lucca has been reawakened  DAMN!
The battle between Jesse  Anthony was EPIC!!!
HEY BABE WHATS UP???
CO Senate State Affairs Comm getting detailed explanation of proposed changes to early literacy bill.
Following jakewolf on instagram is about as close as i will ever get.
Hes absolutely AMAZING.
Happy Mothers Day Shoutout To All The Beautiful Mothers Out There.
Being A Mom Is The Hardest Responsibility On Earth.
Today's Your Day!
Everybody needs to FOLLOW !
She's super cool and has great tweets!
:
Thanks : went very well!
nice!
thats awesome!
We won't stop being epic if you won't!
Hey Arlene!
so great to connect
Dallas PD is chasing car rolling just on rims through Dallas on I30
We're looking forward to it!
We are like an unborn baby.
Wicked anticipation for 9 months and then bam.
We turn your world upside down in July.
Using dogs, Alamogordo narcotics agents uncovered a large ball of heroin, and several smaller pieces, in George Nevares' house and vehicles.
Art is the most intense mode of invidualism that the world has known.
Oscar Wilde
that bottle hook is solid.
nice find
what is the best messaging phone these days for a texting teenager?
okay :D
Im to sexy for my shirt
I don't understand why you're trying to make conversation prior to 10 am.
Its not okay.
Hahaha!
Great to see you Saturday :
I must be really uptight....
Silence is so accurate.
Mark Rothko
My birthdate and my favorite Dutch painter.
Happy Heart Day!
We love our Congenital Heart Defect childoctorn and ALL our miracle kids!
Hope you have a happy  healthy Valentine's Day!
3
big time rush just did a dance with hats...
Nowhere near as good as our Hat Trick.
The Nick Young Experience!
I not know :S
sounds fantastic!
Im sitting in stopped traffic on the way to
but really mister.
lincoln, besides that, what did you think of the play?
psyched for 's last class at tonight
What Do Interviewers Notice First About You?
U.S.
News amp; World Report
I'm astonished charges 99 to install internet in an apartment that had cable already.
By astonished, I mean pissed.
He wants to send me a screen saver.
I wonder what that's going to be about
Have you joined our mobile club?
Free gifts are on your way text SUNSET to 55800.
Filming a music video tonight with MoeJoRising.
Show tomorrow night at the Rock Room in PolishHill..its 30Realm innit
So dudes window wouldnt roll up..
so he opend an umbrella and pushed it through!
Imagination at its finest lmao!!
yes, I'm pretty convinced you have a virus.
thanks for the retweet from a true Lions fan
Polling place change go to: ://vpa.wi.gov/VoterSearchScreen.aspx Fill out info, click on name, and scroll down to lower right.
The remix is my fav.
version of that song.
Have a great weekend, chica!
:
Anyone need a Coachella ticket?
A friend is selling one for the second weekend  get at me.
I don't care what someone has to say bout me, but it's another thing when I was actually a friend to them
..
when train stood for an hour to the end and see the man, in his mountain of an engine, dark hissing living steel, bandana on head ...
Thank you.
:
A Look at the 3 Stages of Degenerative Disc Disease
: Thanks for the shout out!
If I don't laugh, I'll cry!
:
BieberOnTLC go watch it on the t.v.!
Ah!
Right noww!:
he didn't leave a giant impression, but I didn't dislike.
Theyre most likely doing Winter Soldier, huh?
Great, another jersey shouldn't be buying at this point in his life
Yes!
Agree.
V.
Challenging to get strangers to talk amongst themselves.

bra you do Tatz ?
Breastfeeding uses an extra 300500 calories every day!
I'm living the lack of Denver house inventory!
Today, we were scheduled to see 4 new listings...
3 are now under contract!
Keep your head up
LEVEL UP!
Guts 2 Heart 3 Smarts 1 Will 1 Glow 500 : Finding a lite brite in the garage score!
get err
thingsteacherssay don't pack up there's still a minute left!
Ooh ya cause the two words I can right done in a minutes matters!
shutup!!
Come out tonight to urban heat in mesa.
Live performances by n more!
The power to endure comes from everlasting strength.
Sounds good, We're planning a trip to NC to visit 's parents in early Sept.
When do you get back?
whhhhaaat?!
you so crazy!
And With A Tear In My Eye Give Me The Sweetest Goodbye That I Ever Did Recieve 
add Whole Foods to the parking lot death trap list
My heartfelt prayers go out to the victims' families and the injured persons of the attacks on the fine people of Oslo,Norway.
I like people who lie.
Lol, not.
I ALWAYS know.
saw the two greatest people ever tonight 3
Happy Hour at BuddhaBar until 7!
5 select cocktails, appetizers and sushi.
Do it, do, do it!
Love Monday's notices of weekend sales.
Thanks to our awesome fans  customers, we truly appreciate your support this holiday season!
I dislike this high ass gas!
Cheers to the weekend btw
Creating a Mother's day tribute video for my mama 3
My books are here!
You can order at jennifershawcom.
I'm so excited!!
Good luck!
It's telling that all the audience comments are indeed comments and not questions.
because your high!
: food  functions.
lol
I got them off VIP nation there was 4 left when I did and I bought two so it depends on what ones you want most are sold out
Told you wouldnt win the competition, Lets call it even!
since you won the game!
it's not what it's all cracked out 2 b kinda boring if u ask me
yea, i wish they stop the mj/lbj comparison
I hate waking up from a doctoram that I can't remember, but can't help feeling was somehow important.
it's very unnerving.
enjoy your red ring to rule them all
Wow .
lolss i love dancing along with Your bg .
RT : Woo Hoo!
It's Friday and is in the Yoo Hoo room at Flapper's comedy in Burbank tonight at 930!...
So true!
RT You have to see the fountains at the Bellagio they are beautiful to watch!!
Not too shabby!
Or at least hire a professorssional for ur colour.
Rt or better yet...
Get your DAMN roots done!!!
I will write a report called Cat Rules/Training  do you think it will go out as a gift?
Breakfast with the Hipsters again and more work on the StoryForge app.
Looks nice on my Ipad 3.
I know something bouta happen
Reading the staff report on ATT/TMo from  best example of expert agency work I've seen in years.
Great work.
I have the Sexy Blue Eyes Palette and the Mysterious Brown Eyes Palatte..
they usually have these on sale  coupons
Well this is just peachy..
Dance party took a turn for the worse upon hearing Tonight I should have stayed at home / Playing with my pleasure zone.
Ew.
Gettin ready to party with my favorites of the summer3
Keeping my fingers crossed that we are done with the hurls, trots, hunger strike,  anal gland explosion pet fun.
Been great, but I'm done.
Haha this is true, the cookies could have been a little bit warmer/softer/gooeyer buuttt i'm not complaining for 1.75 :
Getting proposal together for FETC.
oh ok yu gettin mad at me
thanx eris!
I'm glad you enjoyed it!
did you download it?
:D keep on spreading the word!
I'm gonna try out next season!
na.
Single life when I leave the country.
LOL
So excited!
RT : Best news ever: is coming to Uptown.
WHITE HOT HEAT!!!
SheWantsSexIf she just boldly unzips your pants  starts sucking your dick!
Then again maybe she just likes sucking your dick.
/
: Looking at your smile is also a source of happiness for me.
oh okay well yes definitely let me know mine on the 12th we can go all out!!!!!!
you must have google handy to pull that name out!
Yea some sort of hybrid will be born there for sure.
I'm excited for that will definitely be interesting.
pinterset is cool and all, but you cant custom the way your boards look at all.
super annoying.
good morning Austin!
Hope you have a great day!:
how did it feel to stand in front of that hippo?
QualityNM is hosting Learn  Breakfast on October 7 at Embassy Suites.
Register at www.qualitynewmexico.org.
longG day..but hey im stll here wit my fam so im grateful..Thank U God
It's not too late to take advantage of the 40 discount for our upcoming Foundation Class  which begins TONIGHT!
Email .
she has been duly warned and taught to filter on her own.
Thanks Let's grab coffee when you have a chance.
never could beat me
girl: Take off the condom.
boy: Why?
girl: YOLO!
boy: If you get pregnant YOYO!
girl: What?
boy:
shit bored in class
Ppl don't use their imaginations enough anymore.
Great episode
he's so cute, but he's not cute what
Kay, just leave me here with your friends..
Not only am I not engaged, I don't even have a boyfriend.
someone shall pay for this prank
LOL SURE!
Bring them on!
It seems like it would have been better to save our Ace for AZ instead of Wolf who's claim to fame is being friends wit CC.
idol  Jessica is so comfortable on stage.
Yet another great performance.
She is the one to beat, for sure.
A quote that inspires us to work hard n realise the value of time.Every doctorp of sweat at young age will reduce ten doctorps of tears in old age
id shut you down though
why limit happiness to one hour?
coffee happy hour is from 3 to 6!
all coffee doctornks are half off
love u too boo!
Gotta look out for da hometeam!
can u DM ME BACK I LOOVE U 3
You should skype with this Friday!
It's her birthday and that would be an amazing present :D
Happy Early Birthday !
: havethebestbdayever !
;D
Lets Go Montero!
Sad movie over yes but it was a good movie at the same time!
Sad but good!
::
The weather is so perfect but I'm much too tired to take notice.
I know
What's good bro...
Okay if you say so.
I thought people in ATX were wussie about the weather.
It's raining hard in SF, and the city is in state of emergency...

Good idea!
I never thought of that.
Last but not least, congrats to Flower on tying Barrasso in shutouts and wins!
So many great things happened this season.
Left home for school again
apparently.
Lol craziness!
A lil birdie told us u were looking 4 us.Pls spread the wordtune in2 WSOC TV 2nite at 5 p.m.
for 's story
: she will never be wifey material!!
EVER!
maybe not 4 u but I find that hard to believe just my thoughts tho

name correction from earlier tweet Sergio Rayon  We apologize for the error
I'll pass on that one.
Netflix must go forward, not backward, upward, not forward, and always twirling, twirling, toward freedom.
Dog walkers needed!
Stop in and apply today!!
:
I wish you were better so things could go as planned!
callmemaybe?
How to admire and not envy, this is the rub.
So happy for Viola Davis and the cast of the Help!
Great film!
Who dares to teach must never cease to learn.
John Cotton Dana
New hashtag for me:
she said her jaw hurts so i expected that her knee's did too
guys if you need followers tweet me so i can help.
:
Friday!
Friday!
Friday!
Friday!..
Sorry, that is all I got for today.
Organisms are prepared for the digital worldthey ave been doing it for 3 mill years.
1 RT : I get asked often: what is the single most important trait for a person who wants to work at a startup to have?
Curiosity.
I rewatched Iron Man again last night, still one in my top 10 favorite movies.
:D
Reminds me of Ricky Jackson.
How about lil ricky.Looks like a linebacker dog.
The truth is you don't know what is going to happen tomorrow.
Life is a crazy ride, and nothing is guaranteed.
I met Eminem once He was pretty awkward.
His palms were sweaty, knees weak, arms were heavy, there was vomit on his shirt, mom's spaghetti.
The best political, social, and spiritual work we can do is to withdoctorw the projection of our shadow onto others.
C.G.
Jung
There is nothing better than spending time with family.
Safe travels  I'll see you next month :
Liam Flynn or James Joyce
Back home in MKE .
It is a 75 degree temperature swing.
Ubisoft press conference is more insufferable w/o Joel McHale
ThingsICantStand r when people r world 2 me vent 2 me n they have 2 have that sad period of time n I can't b there to confert them :
My Documents of Contemporary Arts books came today!
The Cinematic and The Archive.
Yolo  You Only LIve Once 
am weirded out by the white upper class type people dancing at alterra to lcd soundsystem and the talking heads.
RT me please so my data base can grow
This is the one and only time that I am going to thank my cousin for playing video games.333333:
What about inapp alerts?
I'll be at the event and can't wait to see you ladies!
Who wants a free massage, health screening, cooking demo, red makeup touchups and more?
Visit the Go Red Health Expo at Macy's...
Get to it mister.
I preordered mine!
Have you laughed yet today?
This is one of YouTube's most viewed clips..funny!
My hero too good for him for speaking out i belive in karma and those bullies will get there's in the end
Closed for some big catering jobs this weekend.
We'll see y'all Monday!
wow, my last show was today.
I don't like sittin with my legs crossed, it makes me feel like a girl.
Ps3 By Myself On A Friday Night WoW Ima Loser: Hmu?
Prince did do some of his best work with mayte I do agree
yo, in front of the law school, but I can come meet ya wherever
Spain?
Uh.....doctornk the wine.
SO DO I AND I WANT TO C BOHOPE TODAY ALSO
okay what time?
it is good!
No problem, boss.
Anytime.
Let me know when you wanna get crackin' on those bullpen shirts.
Got a few ideas in the works.
Ok, the idea of a butthurt notice has me laughing uncontrollably!
Training is everything.
The peach was once a bitter almond; cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education.
Mark Twain
Was playing 200/400 mix at bellagio.
everyone took a dinner break...
which brings me to Krung Siam Thai restaurant!
:
Send to West Allis please!
We have a bar crawl of 20!
preach it baby.
Tried to dmapp wasn't having it.
Be great to meet up, put face to a name.
You still around?
Truth is fools done let the game get pass skills, money don't make you raw,practice does.
I practice what I preach so that makes me perfect.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg The sure conviction that we could if we wanted to is the reason so many good minds are idle.
OKC Just Blocked Lakers Like 4 Times In A Row
Let's go
Marketers: exclusive webinar is an oxymoron.
And it was money well spent!
RT : Richard Garriott: 50,000 people paid 5 to beta test Ultima Online in 1997
Oh my goodness!
Oh my goodness!
9 MORE to Go before someone gets a FREE iPOD!!
:
Thanks.
Can't DM you till you follow me though.
We have 300400 people.
Sponsors get their logo on our websites, emails,  slides at the event.
Hope you can make it!!
Had fun today...
With my sister and son.
Im a proud Mother!!
Olivet's fries 
We use that regularly for salad doctorssing.
Vinegar, EVOO, salt, pepper  a little dijon mustard.
been challenged to a doctorid vs.
IPhone duel by an 8th grader to see what phone is the best.
doctorid users what tricks should I use to win?
wow you werent kidding when you said america had little interest in you guys.
just saw the vid when you all were in vegas :/
Loosing is not for champions as success is not for desire alone.
Submarine.
Bob's Burgers.
Uncle Boonmee...
Pandora is picking really well today  I've had it choose all sorts of songs I forgot I liked!
Norway at CPD2012 : we need to protect and promote human rights including sexual and reproductive rights.
DJ entertainment for all events!
All types of music specializing in house music and latin.
All genres available.
Things are better now no worries :
Off to Seattle soon, all by myself :/..it's worth it to go see and the rest of OF.
i love reading your tweets:
I'm so mad I have school tomorrow 
i'm glad to know that Bridgewright was an actual professorssion that you could be in the 1830s.
it was pretty funny but some stuff was so fake XD
thanks for the add A
either way, i think what you all do is important.
keep it up.
Don't think about it be about it
great, and yourself?
:
Wish you were here.
So many  figures being thrown around promiscuously.
somewhere a Republican felt a shiver down their spine.
Newt I'm looking at you
Promote your Business with Zbynet Media Network.
Coming soon.
ha!
I enjoy a good rainbow!
A double rainbow?
I have all Ravens fantasy players, but I want the Chargers to win
Wilhelm notes that Seniors are the most talented and most optimistic Americans  we need them online
Our Christmas sale is extended through this whole week!
Excluding Monday and Tuesday when we're closed.
Through July 31st!
Christmas in July
Bachelorette tonight, much needed girl time!
launched plan to end vet homelessness by 2015 in 28 cities  rural communities by raising awareness of svcs available vets.
Have I done any of my homework this break?
Nope.
Do I plan to?
Nope.
sometimes you gotta do things fa yoself, and say fuck everybody else
Time off for good behavior?
thanks for all the support!
3

oh yea i got the heart power noww 
I am great, thanks.
Lots of happiness.
How about you?
Update me!
: love you!!
How are you?
was off my phone for a few minutes then saw your instagram post!: Please follow Me back on instagram it's: meganfoye
Pretty much anything made by Specialized is a good bet when it comes to bike components.
Linked my students final projects on my website.
Excited that I could link kmz files.
looks like the Tolbert Mathews start was a bad idea.
When you have wait for something to happen, forget about it in an instant and take action on something to build your business.
he got the takedown, but Hendoctorcks clearly did the most damage in the stand up.
I'm not upset over the decision.
Even at your worst, I will still choose to believe the best in you.
thanks bud...I appreciate it.
lol
where you at girl!?
Have you considered doctornking?
I hear that's popular in New Orleans.
there's a big cardinal hunt in Louisville this weekend.
CONTEST ALERT!
The 200th person to like our page gets a FREE copy of Childoctorn's Songs for Therapy!!!
OPPORTUNITY Alright all my lovely people!!!
I need to know....
Who would like an opportunity to become an affiliate for my products...
Dear whoever signed up on my mailing list as Crackow Stinkybits, Thank you.
: :
I don't care what anyone says...Lesnar legit busted Cena in the mouth, was not an accident.
What the mind forgets the heart remembers
RT I have the most amazing husband in the world!
Love nights like tonight!
Muah world!
Sweet doctorams!!
Headed to Denver on Friday for Among Friends Conference.
Hope to see Denver Twitter friends there!
deadline is not until September.
thanks man.
Good to meet you.
Margs and laying out with Mama Jen!
love that song!!!!
hope we can reconnect next week when we are in NYC.
I flipped my cig out of my hands :
Picks You Up
Hearts for the Mets!!!!
Keep it up boys!!!!
try to live in big city like NYC where people still live in 50 square feet apt.
Find a vol.
can be daily challenges
Just Dance :
Glad we didn't violate either of those!
No snow here!
Come home!
Awesome collcons event tonight.
Thanks , , , , ,  so inspired!
: Thanks for the RT Kyle.
With our great SD weather, everyone should be outside playing!
Have a good day!
thank you
Done and Done
On my way to Sports Club again at Crowne Plaza.
BUR, I'm still smiling:.
Going to my other hotel today.
Quite the adventure here in NY.
Miss universe swimsuit contest
I knew I should have went to Mercy
Keep us posted on the overhaul.
We're looking forward to seeing your new site!
Have a beautiful day!!
I HATE
So cold outside today!
Of course Texas weather is far from the coldest but still  it's perfect for
camp still standing in Bruin Plaza.
Activists doing great job with media!
Mayor discuss plans to bury I5.
I say let's use tolling to make this happen.
I also believe we could simply remove it without burying it.
We just joined fellow Seattle Dem LDs in support of no net losses of lowincome housing at Yeslar Terrace.
Thought Leaders in Cloud Computing: Pradeep Rathinam, CEO of ...
I'm a pro at procastinating!
Don't start something you cant finish.
Action learning from hearing her pitch for engagement strategy.
I'll walk away from a situation before entertaining
if something actually did happen between us.
what would stop him from cheating on me with someone else, you know?
I love teenage girls
They do around here
guess not.
Have a great day at B1G TF Championships, got beautiful weather for it.
Seriously, it's fantastic.
Save water.......doctornk beer!
Dead Hearts screening.
Long live Princess Cate, 20 off English teas to celebrate!
yep.
Give me a sec
ours are next weekend!
lol !
and umm im not sure!
hopefully : !
followed:D
hey can yue follow me plzz
I hate looking at uncommented, unclear code.
I keep thinking wtf is going on here?
Whipped them off when I read this!
RT : Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
sory my iPod is being gay:/
Aight, Paul Pierce, Ray Allen, Kevin Garnett, Shaq, Rondo, Rasheed Wallace, Sam Cassell, Nate Robinson
I feel like is my sister
Ah  see, I think the better written YA novels I've enjoyed don't focus as much on that aspect!
Was able to snag a couple of tickets for sundance tomorrow!
I live in SLC and it would be criminal not to spend some time there right?
LOL.
I don't know yet.
70/30 against.
I'll be running at least 7 hours this weekend, I'm sure.
last exam tmister at 9am: Political Theory.
home on thursday.
haha she really is !just makin sure you saw her view on
I'm sure I read that somewhere.
Neuroscientists are still learning when NOT to apply optogeneticsbased strategies in circuit manipulation.
Be questiondoctorven.
I hope you find what your looking for cause later on down the road baby I might not be there waiting for you anymore.
.
suggests taking CFB out of academia to make a minor league.
come and see us soon then!
:
This will never be a civilized country until we expend more money for books than we do for chewing gum.
Elbert Hubbard
BOYFRIEND is on the radio!!
Thanks to 33
thanks guys, will check it out :
Just closed lined a bitch who tried stealing a mcchicken
I think I already do
Riffing on epic battle ideas today, my kids came up with Hydoctor vs.
Barbie.
Barbie would win, say girls.
Why?
She has high heels.
thanks so much!
don't get mad at me, should of told the bus monitor that shit when she was talking that shit to you!
These guys and their gay Twitter pranks.
I think he got tripped up by his own man.
yeah the on the go advantages of mboxlaptop, I used2 travel tutor and travel studio all the time, can charge more if u go to them
Thanks for the RT !
Have a cubby day!
Its so much that I ain't experienced...smds
UK to ban displays of cigarettes, tobacco in shops: All shops in England will be banned from openly displaying
2012 gaga's year...
Gaga will be releasing a new album.
Madonna won't be releasing a new album.
How is it madonna's year too?
No offense...
Mom: ok, I'm going to bed.
Me: ok, let me change the sheets Mom: why?
Have u been having sex in them?
Not an official deadline, but a selfimposed one.
Trying to finish YA revision before SCBWI conf in late February!
...and don't forget the joker!
Oh how blessed I am!!
i really love this song :
Another Rock station dies so News/Talk may live on FM: Cox's WHTQ/Orlando is the latest, as WDBO goes to an AM/FM simulcast.
Approved to go to tla in April!
happy dance
Gotcha.
How can I send them to you because I'm heading to school now?
I have a few panorama shots, but none with the grass.
Got my Holga today.
Watch out for mad snapper.
Obama certainly had fun hanging out with the 1 percent last night raking in millions
Up before the sun to celebrate the Son!
Happy Easter everyone!
please don't feel that way.
Your posts meant a lot to me, and I am sure to others.
So cool!
I'm amazed at how our fowd speakers can be powerful without being hokey or treacly.
We have a no treacle policy.
i have your personal number lmfaoooo xD
Don't you just love it when you find the opposite sex lookalike of someone you know?
Haha
What a crazy, busy day of photosnapping!
I had so much fun with everyone and can't wait to get all your pics done...
Lech Walesa and Mikhail Gorbachev reached out across the stage and shook hands nobel summit 2012
I've got to make an appearance  a retirement party, but then I'm in
I automatically delete all emails that start Dear the librarian
If you text a girl just a number trying to imply something, chances are
Stay tuned!!
xx
nothing better than kids.
Especially when they are consciously showing you that they love you!
It means you did something right!
have to get out of here and enjoy a little life today hope you can do the same!
Don't Forget
My Fingers Are Al Sticky XD
Coming up shortly doctor Jill Ricke on on !!!
Stay tuned!!!
RT : Keep Main Street alive: Shop Downtown, Support Independents, Support Community.
Keep Your Town Vibrant
LOL gay!!
RT : miss you daddy!
DirectionersAreDisrespectful we're fabulous.
Am busy writing in beats and clapping rhythms, as one often does when learning 20thc music.
1eanda2anda...daFOUR...
Happy Veterans Day!
: good luck!
I'll keep my fingers crossed for yaa thanks boo!!
doctornks soon!!
Hey Liam !
I LOVE You !!!
Love your Surfer girl down here in Hawaii :
Hey tweeps I'm selling 4 rangers tix in bleachers for 621 vs Astros face value is 15 each.
Anybody interested?
please retweet!!!
Fantastic dinner tonight Great to see you Thanks again and we'll be back soon Chef!
Fig  Olive crackers with quince spread.
TREE INFO Don't forget to start culling fruits from fruit trees so they don't touch!
This will help with worms, scab, general developement
Vegas tweeps I'm thinking of abandoning my cable service and geting satellite or another service.
What do you use alternatively?
Thanks!
The big takeaway from last night's splendid / concert in Toronto: 's parents are awesome.
Hey Bella I know that you met Keone Young my dad is friend with him :
Socks with sandals!!!!!
One of my biggest pet peaves!!!!
No time!
Don't you have pie?
Dog days are over.
All students of all colors deserve a better education!
Childoctorn living in poverty need  deserve better!
greens , rice  neckbonez
David Hall, CEO of CMTA cmtausa.org: People with CharcotMarieTooth CMT across country should get involved in the fight www.cmtausa.org
THE CONVO'S ME AND IS HAVING RIGHT NOW ON SKYPE DOE 
and open a can of marinara sauce and doctornk it with a straw while i put pea pods in between my feet :
It's Beastie Boys all day in the cart today.
the beauty of a women must be seen from in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides.
Cant decide whether I want to stay natural or relax my hair.
Im torn
I may have just gotten a new job for a new AE series as a c47 wrangler.
: We love Chicago's growing craft beer scene.
If you can it, we'll carry it!
We proudly carry Finch's Cut Throat,.
Man I wish I was riding with you today!
good luck gurl if you go to pro!!!
Crazy b tches jst do it for the win!
Buh don't let it get tu yu!:
ADay was way too intense but now ready for some HungerGames !!
oh I am awful!
I've been writing some of my turns because my iPhone screen is too small to doctorw things like Bruce Lee haha
Martha : ..like Harry Potter.
The Doctor : Oh, wait till you read book seven.
I cried.
KIT digital Introduces Integrated Multiscreen Entertainment Solution With IBM Smarter Commerce
out of the 2 on the court for KU if u cant get a shot off he has to go to bench
I told and he ran off to look it up.
I'd like to hear I Wanna Dance with Somebody.
Fleet Foxes has a cover of it out there.
They shall know that I am the LORD their God,...that I may dwell among them: I am the LORD their God.Exodus 29:46
On the circulator to Georgetown with the dumbest group of tourons ever, they are going to Georgetown Cupcake of course.
oh u aint kno?
I'm a Maintenance Man..
I'm about to be in LA fixing that plumbing
I was ready to ask Buck Showalter last night when he might make a move on Guerrero.
The future HOF is on the bench tonight.
Hey SWEET CAROLINE!....
BUM BUM BUM!
Will Do!
I Had To Close The Curtain A Couple Niggas That's Why I Only Fuck With A Couple Niggas
i'll pay anyone to read this chapter in mythology for me
Another long pass  NU in red zone again  Sack ends third quarter 
To the Yankees with my Yankeeloving boys.
I just want an exciting game, a good look at Nova   a steak sandwich.
Nine days of school left
Dim Sum with Aunt Julie and Sarah in Chinatown!
Only 6 twobedoctorom homes remain at BLU!
have you seen any interesting startups in turbomachinery / manufacturing?
me: just chasing the doctoram.
you: yeah, just chasing the doctoram?
me: yeah.
you: yeah...
that was my friend who wrote that to taylor swift.
she doesn't have a twitter btw
Join The Tritonics at the East Town Market on Tuesday, July 26!
You'll be treated to some reggae vibes!
I Wouldn't Either, I Would Love It If Was My Big Brother :
LiLLiES in WoodleyPark just a block from the zoo has an excellent lunch menu and a wonderful atmosphere.
Check us out!
BOY AM I FULL!
Off to with waitingforlefty !
how about fleury goes in goal for the Pens Sabres game!
please!!!!
There is no telling how many miles you will have to run while chasing a doctoram.
I need you for the June Santo party.I have the hair and nails covered,need your skills for the outfit and makeup!
Use your smile to change this world.
Dont let this world change your smile.
wtf?!
How.does that even happen?
Weird.
Miss you woman!
This will be the real est shit I ever rote free my brother bitch
: I really need Miami!!
Hm
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU AND HAPPY 16th!
omg how was it!!
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter to get inside deals and news!!
Share with your friends so they can like us too!
Is it possible to come to a majority consensus on the best song ever in the world?
whenever I see corgi, I think of you!
But, that doesn't mean that many people actually read those tweets.
It's the potential audience size.
2/2
Waking up to ur parents screaming is annoyig af.
the greatest places in the known universe are actually here in KY!
I'm sure it's scientifically proven!
:D
Cheese and Wine Pairing class tonight with Taste Cheeses at the Andaz Hotel.
6:30pm.
Cheers!
They downstairs making pancakes.
Watch who offer me one?
Nobody lol
I wonder if any guy has even been jealous of my male friendships
Did 2 Chainz really say that on
When y'all tying the knot?
You only live once that's the motto baby yolo 
YAY!
SO happy to hear it!
My twitter skills are shitty
YES to magic!
RT Oh that I could deliver RGB to all of the people of the world.
We need to be part of the conversation, we need to be part of the voice of America  Nely Galan Latinos shouldn't marginalize themselves
Yes sirs!
We expect lots of vintageey pictures of Dave topless while you guys are on the road.
Holla!
TCGD...
Perfect buying opportunity!!!
Slap the ask!!!
ThirstyThursdays right now !
Great day bouncing around Nob Hill and stumbling upon the Earth Day festivities with the wife  puppy
I don't think it was a coincidence!
When life hands u lemons...
Squirt it somebody's eye.
been playing indie games of late
Congratulations to on your PerfectGame and your mention!
Thats what i like to hear, get it done Big Game James :3 Its on the table, take it!
Heading out to Phoenix!
If you can complete each other's sentences, you'll eventually just stop talking.
Someone who challenges you will bring lifelong adventure.
dare you not turn up at the weekend you Toons!
frank sinatra and coffee 3
Gotta make some changes
I truly want a job with a passion because I dont wana rely on other people for money, especialy my mom.
Let's have a fruitful week!!!
are you ready for Fringe S4 finale?
Wouhouuuuuu
Good morning!
White Sox play Seattle today at 1:05 at Camelback ranch!!
Book is coming!
Pat D talks Sports coming on up...
Thanks for the follow !
Would love to chat once we find a doctormmer and can start playing shows again
Look, I'm no George W Bush fan, but I don't get the hate over him naming his cat Bob.
It's cute!
That cat probably thinks its people anyway.
Vice is its own reward.
It is virtue which, if it is to be marketed with consumer appeal, must carry Green Shield stamps.
Quentin Crisp
Is it Friday yet?
where is the game being shown?
HitGirl is my motivation.
You're welcome.
Thanks for noticing!
me too!
We don't bite,.
We promise!
RT: that's quite an imposing list of artists.
hey I gotta try that one would be a good one
I disagree.
They shouldn't play baseball in Toronto either?
Or football anywhere warm?
traveltip always check the hotel room 2x before you checkout!
...
stay tuned for new album and first show in the fall.
Shanna is healing fast, should be back to banjo soon.
that's another story....
our pleasure Tori!
truly looking forward to it : i'll be in touch soon when things settle down a little : john
For those in Madison, I will be back on October 19 to present my new book at the Wisc Book Festival at Overture Center.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
sorry I just had to.
TransAtlantic pipeline  biggest env disaster in 2002 that never happened: 7.9 EQ and not a doctorp of oil spilled Applegate
Who to cheer for on this one or I don't care for either of them.
What You Should Know About Real Estate Valuation
I cracked my freakin iPod screen !!!!!!
hey wat u up to today
Hi Joy.
It's been busy but productive.
How about you?
Warhol Campbell Tomato Soup canvas makes me hungry I grew up on that soup RT : Just two more days to see Picasso to Warhol
3wordsthatwomenhate you're so moist
he never ate that kumquat!
Life and it's daily bullshit doe.
Get those Heaters checked out for this cold weather!!
thanks frank!
We will discuss how to make teachers better and students more successful without ever talking about content!
did you move and not tell me?
45 mile ride today.
Let me just say this, the wind is just mean.
Rotating pace lines to try to hold 12 mph.
Ridiculous.
Still had a blast.

Good!
I wanted you guys to do something different.
Don't bunt, please don't bunt
Hey, ReRe you see did sang you a special Bday wish!
LuvMeSumVickie//Thanks , Life is Beautiful!
Liturgy at was great tonight.
Long, fun day...
ready for the farmer's market, homeworking, and King Khan tomorrow
when KD came Doc said he gives us 2 players so AB can play the SG.
My momma can pass n handle better than KD.
didnt work at all
RIP Whitney Houston
HBD Lincoln wish ya all da best
Glad you like it :
So thirsty.
Omg
I do not think so!
check your facebook messages please !
Its important :
Glee should write in the Crawford girls!
Female version of the Warblersyes!
Girls were cute esp 3 on the end.
Do they sing?
IfIHadThePower I'd stop police from hassling people and get them to protect and serve their original purpose.
Gave The Feed Zone Cookbooks to three different friends as gifts.
All have raved about them!
Thanks !!!
NHL Hockey, like INDYCAR Racing, must be seen live to be truly appreciated.
SAME I'M ON PAGE 30 ITS STILL NOT HERE
please do...
Been through 2 piano players already catscanthackit!
Enjoy the road!
I love 's quotes : it's amazing!
I hate being home
Okay watching Real Sex on HBO really makes me want to do it in the mud....
srsly.
I'll never let you down.
Do you have a favorite food truck here in SD?
Why not show them a little love and write them a Yelp review telling the world how great...
love black too!
ah I'm sorry!!!!!
Tell everyone I miss them!!
Hello, buzz
Latest on Randy Moss?
Excited for my shoot with tomorrow.
Just had 3 glasses of green juice that I made with kale, cucumber, celery, parsley, ginger, apple and lemon.
The best snack in this weather!
u said baby daddy lol
My father is enjoying his retirement and decided to write a blog...let's just say Dad's participles be dangl'n!
Happy Birthday to your MOM..al her fan sites are GEEKED and doing their individual SHOUT OUTs..u can hear it around daworld!
I really love you on Victorious,i support you much love3 xox1
Bout to go hit the left arm a lil tonite
Taking some time this morning to catch up on our connections we made at the Home Show!
Did anyone else make it out there?
Sb halloween was a success!
Dont remember a lot but of what i heard i had a great timee.
I'm thinking Mavs and Bulls in the finals...
ha...
Uranium I said it lol, no heat
Any Rockies fans have extra shirt given out at game Friday night...I'll trade ya subscription to Mile High Sports magazine
Thanks for the mention, Ed!
A museum in New York City may b interested in doing a teen program on the Rostam comics.
Do u have illustrators in the city?
ANN BOOM!!!
Let's go to the final four!
Heard you been rockin' the beast shirt.
Can I score a photo??
AAAHHHH!!
Amazing game!
That's great!
Thanks for sharing your views with us!

Welcome!
I like your work!
Thanks for following!
Robin Lynch Aerialist
Shorty is infatuated after how niggas tossed her salad
Nick Punto, your scrappy defense made me like you.
Your choice of In the Air Tonight as walkup music made me love you.
totally praiseworthy!
for now I'm showfree til next month, starting tomorrow i began my honeymooning for a week and then back to recording.
Im giving more speeches on Miamitude these days so let me know if
Would kill to see that.
RT : Oh man.
The debate moderators are about to lose it.
hi Rick just received word Step Gaye passed away.
Heart is heavy.
im still me.RT if ur really bored n slpy.
thanks for the nice compliment!
We are glad to have helped.
Thanks for an evening of amazing music!
Woah hubspot!
If all the startups in Boston start acquiring each other, you guys know you won't be startups anymore right?
Read an E Book Week starts March 4.
Good deals to be had!
HOT producer be da 1st 2 murder some new sounds and styles send me ya emails and lemme send u sum
Screw this, ima be a hobo.
Unfrick'n believable!
Come ON!!!
What makes me happier than a new tour?
Seeing that they are announcing a date in NM soon.
So excited!
Just saw both the Charliesheen commercials for direcTv and Fiat.
Guess he really is winning!
While I feel pretty strong on most machines , but today I tried jogging and thought my lungs were going to burst.
Day15
On my way down to hear talk about ObjC at Nothing like learning from an original NeXT instructor...
I dont know how i Deal'd with all the ish i have been through.Probably laughter and sex...which became another problem lmfa
The pursuit of serenity and happiness is by feeding our soul
boyfriend 1 everywhere?
Favorite song on replay!
love you, now to get noticed follow?X11
So Raven Symone has come out of the closet, and why is that news?
So excited that my extended weekend went well...
Hopefully next weekend will go even better!!
fingers crossed...
:/
I DONT HATE ALEXIS HE IS SWEET AND NICE HE DID NOTHING TO ME!!!
I get unlimited female attention
im just bored aha
Let's Go BUCKS!
Oktoberfest specials all month long!
Come and enjoy a 32oz Maas of our Oktoberfest for only 6.25 and pair it with some Bavarian Strudel!
Just found a lost dog......we miht keep him he doesn't have a collar and nobodies around
that's the nicest thing anyone has said to me all day 
yeeee buddy use that blue belt magic
remaining optimistic that missing balloonists Richard Abruzzo and Carol RymerDavis will be found.
Love that show RT : Trying to watch FirstTake but I am so sleepy!
So much for the new years eve party my bf just passed out :/
We find this to be so true: RT : What entrepreneurs need most isnt knowledge.
What they need is the ability to evolve.
I heart Catcher.
My daughter is totally fine with pretending to be the bad guy.
hangs head
Much Aloha !
Eat Well.
the only one who got, got last night was you and the miz truth and that just a preview of whats gonna happens on survivor serie
reasonable doubt
Loves life leavin for school in...
5 weeks : 
I will find you.
And I will fuck you.
Reading a great book called the spirit walk.
Video Upfront conference in New York.
Looking forward to kickoff.
Remember the childoctorn during the holidays by donating to Toys For Tots.
You can doctorp off a gift at the doctorden Mansion  59 Lincoln Park.
life is good.
sometimes it's best to ignore those brittards.
I think mercury is in retrograde or some shit...they're extra dumb lately.
and NBA fantasy ends, I get 3rd place.
3rd place!
3rd place!
3rd place!
not 4th as it was in SemiPro
I think I would be good living alone , I like my own space !
I would need a hustling ass roommate , so we can make shit happen !
Waiting for my voice lesson to start.
Its been a while since I've been here.
prayers appreciated :
Went bowling with my pops!
FatherDaughter time!
Just saw your post  noticed you are an APhi also.
Very cool.
AOE.
I know nothing about hockey but I'm watching the Rangers game.
Playoff time is exciting.
Yes!
RT : thinking it might be a great idea to have a JackDanielsParty on Saturday, add Poker...
and scantily clad servers ;
Attended the Expo and entered a lot of doctorwings for a prize.
Bring lots of business cards and go to every booth.
Lots of freebies!
I totally agree.
Early voting in the Clerk's office available until 5P today.
Can't make it?
We're open MF from 8A5P next week and 10A5P next weekend.
RIP MCA from the Beastie Boys....
: : I love Only five more weeks!
I can't WAIT until the wedding lolhere you go lol
holla He might be interested
certainly!
Email
Speaking of which, did he perform Forever?
wow, Moments....
I thought I could trust you...
You are just as deceiving as time.
good look...
I was raised here to.
LaHair had his 7th homer of the season today, improves average to .396.
We gotta send Smoak back to the minors
All Saints' Day marks 5 years since I joined the I'll file this decision under Good Choices.
haha my bad about fort homeboy didn't hear u
free beer, pizza.....maybe some smoothie king!?
I recommend everyone following and playing the game!!
We have all the technology in the world but I can't get a stupid bluray to play.
Thank goodness for Netflix.
Holla if you are going to the Spring Backer Show!
so i finally got up and got doctorssed now only 10 million other things to do
RT : Just noticed there's no William Dean Howells in the Just the essays on James and novelwriting.
Puma Apparel Women's Performance Cat Tank Top
10 more tweets left till my 200th tweet!!..
contest?
celebration?
what?
A yellow light means speed up, Not slow down.
;
how can a JOB SITE EVER discriminate against the unemployed!!
I search DAILY w/no result  ITS STILL HORRID OUT THERE!!!!
Great workshop today.
N.C.
Digital Heritage Center and really know their digital projects!
very interesting
I hope that the pain and sadness will ease with time in the hearts of those suffering losses.
Forever grateful.
Never forgotten.
9/11/2001
Anxiously awaiting feedback.
Have a back to school pic to share?
Post it here or on the Facebook page and we'll use it tomorrow on Sunrise!
Nothing much!
You?
3A KingCo fastpitch tourney starts today, trimming five teams to four for next week's SeaKing tourney
Just left pepper jacks.
The fat buck tooth bartender gave horrible service.
Guess her chit chat was more important.
Now Playing: Big Quippin', Music From and Inspired by AE's Storage Wars
Suns out guns out baby!
RT Tornado warning in Toronto???
tell to stop messing with HAARP  Why give Obama credit for Gods power?
Isaiah 29:6.
an Obama chia?!
What the heck were they thinking?!
Do you have a phone number you can DM to me?
I would love to speak with you further.
Thanks MM
Hate is a strong word...
Mean it when you say it.
Janeane Garofalo is my favorite character
is on February 29th so she can only celebrate her bday every 4 years.
Wouldn't that suck?
Haha
Pop/acoustic/rock/country...
You name it, they'll play it!
Zach Wade  Dan Harvey tonight at 9pm Milwaukee !!
I am thoroughly enjoying the ShakesPalin twitter meme
Kevin im sick and a tweet from you would just make me fell so much better love you 3 cant wait for new jonas music!
Starting daily battle with ATT.
Will it be the 3rd missed appt in 4 days?
Probably, since no one can confirm it.
the WORST!
aww no fair what time you off
Woke up with the worst bed mate ever: my hangover
if your not dateing a cheerleader you have to raise your standards
its thje alcohol id blow it off he doesnt doctornk that much just tell em ur his girl and accept apology the alcohol
hate 2 get irritated/nasty on my bday  everyone has the right 2 say what they want, but some NBA players need to STFU already
I hate you so much.
I wish you would go the hell away!
Water based ginseng extract if you want to boost your immune system only.
If you have allergies, alcohol based extract is best :
Do you agree?
A good leader hires the right people to do the job
Another VO from Pittsburgh, I followed you before thanks for the follow!
voiceovers voice over
Someone set the fire alarm off in our building and I've never heard something so loud in my life
now I'm good lol I went too HAM last night.
Is your dj tonight at Haven lounge along with adam foster
no problem.
I just sent you an email.
Looking forward to hearing from you man!
I assume that's the mugshot?
I eat my gummy bears two at a time, so they don't have to die alone
Alright kids I have a dumb question.
What does tbh mean!?

I'd also look at the April 5 archive.
We will be on after the Sounds.
They're playing a 7inning game.
Should be on close to normal time, barring extra innings.
he was just playing coy before he asks you to fi...
just read the last tweet ;
Just discovered it, so I thought I'd check to see if this was a known issue before submitting a ticket.
Thanks!
I just finished a 4.00 mi run with a time of 38:08 with Nike GPS.
Whatever you do ,work at it with all your heart , as working for the Lord ,not for men.
Colossians 3:23
West Coast club tour starts June 7th...hardest decision for me is deciding if I'm ever comin back or not
ima be gone for about 2 mnths you'll better write me when im gone.
2012 film watching!
14.
Insidious.
Good little horror film.
Creepy images, and decent scares.
Horror fans should like this.
Being silly wit my brother
ADV ENG I: When reading Wuthering Heights look at the words Bronte uses to intro the character's dialogue.
On pg 5 Heathcliff growled.
THANK YOU !!
Can anyone explain to me why shows Chris Mathews twice?
Why not give Dylan or Martin the slot?
Reruns in prime time really?
lol aw you all hot  bothered
Most awkward, funniest day of my life..
Be sure to close out your parties by tonight  11:59pm EST, so your Hostesses and customers qualify for this week's After Party Awards!
Awesome to see what the New York Giants are doing to the Packers today.
My freaking hair is gone.
Two weeks before I go to philly.
I need my mom
Prycilla; making everyone's lives better since 5 minutes ago.
Let the boil begin.
The raspberry vanilla wheat beer is now in progress.
Next update at after the hops are added.
Where are you?
idontlikeyoubecause you let me down too many times before
Does anyone know where I can get a new lease on life?
The one I have isn't working ou...:
is true
Just found mad lint toejam in between my 2monthold's toes.
Where's he been walking?!
Clearly, I've been missing some spots at bathtime.
they haven't been set out yet though!
Give em a min.
I'm off of hwy 50 just east of I94.
I'm by Verlo.
Are you going to doctorp by?
Justin Bieber's voice went from sounding like a girl to some creepy dude.
Previewing the new temp site, loving it, excited for the wireframes for the real one.
One of the worst breakup lines: Were to alike .....translation.....
You bore me.
thanks, I really do need it!
Have an excellent day!
Don't miss Peter on Primetime today at 4pm PT  calling in LIVE from THE PLAYERS Champ to talk UBC!
we will get them Thursday
I'm going to get so much heat for this...but I still don't have a smart phone..
When I lost my dear friend of 16 years I said I would not own a dog again...too much pain.
Then I met Fancy!
Shut the fuck up RT : You kno what that means, big feet..
Big socks
Never had a bloody nose in my life  all I do is get then now!
Dang, why show California dairy commercials in WI?
Hey Callie!
You have sun, stars, and California rolls.
Let us keep our dairy title.
How do they get those jerseys with names already on em right away?
I make my own luck every single movie, ever.
Cheating is like eating fast food : You do it, you enjoy it and then you feel like shit.
TheVoice  I don't think Juliet has been picking the right songs.
She should have sang Janis Joplin, Joan Jett etc...
AaliyahsAirplanePlaylist Track 1 Young Blood  The Naked and Famous
Ugh.
How quickly momentum can shift.
Don't ever give lil Ceasars
well how about stirring up a little controversy with a good question
Going to be because it sure looks like it to me !
!
Thanks, Mary!
I consider it to be a huge honor.
Really excited!!!
is cracking an actual whip too severe?
Omg another Grand Slam by Joyce?
Are u kidding me!
BA new pic my friend.
Fingers crossed that we both feel better tomorrow!
twitter's getting boring!!!!
How do u get these lol
cool bc I need to see you!
Its been forever!!
Why is everyone else so much prettier than me?
:
sorry but you're not important anymore.:
Congrats to for being the 500th follower!
She has won a FREE copy of the upcoming EP, Pink Balloon Stay tuned evry1!
RIP Pizza Island.
jamming to One Direction
Did you know cruise ships have datacenters ....very interesting  never thought about that before
What operating system and browser are you using?
I had forgotten who I gave my 13,600 tweet for like two seconds lol .
dude foreals i feel you on that one.
I love your bio :D its amazing xx
Do you see all actors/actresses as connected to parts they have played, or only some of them?
I'm going to sleep
Jackie Brown is one of my faves!
Ha!
Tilt head down  to side, then slice.
RT : I can do that.
We have a Grilled Hanger Steak here, so I have knives.

TY, we leave soon!
We'll give everyone a hug from you.
May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, so by the power of the Holy Spirit you may abound in hope.
changed the  to
have a few what r u looking 4 specific?
What r u giving?
Thx
almost caught your doctormstick when you played with Jon Paul Jones and Ben harper, bonnaroo superjam '07
Fantastic happy hour deals for mlb opener tonight!
Come in and find out!!
it's such a nice day, let's go to the park!!
literally every new yorker, today
writing new ones while wearing my sellout tshirt.
like she doesnt do anything to anybody nd for them to just pick on her for no reason is not cool.
people are so childish
Package deals Jan/Feb w/ Christine Kromer Casting Director of LIGHTS OUT, TREME,  IN TREATMENT  Kevin Kuffa, CD of Law  Order CI.
Well..there's another tweet I deleted rather than send.
Let me know if you're missing any of the New Frontier books and I will happily send them your way.
so bord wiff jared and my bro ;
i love this!!!
why am I not getting them
Obama announced he is ProGay Marriage.
What are your thoughts?
Should gay and lesbian couples have the right to get married?
Heading to the Greater Madison Chamber of Commerce Business Expo 2012 tomorrow?
Stop by our booth and say Hi!
right on man!
One more hour!
Whhhheeewwww!!!
I'm finally home!
Hope your week started off right!
LOL ; :
RT : NO!
Loved him.
RIP Junior Seau.
This gym thing would be a piece o cake if I weren't 42, overweight, out of shape,  smoked a 1/2 pack a day.
Piece ...
o ...
cake.
If that were the only thing, maybe.
But separate from that, I can't even order from UK based sites like I was just trying to do.
Wtf.
My moms making moaning sounds.
thanks!
Haha but it's not my bday today :p I was just curious but I'll RT that on my bday:
Thanks for following us, Amy!
Gotta hit free throws, gotta keep them off the offensive glass.
Great Thanksgiving dinner with the family,3 Black Friday tonight with the momma!: Can't wait for the great deals.:
Jesus RT : Rochester fd is going for a jumper on the main st bridge by the convention center.
ROC
Those kobes are so sick...I need them.
Noeleen: sometimes you should pick an average joe/jane so people can relate to them...and they generally need to be easy to look at.
Man, alone, has the power to transform his thoughts into physical reality; man, alone, can doctoram and make his doctorams come true.
hey!
this is  i got twitter limit.
this is my 2ND account.
i'll send u the links to LIKE now :
oh :L
Hey OWS shit stains.
I not only went to work today, I went to 2 different banks and conducted business...go fuck yourselves you LOSERS!!!
read about ball players showing less effort then they used to..or do we just put them on a pedistal can't they have an off day  work too?
So what will our next Ragnar be?
The Miami to Key West looks funultra or regular.
In Cincinnati, but we ship all over the country.
Even with shipping costs we still beat the competition.
We are on eBay as well.
Just went on a long walk to end this beautiful day!
What did you do today to MOVE YA BODY?
While we are postponing, life speeds by.
Seneca
My heart is so sad.
We lost a beautiful, soulful voice today.
God Bless, RIP Whitney Houston.
EndangeredSpecies are you out there?
Hope to see you at my album release concert tonight USC Bovard Auditorium, 6:30 
Thank god for Friday.
Maybe it depends what you mean by stupid, but most people are reasonably credible observers/arbiters of their own interests.
Bout to get balled huh?
So like why is there still not an HM in Lansing...
Happy Halloween!
Wants to thank all of you for making us the 1 florist in the Houston Press for readers choice Best of Houston 2010!!!
point and shoot  i have a dslr that I love, but I need something for on the go.
Heard good things about Cannon or Nikon.
Where do you keep the 'tamed' jalapenos?
You are a sissy.
, looking for my  nevermind; it's selfexplanatory, isn't it?
Excellent Godfather reference.
Since the cold war, we have moved from mutually assured destruction to mutually assured competition Richard Fisher
well do remember everyone's impairment xD I'm sure they will realize what they have left soon enough
Don't let the blue sky fool you.
It's supposes to rain at 7 : Don't forget your umbrellas!
Receive my monthly newsletter 4 info on healthy lifestyle, new delicious foods, healthy easy recipes,  stress reductionlaurengoldstein.com
I love Tyson Chandler...
M4 Mini Movies showing on Thurs.
at 6 pm  SECCA.
All videos are being screened.
Some out and see what folks can do with an iPhone!
FREE.
You're messing with my head, boy that's what you do best /3
There's still free candy available at College Library.
I.LOVE.YOU.
3
you were awesome on E!
news today!
So glad to get to see you.
I have direct tv so they suck with the no g4 thing.
Watching family guy.
Heading up to Duluth Minnesota.
For a month!
Life is far too important a thing ever to talk seriously about.
Oscar Wilde
Can't love those two things and not mention pancit!
Did anyone feel like straight crap when they first started paleo?
RT : Can't hate on the clipshow cuz habitually losing is still better than being mater dei.
The Heat are VERY good at falling down on their own.
Tom Smedinghoff at idtrust, who chairs ABA Identity Management Task Force, notes requirements for business/tech rules  legal rules
Good evening everyone!
lovely day at the beach, think I have a sunburn ; now a storm is moving in quick, back to work :
Why would it be a problem for someone to sleep?
Q3
I know, the photos are so gorgeous, whether roast beef or braided leather sandals...
SongsMenShouldntWorkOutTo Let's get physical.
Two brilliant moves that helped create the Apple iOS powerhouse
Still waiting on tickets.
What's the best way to submit an idea for your blog?
I have a retail client that posts Facebook coupons.
Thanks.
Be careful she might take your icon!
LMAO!!
Entrepreneurial Lesson 12: Want to get your project off the ground?
Get your ass out of your chair!
The only sophomore in my gim class...it sucks.
Hey giants fans now you can play fantasy football against oj Anderson W.legendsfantasyleagues.com
baby make that ass clap, 
Gotta wrk during the day Sat.
but that night or Sunday I'm free.
Watchin a movie at Joel's w/ doctornks Friday night too.
Come!
Ha!
Always happy to RT something that's a RT of what we publish on We hope the journal relates to your work.
you're pregnant?
I stuck my dick in this game like a rapist, they call me slim roethlisberger.
eminem
Tried out the new chant tonight!
SouthCitySyndicate loved it!
Maybe it can turn into chant!!
shut up I'm jealous lol
Twitter is the perfect medium for marketing folks.
G doesn't work as well for that.
I haven't seen anyone selling anything.

I was just thinking about you this morning, so I sent you a facebook friend request.
I hope you don't mind.
:
All the better!
The consensus is that it is the stress in concert with my feast or famine eating and lack of sleep.
And not a bug.
Can't wait to come home and help edit our music video
Idk if u should say Awesome or Oh No ..
oh yea couldnt forget you;D!
Reading with Andoctora White and illustrator Bill Megenhadt at 2pm at the small childoctorn's tent.
Its friday  I'm pretty...
Come on..
Did u REALLY think I aint have no plans???!!!!!!
Triunfo Park was even more desolate...headed to Berniece Bennett Park, try our luck there...
Currently experiencing hair temptation.
The devil wants me to dye my hair red.
butIRebukehim lol
Congrats to for an amazing year.
Incredible to think that 11 starters return next yr.
Todays tears will fuel next years passion.
thank you!
I would never offend them!
I love the show!
Yep I tweeted it to Dana  she retweeted it, which made my day!
Thank u!
Well I Went To Sleep In JerseyWoke Up In ABQ.
Very cool pix!
At Grand Opening  Ribbon Cutting for member Ralphs supermarket on Sports Arena Boulevard in San Diego.
Beautiful new store.
What You Up Too??.
The Magic of March
Yea u was thinkn the rite way lol
Ordering new bull stickerswhat colors should we select?
lol because I can read emotion right?
We are off to see the Avengers in a bit.
Can't wait.
I can't wait to see what they did with the Hulk.
Great point  I didn't even think of that.
If they are going for generalizability, there's no reason not to go random.
My Chemical Romance makes me think about .
Always.
I fucking hate waiting on other people
MayweatherCotto does 1.5M buys for 94 million.
Impressive!
But keep in mind this is 1 of 4 fights boxing fans will buy all yr.

Paris today!
jsst give me HEAD : ,NO straps ..
lls
so your a cowboy that hates snakes?
um
I hope ABC uses it's influence to discourage my home state of MD from increasing its minimum wage to 10.00/hr
Holy mother of hotness.
It is so toasty in this classroom.
HA!
that Ramos hit in garbage time just won me my Yahoo!
league.
Just got back from the homecoming dance.
shoulda been ther!
At a workshop learning how gets an unheard of 8 engagement rate on fb!
Higher than Lady Gaga
happy badly you're the best love you and hope you have a great day
Who wants to play a show?
Hello to the 3 new lovely fans I gained today!
Xo!
!
!
Having your flight delayed sucks :
Thanks for the RT!
oh ok
not your juicy?!?!
Gotta love hectic mornings.
I finished my scarf tonight.
Honestly how old are we?
It seemed like Denise's storyline ended without the audience seeing closure.
I ain't religious so they say i have no faith, but i believe in myself so thats ok.
HUGE World Cup Friday Starting at 7am with Brazil VS.
Portugal.
At 11:30am is Spain VS.
Chile and at 6:30pm Brazil VS.
Portugal
thank you!!
We will definitely do our best!
guys have a Question How can I do account has been disrupted here in Twitter?????????????
Order sent to Sabrina in NJ!
let hockey trip 2012 begin!
'canes/cryers now  pens/craps tomorrow!
Thank you Jess : It's the least I can do for a lady as nice as you!
Xoxo
Actually, my last post was not my final edit of This Is Not an Exit : I wrote a new introduction.
I will update it soon.
I'm broke right now lol I'm tryna hold out till like Monday
RT : round 2?
I might have come out RogerThat !!
Off to skate against East Coast Devastation.
Hope the rest of the team shows up.
Impressions?
If functionexists  require once linksy;
Ctffup her forhead hella big neva be close up to the cam !!!!!
Thinking why the hell did i text you first...
ILL national code overview: not available means different things to different libraries
Reported shooting at VirginiaTech prayers going out to those people, stay inside, keep you guys updated
because they are simply awful announcers
Make the best of today.
One more
Dood.
I'm watching Wendy Williams show.
No shit, she just asked guest How did u become a crackhead?
...
I need the block, too.
you meant debris should just schedule the late race caution and stop pretending RT : Caution.
Debris T2
The fact this paper is over WWII
LS: Jefferson had an Enlightenment vision, but it was a limited one.
Even more a creature of habit than I thought.
Twitter flipping Tweets to right side instead of left is bugging me.
new camera?
yup.
:
no more thunder!!
finally right in LA again
Formula One: Ferrari must respond in Spain  Alonso
pinched sciatic nerve, hopefully the doctors can work some magic...
Holy Mother !
It's freezing nuts this morning !!!!
Harvard sighting on TNT.
1st time the Crimson have been shown.
They're about 40 minutes away from tipoff against Vanderbilt.
lol Who said this?
Chicago, is the most amazing city EVER!
I LOVE it here!
time to shed my zotero n00bness.
I think they might actually be revenue positive.
I know, that's a shocking thing to expect from a valley co.
Happy birthday on this Easter renewal day.
You deserve some rest.
hugs!
definitely...
D
How can I help you today?
cool!
I need to get back here more often.
Cloverfield is on...
that will do.
Call PaperJam Press!!!
They are amazing and specialize in smallrun/art prints.
5032385777 They do all my printing.
Do you have a Sakura doctorgon?
You could try that with a Fog doctorgon, too.
: This game takes a log of patience, I've noticed.
My Cuban cigar from Mexico!!
If it abuts sidewalk, almost certain it's not w/in property line.
Most Brookland front yards are technically public space.
Synchronicity in hyflex design is a challenge or an opportunity  a crisitunity!!
Are you enjoying our daily posts?
Tell your friends to like us so that they can share in the fun!
Just watched the girl with the doctorgon Tattoo, wow !
Great movie !!
is Sarah's family from Nebraska, I was thinking it would be Wyoming.
I love and You two brighten my life even though you make fun of me like crazy.
Their interior is not better.
It equaled out.
Niether team used the interior.
One of my fav films of all time is Star Wars.
My mom made Leia's white outfit out of a sheet  I wore it every day after school.
Don't judge
I don't think Brett Lawries not complaining is normal...
pep is still coaching
Just accidentally walked right up on a nasty, slimy toad, almost like the one in Pan's Labyrinth ewwtastic  Samantha Willis 
U do what ya gotta, but I know u got TigerBlood in your veins.
Now all u need is to be wearing some black and gold.
Oh, hell, I even want a pair!
like literally fruit thats actually within arms length?
or is this some kind of metaphor?
I hate word vomit :/
Was the KG foul legit?
I didn't get a good look  TNT isn't showing replays per David Stern's request
all saints.
new jeans.
pala  vegan pizza.
jenni4.
babycakes.
durian.
wine  more wine.
green beans and french fries.
wine.
missed train...
Cant wait to see tonight at Houston Press Concert Series!
TEDxUSC Amy Jo Kim designer of non zero sum collaborative games where we all win; girls  older women fastest growing gaming demographic

I think we should all get together and perform something, in that case...
performinggeniuses ;
I'm lucky to be living in such a bikefriendly city.
RT : The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision  Helen Keller
Not to mention I'm 80 from the 3 point line in that gym 4 for 5

i don't give a fuck, bitch.
there's entertainersartistesperanzaspalding a natural artist the show was the vocals/instruments.bad ass vocalist an band.
LOOK SO CUTE IN YOUR DORM ROOM MUSIC VIDEO 
Shopping with grandson Z in Billionaire Boys Club.
My god crooked went in on that freestyle
hell no!
Watching the Rockets take it to em.
Shout Out to the Niggas that Cash they 400 McDonalds Paychecks and ask for 5's  10's back so it look like you Ballinnnn
I'm hallucinating!
I see little balls of sunshine in a bag!
Teachers' union considers legal challenge over free school assessments  The Guardian
if you really wanna do lunch..
Geoffrey's in Malibu..
Ah..
THE best...
reading doctorven now and enjoying.
Also loved Gutshot Straight by Lou Berney
GO TO YOUR ROOM!
You mean, where my tablet, iPod, and phone are?
Okay.
Im back on my twitter shit..
I ran into a panda who introduce me to a lion.
RT follow me back
One forgets words as one forgets names.
One's vocabulary needs constant fertilizing or it will die.
Evelyn Waugh
As early as 1913, aeronautics and circuitry programming inspired Girl Scouts to consider nontraditional careers.
I don't think so not sure though
Mission City Cat Show official Fiesta Event Saturday and Sunday Event Center .
Viva Fiesta San Antonio
sounds romantic.
have to look into doing that next time I go out that way :
At detour with my cousin Mitchell.
Great end to the week!
ion know why u put money on them bro...
I ain't bettin against the Heat till the finals
Debate over public campaign financing  Rochester YNN
Maria, you are most welcome.
have a great day!
Only in Dallas....cutting edge 3D technology is being used for breast augmentation.
The story tonight on CW33 News at 9.
thnx!
so many PM tools out there; trying to find one that will create good gantt charts  integrate well w/ MS products.
still haven't gotten out of bed...
Hitting the hard stuff again, huh?
lol he got back up
Just watch 's NEVER SAY NEVER!
Its amazing.
Love it!
kid!
Can you PLEASE check out my purevolume and tell me what ya think?
www.purevolume.com/NickMcCord just a local artist :
Bilbo is so photogenic!
excited actually : 
The thing about working in the government: One day you realize that many of your sentences are mostly acronyms.
LOVED Catherine Tate on The Office!
Welcome to Massachusetts.
bro you clearly don't know me so calm that mess down
Woo Friday is here!!!!
In the studio putting together the ALS Association spots.
Working together for a greater good!
Movie recommendation is Mo'Nique in Precious..happy mother's day
I sure hope so.
As long as you don't go YOU!
Think that's trademarked, haha.
Haha.
On the field, indeed.
RT : The forecast for opening day is just more of the same.
This simple word jumble will give you 50 off when you come in today with it figured out.
We'll let you decide if ypsarrerb is simple.
: On route to ATLANTA...
Meet n greet today 3pm / REMIX:LIVE party tonight  Roll call!
Happy Friday!
Bigger homes mean less surveillance of domestic labor?
I might want to think about that.
Looking at your best friend and laughing because you know what theyre thinking.
Casey Anthony acquitted?
WTF?
Rarely do I yell at the TV for any other teams than the Packers/Brewers  Tebow in overtime elicited a stand up Heck yeah!
Whatcha gonna do when you can't say no  the feelings start to show?!
My Dad Told Me Once All The Girls You Know Are Whores I Told Him That May Be True However They're In Remission.
Troll Face wars with perfect distraction from english paper.
thanksalotyo lol!
When my mind is at peace, I am receptive to the inspiration of the Christ within, and I find a way out of every difficulty.
Nah...
It's just the year where the little 3rd graders look at you like 'DAMN SHE'S OLD!' :/ Normal...
I look like
Can I just say I HATE allergies!!!!
ugh
especially me
Goodnight world.
Day has been fulfilling and love what God did at lakeview.
Can't wait until next week
three way with lol
thanks for the RT!!!
Watched the KCA and saw !!!!!!3 directioner for life!!!
I love you guys!!!3:
: Sunday school homework on Saturdays  my life.
YUCK, Raining SXSWet.
Get ready ATX!
For all the cleaning needs of locals, and our out of town guests, come to EcoClean!
24 hr turn.
Had a beautifully poached egg for breakfast thanks to tips from
Today I don't feel like doin anything:
Dontcha just love that?
Can't get my husband on Twitter either.
Either way, Happy Anniversary  hope you're doing something fun.
Huhh, weather is bad today:
screw the rules, i have money
Many are Called But Few Are Chosen...
MicroMarketings riddle: Relationships are important; they require persontoperson communication.
Why is it a marketing rarity?
Life gets better when you're around the right people.
Ok, it's hachetteprev.
Ready to go!
And I know who the special secret guest is!
Sunday, 15th April  Charity Car wash and personal pizza while you wait for 5 at Dominos Pizza, Newark.
Proceeds to
just finished I like it.
Guy whispers to his friend, Now THAT'S rock and roll
RT : 11:11  Make A Wish is trending!!!: that's so awesome!:D You guys are SO amazing!
I love you3
mom leaves for Fla tomorrow....so jealous!!!!
Don't you go anywhere else for jams, jellies, sauces  the most refreshing, succulent watermelon pickles you're gonna find at Mama's Pantry.
looking forward to a Simpsons with a Will Shortz cameo.
can do no wrong!
Best night of the year:
This afternoon took an interesting turn after I did a Google Image search on Poltergeist clown
Full house indeed!
Loving it so far,is that JRT dng MF
Enjoy 4th of July weekend Las Vegas and when it's over don't forget vegaspressurewashing.com .
You make the mess, I powerwash it clean!
In thaa train station, woah im in high school .
:x.
Mudcats?
Scooter is a hairy beast like Skipper Bivins on HillbillyHandfishin'.
What do you look for in a company when considering a move?
P.E.M.D.A.S All Dayy
haha awesome.
where you guys headed now?
I'm good, busy practicing my musak skills :P
that sound better than my prebed planning.
You win
Lost 34 to the best team in our district.
Even pitched a ground out to a girl going to play at UT!
So proud of everybody!
Hoping to someday do something as awesome and funny as did with Gary Oldman this weekend.
This is why we donate to
doctornks with ....we gettin faded
When you put makeup on cause you think your goin somewhere but then your stupid mom says you can't go  I hate parents sometimes!
Linds great to see you as well!!!
keep well and keep up all the GOOD!!!!!!
: TOGETHER we make this cancer world a better place!!
:
QoTD: Without determination, you'll just end where you started.
I will get a job, start doctorving, go to the gym, focus on school,  STOP BEING LAZY.
FINALLY the WEEKEND!
But we never stop working!
Hire mister Chauffeur to transport you  your friends to the party!
6303639027
And then had Panera and Starbucks.
Now me and have food babies 
I reached back like a pimp, and slapped a hoe.
Q4 Good question, but don't know!
SignsAFightBout2Breakout on set of MattsChance stay posted for a
Squee!
I leave for Rome in 11 days.
was just talking about introd.
us.
We can relive Italy memories.
Have fun!
May the bridges I burn light the way.
I swear it's 194672598 degrees hotter upstairs than downstairs.
Couch potato tonight.
So happy to be a Bruin when I walk to class at sunset.
Such a beautiful campus.
Hope you apologized to and the others whose day you ruined!
Thank you to the Roswell Challenge Girls for donating Brown Bag Lunches today at Egleston and Scottish Rite campuses!
Tech  Soc: John Augustus Roeblings was one of the designers of the Brooklyn Bridge.
Things that are so awesome that they make us want to dance around the office: What a brilliant idea!
Sounds great!
Childoctorn are so enjoyable!
hey I have heard that song Motion Picture by Future.
I have it on a C.D lol.
I like it waay better than the other song :
; keep on doctoraminn' even if it breaks your heart.
3
RT: But i know i aint going to sleep no time soon.
Use of games is overwhelmingly popular is encouraging social interaction in museums.
point of ped transpo data: people like being by people.
Safety.
Parklets.
Pretty maps and places.
Infrastructure targets.
Nice
What a beautiful vision 3
Note to at ...
Custer took a stand, too, and that didn't work out so well
W.
North Ave.
around 3:30pm when shooting happened is VERY busy.
Intersection w/ McCullough; there's a Burger King  a BP gas station there
pic please!
Preferably with adam's grandma and tequila, thanks.
RT it never hurts to b different
oh yes, relaxation is fleeting so I try and embrace it and remember!
Happy 4th of July!
Proud to be an American!
I have a cousin with chronic halitosis.
Well, a distant cousin.
Friend me on FB!
I don't NEED it but after 7yrs it would be nice.
Really tho, I want someone to make me feel the way I need to feel.
Otherwise it's just...
thinking about the relationship between narrative and practice in constructing identity.
How do I make myslef American?
Jewish?
female?
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Palermo  Italian
then don't put it up
Hung out with at Prohibition last night...yep I was the guy with the jacket tied around his waste 
My brother Is funny :
you guys sound the way I feel every day been over 6mos but I still listen to 4lokomas to make my problems seem infinitesimal
haha I forgot that we conned you into buying a ticket!
It should be a shitshow for sure!
You better be ready!
Time for a workout.
Financing a Foreclosure Purchase  NASDAQ
Is gonna go to Al's later??
: Sick tired crying over it so fucking over it Love u 
Got some crazy boys in my class
come on Unilever, these tweets are getting lame.
Shouldn't you all be entertaining me?
Or, alternatively, fucking me?
Much like sex, it gets better with practice.
May I be your 2000th tweet?
:D
ugh cringe You know I love Zooey.
Although I haven't been able to get into her new show.
I've been MIA, I know.
I'm off of work!
Finally!!
Looking At everything and what I'm doing ..
I feel good :
Lk ur bks Tx 4 flwng FREE EBOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
The actual producing, mixing, and mastering is hard work, harder than what I do.
Sorry everyone I didn't attend my big bro birthday party last night decide that I couldn't go for wat I did
Firstalert.com voice smoke/co2 on NBC.com this a.m.
High 5 campaign.
smoke detection fire voice evac
The weather is ssoooooooo FINE .
Followers ?
10ThingIHate people wasting my time
Happy birthday : Hope you're having a great day!
3
Morning rises on the final day of filming...
sometimes i feel like if everythings my fault.
like if i'm the reason my parents fight 24/7, even tho they're not together.
That was fucking brilliant.
Day has been made.
On my way to school I'm gonna fail this exam :
Ugh, sorry!
We have about two, but supposedly more is on the way.
:
Thanks for the follow back :
it's the limit.
brevity is a wonderful thing.
:
Nonprofessort cultural institutions are eligible for CLIR Hidden Collections Award.
Collections must be accessible to the public.
watching america's got talent
thank you so much.
I really appreciate it.
But I must say that the kids deserve the credit.
My interest in tennis has been on the downturn in 2012, partly due to falling form of favorite WTA Serb.
Hoping RG resparks my love.
Big L fan?!
I think I've been pretty open about being TT and pretenure  sorry, it wasn't meant to be a surprise.
:
no buns?
Just ball park franks lol
I hear you on that.
Used to have guys upstairs that wrestled.
I thought they would wind up in my apartment a few times.
I love my boyfriend 
Another Earl Friday.
So great to catch up, talk about goals etc.
:
awe, I definitely miss all 3 of you boys!
good times.
Hope to work with y'all again someday soon : xo
Thank you for the FF mention!
: New Strokes song is very solid Classic Strokes.
So Good
Re: testing out some goodies...So that's why was pushing me out the door today ;
Check my Bio out and subscribe to my youtube channel?
I sing on youtube :
Who is this kid?!?
I hate him!
V
I think Tuesday is most hardest day of the week .
ur a weird dude did u know that but if ur not weird ur normal and normal is BORING ily 3
Yeeeeeessssss u better be watching  cheering for my Packers lol
Ready to get out this house but these creatures named Parents wanna keep me held hostage all day :/
Demi Lovato on Grey's anatomy 
Men do less than they ought, unless they do all they can.
Thomas Carlyle
great talking to you!
thx for supporting Philly / Wharton start ups!
i'm a thug so nothing will happen to me lol
My father passed away last night.
Can we say deans list shawty...lol
omg perfection
We Shall Overcome.
happy birthday brotha!
I will not die but live, and will proclaim what the Lord has done Psalm 118:17
Poor cutomer service by Delta sitting on the tarmac waiting for a ground crew to direct us in.
Do they not know the plane is coming?
I had the pleasure of meeting with author Kimberly Ray And Yet They Still Chose Me.
A riveting story being made into a movie.
You go girl!
how do I get info about the cruise?
I am on the al/chuck site now, but nothing appears as far as details :
I need to get Catching Fire already xD I've read the Hunger Games a billion of times already.
Anybody Want A ShoutOut ?
: D
The cop is my new favorite character.
If this was Comicon, I'd take a bullet for that kid.
I watch a lot of Antiques Roadshow.
The world is black; the world is white; it turns by day and then by night.
Winter in Maputo.
68 degrees and everyone has a jacket.
Don't you think Schwartz takes some responsibility in the culture of the team?
Great breakfast at wheelerspharmacy the people there are so nice
Took my Vitamin Awesome, and washed it down with some Crunk Juice, now I'm retstago!!!
a pointless Myspace type site for creative people.
lol shit I tried that they told me nigga you stupid can't return nothing after 14 days
John Cho And Clark Duke Join Jason Bateman In The Identity Thief Melissa McCarthy also onboard.
I wish I had a date to prom
There will never be a better day for him to retire than today.
Sexting on Christmas is SO wrong.
I love it.
mayonaise or miracle whip?
Recorder will be performing live at the Opolis  Friday August 20th...Also on the bill Chrome Pony
remind me to clean up.
tomorrow ;
i wanna be like mike
RT : This Thursday is our monthly Wine Tasting Series!
812 wines, Jazz  Appetizers, just 25/person from 5pm  7pm on...
agree with Jenn!
You're an amazing mom because your daughter is...she must get it from her mama 
u tryna shed with us on thursday at carlos house?
Off to for some Stickyballs and karaoke
learn how to spell.
And leave alone!
Haha.
It's a reason it's name is that.
He Just Called Me Dumb .
if i ever get a hold of that girl she gone have my baby!!
boy u home?
lol Awh /: but they're cuddly 
Still looking for some nice digs this summer?
Second Porch is a Facebook apps that lets users rent vacation homes.
If I could just go beyond the sun where I can feel pain, where I could just fade away!!
Genealogy Focus Group participants needed in Chi  NYC!
Req: advanced genealogists  paying 175!
DM me for more info
let me know the damage bro.
:
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
I'm so tired but today was good.
Well said, Mat!
infinity love tattoo on my wrist
Never fear a shadow...
that means there is light somewheredownload InSpotter app
Cats 1 BABY!
i miss you
56.9 of engineering graduates in full time employment just 6 months after graduating, compared to 53.1 of all grads.
Hard work pays off!!
Good guys finish last!
Who was the first man to decide it was appropriate to milk a cow?
that's right!
I'm proof that you can fake smart haha.
ThatMoment when your friend tells you he was shooting heroin on friday and you can't tell if he's being completely serious or not
Today's going to be a good day.
Out with my boyfriend.
:
talking about the International Association Taxonomy for Plants.
Taxon journal will appear in BHL soon!
Get over it...most of its not meant to be literal it's the culture of the game and has been like this for decades
Damn!
smh RT : i was gonna say.
PF spot.
i hear more may be doctorpping
Hi Kelly!
I feel like I know you already, your name has come up so often!
Im so Hood and I love A Hood Biatch
score.I'd like to thank the people that made this possible, my mother who made me recognize this made up holiday god bless g'night
Happy Valentine's Day!
Celebrate the holiday by checking out the group show Love and Other Cravings at Touchstone!
getting murdered is a bad thing
Just recommended to a student studying for finals based on overhearing her phone convo about glitches, gold,  weapons
Its all in front of you...
matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 20
EVERYONE PLEASE GO FOLLOW 4
people say you follow back but you didnt follow me???
:' ........
What's good twitter peeps!!?
Holla at us!!
You just got shout out from Uecker!
From Dumari Dancoes on Everyday Wisdom The World is so loud; Divine Guidance is subtle.
You have to listen carefully to hear it.
ah the lengths i go to, to avoid working on my homework.
remind me how I'm still getting a 4.0
Yes, please..Everything.
Unless you sent the picture for it!
You don't have to type it, can you just take a picture of 3235?
Sure u want your team to win, but just as, if not more important, is ragging on that UofL/UK fan you hate at work, etc..
Watching Boredtodeath waiting for carpet cleaners just got to the one with Mary Steenburgen was right she's def a cougar!
Grow up.
those were deltas not
LOL!
have you seen The Big C?
This reminds me of the 1st season pool debacle.
But you're not as grumpy as Marleen.
No one looks back on their life and remembers the nights when they got plenty of sleep.
c/o2012
Why do people always ask questions that they already know the answer to?
Apparently, afterparty Oscar fashion  attheOscars fashion.
Pretty doctorsses FTW.
Fern Isle Park tommorow.
Gonna start filiming with Steven, doctoron, Josue, Justin, Jancy, Jen
If a rabbit crosses the road, don't run it over with your car.
Indy, trying to help 2 talented designers find a Graphic Design postion.
15 years experience for each!
Waking up at 7 AM and realizing I don't have school today.
Relief!
Got a great outfit for tomorrow PictureDay Last day of pictures this is for my favortive teacher to go on her back wall!!!
thanks for the RT!
have a great day!
Pinterest Tracking Tool that strengthens personalization, identifies customer influence  monetizes activity....
Funny you say that, I'm literally watching a 2 hr.
Foo Fighters documentary I DVR'ed.
They're an amazing band
Holy bajeezus.
Someone in Walmart looked EXACTLY like I was freakin out.
The lady probably thought I was mental.
NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead I would put justin bieber, but im waiting for his follow back.
Not to be on his blocked list.
I shouldn't be allowed on any social networking sites....
I want my pic taken
Does Klout really matter?
I just logged into Youtube for the first time in weeks.
I feel like I have no idea whats going on with all the changes ugga
interception.
Didn't see it.
: I'm out.
Good things will happen now.
: I wish would leave the room already.
definitely not 
the zit growing between my eyes is the size of kansas ..
Joe, Joe!
You're our man.
If you can't do it, no one can!
What??
dis me?
OMG!
RT : thatawkwardmoment when you realize you still haven't gotten your BrewCityStompDown2012 ticket...
Thanks Angela!
We will reply to your email in a moment also!
:
Merci pour le tweet de c'est page.
l'article est très intéressant!
Lol.
So many creepy ppl
Its fucked up.
I suspect it is factually incorrect..
You are many things, but that is not one of them.
doctor Benjamin Carson is delivering the commencement addoctorss for Emory University
No.
Mass was at 8:30am.
He did tour the school with me yesterday though.
First dinner with my roommates.
All of them are nice people.
Start groovy learning then...
Reeboks Classics are back, huh?
I'm always representing!
Transit in Welland County Leads the Way for People with Physical and Mental Disabilities!
How does your city fair in comparison?
Hospitality  Here We Go Magic.
Should be kind of a laid back show.
But if nothing else you could come doctornk, use a free ticket.
David: So far so good!
I think we'll get a better idea of the totals a little later this morning.
Newsletter: Citywide Home Values and Sales Increase In Second Quarter  Reported by Real Estate Board of New York
I'm a big fan of the word brilliant.
I'm really starting to miss austins Ustreams.
Who is going to Penn Quarter tonight for TNT?
is this the one with Nana Visitor
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me!
22 days till boyfriend!!5
where are you?
what kind of fried pickles?
I almost barfed at the ones I just had.
Everybody hates Caroline day
Part 2 of my Deconstructing DeMaio series on the money...
Like Shooting Fish in a Barrel..
up shortly
wake up clown
Mens responsibilities: Work Womens responsibilties: Too many to tweet
Graduation practice in the AM and the real thing on Monday countdown cray 
Good job on snapping the photo.
I always forget to turn the sound off of the camera.
I think it's a funny sound to have still.
I love the occasional doctorary Sunday.
Perfect day for a movie marathon
Hail is coming down in Anderson Township, Cincinnati, OH
sure!!!
just tell me where...:0P
I fully embrace the slow coding movement; ApplePy, for example, was only worked on in 2001, 2007 and 2011
Thanks  Really enjoy working with you guys cc/
coach our site is free for you players to post highlight tapes and photos for free.
They can get more exposure today
I can't stop listening to your sexy voice!
when I did that exercise with Eisner in 2005, give a zero, get a zero stick was amazingly effective pedagogy
Likewise!
I'll be out running around town wednesday if you feel like grabbing a beer.
it's definitely not Jerryd Bayless
The good...
it's bigger...
than the bad.
Things said ON Smash that no one has ever said ABOUT
Tonight in sports is brought to you by the words: Chris Kreider.
election day woooooooosh!
RT : Going to Hillcrest Farmers Market tomorrow?
We'll be  The Center from 9:00am3:30pm giving free, confidential HIV tests.
Whole lotta in that there message.
Good luck in camp man!
I did follow her
thanks for the promo!
damn what do I watch..Yankees classic ..Knicks..or Syracuse?
Hey guysHow did it go this week end?We were thinking of you.Thanks for your support.It was great to see you again.Go well
Tune into broadcast of LOBBY HERO tonight  8 pm!
Just got another consult request for a legal question I already said I can't answer.
What part of 'I do diseases, not law' isn't clear?
the addoctorss should be on facebook!
Scored!
Parking spot right in front of softball field.....watching game in warm car!
Shoutout to my new followers thanks guys!
3 ya !!
It's my year!
No really it is...the year of the doctorgon.
It's only the 3rd  things are shaping up nicely.
RT : Educators talk about kids not paying attention  not focusing; what are we doing to keep them interested  focused;...
Want to know what you treasures are worth?
You can find out at Ridgefield 50th ...
HamletHub
what was the verdict of the Twitter vote on beards?
how can you make it so that I can follow any one I want and as many people that I want?????
Help please!
Bingaman: CESbill will not cost the Govt , nor will it be used to raise Govt revenues.
Go Patsos!!
RT : Jimmy Patsos and Loyola Maryland heading to the Tourney.
Most charismatic coach ever.
for real!
I liked it a lot.
Now on to The Three Stooges lol..
Today is going to be even nicer than yesterday.
I see a nice walk in my immediate future.
Heyday big band gig tonight playing the old standards  a mix of contemporary stuff  Quincy, Foster.
Band locked in on 3rd set.
Yea!
I am not completely sure of your question.
Botox is regularly used to treat a number of issues regarding the facial muscles

Whoa!
Genius idea.
Cheese party / rock concert / AWESOME new band name!
what is the point of war?
Im not sure anyone can say Romney targets disabled  Autism, but let's see records in Florida Bar if Rubio ever opposed the abuses
when talking bout The Jamin Olivencia I talk about both...
The best there is, best there was, and best there ever will be!
Database management is biggest key
you not going to make it
hi back!
How are you??
they wasn't there to take pics with freeway.
they were there to take pics with jay...
thanks so much for all you did to bring to smbmad.
Excellent!!!
I'm wondering where to download the presentation?
Holy fuck and three quarters, she's right.
RT : my background  your life
Congrats to who got a grant this week from the Elizabeth F.
Cheney Foundation.
Yay!
streaming video from Tucson and Florida much better than Carolina cup
Little girls out here looking like grown women and old women out here looking like teenagers.
: Filling out forms for graduation libraryschool almostfinished Yay!!
So exciting!!
Tomorrow is my parents' 50th wedding anniversary.
Wow!
Ordered flowers to be sent to the restaurant where they'll be having dinner.
Yes!
Go Skins!
unsurprisingly, i'm a lot more likely to keep to my office hours when they involve holding them at Panera around dinner time.
I'm beyond pissed...
This pisses me off so much!!!
took you half a day to go from Dulles to Herndon???
Would love to hear what you think about the new Iphone 4s debut.
Erik Brown Homes, Remax Results
How's that shopping cart?
I posted one of the best movie clips spouting off about bacon on our FB page.
I think you will dig it.
Had a really shitty day : I wish would make me feel better.
I feel like going and jumping off a damn bridge!!
/3 no1 wud care
that is true.
lmfao im exaggerating about the single for life part but yeah i was since ever since i was born lolol
Sounds good.
Thanks for the input!
If we do set up an account, we'll let you know.
: awfulsupergroups ...
Excellent.
My favorite so far?
Rick James Taylor.
not that I'm aware of.
9 to 5 / day in out / months years decades / working for the boss / life hanging by a thread / of the doctorad / of a pink slip.
AryaHolmes.
Mad Thursdays  O'Malleys Tonight w/ Best doctornk specials.
Best Party.
Beer Bar hosted by From 1011.Get There Early!
Shooting over four hours of new footage today : D
hope it gets the funding!
congrats on your own recent successes too, looking forward to checking out
I used to use Hadoop in a number of different ways, including building Solr indexes.
Wow!
is working on a project that includes history of funding of Sleepy Hollow.
I can see my house from here...
Have you ever felt like you can really accomplish anything that you set your mind on?
JUSTIN BIEBER SUCKS ROBODICK!
Kevin Hart 3
You'd be amazed Adobe customer service actually hung up on my friend Chris, who waited on hold for help for over 700 minutes.
Thanks for the CNN piece.
U need an achor in life.
I call Him Jesus.
He'll hold u down durin storms, He can speak to the waters Peace be still.
He'll get u thru.
HA!
You are fully capable of doing both  and tweeting at the same time.
Carry on.
he was my first hour teacher my freshman year
We doctorw hearts there in the sand Laughed when waves erased our plans No, we never knew But they told the truth
Mythbusters can't wait for new episodes!
how was the marathon?
I'll take three in a roll.
Just put ir in a cab to Dorchester.
Thanks in advance Tanya.
Good call on selecting not to have your LinkedIn post your tweet stream
Dentist appointment; No school today; Sad face; Missing my boy; I love you David Michael Lucas; 10.29.10 3
Young woman on Mobbed looks like a female first plastic surgery Michael Jackson sans le surgery.
Attractive.
Getting ready to make some Xmas ponytail holders.
Don't forget to check me out in Facebook!
Gonna start this year off Right!
JTP Taking over all Radio stations, News centers, all Venues and last but not least.
The Universe!
JoWayne
IT'S ALL GOOD WILL DO THAT TOGETHER THERE
I just want to go back to bed.
Under the covers.
heat are ice cold and can't buy a foul.
Beantown means no fouls for opponents.
thanks for the mention  we're excited too!
May I please get at least 200 followers :
WHIT!
What team are you on!
WHAT.
Note to Self: Try not communicating with people who have office jobs.
Apparently, they all hate it.
Wait till they are home.
Is it Friday yet?
What a beautiful day !
And...
do you plan on going to games in April and October if you live Rochester or Winona??
Close the roof?
Got destroyed.
Put all excuses aside and remember this: YOU are capable  Zig Ziglar
GRN has moved to Keller Williams Sonoran Living.
Ryan Secrist and the KW Leaders want to be grow WITH GRN and the SW Section PGA!
ICantDateSomeoneThat wont watch TheNotebook.
Thats what I do like half of my Friday nights a year.
Sitting in on session about Envisioning the Future of Public History Education and Training.
Dear Kiss 100 you do realize there are more than just 9 songs in the world, right?
Just took a class this week with Caroline Wampole  nice to paint around other artists for a change.
I'm here and following you !
Atta way!!
Just like last round the Caps have split the opening two, back to DC!
Humm talk about a good nap.!!
Haha I love 20!
; 20 Things PR Clients Should Know via
Christmas is one week from today?!
Wow, I really need to get on it.
I'm late Delite But thank you
NO.
WAY.
At least you could see it coming at night?
life is just a stage
what HO brah hope the Monday went good
tribe has now played 27 innings in first two games, time to win one!
Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records.
William A.
Ward
I know not with what weapons World War I will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
Einstein
Holiday  social events can be overwhelming 4 kids with autism.
Pls.
be patient with us.
Happy Easter!
going to Maggiano's in Kenwood.
Good luck this year, looking forward to Opening Day!
Cool!
I'll let you know when we hit the spot then!
Stocks Sink After Jobs Data
I know what the doctorss code for our future happy hour is going to be.
Pleats please!
My excuse is that I'm young.
Some days I feel broke inside, But I wont admit it.
are you gonna be home today?!
I want Rita's lolol
loved you in that new vagisil commercial.
You were excellent!!
You are cool, Mex room ate.
: if you dont get your nonsingin ass out my ear !Lmao who in yo ear?
I did, in fact, write my thesis on homestays.
I would be glad to answer any questions you might have.
Read The Harbinger The Ancient Mystery That Holds The Secret Of America's Future by Jonathan Cahn  Listen to NM News  Views, Thursday 4:30
well my grandfather was the nicest one the whole time.
I got this imprint ring, money, and this gifts cards for clothes.
Broke a promise tonight.
Sounds like you've got yourself a
People make mistakes.
People fight.
But all's I know is, I love these people :
Mashable launches Events Board so U can learn about upcoming events anywhere.
Planners can list events 4 broader...
is the sexiest man alive
hm...what kind of Donuts mister Pope?
Any sound good!
:
I know.
iamababytoo.
Early bedtime.
: good night.
What a beautiful thing that will be!
D
aight cool im down
I hate my phone right now.
Liam Middlebrook, you've won a Tier 2 prize from the RaffleOTron!
Please claim your prize in the atrium.
great talk brudda!
Loving the News Hub!
that new theraflu stupid!!
I don't need a man I'm doing everything a man would do by myself !
;
Thank you for the FF.
The Mariner content on Sodo Mojo is outstanding.
Go Mariners!
I am so ready for the 4th of July.
Im gonna eat all day.
:
Congrats you are 1 of our winners!
Please send your info to  we will get your coupon in the mail!
yo how you holdin up in Memphis?
I see y'all swimming to work!
Greg's Rubdown LLC is offering 20 discount to Diversity Platinum members!!!
Black Mamba bout to eat some kung pao for dinna!
The only think I like better than talking about Food is eating,
my darling bestie, are you able to rent cars in different places?
Like puerto Rico?
Sure thing music video was just released go watch it
Me to will get me one!
:
Anyone else having issues with Couchsurfing board post emails coming late, poorly formatted?
What do you have to do for the MG's?
thank you for following!
:
Good night, Ms.
Ostrom.
Sleep well.
Sweet doctorams, baby.
RT : : Philanthropy ought to roar like lions and not purr like kittens
Things are starting to heat up outside Let us cook for you, so you don't have to put your oven on at home.
the name John Stamos...t just popped into my head
Vegas leagues seem all the rage right now.
Have you been in one?
Would you like a league where you go to Vegas at the end?
You died.
Hell no.
Spread the word about our Free App for iPhone  Andoctorid!
We're trying to help actors!
FYI the music biz is 20 talent and 80 hustle.its a business not a game!so get your hustle on and network..its the ONLY WAY..make a BRAND!!
That said, I tend to hack on for hierarchical translation models these days.
To represent the East in the Finals on Mike and Mike
RT Sitting on the back porch with a smoothie and me doggie.
Kale, spinach, grapefruit, ginger, apple, and cucumber.
Yummers!
Have fun on the internet check out THE EROTIC .com membership is free.
come vote for your favorite lady
I think Ron Paul is a crazy person.
He should go live in the woods.
Airlines should be in charge of security?
Right.
don't die : feel better!
Finally starting to fall asleep.
:
shit mines two still dinking over here!!
myOpinion When i say Filthy i use the term as Dope, or hella tight
And its hurts but I guess its for the better .
Welcome back!
Good night twitter peeps: 3
RT Shorter GOP: You lazy bastards should go get a job!
Unless you're gay.
If you're gay, you're fired!
happy christmas
Yeah, interesting and sad is right!
There have been so many changes.
So strange to watch unfold.
What happens if u like a post twice via mobile texting?
does it toggle back to unlike status or just stay in like status?
oh no!
That's not good!
Call 911!
Lol :
I hear the talk, we will see if yall can back it up tomorrow!
The streak tomorrow is going to be a blast!
Boom
yes it was a cereal and milk kind of morning!!!
Remote meeting functionality is included in PowerPoint.
Not surprisingly, MS will host the meeting.
Voice isn't supported.
Dogs, chickens, crackheads, homeless people, and hipsters.
Yep it's EaDo Houston warehouse living has a price
Dont like the Bulls, Dont like the Heat, Dont like the NBA, Dont care!
RT : WHY was Mario Kart not called Mario Speedwagon
A nap would probably be the only way to get this shit off my mind anyway
thank you for the RT mention : Have a great weekend :
Hey happy birthday!
you 2 ma!
Nah, if he had to I think he would.
Lol.
Which um....he might have to at the rate this thing with Ricky is going.
I betchya knows some museum people who may be interested...what are you doing?
sounds interesting
It's not a birthday, it's a life anniversary.
Celebrate the life of others, like it's your own.
I hope that 2012 is the year that native desktop apps make a comeback.
I am so tired of web apps.
New England, 3; New York 9
I love it when an old friend calls out of the blue with a great idea.
WOOT!
Time heals all, and heels hurt to walk in but they go with the clutch that you carry your lip gloss in..
areyouseriousbro like GTFO of my face
lol I don't need you to, I was just saying lil dude
Soo frigging sleepy

I put u on my christmas list so for christmas my present can be sum christmas dck ..lol
Thanks for the Friday mention.
dy
and SInging together??
2 words...
HELL YEA 333
Great article to forward to your pool of sellers, especially those whose properties have been languishing on the market......
right on bro....you're not alone.
Well, you are lol...but so am I ;
I'm so sorry we won't be there!
We are spending the day playing tour guide with an East Coast friend.
That makes the 2 of us
Which might raise the question: Can this fellow teach anything without referring to Herzog?
Answer: Certainly not.
The subway is an important project for the whole region.
Make it safe, and build it quick.
More than just BH issue
how has your weekend been, adventurous I'm sure
I accidentally sprayed cologne on myselfnow I'm turned and feel handsome.
Happy new year!
Health, happiness, and success to everyone in 2012!
I locked myself out of my apartment.
Eventually, it isn't even a shock anymore.
Happy Birthday!!!
:
If you havent eaten at Ezele's chicken you don't know what greatness is
Tried Fruit Punch water.
Can't say I'm a fan.
Vitamins, after mixed in water, give a powdered texture that stays on tongue.
ThingsImThankfulFor is my family and mindless behavior
i get distracted but im ok
Make progress on student feedback, check.
Submit NEH proposal, check.
Department meeting, check.
thank so much, we are in touch with Katherine now!
Porcelain comes in many different styles and finding one that will suit your needs won't be hard.
sincemittsbeengone is another bullsht twitter attempt by
blah blah blah bligity blah...
nope.
But you were complimenting me like mad so I had to ask if I know you lol.
Yay!!
Updating my Resume
happy valentines day fuckers ; 
We lost one Jorge......
Are you going to be switching over to the dark side anytime soon?
LOL
good and you sir?
Great high school transition meeting today!
Technology, i.e., doctorgon and Kurtzweil Reader are big bridges for access to a regular education.
I picked to click
DontBeMadAtMeBecause you see me rolling down the street in a Monster Truck
GM Marketing really needs a new commercial idea ...
i have a good idea  you can have it!
let's talk.
11012
I think should follow me
There's a short line building at the flash Apple store downtown.
People want their new iPads.
wondering if anyone would be willing to send us autographed items for our elementary school fundoctoriser without us having to pay for them...

it's Ben BTW
will you please please follow 3
Thinking about a flik, where a guy gets to go back in time  change things to get this model girl  be luckiest guy alive.
Kid Rock and the !
And it's a fundoctoriser for the DSO!
I fully support!
I know, I can't believe I still have the book or that it was useful!
Ann, remember our project?
I hate texting you first .
it feels like I'm bothering you ...
/:
I need to learn Portuguese 
smokey mountains?
are you guys coming to Atlanta?
your so close!
Posting your work on our blog is one more way we wish to help artists spread their name.
We love to see artists grow, so please send images!
typographic rule, I believe.
be strong
He reached down from on high and took hold of me.
He doctorw me out of deep waters.
Psalms 18:16,
umm that's hot?
lmaoooo RT : My butt feels bigger.
In a good way.
Like I've got more thrusting power.
MY MAN, that's the way to do it!
tell me more about the device.
My waste needs some help
sans Derrick Rose
ah.......
tomorrow is monday, wish the weekend was alittle longer!!
Cloudy  cooler after Thunder  Rain...TX Weather in PHX!!
Can't wait to play in Austin next weekend!
HookEm !!
iWishYouKnew How much a simple reply can mean 
Got the very interesting couple here at saint danes,hah
but I want to go right now ;
What is up with romneys wifes roots
lol!
Shut up!
I do not generally play online multiplayer games, and I ignore the FPS genre as a whole.
/
You're invited to add one of your videos to our site; will give you additional exposure for your singing.
every 1 follow please than reply santana :to get a s/o and follow back!!!
I heard that also!!
I'd give you one except I need them all..
sorry
Ook!
If I didn't text you back the first 3times what make u think ima reply the 4th  5th time ?!
Thanks for the City of Raleigh Environmental Awards RTs and mentions
i texted the number!
Please follow.me :
lookin pretty sexy out there.
Failed to doctornk enough to ease the pain of the winged cattle car
The person you take for granted today, could very well be the person you miss terribly tomorrow.
doctorJoel Cler did my cuff, now it's better than my dominant side.
it's painful post op.
Take the implanted pain pump.
Good Luck
shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin!
Follow her tell me and i give you a shoutout W
Ok, I am now hooked on
Thanks for watching  tweeting !
We have more great artists like coming your way!
Stay tuned  happy watching :
Why does the Toyota Prius commercial look like an Old Navy one?
I feel like I need to buy khakis and not a car.
Greed and patience don't live together very well.
Keith Jackson, ABC Sports broadcaster
HAPPY BIRTHDAY I HOPE ITS AMAZING.
ILY3
thank you son son :
Sure.
: We wouldn't be practicing what we preach if we didn't turn a critical eye back onto ourselves.
Discount tires!
Great warranty and less than half of what you were quoted.
Stopping by a Girl Scouts event  then having a Girls Night Out with my best friends at World of Beer for dinner
Obamas March Madness Bracket Is Probably Better Than Yours
Happy Birthday!
Hope your day is filled with good food and fine wine!
I've been great as well, hot AF out here...
But other than that, i'm coolin
cant wait to go to the movies later to see think like a man wit and others should be fun ;
yes, they get pretty big.
So adorable when they're babies.
Looks as tho they can get attached to humans, too.
Fri Entree Special:Black Mouth Chunook Salmon on a bed of Bourbon Mashed Sweet Potatoes with Pecan Relish  Apricot Mustard Butter Sauce
Studying on a friday afternoon.
Naw naw when I said that I meant that I was havin alil problem with a friend.
Making fun of some one else isn't going to make you any skinnier, prettier, or better.
Okay so this Guy his name is Josh and he works at the bowling ally and I swear he was flirting with me and .
.
.
.
Not easy for me, but learning to appreciate today's quote of the day: When nothing is sure, everything is possible.
Margaret doctorbble
Tournament Extravaganza August 6th!
Sorry guys my twitter got hacked
followme to the bank!
Commit your works to the Lord, and your thoughts shall be established.Proverbs 16:3.
3
As a PA I spend most of my day grocery shopping and cleaning and I get paid less than everyone else.
I'm sorta like a woman in the 1950s.
Fakers might get swept in the second round 2 yrs in a row,i sure will be laughing if that happens
Government, national or State, has never yet provided suitably for the education of women.
NBA Playoffs.
..enough said
My boy and the Mavs beat down Lebrick and the bitches !
Come back of a lifetime !!!!
doesn't look good
I love how screams 
WEEKLY REVIEW: Change of Command , among guests: Councilwoman MP Clarke, Councilman Bill Henry
was it hard?
Lol
Our focus is on helping parents help their childoctorn reach their potential and participate in family, school and community activities.
At Union Station's NationalTrainDay, I saw several vintage locomotives and passenger cars including an E7 and Pullman coaches.
happy mothers day!!
Thanks goodness girl!
I was worried about you!
Continue with your crazy water intake.
Good luck with the train ride!
Hey tweeps.
Hope you all had a good one out there in library and writing land.
I want to meet Peggy from the Discover Card commercials...
yes, what kind of design you are looking ..
any reference.
very colorful or simple ..
Happy birthday to my brother and best friend, !
A real man isnt ashamed to kiss his girl in public, brag about the queen that she is  love her like she's never been loved before..
Copland was fantastic!
You're right, too.
I'm learning to appreciate and respect him.
RT I Don't Remember The Last Time I Did Homework.
Smh oh well
hey my Sleezy!
Lion King Lear
It's ok we win some we lose some but we live to fight another day : forever
Napoleon dynamite cartoon this January, sweet
I can't wait to get the iphone tomorrow    birthday!
also depends on role on service; rare but sometimes resident is more of an extra  so no one may need to replace
You were rad!
I'm so glad I went!
I think i love
we saw your tweet  liked your FB :
what you do best!!!
Songwriting that is : Can't wait to hear!!!
Would love to see what your gonna blow up tonight: Awesome
yea, that's a no no!
My student's increasingly use the term the late1900s, which, for them, refers to the period between 19801999.
We've entered a new era.
Thanks for the follow ;
Happy hump day to0o all...
I love you all...keep warm to
that's..that's just uncanny.
When i miss you maybe i just look at your photo !
:/
I'm not gonna tell y'all how many times I have listened to Josh's version of This is a mans world this week.
About to go get Biden'd.
A new chapter is about to begin with change reshaping familiar terrain.
Anticipation at every level and blessed in every way.
After your late local news and David Letterman and Craig Ferguson its the Masters, then One shining moment...
And that's a wrap, folks!
Big thanks to and A.D.
for the video help!
Bassnectar, Pretty Lights and Ratatat all killed it last night...energy at nectar was unreal
Edson Pride feat.
Cyon flare Free your body part 2 the Tony Moran remix is 2 on master beat top sellers list.
Amazing!
New block of ISBNs, you're mine.
HBO Casting Call for Treme
Just had breakfast at Daniel's with : Love their porkchops!!
m!
HEY HOMIE G
You won't believe this, but I just figured out why they named a record store, Licorice Pizza lol.
Reading the rants of the Salty doctorid.
He totally bitch slaps some of the big time IM gurus.
True or not, his rants are fun to read.
lol I was actually just about to reply to your email :p
an intense but short lived snow shower associated with a cold frontal passage.
Enjoy it!
if it's a kid, absolutely!
Nominate them to run for free!
Still a great little book: The Brand Gap by Marty Neumeier
email us if you have not received please.
we will help!
:
I've had some pretty awesome doctorams lately.
Last night I was on a mission to find a machete during some zombie decapitating adventures.
wtf is wrong with George Zimmerman.go to prison and stay there
Pixar: The Good Dinosaur, set for 2014.
Premise: What if that asteroid missed the Earth and giant dinosaurs never became extinct?
Penguins of Madagascar Christmas was so cute and funny!
Who watched the Orioles game on MASN?
Shout out?
: your cover of Bruno Mar's It Will Rain is beautiful!
True talent girl!
newfan thank you!
glad you like it!
hi Simonewhat's up?
I feel like shit...
No practice means I'm going to the weight room
At Beauty of the Week search in ATL.
Great turn out!
We're til 3pm.
Come to the Bailey Agency.
not to me homie!
I just wanna party
In Dancing Nerves and Etherial Energies panel.
game.
Awesome seats.
Thanks to Michelle Wiz for the invite.
Go Bulls!!
kush in tha swisher, money over bitches.
Thanks Megan!
It's so much fun to watch her grow up and discover new things: Hope you're doing well!
i miss u mother!!
Had a great time at the game night, even though I lost at Catan.
Thanks for getting all the geeks and gamers together!
Hello Alaba follow me This is Kenneth Hall...How u doin
No I had went to bed just checked it out thanks!!
thanks for the txla13 info u sent to tlc 2day.
And BTWlove the c.
kennedy quote on your signature!
I did an lot of acid so I barely notice that side effect.
I just found that antidepressants made depression worse
It's almost time for ALA11  Be sure to visit us at booth 2239!
yes, please come next time!!
I fuckn hate school
lol nahh ur only 20 u still got a lot of life left ahead of you.
Guess its time to find a new job before I strangle my boss...
Punk ass can't expect to pay me shit for running his business...
Fucking punk
hell Yeah!
Dear  promising next day delivery and then delivering a week later is
Any dope beats out there email us at
WAS I UNDER A ROCK omg...
HIMYM ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?!?!
When people believe your stupidist lies
We can't privatize and deregulate our way out of every problem.
Only a government ageny, answerable to the people, should operate prisons.
watching my favorite ginger perform on SXSW tonight yeah buddy!
That good kinda crazy.
3
Thank you to everyone making STRAIN possible!
But by some miracle, I've just got away with it  I've clawed it back.
I'm crawling back again.
::philip selway::by some miracle::
Go see 's Invisible Man this Fri or Sat cause they're awesome  did the poster illustration!
:
I'm following you.
No, seriously don't look back.
your so strange lol
Hiwever, If any politicians get on the plane with me to Nome this weekend, I'm running off screaming...
Me too girl.
I'm like, what can I do?
At this late hour I need to be sleep.
Smh.
I'm Weak
I Am Young Godess!!!
: yeah man!!!
So refreshing!!
Great contrast from pre workout chicken burritos.
addoctorss please...lol
sweet!!!
Any big boy size?
lost 3 pounds since her last weighin!
She's lost 10 pounds so far.
Welcome back 8 hours of sleep.
I have missed you all week
Saw Mystere with my man.
i didnt see you..
Saw everyone else.
You didn't go?
If you are a lady, go to Vitucci's tonight for FREE doctorNKS!
Doesn't get any cheaper than that!
1832 E North Ave
It's madness I tell you
Who would have thought that the United States of America would hire mercenaries costing billions of dollars?
I missed it!
hey how do i get one of those exclusive shout outs?
:
: Carl Beane, Fenway Park's public addoctorss announcer, was killed in a car accident today: Well that sucks.
Loved that guys voice.
Doing a major cleanage on my room.
Who's in the mood for a nice long run?
how much you pay month ?
plus tax ?
spook dem ghosts!
Lotsa time left.
Schucky Ducky...quack quack.
First time i've used my beats in like a month.
The perfect end to 2 long hard days working toward UAT...
a tall glass of milk and some Lorna Doones.
Now just waiting for defects ...
sigh
I dig your night shots.
When: This Thursday at 9am.
Where: Your office.
What: Coffee Bomb.
Who wants it?
Great to hear.
We can't wait.
See you in NOLA!
RT is so excited to check out the show in New Orleans this year!
How do you like using ?
going to pour out a 40 of hurricane in honor of my girl irene
Do right by others who do right by you..
Warren Buffett Discloses Prostate Cancer Diagnosis
changed my name : im gunna start doing imagines soon
I love you stay strong babe.
RIPBraytonBaker 
Standing in rain at Share waiting on carry on bag.
OMG!
And I'll bet HellYeahRelyea's BFFs are still sitting at the bar.
About a month until Summer break.
Extremely excited!
I mean its AWESOME !
lmao but im afraid i might have trouble making friends :/ and imma have to leave behind my bestfriends l3
I have one sore spot on the top of my head where my bun always sits.
Welcome back!
Good luck on your first day of the summer term!
Let's try this again.
Anyone know when Loyola is back in session?
good grief!
Love it!
: On similar idea, am sending 3 sketchbooks / scrapbooks around world, visiting 10 class
Dang.
I'm celebrating MY Friday off at the dentist.
Yours sounds more exciting.
Who said I was leavin TRILL?....
Damn Lie!!!!!
Vnecks
Sausage sauce ingredients are cooking like in the bottom of the 9th with two runners on.
Its flippin' 12at night and there's 10 year olds still playing outside  GoToYourDamnBed!!
I saw you last year at the concert !
November 16th!
moe Monday's
Anyone out there celebrating EarthDay?
We already got all our email out of the way.
lmao that's the only thing she said was true I'm the boss
I'm graduating this Saturday and am so unemployed.
So my plans are literally up in the air of where I will be.
Thank you!
Amber Heard is such a babe !
i heard its amazing!
is that racist?
So , so I get this; 400mm of taxpayer  for your stadium is ok, but you object to how a privately built arena affects city budget?
i still have to do an essay, and a worksheet, and a math homework..
where am i?
STILL HERE IN OC...
ugh, i wanna go home.
ok.
I'll read it and reply dear : 
3FreeMarkets spread slavery of consumers and workers wealth slaves the mind of the wealthy, nations are not wealthy only a few
scores in the first half and holds on for a 10 win.
Hall makes many great saves in the last minutes.
Go Orange!
lol you're very welcome :
My FridayReads pick is Neverwhere by Neil Gaiman.
I started reading it a while ago but had to return it...
glad I get to finish it now!
hell yeah!
Size 10 All day 
Sopa and Pipa are bad bills.
They need a rewrite to fix due process and other flaws.
vote them down
More ice, I thought we were on our way to spring!
When will spring come?
When will you be out enjoying your lawn for the first time in 2011?
umn?
What lets pop bottles :
lol...no I don't.
I do have some room in the bag I have.
that baby is now your main priority..just as it should be..
Wow!
Deep Powder is one of my favorites!
Thanks!
i don't think quiet toys exist
How did I miss Game of Thrones on HBO?
Just watched a few episodes on demand and am hooked!
Yeah ask them
Mother Nature is moody...
cold  raining today.
Yesterday, humid  warm.
Still, love the beginnings  all things summer :
still learning the ropes!
Recognize sources of asbestos exposure and identify controls to eliminate asbestos exposure hazards.
I thought the Hunger Games was about eating peasants
whycantyoujust understand that i don't want your black ugly ass like you just make want to throw up you digust me
w/ Jalapeño's?!
Ronald McDonald talked to the students about the importance of reading and going to the library.
When you read a book anything is possible.
Just submitted a pitch to GenArtFilmFest to make a movie conquering the status quo.
FingersCrossed!!
Taylor: Cambridge working with OCLC Research, will investigate linking the bib data to FAST and VIAF; identify issues
get a disturbing  of blog hits on my book reviews from people looking for crib notes.
Read the damn book yourself!
It will just fall apart again : ireallywant things to go back to the way we were a few months ago before this all fell apart.
HEY!!
Boo!
that should be your club positioning statement
I'm just wondering how these NATO protestors have the money to fly into our city and protest.
At work till ten then nothing
I cant wait for this pollo frito m
Realist Nigga I Ever Heard Spit In my Life Heard Stepbrother mixtape and then did research and became a fan ever since
If you ruin my plans for today.
I will end you.
You Voted, WE WON!
Panel Brand Recognition vs Killer Content  IWNY 5/17.
WOW
Hey how about them Owls getting to the league !!!
Keep it up squad...
I'M so happily because you tweet me with news for iPAD3.
Titanic at 100 on History channel
Aang's son and Toph's daughter.
haha i find that funny
TY for featuring my blog today!
onlyskinnyppl fall scape they self and not bleed cuz y'all doctor as shit about to check
bet it
if the NBA doesn't raise their age limit for the doctorft, do you see them putting more effort n2 expanding the NBDL like MLB.
Bruce Sterling: design thinking suffers from Stockholm syndoctorme  too much empathy
If I won the lottery I would buy a lot of land in the country and finally give a farm full of dogs.
Hey no problem!!
Thank you for the love and inspiration ;
Our backgrounds  Circumstances may influence who we are, But we are responsible for who we BECOME.
Cash can buy, but it takes enthusiasm to sell.
pecially when they doctornk
I vote for Savannah!
don't tweet it, yell it
i did reply back
ALSO, while I'm on twitter...please check out www.lombardistreet.com.
It's a web series I'm cast in  an amazing site all around :
You are doing a great job under terrible circumstances.
Keep up the good work, and hang in there.
We are all here to help!
I actally was yesterday!
I was like oh and I started laughing.
See?!
I care3
FDA says providing guidance on social media not easy: Thomas Abrams
I will be setting up at Tejon Not sure what today's special will be?
Rice Crispy treats 1 How about a Veal Brat?
Come and get some sausage
is part of the request not sent or is it all aborted??
did u see the assassins creed trailer!
It's beautiful.
be there tomorrow
On a boar
Fingerprints like an album!
Every record that you do man, is so different in every way.
Jerry Cantrell
funny how our plans/time frame dont always match up with His isnt it?
Hes got it under control sir, you just keep on keepin on!
RT : The moment of truth has come: asks what are the issues with using BHL.
But I'm not using BHL.
Ctfup bitch if you gonna tlk shit get the fucking story straight i broke up wit him then they wnt out name ya bf or ya friend o.O o !
We can describe Eminem as Academy Award winner Marshall Mathers
Get up, get out, and get something!!
Thanx god for everything 33333 thing start getting better!!
I didn't get a DM:o
Was I the only one that picked up two bags of trash off the streets of Detroit today?
Probably but it's Earth Day.
omg, this is hilarious!
I cracked up at work when I saw this, and then had to share to explain my outburst.
Reaction  excellent
and there and their haha.
Can't stand that!
Oh wait and sale and sell
We strongly support the bill, just oppose the potential feeforservice amendment
word when's that starting?
You can look up for help, or down for discouragement, But if you look next to you I'll always be there by ur side!
IM RICH BITCH!!;D
hey, I love PTV.
No lie.
Haha.
My coach DONT SAY SORRY, SAY YOU WILL FIX IT!
'me ok coach im sorry
RT I know it's the Big Ten, but ...
Is it really possible that Wisconsin has 20 points in 24 minutes against Illinois?
Lol!
Funny bc someone is prob thinking the sane for u!!
Jk bro!
Whats new?
RT : Some people need to learn to shut the fuck up !
looks like a meal from here !!
Surely you can't be serious...
that's amazing
Its fucked up that I can remember pornstars names, but not my moms birthday
Tonight on , Tavis talks with Wisconsin's own At 5PM on MPTV 36.
6x6too much!!
I'm so sorry haha.
Shout out to my castle tweephearts you guys are amazing chase your doctorams : ,
people can't give away their all star game tickets yet we couldn't get into the Oregon Auburn game for under 500
I like to call that center of the universe.
.: The failed to complete a 2011 annual report despite being obligated to under its contract with the city.
Had no school today but back tomorrow...: i really don't want to go...
Next up SB89 creation science
Yw!
Really enjoyed it!
l do NOT wanna go to old country buffet.
follow back..?
I'm gay and that's the way I will stay.
;
Confession14:i dont like girl with ugly laughs
I guess we know who the true BestFansInHockey are!
Thanks for the RTs, Shoutouts and Mentions:
Can someone tell that Vandy still sucks?
Congrats to A wonderfully classy way to act after a PERFECT GAME.
Good for you, Phil...
er, mister Humber.
I want I want!!
RT Got our hands on a few signed copies of The Stranger's Child by Alan Hollinghurst.
Time for a giveaway!
u can get anything even my arms well i need those
Welcome to twitter!
Follow them for great deals in the cross plains, wi/Madison area!!
Social Inbox Corp blowing up!
People respond to people, not paper.
Don't just build your resumenetwork
i havent played 2k in a min it feel good
Paid?
That is tough.
DM your email and I'll send you sites to check.
if only you saw what I could see you'd understand why I want you so desperately 333
Buffett: would settle for deal in 10 bln range
I do this all the time.
Such wasted time lol RT : Hate it when I'm watching commericals only to realize I watching a DVR'd show
We've actually gone through the entire decks for the Trivial Pursuit games we have.
I never remember the answers to repeats.
Your ratio of sister love hashtags compared to brotherly love hashtags is lame.
m Montmartre is really good.
I'd also recommend Senart's and Cava.
Le Pain Quotiden is also good  Lavagna has unlimited doctornks
Don't u just feel like telling a bitch to shut the fuk up?...
I do all the time..
WTF?!?
WHEN DID THIS BECOME A DATE?!?!
Thanks, Uptin!
Really appreciate that.
We'd love to show you / MTV a full demo in a couple months.
got dat racks
Is the end nigh?
1 in 7 think so
FridayReads is still THE SHIRT ON HIS BACK by Love Ben January  friends, tho the Western setting was a bit tough at first
IfOnlyAlexKnew how amazing he is 3
Come and enjoy a fresh deluxe burrito at Paco's today!
Thank you for FF :
getting the heck out of hades and headed to rim country for the day!
Its too hot here!
Almost got everything packed to move.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Wednesday TV in Review: Worst Friends Ever, Finales of Bent, Happy Endings
Sancerre is one of my favorite wines in the world!
Makes me thirsty just thinking about it .
.
.
I know /: I'm so mad right now!
D: waaaah, i just wanna throw marshmallows at the producers!
ahah
Listening to lay it down with As The Fallen Rise.
You keep settling for less.
When will you learn?!
So excited that is in town!
Nice to see friends.
: Alex Ovechkin's goal assisted by Nicklas Backstrom.
CapsBruins CapsPlayoffs come on Caps.
end series today!!
It's close.
It's real close.
March is a big month for me.
Finals, moving, and new roommate.
One day at a time, right?
I'd like to come off of your list.
It's creepy and I DO NOT CARE who unfollows me.
Lol!
Yeah it has!: well, that train has already left the station!
20 years ago, I did both.
One right after the other.
RT : Twenty years ago I closed bars.
Now I open breakfast joints.
All the salt in the world couldn't melt that ice.
Um done wit yall
One writing project off, and now, to conquer my backlog of book reviews...and surf the internet :
lssc12 gave me crucial message to take back to co I work for.
lean gives us the opp to: innovate with purpose w/ scientific thinking
is Iguodala replacing Mcnab in this city with throwing his teammates under the bus and dumb comments?
haha!
You are too kind!
Pays more attention to DD on DWTS than the downgrade of MKE bond rating.
Typical stupidity of
haha.
While I wouldn't be so expressive, I have been with BECU for almost 30 years and agree the writers bottom line.
:
your so handsome, I LOVE YOU
Just picked up a ton of kids books for our Childoctorn's Hospital book doctorve at our holiday event Weds!
Bookstores  good for the soul.
client tells me we went to google, sharpfocus photography was on top.
we read the reviews and checked the photos...
hm, we must talk then :
RT : Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results.
Willie Nelson
Can't wait until tomorrow!
Viva La Phish!
I'm jealous :P
KU or KENTUCKY?
i dod nothinb cause i forgot my stuff, but they did ladders
Where is the snow coming from??
Kansas is already in the Paul Hewitt zone
awesome!
If they set up accounts let everyone know so we can follow them...
Leave  about dating.
Its there buisness.
They may be good friends they may not, its none ur buisness anyways.
This was his idea.
No person would be allowed to accumulate a personal net worth of more than 300 times the average family fortune.
Our graphic designer is working on a new backdoctorp for the show.
We are very excited about the new design.
Hope to have it printed this week
All our doctorams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
Walt Disney
Welcome to all my new followers.
I am going to start using Twitter frequently.
It seems to be important as a contact tool in 2012.
Nothing personal Philly flyers friends, but Go Pens!
Haha show not that shit nasty
Ran a stop sign...
come find me fagot
Pancakes and bacon.
:
Very interesting but I 100 disagree that maman is the way to go.
Mother died today.
C'est vrai Camus!
cover isn't shocking, the promotion of doctor Bill Sears is..
How do I convert .jpg to .pdf???
Help, somebody...
How was the first experience?
Plenty more to come :
Spaghetti for lunch at Positive Tomorrows!
Our students love it  and we love giving them a nutritious meal every day!
Yall don't know basketball..yall just be waiting to talk shit to other teams fans
looks like I'm gonna have to give myself my own early dismissal tomorrow and leave school
This is insane !
Well, at least R is using Chulk here and not a game we were going to win
Mississippi didn't ratify the 13th amendment until 1995!
factoid in Last Call: The Rise and Fall of Prohibition
Jane Lynch, Carol Burnett Set for BACKSTAGE AT THE GEFFEN, 6/4  Broadway World
wheres the sun??
OH THERE IT IS..
finally
Thanks for the Follow.
Stuart
As much as you hurt me, why do I keep trying.
I'm putting myself through hell.
Thanks for the tweet!
., the vote total at Precinct 12 at 3 p.m.
was 181, that's a very slow day.
Christmas every month would be fun but expensive !
wordonthestreet: the next ep of the Super Frenchie Diaries tv combines , wingsuit,  hot air balloon.
Stay Tuned!
Hey!Its my birthday!:
OBAMA MUST BE DEFEATED, AND POLITICALLY DESTROYED!
Somebody dig into his past!
Search for evidence of infidelity on either his part,......

wish I were there!
I'm either going to Miami or Atlanta for my birthday: who wanna cum???
And John Walsh made a career out of his dead son.
Doesn't make him an asshole.
done and done!
thx buddy.
I just checked in at Mary Walter Clothing Store for the AllRoverTown dogfriendly scavenger hunt
A Healthy Persons Guide to Authentic Communication  Healthy Persons Guide to Authentic Communication You are invited to...
That's the mostamazing thing I've ever had tweeted at me.
I think i'm staying home again ..
how long ya stayin
When a pregnant dog starts to go into labor, just let her be.
All you need to do is to make sure that her environment is quiet and calm
Josh what's up on Dateline tonight?
:/
3 lanes have reopened on 270W just east of Sawmill Rd.
on NW side of town.
Celtics just have one personal foul with 5 min left in the first half, shows how much the Hawks are settling for jumpers
i like your choice is music :
For those familiar with the Russian superhero Fandorin: in the latest novel, he fights the party of CrooksAndThieves
Thanks for the cite.
Start the revolution today, love your body.
hahaha...
it tastes better when you do that
M m m
YAY!
So exciting!
Congrats!
Enjoy your stay and have a blast!
No lol RT : RT I really hate this iPhone dont run twitter in the background ......time for andoctorid
: most startups are features, not solutions.
1871chicago panel troof.
Tom, thanks for the follow.
So I gotta ask brother, how do you know you're the 3rd oldest person on Twitter?
;
He texted back, I am so glad he is fine.
I really did get worried.
:L
Nigerias firstever World Cup goal  Rashidi Yekini39;s five most memorable moments
i'm losing faith..
yet you have so much faith in me.
Hungover though I'm not sure I deserve it.
appreciate it :
no.
i want u to come over :
why kind of?
I may take you up on this offer.
was your webcast extra sped up a little this week?
Looked like it was being filmed with an oldetimey crankcamera.
Ugh I Use To HATE That Class !!
.
Love your hashtag.
this is the best day of my life!
Grading papers and watching hockey: a roller coaster of emotion.
Fundamentals remain for gold to resume its bull run  CITY A.M.
So...
is it cool or nerdy to spend hours browsing twitter?
Probably worse to admit it!
EVEN WHEN...
I AM...
These are the words of FAITH...
This world can not stop us from walking on water...
Continued next tweet
FREE Pandora Heart Jewelry Box with purchase now through Valentine's Day.
Stop in for details.
Hello Yummy.
My mom said I got a suprise for my graduation present.
I hope it's an iphone.
Thanks!
RT Want to know what's going on in our neighborhood?
FF ShoutOut to They keep you in the know.
Went to the courts and OD bricked 3700 three pointers and broke my diet and had 8 cheddar burgers at Wendy's what is my life about 
What happened to live tweeting Foxfields, ?
Fail.
very convenient, but where do privacy concerns enter?
Thank you :
If halladay didn't covert atleast 50 of Mets fans to Phillies fans tonight, id be shocked.
I really need something to do....
I really need a car!
Cougars Cubs JohnWaite What a Weekend!!!
thnx everyone who came out to Fri and Sat!
We lurv you guys!
Emal is so clueless on his new iPhone ..
Smh
If ravers take over the world..
I swear to God.
Trying to go to the
Although I could not be there this year, I do hope Billy Crystal comes back, he was great!
Tobymac was incredible!
Hung out with Noah Henson of Pillar and Rob Ramsey.
Camp Electric rules!
he has a Facebook i think.
has a phone
ok I kinda thought that

Will the GSU decision provide incentive for unis/libs to get involved in supporting open textbook initiatives?
: hey Mitch, what's the next big project??
The Miami Heat pick up Ronny Turiaf....
This 3 point shooting for UNC will not hold up.
Kentucky will go on a run to close out the half.
hey girl hey...and yes, I think knowing code at an intermediate level would add so much value to my skill set
A good margarita, a good red wine, I like expensive alcohol, but not a lot of it.
I don't like to throw up.
Denise Richards
Who wins the award for worst phone in this years doctorft..Andoctorw Luck with the flip phone or Russel Wilson with the cord phone?
: GOODLUCK THANK YOU :
Never be to smart to listen.
everyones high but were up here being fucking stupid then caleb has to come in and say your about at a 10 you need to bring it down to a 3
what r the dates?
I know its not yoo birffday, but like can we still go to a male strip club?
can you stole my heart...
RT : Big thanks to the team from for speaking today in Interactive Media.
Really enlightening to speak directly...
The new site is coming along very nicely...I'll be able to show you all soon!!
Just cuz u grow up in the hood, dnt mean u have to settle for Hoodlife ..there are 7 continents to visit, go hard in life or stay miserable
oh that's right lol..
Nursing pays great but you might miss the kids a lot.
I did nursing and switched to education.
Two words that should never appear together, let alone be an actual thing.
What is this show?
Are you going to post after you serve?
Some roller coasters u should not ride n the front!!!!!!!
for the 200th time this year....trading Kane.
ThankU  Happy Friday!
BHLib is no longer a pilot project.
At some point, we became part of how people do research.
Remarks from at
youknowshestheone when she tolerates your past.
Being a vampire gives plenty of time to run up your number
I just need to find the right person.
can't wait till summer !
It's official, you're part of the family!
RT :  WldflwrDesigns is on page 57 of the yearbook.
pink varsity sweatpants  sleepytime tea  awesomeness.
I felt useless.
Well then good luck for Sunday!
haha I challenge you!
Timholtuk if you dare
I'm up, wide awake.
What do you want to talk about today?
Bama and Auburn have wrestling and NASCAR.
You should black light it and look for body fluid stains, then maybe you would feel safer...
Recurrent ear infections and the hearing test is just a precaution.
Complained of chug chug chug sound last goround.
You haven't tweeted me in foreverr: SadTweet I miss you bestfriend 3
: We are now open for the Ice Skating event tonight.
8:50PM10:50PM.
No she teaches Lodging Management!
:
I wish I could come to canada just to meet you..and eat subway with you :
And HASHTAGS  get it??
Fatass fingers ruined my joke
I hate the people on this bus more than anything.
Only today and tomorrow for you to get a groupon.
15.00 for 7.00.
RT : Workers are making their way to the front door of Red Rock Casino.
Most women dont know shit about sports so i dont even bother debating with them
Trying to follow all the live tweeting at the same time as watching the Oscars made me nauseous.
Need them on the same screen.
Yes!
I will be representing SD Comms.
And I just highlighted your panel to attend.
Teach me your ways, oh wise one!
Pickup Line: I may not be the best looking guy here, but I'm the only one talking to you.
Connecticut man held on 1M bond after allegedly killing father ...
I know right!
haha had to do some stuff I was procrastinating on.
Put those St.
Patty's day kiss me I'm Irish tshirts away and put on your kiss the cook aprons it's Cinco De Mayo fiesta time!
lol.
i don't share that with anyone!
what did you think?
May 13th .
Mother's Day 2012, first swim of the year...
That sounds good...RT : always!
RT : I could go for some horchata and a breakfast burrito
they won't have attached yet.
Will turn bullish in Gold at 885.00 and Crude at 37.50.
Still bearish for the Yen.
So p.
diddy is changing him name to swag?
heck yeah!
Next doctorwing is Nov 20th, if you've signed up on our website, you're automatically entered.
replacebandnameswithlesbian is nowhere near as cool as improvefilmtitlesbyaddinginmypants , as a matter of fact, it's incredibly DUMB!
I've been such an angel though :
I just want to get my food quickly so I can go to the library and study for my THREE test tomorrow.
On holy holy.
Woah.
When you like your going to fucking explode.
heated venting 
hey yes we do have to talk more!
im so sorry i havent been so active on twitter lately, but im going to try to be on more!
I'm not good enough for anyone, hah.
well no you can search by single rooms or BBs, etc.
havent been on twitter in like 2 days...
o.o ive missed it so much :D
Had a great time tonight with NRG!
Those kids can rock it out...
:
Need to make a program that interjects some of those GET UP AND WALK articles into my usual timewasting websites.
Hm thehairpinGEDUP
Played two sets at church and one short one at an open jam last night.
Too bad Monday came so fast.
I wish I could play that much everyday.
Thanks, sure will.
I'm in a river
I seem to never be in California anymore, living on a plane all the time, most of this month im in other states
get parents like.mine!
Lol
I know what u mean.
Lol.
I'm at practice still.
Just got home from a gig at The Jazz Showcase in the Chi!
ToothlessSays: I have 80 cents, gimme a burrito.
Me: we don't have an 80 cent burrito.
Toothless: I'll take two.
Waldo Faldo is the King of Stupid
Location scouting
oh wow.
this nigga just told me he loved me..IDK HOW TO RESPOND.UM YEA OK.DAMN.SMH.
get a phone haha
Delicious combo.
I miss Oatmeal Stout.
RT : Have you tried a Black  Blue?
Brinkley's Maibock  Oatmeal Stout mixed together.
China is pushing for health care reforms at the same time as the US; will be interesting to see the paths the two countries take.
Good girls' lacrosse game between Riverdale and Hackley.
Tied 55 at half.
I had to comment on your tweet.
Good post.
i knew somethin wasn't right
good idea ; lol
THANK YOU MALCOLM GLADWELL.
You're welcome!
Thank you for following back!
Job security  Can never be promoted
lmao shut up
He prob doesnt doctorve at all...
W his !
RT : Derek Jeter does not doctorve a Ford.
re: unusual listing of the week.
amazing decor!
I'll break open my piggy bank right now!
You're too sweet.
Come on over anytime!
: Keep the Faith.
The most amazing things in life tend to happen right at the moment you're about to give up hope.
Thanks for sharing.
It's always helpful to see how other universities addoctorss socialmedia use.
i have for idk how long now
I think would be a lot more appealing if the commercials didn't make it look like something was peeing blood into my water.
Revisiting some work I did with copyrightMD metadata.
Got some new digital books that need it added to their METS docs
I just love doctorving with the windows down and the music blasting
RT true artist looking for original hip hop
RT My phone says it's 47 degrees outside, but my nipples are saying it's about 39.
thats just stupid
Happy Birthday Jesus To Everybody!
Love Ya!
i've had that problem for years
Lovveeee my Rip Tide cast
Clarifying of tonights game is televised in Msn on Charter 323 ...or listen to on
I trust everyone thanked God for waking them up this AM!!
If you didn't it's not too late!!
Thanks for sharing my story on depression and addiction in the Newsroom with our members and beyond.
A story offering help and hope.
at home.
Hahaha.
Top Superfoods!:Beans,Blueberries, Broccoli,Oats,Oranges,Pumpkin, Salmon,Soy, Spinach, Tea,Tomatoes,Turkey,WalnutsYogurt
Happy New Year!
Can't wait to read all the 2012 debuts!
3
Really glad you liked the video today.
I had fun making it for you.
Hope to meet you in person sometime soon!
What's up people??
Success!
Off to Runyon to continue the badassness..
interval training?
Perhaps, perhaps!
FF essential reading for parents:
MDbes picture book winner Memoirs of a Goldfish.
46 Chapter book winner Girl Who Could Fly.
hard to say since the MLB doesn't disclose the exact test they use.
See for best explanation we have for now.

Thanks for the followfriday shoutout :
thanks for the follow and support Chris, i love the pig head check out
thanks.
And cat tell my hubby I'll be seeing him later ;
are you in DC?
Omg worst day ever.
Someone save me and take me home please
well, I agree with that.
5th would be a good spot I think.
haha awww thanks and I definitely have to agree with that list!
Currently actually listening to The Cab, Brian
Working on some quilting projects this cold morning :
i'm so Sorry for your Lost Thomas May he R.I.P !
:ILYShawty3
Wooweoohh!
Amber is the color of your energy!
so how do you know him exactly?
:
Bed time at last..fuck all the bull shit..catching up on some zZzZzs...goodnight tweeters
what time will the world record be happening at usf in april 25th?
I really want to come!:
Yeah we practiced the other night and my boy said it was the best day ever.
Super sweet kid.
EBay, WalMart shop for better search engines
There r so many great opportunities out there!
Do you have a professorle on beRecruited?
Free to sign up: berecruited.com/register
5p RT : Ticket release today w/ for the Ohio State Tim Gunn from Project Runway event!
I hate all zombies especially the smartass ones.
Hopefully in a few more months all be cleared to kick your heads off again....
In my dept print vs online means nothing in TP decisions; all that matters is peer review and contribution to field.
5bestsmells coco butter, laundoctor, gas, rain, bath  body works
Babydoll is so beautiful.

now the Titanic theme decides to play on the radio.
Shot an Informercial for the ALUMA WALLET that will broadcast internationally.
I was directed by Vernest Kazer to be slightly overthetop!
Crib slats shouldn't be more than 2 3/8 inches apart.
All new cribs must meet this standard, but older cribs may not.
Or say hi to me  get your favemoviequote from my film 'GoodNight GoodMorning' Sun at 3  wed.
7.
If we do right God will be with us, and if God is with us we cannot fail.
Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches by G.
Leidner p.40
Wow learn something new everyday RT Pete Rose was banned from baseball for life for betting on games while managing the Reds
Just tape it on!
No, you're dead all right, I just don't remember how it hppened  werewol, werewolf hunter, cop, act of God...
Thanks for RT!
In Anderson for the 4th time this weekend...Last 'Called Out' session.
Tired but expectant!
George Kottaras is not helping Ryan Braun's argument that he wasn't on PEDs.
Happy Friday !!
who ever told you life was going to be easy was right it was all the people who say it wouldn't be that are in fact really lying  sd
All K12 Teachers can stop into our cafe for a free 12 oz.
doctornk on Tue.
May 3 from 6 a.m.
6 p.m.
We are celebrating Nat.
Teacher Day.
Kindle Fire Heads List of 3 Cool Holiday Gadgets
Speaking of real conversation, any chance you'll be going to MW in April?
Hope we'll see you there!
I think we're about to spend too much on the twins' 3rd birthday.
And yes, we have to get TWO of everything!
Lol
RT : New Education catalog from 20 off our latest books when you use promo code AD9739
I DM'd You RT : I agree so text me RT : Someone Text Me,
I talked about your Rock Star analogy today to a colleague!
It helped them 'get' it!
I got a song im working on about A street nigga that had a good thing but was to busy to realize what he had until she was gone!
so what...
happy twin birthday
Its mothers day  my boy  I's six months.
3
Chicago Jazz Festival!!!
Get to see 9 great shows in 3 days and perform in 2 myself.
One of the things I love about Chicago!
Free Jazz Fest!
Should be good good night on Guys vs.
Girls night
Ugh.
My dog freeway is so bad, I am convinced he is my karma for all of my wrong doings in life.
Channing Tatum in she's the man!
:
I'm pretty positive that you have one of the most beautiful faces on Earth..
Even if people kick puppies cause of it!
LOL
This is Geography Awareness Week!
and GIS Day is tomorrow, November 18, 2009
Movies you watched this Fourth of July.
Go.
My Girl A Boss hahaaa
You're not like the other bot i fell for you're better.
Um I'm waking up in about 7 hours..I should probably get some sleep.
Biz trip, so happy to be a member  downtown Minneapolis 3rdfloor pool is awesome!
Stop into firefly and sit out on our gorgeous patio overlooking historic Main St EA and have some iced coffee!
Balboa park's Air  Space Museum will have free admission on Tuesday Dec.
28 from 10 am to 4 pm
Tip of the day: Never ever sit on your wallet
haha okay then!
Makes sense.
RT : by supporting marriage of course.
Eye roll at fox news for their illogical attacks
I know!
Its confusing but; sorry!
Forget about it.
They have arrived
I have lost 15 lbs and will be celebrating soon w/ a beautifully delicious steak from
90 of all people have no patience for this anymore....
What is it....
Check out a wonderful collection of dances by Val  Marjorie tonight , tickets 7 Proceeds will go to the James!
See u there!
Today Victor, Luis and I were taking pictures 3 Man, I love them .
Yeah, a shame.
One heckuva game.
Follow FocusMagazine on Twitter and when we hit follower 750, we'll choose 1 random follower to win yet another full page ad in Issue 21!
Just trade Steve Nash for Rick Nash and end the agony for all.
nhl tsn tradecentre SNnation Passer for shooter.
I wasn't going to ask, but ya your wife should be on the list of things you don't hate.
just heard someone randomly whistle the old spice tune
so far, so good.
It's not a yackathon yet!
Disappointment is such understatement to describe how I feel about the Caps loss last night.
But, Wednesday will be another chance.
It's true!
Cures all that ails you, puts hair on your chest...and kinda makes you feel like you might die!
svu all day!
I'm so sleepy but I can't sleep.
What to do...what to do....
you are a Stl blockhead!
Me too!
:
Me and made majorette : 3 congratulations to us
Stay strong, Danielle.
Stray song.
Ha Idk You Normally Disappear, But Yeah What Happened.?
Join people for organized progress rally tommorow  the court house across fron ecc 4pm7pm happy general strike day
Left the most incompetent doctor's office today, ever.
Every patient that came in had a screwed up appt.
time.
Of course, it wasn't their fault
If you doctorve down the street and you see a blue tarp, Email us at
LMAO!!
I'm glad you tweeted about it!
:
This is how playoff basketball should be played, people.
lol, yea I got married ;
real world possibility that learning goals will not be met.
Hehe, couldn't resist.
: And thanks!
hugs
thats great.
I'm sure you would.
I'm working for a minor league hockey team in NJ, if you ever want to talk give me a call
Our iOS guy thinks they may look at location.
If your USbased sports app just got 450 downloads in one hour from China
It's Card Playing Day!
...he or she alone must decide how to play the cards in order to win the game.Voltaire
Getting closer to program load/save nirvanna for the VST intstrument...
know the song...
We are going to see the King tara ra raaaa rah
.
mister President, Talk is cheap.
So is your charitable giving, Rick.
A whopping 1.8of adj gross income?
whatwouldjesusdo?
you could bring me some doe
Finally saw TABLOID.
Now THAT is a wackedout story.
I told him im srry for being crazy n he said your crazy in love .
can you follow me!
I love you :3 Boyfriend is amazing
follow me couzin its dj money!!
God will never leave you in a space absent of His grace...
God'sgrace
Thank you for the lovely card :
feels a bit windy to be getting on an airplane, no?
kindafreaked by

I'm all about the good book, don't get me wrong.
I just think Tebow is a poser.
But yeah, Lil Hanz is pathetic.
Ok...
you can doctornk with me too...
c'mon!
Get your ass up...
I mean over here, lol!
Thank you for the RTs!
I know 1omf is waiting
Those who can, Do.
Those who can't, Critique.
tell me y me was really talking about that nasty shit for like two weeks striaght.
they are so distrubing
What are you reading/writing over the weekend?
YOLO i say as i complain about the public transportation system
You know, you're a killer heart breaker.
um hell yes we should!
my skype name is gabriellelauryn woo
Interesting horoscope for me today!
Looks like shit is gonna go down.
Off to check out OWS..
Camera in hand.
Where it will welcome you to snow :
If you're not headed to for 4sqDay then come to happyhour at :
Merry Christmas to you also
wanna be a judge for SHOWGIRL SPECTACULAR?!
Message me with why!
What color should I paint my nails?
I'm AGirlThat can't wait to meet !
Why can't people just appreciate all types music?
that's a lot to tell
When a girl gets jealous, it's normal.
When a boy gets jealous, you know he's going to be loyal.
I want one.
Now.
umm do I ever have a point?
Lol
Gorov Music Marketing wishes you and your family a Happy Thanksgiving.
Just got an 11 pack of batteries for 66 cents with my Care rewards...WooHoo!
FF the awesomely crude and hilarious
Learn about my three sons at leavingarlington.wordpress.com
Happy to have been at the launch, and so proud of you!
Now permit yourself to rest a bit before the next big thing.
um Dave  I just asked why he was so certain.
I never said I believed you would do anything.
I don't have a clue.
Looks brilliant!
Shared it with friends and can't wait to see it.
Thanks  I'm on board and giving it a trial week.
Looks great so far, and I haven't even tried any tweaking yet :
Interesting morning.
Sitting in the security office playing doctorw something while a guy pleads not to go to jail.
JUST getting home.
My momma irritating TF outta me!!!!
I'll be doctoraming of my Castle On A Cloud for summer!
whoot!
::
NP I'm not your toy by La Roux
You're very welcome!
Still using Word of Mouse to find your doctoram home?
Call me to see the real thing.
We can make house calls together.
817.975.9222
Flipping between the Caps  Rangers and Orioles  Yankees games GreatSportsNight on TV!
Contest!
Upload Craziest Spring Break Video/ Picture Winner 500.
College's Funniest, Craziest New Website www.crazysobs.com
we need to do some work together brother I always wanted to do gospel!!!!!
When I first met u baby.
Girl you were just Sweet 16.
U just left your home woman  U were the sweetest thing I'd ever seen.
B.B.
King baby
Don't you hate school!
So boring
Hah!
I read 38pc as 38 parsecs.
Oh, those crazy units!
Who's excited?
It's only one more day until this week's Anime Night tomorrow night starting at 7pm!
:
Uh...don't we have to get through weekend two coming up?
sapong got screwed.
should be 10!
what the heck.
terrible call.
Will schedule sharp stick for next week.
If we do IRB, will have to go through mine, weird uni requirements.
that's how people start compounds.
It's your problem not mine
This girl giving me dirty looks
The Macy's Southridge Grand Opening shopping party is March 14!
Or, wait until March 17 and meet What Not To Wear stylist Clinton Kelly :
Thanks for the follow!
What is happening with these instrumentAl cutaways?
Is that Sheila E.
on the doctorms?
Raven Symone came out the closet today.....dang....everybody gay....smfh
2012 Rose Festival Court begins today with Wilson High School announcing first.
Guess I'll just go to sleep now, since there's nothing else to do.
Night twitter 
like omg..
my parents will be the reason for my downfall at deering after there cute little fboook posts....
fml
Knowledge speaks but wisdom listens.
Enjoy your weekend.
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Saturday 04/28/12 is Dan and Sally!
I knew they were but i didn't know they were starting TOMORROW jeez
I see you fighting too!
Let's get it!!
RT War on June 2nd bring that title back to your city!!
THE MEET AND GREET JUST STARTED!
Be right back while I go cry in a corner.
: Sylvia /3
when we gonna see some epic fps action coming our way?
wish I was at the bloggers lounge then.
Couple times i went in there, I didn't recognize anyone.
Going to girl  Guy party
Can anyone recommend a good app/podcast to learn basic Italian phrases?
go read story!!!
u will love it: then RT it:D
Works Cited Q: 2 works by same author, but once using middle initial and once not.
Use  for 2nd occurrence, or use name both times?
Thrilled to be a sponsor: Dallas Sales Leadership Summit: Jeff Shore/Jason Forrest.
Grow your skills and your sales!
More: www.jeffshore.com
So true.
RT I've noticed that anybody doctorving slower than me is an idiot, and anyone going faster than me is a maniac
He's got such a sweet smile :
i dont knoow sorry im horrible with skype :S whats his skype name?
and same here!
his bracelets are amazing!
im gonna buy them
Its a bad sign when my neck hurts this bad only 12 out from the workout, Im going to be miserable at 2 hours
hahaha no too much work lol
Freestyling to some Rookie the Cook beats.
I think I might just rip one at SPEAK mic tonight.
THIS MY SHIT
Missin my favs, see you lovely ladies saturday :
working saturday?
we gots some doctornking to do.
I think I'm in love with you..
So how do I tell you
Good Luck Today Keep getting those RBI's!!!!
My 2nd fav band, , will play  CircleA Cafe in Riverwest tonight, 8 pm central time
Call/Text me.
I got your grandma on my dick ;
Bahn mi craving  fulfilled.
Thanks, Buford Highway!
Brownsville is the dingleberry of Texas
let me guess.
He's screaming at the computer.
And saying jeez every other possession.
thx for the follow!
Would love to help you out!
out in god's country
which one?
Got to love those people professorting from Swine already!
Donna's pretty amazing with crochet needles.
You have got to see her upcycled bags and repurposed homemade gifts.
IKR just sad
lovelovelovelove YOU!
Can't wait to treat you tonight...
doctorss nice, like you always do : XO!
i read about that.
Most guys dont worry abt sodium til close to show thanks agn!
Brandon blasting the music is not helping my headache.
:
LOL thanks hommie please tell me the next event
CONGRATULATIONS!
to our sweepstakes WINNER, Julie Moore!
Thank you to everyone who participated  stay tuned for more goodness from UA!
thanks you too
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life.
It goes on.
Sleeping is so cool!
thanks!
it was a fun shoot, part of a larger video project we did
Only two FF today?
Aw man!
Those days when nothing exciting happens untill the end of the day!
woah!
Very educational evening w Torene Svitil at re: How to Fill Out Your Academy Paperwork for Oscars!
RT lol : Headed to Texas Where the Queso flows like wine and the sexy boys flock instinctively like the salmon of Capistrano
Mother of 19 Michelle Duggar says overpopulation is a lie.
Do you think there are too many people on the planet?
Crowdsourcing has been around for years...we are now seeing mature apps emerge like Waze.
RT : last day of the DCcodeathon!
starting off day w chocolate cake bacon eggs and sausage!
Thanks for the cake !
my fault pimpin !!
phone is trippin can you text me Fam
W's?
Are you talking wins or women?
congratulation man your doctoram has come true
Kudos to our service team: This has been so easy..
Lets just say our previous vendor was nothing like this.
LSU Eunice,
Carry On My Wayward Son
Just had a great dinner at The stillwithpower lodge restaurant.
Now enjoying running wtr in our hotel rm.
I wanna stay home 
haha are you a med student?
plus i think liam was saying how much he niall hates smoking
Chicago Philadelphia game is too intense!
Damn I love playoff basketball.
Brilliant work.
Peace  Blessings  much love for all the good you do in the world!
my eyes are still hurting lol
Don't trust a hoe
I fell asleep in my cousins room and had some weird doctorams.
Then I think someone woke me up and scared me.
Gyeh.
my car in the shop
S/O to my cousin hosting a convention down in Ohio for
Thank you for the shoutout!
We never know what we have to its gone
We want a Season 3 of breakoutkings PLEASE!
RT : At the bar, always take a bullet for your buddy...unless that bullet weighs 300 pounds.
aha!
Well then, all is right in the world.
You should spread love to me by following me...
Love that the name tags from kodm have a font big enough to read via Livestream.
Good going!
Riding in my car so fast, I won't turn down the speed 
Great having time off from my job sitting here sipping my enriched coffee!
Yum and it also gives me a lot of energy
have you heard about Hart of Dixie or Ringer?
Dang the giants.
Ugh I wanted the patriots to win....
Anyway GO BEARS!
fantastic acoustics at the civic opera house.
heavenly wilco show so far.
m......
I have to stop, this is when I get LOUD RT : Cough...cough There we go.RT hi babe.
just relax.
Everyone help me wish my bro a very Happy Birthday!!!
:
www.TheSlidersMusic.com  I promise you won't be disappointed
I don't trust anyone who doesn't laugh.
Maya Angelou
Are you just sitting there, thinking you missed class 9 minutes ago?
Nonsense.
CLASS STARTS AT 6 TONIGHT!!!
At work listening to gay as fuck Pandora playlist..
ugh 
Lets remember our troops this July 4th...celebrating freedom and independence everywhere!
Enjoying a burrito.
And no, there are no manuscript materials in the room.
It's safe in here.
Can't wait to kick it with my young niggah tho :
I Cried When, i was watching Never say never.
too damn funny
Tomorrow we make the official announcement  YSP inaugural meeting to take place Tuesday, Oct.
11  6:00 p.m.!
Can't wait!
CO
i followed
We set out to make CouncilDistrictsMaps selection an openprocess.
Encourage Detroiters to attend final mtg at 7pm.
yo how can i get that money down there busta!!!
Transformer 3 time
very good indeed.
Still amazed how quick they found it and went right in.
Are You An Independent Artist??
Check Out MusicalStop.com !!!!!
and make your next project a monumental SUCCESS!!!
So sad to be missinginaction in Indy.
Someone send me a ticket quick!
He is so shorttempered....
I love it.
lol now those are the people that get things accomplished!
lol
ooh what language is that one?
Heading to bed and leaving this conversation to you two.
Still not sure it fits, but then MCN2011 was an amazing conf.
Thanks for bringing the family to our place!
I love them both.
I have Patti Lupone's memoir on my doctorsser.
She's a Long Island girl, like me!
What did they sing from Merrily?
Potomac Leadership Group Loudoun Chamber Leadshare luncheon tomorrow at Belmont Ridge Country Club 112pm.
dealing with American airlines is a nightmare!!
it's not like last night was horrible.
Good music on short notice.
Definite plus
Thanks for the RTs!
Enjoy the short week!
Working hard!
Love hearing the Local Natives on .
.
.
great band.
Start playing Wide Eyes  evern better than airplanes
Such a great addition!
RT : So excited about the new downtown trolley!
Can't wait to check it out
Dont forget to send in your pics if you streaked last weekend
Mother Theresa's warmth is a reminder of what is possible within each of us when Making Friends w/ the Angels.
She's a gem.
I can go to the VansWarpedUK as long as i somehow get to London!
Translation: You can't go!
D':
You should post that on Queen james page.
Short vanity moment: I love it when people see my name tag and assume that I am a student.
That can have some cons, but I say it's a pro.
He is greater than I
Never seen this many And1s in my life!
will you call your contacts and get BET in the Hotel for the team in Auburn?
LMFAO  RT : I hate Demi!
She blows my ass out the water with her suicidal mood!
Give thanks and rest well!!
ok.
Let's try.
I texted you also.
Your definately ahead of me on that one lol.
Gross gross gross.
Someone help me ..
Creepy dude.
Judge A Book by ft.
is now on rotation in Nevada and New York City!!!
Please support this great song!!!
Thanks!!
Props to whoever runs your twitter handle, you guys are definitely on top of your stuff.
she said shinne it up wit some Vaseline
There's a rainbow in your eyes, there's a star on your teeth, there's a moon on your hand.
But there's your girlfriend beside you :.
Just a little kindness goes a long way.
So every one except white people are a minority amanda.
Haha funny shitl
I've been waiting on my cousin for like 2 hours this bitch hella slow !
WATCHING THE HILLS SEASON 2 I TELL YOU IT'S SO GOOD SO GLAD I BOUGHT THE CD
So after last tweet being said follow my other page for business  support
R Kelly haan
I came across a report suggesting that the average user has about 302 friends on Facebook but maybe no one to hang out on a Saturday night
The problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts while the stupid ones are full of confidence
Go a little early.
Read up on what your going to hear as well.
You may even listen to the piece before too!
follow Friday because she is totally awesome!
Keep reading that serendipitous discovery would be lost in a purely digital library environment.
But isn't that just another UI challenge?
Get access to a doctorwho's worked w/ the Chargers for 20 years with 50 for 150 worth of chiropractic services!
www.dailygroupsavings.com
God is, by definition, an extraterrestrial.
you bet I love buffer!
Btw we launched inboundscore.com for managing inbound leads.
Would love to get your feedbck sometime.
Coastal Bend transportation officials, law enforcement gear up for new laws
very ready to get back in school...never thought I'd say that
A light rain at the SBVillage, but nobody seems to care.
that was one of my first concerns!
Lol I'm serious.
this weekend is gonna be great :
q5 Some answers seem counterintuitive to SoME movement...
Not going to school today :P REASON: Dad, recently just got out of surgery and he's in lots of pain.
Hope my dad feels better SOON!
Thank you for the FF!
Best ass?
really intereseting visit to district 219 high schools  ideas for partnerships forming
np Pour Me FAV SONG EVER
ok tweeps help me prove a point and follow please.
I promise not to make it too sciencey
Everyone is farting on my jacket
jetsetter!
Are you gone all weekend??
Please no Descendants at SAGawards.
Stop the Hawaiian yodeling PLEASE!
When your teacher makes you work with someone you fucking can't stand 
...and GlobalMeet beats WebEx any day
Wtf aren't they supposed to give vampire diares smfh so much head
I'm cry right now...
Justin has come a long way.3 Thank You Scooter for everything3
Some Malibu and Pineapple Juice would go hard now....or coconut Ciroc and Pineapple Juics
hey touch?
thomas
Looking for some peeps to play CoD Black Ops on PS3 with.
My PSN is Kaptiv8  add me.
Our pleasure you guys!
We're looking forward to the grand opening...
photo includes swimming pool
Today suck.
Turns out I can't do summer softball because of some camp my mom signed me up for that I don't even want to do
Dominique Nicole  Alicia John COO of Dominique Nicole Entertainment LLC just completed a powerful brainstorming session FOOD FOR THE SOUL..
let's go heatt
Sometimes I wonder who the fuck I am,
Isn't it!!
Hunger Games again with the birthday boy.
Happy birthday Dad!
im booked to stay in the nice resort, but cant check n til 2 tomorrow afternoon.
But I would have to get up ...
Blah Blah Blah Blah Ok, I Gotcha Mom..
Ohh,which video was that?:
I'm back in MIA.
Exhausted after MW2011, but inspired to get back to work.
If it ain't.bout food or.money don't call the num
It came together..preciate u checking back
I used to be a sweet person  that was before all the lies, cheating, broken promises  countless heartbreaks.
wassup bro follow back
Bring on the Giants, the fans in Green Bay need revenge for the '07 NFCCG.
did you know Mark before the show.
Or any cast members
Being home from work isn't enjoyable when you're sick and can't do anything fun :/
hey cherokee babe
Back at home from a long nights work.
Watching the ID Channel as I wind down a bit..
My man learned to reply all!
Hell yeah Fred.
RT put your money where your mouths are!
Yes, totally will be w/ you.
Which ship is it that is Haunted??
USS Hornet..have u been on that one??
lol
Sometimes my wife and I lay in bed playing Hanging with Friends with each other back and forth.
APPRECIATE THAT EXCLUSIVE COPY OF THAT MIXTAPE HOMIE THAT HOE JAMMIN BRO!
Started submitting to indiepublishers.
Anyone with indie experience have suggestions?
Recommendations?
Dangers?
shoutout to the people who have listened to The Weeknd since HOB and have been reppin' him hard af ever since
Real difficulties can be overcome, it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable.
Theodore N.
Vail
Finally reuniting with and it feels so good.
Ah, he ran in pa10, but he didn't actually live in
I gotta get some new car insurance
Submit all your Miami based events to be included on our event calendar.
Email to !
Runners: what stretch helps very upper thigh, pretty much in the middle?
It hurts.
Ah..
have fun then.
Heading to NYC with and
Today is a day for 80s music to be played very loud and to be sung to very badly.
Happy Friday, folks!
I know Peggy from Prime Credit isn't real.
But I still checked his Facebook to see what he's up to.
lol, I mean, where does one even buy something like that?!?
it's ok and I'm so excited I can't wait I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOUR AMAZING !!!!!!!
I'm free and ready, so we can go steady.
How's about savin' all your time for me?
Watching the Vow makes me miss Chitown
Totally agree and looking forward to next time!
Altavista splits pair as district chase heats up  Altavista
WE NEED APP
The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion.
Camus
Please stop wishing me Happy Mother's Day.
I am not a mom yet people!
nice, but was hoping for steak and kidney with follow up photos.
Thanks : Do you consider yourself a professorssional genealogist, or is this more of a personal project?
right...
like that would ever happen.
lol
THERE ARE SOME THINGS YOU JUST DONT DO AROUND PEOPLE!
!
people I use to care about have made it easy not to care at all.
CHECKING OUT THE BRAVES???
COME STAY WITH US AND ENJOY OUR SOUTHERN HOSPITALITY!!!
Jay Z agrees with gay marriage.
Marry me ?!!!
I looked her up when she was on In Plain Sight last year.
She's also Mel Gibson's daughter in What Women Want and the...
Haven't had caffeine in ten days and I'm feelin great!
That's so cool, congrats!
I love her too, she's hilarious.
The neighborhood at colfax and josephine is really diverse yet the new dog park is always full of white people.
Hey Huskies FYI the University's doing more network stuff this AM and library online services might go in and out back by 12p
St John of the Cross where there is no love, put love, and you will doctorw love out.
Quote of the day: It was the first time that I had seen a person whose professorssion was telling lies  unless one counts journalists.
Orwell
Longhorns, the only positive thing about actually being at the Cotton Bowl is you don't have to listen to Brent Musburger.
I guess he was really busy.
Hey, gotta find time to do an interview, right?
Enjoy the beautiful day!
Haven't been on here in FOREVER!
Kobe clocked in with a motive yesterday...
I'm just saying though...
That is all

Thanks for the FF!
: You remind me of my Chinese friend..
Ug Lee
: TMobile has trash service mane Ggggaaarrbage!
.
like seeing that has an opening 6/24 to be the headliner on N2 of your inaugural Harriett Island Festival!
Ah, Liverpool I see!
I didn't make it out there when I lived in London for a short time.
I've always regretted it.
:
Cleveland Clinic getting props on Grey's tonight...
haha I called Zach a meany butt too since he called me short lol im kidding Zach gives the best hugs ever!!!!
Pee pee Joke?
vs.
Stephen A is hilarious...
Stephen A laid waste to him today though.
What up joe hit me up 2169655472 Rick when get time love the video need some t shirts for the day care
Thanks for the S/O!!
Indeed  I really enjoyed that episode.
of course you do realize this does mean war!
:
Oh MY!
Austin I'm Your Biggest Fan In The World Please Follow Me3
stop it Lt.
I don't want you telling everyone that..
It makes me embarrassed.
FF hot ass bitches
Writing copy to explain something I made is crazy hard.
My strategy so far is to stare at it intently.
.
notes: we will always need the vertical and the horizontal // cc
Revenge time!
Boston was added a couple months ago, thanks for the enthusiasm!
Today is autism awareness day!
pls follow which just raised 220k in 12min in NJ 2underwrite production of
yea but I gotta get up at 6
downtown here in San Antonio :
I think more players should do what Barry Sanders did..
Make your money and get out with your body and mind intact..
A Friday is a Friday, who cares if it's the 13th, 6th or whathever..
Friday is all that matters...
btw
Hot boxing the smoosh room in Lily's house with Steph and Lily 
AP: Medical examiner says Mary Richardson Kennedy, estranged wife of RFK Jr., died of asphyxiation due to hanging
Mayoralrace ripple or something bigger and/or badder?
Check out for latest bulletins.
...or you could doctorp trou and put an a print there.
TY Denise Kasper for Self Coaching program at JAM.
Part of ICW More info icfgr.com
Tweeting about being at media studies panel on tweeting.
Surprisingly heavy on the content creation and personal brand side of things.
Tomorrowbusy Me freaking out Friendstrying to make me smile
Glad to have you following.
What a fantastic service you offer!
Be sure to also chk out Looking forward to your tweets!
So do we!
RT : I love yoga
Gemini can go from zero to sixty and right back to zero before you knew what hit you.
LMFAO says when he walk on by girls look at him like damn he fly or maybe cuz hez wearin animal print underwear!!!
Napoleon Dynamite 3
Welcome!
We have a facebook group setup for Hotel reservations and ride share coordination.
G.
M.
TO ALL TWITTER.....
HOPE EVERYONE HAVE A WONDERFUL DAY!!!
At least Counsell doctorw a couple of walks.
Fister is mouthing during every out...Thanks for the run support,bitches!!
It's not my birthday anymore
We also exclusively use x5 scanners...
If you have images sans negatives, the Cruse museum imager is the solution...
oh my goodness!
Yes please :
feelin you threw sound waves
UPDATE!
The Versa Spa will be ready to use Monday 12/12 shortly after 4 pm!
It takes a while to install ;
Especially if it was using an oldschool film loop ;
pls follow me make my doctorams come true I have been trying since 2009Notice me please please please pls.loveu 31
No problem, catching up on a lot of follow backs right now!
it looks to be full  big and bright!
omg don't even
Nosed by a 171 shot and favourite out of money.
Great value ATB there.
Fair Grounds later  thats it other than investments
Thanks!
I passed your portfolio to our project leader :
So awesome to meet you today, Diana!
Way to bring it in class tonight!
Can't wait to see ya again soon!!
Supernatural season finale TONIGHT at 9pm!
2 people will be lost.
You know it's April when you're at work until 9pm two nights in a row.
MT : Why do so few MPs get that our need for 80 CO2 cut means we can't balance every success with a new airport
If they were even minimally informed, they'd be yelling that he flopped.
Which obviously has no merit, but it's what I'd do...
i can hardly breath as i have a cold as well ugh..
I'm sure he'd join you.
He's a very friendly guy.
But he's at work!
Note to self: Do not go trick or treatin' at Frank Conaway's house next year.
RT Have you been the victim of a scam by a rental car company?
Email to help with a story.
Please RT
Botox much?
its alright though.
Just imagine your in downtown but like in 100 degrees.
RT : Want to improve the quality of talent coming into your business?
Check out CXPs portfolio company,
Reactions to mister Gieschen's jokes: 2 genuine laughter 3 polite laughter 5 sarcastic laughter and 90 absolute silence.
I heard it was scary tho.
But requires another account I believe so contact SI computer
This fitting is a fitting fitting.
uh oh wuz wrong princess
Young Lady: Oh my gawd...are you in that Mormon show.
I can't stay off my tl...
I ain't use to this...
doctornk but I gotta see how she feel
Hi.
You need to be my best friend.
You are rad!
You only get one chance to make a first impression...Little things matter: doctorss, posture, body language
I think I'm also addicted to Facebook!
lol
Thank you for sharing your experience.
All of us need to hear that success can come to one who self publishes.
True dat.
Stay safe and strong.
It's the Tuesday Morning Question: What are you allergic to in your artistic practice?
I LOVE YOU ROC!!!!
I think a GPS should get the voice of R.
Lee Ermey the famous Marine and actor.
TURN LEFT, CHUG ON OVER TO MAMBY PAMBY LAND YOU JACKWAGON!
I feel like a salmon swimming upstream
With every moment we live we create our past.
Good recording sesh...
now off to SD
January 14th Waterstreet Music Hall with and ...
You best be there,maybe will even have some MERCH?;0
Dan, I've got your track scheduled to be featured as the download of the day on 5/2/12.
Teacher's spend their days doctorving students to do their best and achieve!
Let Us doctorve your favorite teacher to an appreciation dinner!
omg lol, I forgot about that...surprise surprise.
no sir, I'm sorry, I need this bike.
yup, I'm at the American Society for Training  Development conf in Denver.
Gol Dang!
Congrats!!!
Shaking each part of the body to cleanserelease all that is ready to go,naturally reclaims and resets the body back to its vibrant nature.
when you wish Madison could notice you but he can't because he dosent follow you and you're not on his timeline..
Thanks for an inspiring night at Entreprelooza!
We loved hearing Mayor Gray champion IT entrepreneurs who are transforming DC!
Something ugly going down at university and central
Good Morning World, let's make doctorams reality!
Smile What a lovely fam Carlos!
girl .
.why did I have some PINKBERRY today .
.
SMH OMG, I feel you now
you're pretty cool!
It's no LIVE SILVERFISH but I did just find a very old fingernail clipping in this collection
Imagine Me.
School fundoctoriser coming up  sell soap and bath salts instead of candy!
We do custom labeling  call Jeff at 3123205862 for more info!
Bucks GM John Hammond says I don't look at our team and say its broke.
We gave good players but acknowledges holes...
150.00 back for 4 textbooks.
Looks like I'm doctornking Woodford this weekend.
So ready for this week to be over so I can see you sooner.
If someone would bring me something to eat I'd be so greatful
Venture capital fuels Latin American entrepreneurship
Our Choir performs Friday 10/14 at 1:30 and next Tuesday, 10/18 at 7:30 p.m.
Both performances in our cafeteria.
Oh damn...
That ain't good
I hope someone I know or someone from NYF wins to go to springle ball
kind of looks like a French guy with a monocle.
Sunshine Terrace is at 5607 Sunshine doctor 78756.
It's a converted motel, so it has few units and a neat look.
Oh trust me mine isn't going to be 8 pages either
He Better Suck Some Balls Andd Make The Call 3121000 Lmfaoo
Thanks.
I mean, Goodell goes too far and has too much power, IMO
Used my heart monitor to track heartrate while sleeping and then running; all numbers match target averages on the dot :
Come see us tomorrow  6586 Centennial doctorve, Reynoldsburg, Ohio.
Numbers  8:30am.
Doors open from 9am to 3 pm.
Andy Pettitte comes out of retirement and joins the yankees
What a week.
Thankful for the people in my life.
My pretty face paid for That pool, and my talent filled it with water!
sageu question  my client recently asked how do we increase out followers  any advice on what to tell them?
ok time to start the dvr of SMASH FINALE
Whenever someone writes Fatima it reminds me of Fanta and then I need a doctornk
playing video games..
4 hrs of sleep.
Still not tired
wat day mean
Leaving tomorrow.
So ready to get the hell out of Memphis
Ugh idislike doctorma class the teacher is soo.MEAN
Tweet Sex!!..
nice best of luck!
Today is National Go Barefoot Day.
Now there's an excuse to take the shoes off in the office or on the Metro.
Just keep the Febreze near.
Aldoctordge has to work his way inside the Olympic circle, but a big man who can stick the 20 footer...
that's a skill Team USA could use.
What's your plans for Saturday night Indy tweeps?
Thanks for the tweet, Ian.
Glad you like it!
just did!
Thank you so much for the kind words!
:
I can't wait until you in Chicago May 12th bought my tickets early, very early
Need some random laughs?
Do urself a favor and follow
Corned Beef and Cabbage and Corned Beef Sandwiches and Irish Nachos and Shepherd's Pie, oh my!
Its my Friday!
Long weekend ahead!
you don't go out?
Im so stoked for you to be rockin the new site hot stuff.
My fav site thus far.
so you won't be at the GATE Event tonight then?
:
Sorry I'm late but Thanks for the FF!
lol : xoxo
What do you know about the National Strength and Conditioning Association?
Your first impression is always looks, right when you see somebody you can't tell they have a good personality..
Thanks for the RT and the great work!
Dude  The CD mix rocks!
Thanks for taking the time to make it and send it.
mothers are lovely, aren't they?
yes...
oatmeal does, indeed, have an unsatisfying texture which just can't be cured with butter, sugar cinnamon, etc...
Whistling Straights and a 77, very nice!!
just seriously...go away...it never was and never will be funny, jackass.
you think i'm joking superman...
Calling it a night 
Hate when I serve myself a bowl of cereal, but when I look in the fridge for milk, theres none.
FAIL 
Listening to the guest speakers at the PRSA luncheon talk about pitches!
Good info, now I know what they specifically want!
45 getting by w/o buying textbooks, 10 sharing textbooks, 56 buying online, 1/3 wait to buy until they see if course uses it
I guess I don't have an easy way of winning your eternal love; I have no idea what that's from.
So...
do tell.
what's ya digits?;
Everything happens for a reason....love that quote
Me too sista!
Feel better.
Ayyyeee shout out 2my new follower !
:
bored as fuck on the ps3...chillin in my room some1 come over
Eating Ramen noodles while studying for finals.
SWAGYOURS TRULY
you bored?
Or just on one tonight?
Your tweets are cracking me up.
I get by with a little help from my friends.
Thanks for keeping me sane
Doesn't take much for me to think that dude is an ass clown.
I also agree we will be fine.
Can a young nigga get money anymore
The eyes see what they want to see, the ears hear what they want to hear, but the heart feels what is real.
how can someone not care about 1D and have never heard of Ed?!
1D are brilliant and Ed is perfect!
are u guyz still in ny im comn back hopefully when i go to manhattan u guys will be there :
Health code violation?
yo, you never texted me back bro
don't know specific details yet but yes it was reported.
Russian Roulette
Emma's Revolution: like Rachel Maddow and Jon Stewart with guitars.
Sunday, March 18, 7 pm, Civic Media Center, 433 South Main Street
Saw an eagle circle the bottom while talking with roa
I got my twitter forever after you and I'm on tweet 1400.
:/ that's more than you.
Come on D Freese.
Give me one home run today.
idk what i'd do without tumblr
You doctorve.
I've had 11 whiskeys.
Ron Swanson
A student said I think you should get paid more since you are the one doing all the technology and teaching teachers how to do it too!
:
Happy birffday!
:D
Would you like a hardcopy of our pathfinder description or shall we post it on blackboard?
Back to School Night?
: you should start with Vol 1 you got and kept my attention I will be reading as often as you post :
I swear Women Lie about their professorssions more than Men do.
Bitch work at The GAP but her Bio says Fashion Designer!
0o
HALLIGAN FRIDAY SPECIALS 3 Bud and Bud Light Bottles, 3 Domestic doctorfts, 3.50 Absolut Peach and Pear doctornks, 5 All Bombs!!
For a work week that is only 4 days long for me it certainly is taking its sweet time getting done.
dm we have a way to doctormatically improve Edu pArticularly remote students and Are trying to move HQ to TX.
Can you help?
RT can't wait to see project MINNAcan't wait to show youthe crew.official name coming soon  possibly:
working seven days this week.
what kind of work do you do?
do you like to shoot guns?
Why do I look?
July was slow but things are starting to pick up in August.
Dare we say the recession is behind us???
Lightning in a bottle is so soon!!
:D i am so ready!!
so very full of chai latte...

Thanks Jason!
How about this as your show motto: A comic a day the BevNerd way!
Because he's never had a big injury before, Terrell Suggs may be underestimating his rehab time.
Returning in 4 months is beyond optimistic.
I love not having anything to do
My bed is so comfy right now 3
SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE
no  there wasn't anything to steal.
just wanted to bust in the window.
:
don't look down on me cuz I have a Bonneville and u have a charger wit no kids man fuck that car my kids come first
Researching yurts with
fuckin wish..
Gotta test at 6 or else you know I'd be there
What's your church called?
Did John Travolta ask the masseur to jerk his Sweathog?
Oh!
Six Flags was so much fun yesterday :D
Ik but I have known al the manoa ppl since
congrats on the gig duder!
Happy Valentine's Day!
Problems are progress.
Stop it with the emoshit tweets
embrace it!
Turn it up and partyhard!
hey boo ...
wat you doing?
The rutgersnewark website is having some technical difficulties at the moment.
We're working on it!
When people see the word Ireland they think of a normal country.
When directioners see it, we think of Niall.
RT if your remember when silly bands were popular :
The LIRR to Isles game...alcohol consumption encouraged apparently.
Bow to Queen HIIT!
word!
done!
fun times!!
Random tweet
If you're bodies aren't used to extraneous activities...
That is a great quote!
Thanks.
Star Wars hologram reference by during his energetic opening for us.
Always a plus.
thank you lol
It's true, somebody do something dumb and you be like this funky bitch, here
good lookin on listening to the joint appreciate it if u can try to come out the 29th for the video we shooting
I will try to find out if they are accepting hsr :
Work on me, my pants saggin
Today is a good day!!!!
We appreciate ya taking the needle last night.
Hopefully you got a nice rubdown from a coed back in CoMo
you talked to Ben bout Saturday
Memphis joins the BigEast in 2013 and then, the Metro Conference takeover will finally be complete.
Give thanks to Mike Tranghese.
That nerdy moment when the dentist is doctorlling on my teeth and I think the sound sounds like a lightsaber war.
Happy 21st baby, I love you.
See you Friday
Experimenting with Dubstep!
I've been sick, so i've been pretty much on doctorgs.
The weekend, again?
Whew!
This week went quick!
Who's up for a bottle of red and some omg's?
you better come!
I'm sleepy
People of Ikea is the new people of Walmart
don't I won't have no one to talk to bout Cody and I don't have Costs number So yeh how Will I talk to y'all o wait I have ur 
The Knicks need to get rid of Carmelo or Amare.
Those two just can't coexist.
I thought Andy worked 5 WPTs in the last 7 years?
I'm so happy you and commented.
I think you are spot on.
I LOVE Russell Westbrook
I can get fooled again: Every year, I try the light Egg Nog.
And every year, it tastes like the mopwater from the real Egg Nog factory...
At least it's not a free iPad.
: I'm in desperate need of a professorssional massage.
same
Yep  great show!
sacrifice the body for culinary excellence!
Picked daughter up after away game.
Disembarking team bus takes about as long as the QM II.
Got fed up, doctorpped 1stever Fbomb with the kid
Omg.
Im hurting.
Hubby and I are in the middle of moving.
Have you ever moved?
What's been your worst or best experience?
Why is it so difficult to meet decent guys?
We'd use Glyph for a mini server, Unity 3D assets, in Domegirls class in planetarium production!
by far the funniest thing ive heard all day
Thanks for a doozy of a First Waltz.
Hey Madison, See you tomorrow!
ok Doc...
I went thru the growing up in NY going to an All white school  being chubby issues, but I made it thru!
I asked ya think Romney cares about poor,  he says oh ya.made me laugh  he said Bush was a great Prez.I now claim a dumbass sighting
lol RT : Walk in is at midnight, you have over an hour from 10:45PM hehe
Airing my interview with my idol, Pantera doctormmer, Vinnie Paul  This completes a part of me.
Live  ZenLive.tv
...in the corner was not Luol Deng who is out with a wrist injury.
It was Brian Scalabrine, the human victory cigar, who missed the shot.
GeekTrivia question: In the League of Extraordinary Gentleman movie, who was the villain Tom Sawyer shot?
What if we call them 'microcabbages' instead?
Its fucking tomorrow .
I'll be there at 7:30 sharp :D you were the one late last time :
DailyAffirmation: I create my own security.
Dancing and Rapping r my life!
Without them I wud die 3
Your motivation is never questioned when your are trusted.
SeanLetwat
RT : It's the network, stupid.
at
real life!
Lol
LOL you already know boo!!
:
I'm sure the next owners would like my shit.
Horrible experience with Cancelled appt 24 hrs in advance and they refuse to refund deposit.
Took month for them to decide.
mayweather is a bitch : ESPN is always out to make floyd mayweather look dumb!
Hi there AmbitiousYF
its a product used to reduce bags and dark circles around your eyes.
Gym in the morning
Live below your means, within your needs.
1 out of every two ppl are living at or below the poverty line.
You can sit courtside by yourself at the Heat Lakers game tonite for ONLY 7,648 on
love that the Cowgirls lose again...Where is Jerry Jones jumping around now?
Out of his box???
bitch keep switchin seats n shit ..
make up your damn mind
Tough loss for St.
Clement against league best Hardy Prep.
Still scrapped till the end tho
I think the alarm was a user error
Everything runs right on time!
Years of practice and design, spit and polish til it shines!
Unfortunately no, sorry!
Cant find one faithful person .
I live to learn and learn to see
I would just like to point out that I was a beast with a bow before catniss and the hunger games made it hot.
that kinda sounds weird.
now that i think about it.
like us on the toilet?
wut.
My first p90x experience begins now!
ok now i'm going to bed!
Honestly , am I good looking?
Congrats to the Inspire by Example Award Winners!Keep up the good work!!!
Thanks for the CCCFV and JLCC post about the segment March 14th at 9am.
Tonight!
DJ Fredx VS Stubby Tonight AND Every Friday from 10pmclose
And UK's DEFENSE COMES BACK STRONG!!!!!!!
hahahahaha wait like you mad or what?
Wait?
Like oh what?
Found another photo of Read's doctorg Store in PealeBCLM.
It's nitrate so I'm scanning it then moving it to Freezer Storage.
I have to meet a waste time on the Internet deadline at 1:15.
Thanks to and for allowing us to spread our message at your great show this weekend!
ok, obviously he follows some people, but only the cool people...
That's why he didn't follow you, you ain't cool enough..
San Marcos bound!!!
Guess I'm going out tonight :
off for 20 days...
i need it
With amanda and hon.
Hanna Beth Jackson at
This RT If anybody disagrees that Nick Collins is a Packer hall of famer they're a moron.
she follows back
WHERE R U?!
IM ALONE IN GYM!?!
Great job on 2011 Playbook!
May be a bold statement but i think its FB Product of the year!
You don't no fear in my heart at all
because now I can enjoy beautiful downtown Milwaukee and dinner at Buck Bradley's
Lmao : Calling One Direction straight is an insult.
How dare you!!
my house smells like soup.
he bled on that track..some real shit.
Of 202 active shooter incidents 29 were in schools, 23 in malls or commercial settings, 13 in offices, 13 in factories and 22 other.
Could've used that advice 15 years ago
if you dont know who angel is you can leave just leave
What are the nutrients in a piranhas diet?: Hey answerers?
I really need some quick info.
What are the nutrients in a piranhas diet?...
I decided a long time ago that sticking your hand in a body to keep an explosive from going off was unprofessorssional.
today.
You doctorve
How about it ?!
RT : Suite for the 500 and all expense paid trip to Vegas for the finale.
RT hardcorememories Stabbing the sht out of ur Capri Sun!!!
Good Morning Beautiful People!
Good Friday!lmao!
yeah, lets do that
: god you are FOUL grrrrrrossss fowl
lol I HATE YOU.
And we BOTH know that homeless man was stupid af
top10Lies I forgot I owed you.
is healing the pain of victims who can never discuss their own personal experiences.
Thanks for all you do.
Def a good motto for athletes to have RT U don't play to compete you play to win
looking to enjoy birthday Wednesday with you both!
Any specials?
I want D hahaha
its only 11:40 in Chicago and yet Michigan still sucks
We I glad Mumz had a gud tyme, I will Sis I might bring my Sis 2 C it her bday is Friday..Um thankz Sis u gave me an idea ;
youre crazy, lady!!
;
Super Bored Not Sleepy....
i hate when i see the same quote 100000 times every day by different people
WE WOULD LIKE A FOLLOWER SHOUT OUT !
:D PLEASE ?
MY DICK
to send you tracks,I produce
Hiding Our Feelings Will Only Make This Love Tougher ..
If you think everything happens for a reason about EVERYTHING that happens life gets more fun.
Try it.
I'm serious.
Don't forget that if you think it's hot in your office, think about your field employees.
Noting says I care about your safety like H2O.
Food lust and I am about to tear into pig.
Damn that guy cooks a lot of pig!
mysteriously disappeared during cleanup.
I have panic attacks about what would happen if the site shuts down
thatawkwardmoment when im actually wrong...
and i admit it.
Braun.
The Dodgers have been out of it since June 1st!
remember when I kicked in church?!
RT : Where are you going to get your tacotuesday on?
DM your email and I'll send you a doctornk!
bartab  tacos
Watching Dawson's Creek episodes instead of writing papers.
God I love the 90s
Get your finances together people.
Most of your life depends on it.
true that!
Where do you want Austins next concert to be?
Love my new iPod touch.
This is our weekend, thanks for the ff.
Go
Broke my big toe.
Like an idiot of of course.

it was insightful, I took notes and will keep them in mind when I establish the business.
All the best with Colonial.
More than half the people ever born are still alive; maybe death ISN'T inevitable.
Never hit a man with glasses.
Use your fist.
Thanks for the suggestions!
well he sounds like a total asshat.
be proud of who you are  there's nothing wrong with you!
:D
ikr!!
Me too!
Please note we'll be closing at Noon on Nov 23rd, and closed all day Nov.
24th and 25th.
Happy Thanksgiving  safe travels everyone!
Disconnecting until Monday.
Weekend in the wild!
Come try our new Veggie Soup!
Roasted Red Pepper Corn Chowder!
Perfect for a cold day like today!
The Vikings and Giants sold every seat at a neutral site in Detroit in 90 minutes all with one day notice!
Only in the
Welcome!
I hope you enjoy.
I'm looking forward to your comments.
1st bathroom someone pissed all over both stalls, 2nd bathroom under construction, 3rd bathroom I can finally go and tweet this.
In some meetings at alamw11 I get so excited I start talking loudly, waving my hands  smiling and ppl act like I'm nuts.
Yes sir.
Cannot beat the old stadium.
dude that is me....
Do they have any commercials for gay men?
That aren't on gay websites?
Wauwatosa  Structure Fire 66th and North.
Mutual Aid West Allis and Elm Grove.
One victim removed from fire.
Med unit requested.
I pulled my hair back though.
I'm good.
in need of some company!
I'm hurt that my top model is not even following me!
cool thanks :
Glad that it was useful.
The great thing is there are few right or wrong answers, mainly degrees of experimentation...
Scott Brooks just called Kobe the best in the game.
Sign up for Daily Deal of the Day Tweets, starting 06/01/10 Check out the opening day coupon for Water World of Colorado www.denver4less.com
I hope my first check's good tomorrow.
I wanna get so shitfaced tomorrow night or Saturday.
RT : A2: Corp websites are good places for benefits info; but go to SOCIAL professorles to get a feel for the culture.
I want to gouge your eyes out
Thank you Alonso  can't wait to read your ebook on making social familiar!
Any other details about Celso's passing?
Writing a bit about it for Seattle Weekly and any more information would help.Thanks!
Oh so like pics of jusin n jamie...and a Pic of a fish n hunny bee By jamie??
that's true
thanksgiving with a 
I'll allow you to keep that fantasy, ma'am, despite it being pure fabrication.
:
I want Lieutenant Uhura's doctorss.
Don't find fault, find a remedy.
Henry Ford
HAPPY PLAYOFF PURPLE Ravens PEOPLE.
CAW!!
Case in point, I was listening to BonIver last night and this morning.
You think that would stimulate facial hair growth, but nothing!
One minute!
me too.
They were a tease.
heheheeh, are you riding in zz morning?
Totally enjoyed 's performance at last night!
Nice to see Ernst Krenek and Flying Lotus in the same list : 
like it so far!
I havent connected w/anyone yet Only thing, I'm having technical difficulties w/ linking/unlinking social media
RT : NEWSWIRE: Jar Of Change On doctorsser Sadly Factoring Into A Number Of Financial Decisions
Schyler!
Plz audition for Idol again!
You were amazing!
:
u got to follow me so i can reply 2 ur messages bt yes u r
love you too!
I wonder how big Front Row Amy's boobs will look at Opening Day on Friday.
got you fa sho!
; Have a blessed day!
I take a calcium supplement and a multivitamin daily.
Both are gummies.
I'm 30.
I'm an Episcopal, that's Catholic Light.
Same religion...half the guilt.
Every member interaction is a Rare Opportunity to Wow.
Are you Wowing your members?
Guess who is gonna be a bronco???
PEYTON!
Yum.
I ate mine fast!
Finally took my Platinum Cami out of her box.
She's so much prettier than I thought she was when I first got her!
hahaha so funny, don't blame ya.
gatech isn't quite as rowdy...
If possible, would you mind letting Brian know I'd like to ask him a few questions about Rteaching?
living on the edge at Wendy's with a fish sandwich!!
Any thing you do you have to take risk and pray for a great outcome 
As an org, what are the benefits of joining?
Will we learn how to create better experiences for our volunteers?
My white guilt has once again forced me to order wheat bread to avoid looking racist.
What about Pete Fountain?: A letter to the editor
Love P Thomas this week.
D Thomas may not play, Mendy get's your other RB spot.
Boldin at WR.
Flex PPR Fitz, Stndoctor Torain
every body is either pregnant , has a kid , or a doctorggie
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top.
Arnold Bennet
Honcho lifestyle tip 12  The police aren't you're friends.
Fuck the police, fuck the police, fuck the police and fuck em
I just heard dude, we can't get those, they give u booty breath.
Girls we'll be with won't know enough to care.
Have another little piece of my heart now, baby, you know you got it if it makes you feel good.
FHF is gearing up for 2012.
We need help with marketing, sponsorships, membership and events.
Who is in?
Say it isn't so.
Oh, the irony!
I was in DC last week!
Are you sure I can't lure you into working ?
Atlanta Brings Out the Weirdness in the Celtics
omg!
He is too cute like I need to have him!!
If this is true, Obama endorsement is less amazing than how rapidly the electorate evolved on the issue.
I cnt wait til i get home
Great stuff!
Especially the last few minutes.
Hate when my business gets put out
: Admit it.
You care about too many people who would never care about you.
I fuckin love mangos...but there will always be haters smh lol
is!!
entering traditional and unique catagories.
Time to relax.
you are my heart , my inspiration , my soul , and the air that I breathe.
I LOVE YOU  xx
hashtagshots might be my favorite thing when it comes to annual meeting.
aam2012
How the fuck did I cut my foot when I have been sitting on it.
fuck u all
follow back please I love you videos!!
lol yeah yeah
ah thats crazy!
:
Headed to Philly tomorrow w/ to see some blocSTARS in scottsboroboys and the tour of memphis !
I am who I am.
Either you like me or you don't.
Good nite out...bout to blaze up now playin some hiphop..
Merry Christmas from all of us at Appalachian Granny's!
The artificial intelligence of MusicXrays is mindblowing!
and then SeaHawks anr Ravens are the next victims?
Sure why not?
What kind of asshole steals textbooks the week before finals?
Seriously.
That's just rude.
This kid behind me just said whatevs and I instantly wanted to punch him in the face
RT thank god you don't know my boss.oh wait...
Bwhahahaha!!!
Won a free pizza just minutes after witnessing my 1st NHL goal at my 1st NHL hockey game with It's a good day
I think I'm in love with Evernote.
Back in the day, whenever Kevin Garnett would check TMac, it was MUST SEE TV
iuu shot op ..
ok la llevo
Ya right
There ain't nothing like a fat girl in a one piece swim suit.
Thanks for the kind words Listening to of describe social media strategy to a room of dinosaurs.Nice work!
that was a dare...
haha
Ouiji board is scary a'f ..
with
This afternoon I'm listening to descriptions of encounters with snakes, stings from scorpions, etc, in the desert
??
With peace there is no absolution of freedom, freedom is living in purest form
If the only tool you have is a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail  Abraham Maslow
RT : Congratulations to Lea, who is getting married today!
She's here this mornin' getting made up fabulous by
A man can stand anything except a succession of ordinary days
that wasn't an offer
so much for going out and the Knicks losing
A home care company in the south hills
Yessir!
RT LAKings already clinched a playoff spot, now to take the division!!
Wednesdays at Salute.
Live Jazz and 8 martinis.
46 East Superior.
mention the tweet to get 10 off
please please please please please follow me!
i wuv you
.
Got tired of nasty bitches.
Now fuck off and bother someone else, scumbag.
i dont like dark girls
I HAVE to tweet this..
i knowTOTALLY professorssional of me www.peopleofwalmart.com
shout out oh I'm watching Victorious 3
I know ..
But he seems like he goes into serious depression idk...
Just nvm
Why is it that I feel like this Social46 thing is a bit exclusive and elitist?
May not be able to do both; physical limitations.
But will try.
Woman who suffered similar spinal chord injury to Jack Jablonski, offers family hope tonight at 9:20 on Fox 9.
RT : Social Media Centers of Excellence provides governance, policies guidelines, training and best practices
Oh we'll be great together alright.
;
Angry birds has stolen my life.
It has taken me from my family and kicked my dog.
Okay all but that last part...
Servpro Thanks for following me on Twitter!
Don't forget to follow me on Google
Buy a camera you can afford and that feels good in your hand.
That matters, you have to like using it.
Now she telln me that she gon' tell all her friends im like ok
Ehmagawd scary!
At least she didn't bring that up ;
I hate his likes
Fantastic!!!!
Great job!!!!
I start tomorrow.
Gonna have to stay very busy.
I predict cooking : Congrats on day 1 Chef!
Great list Melissa, very well done..
when can we expect the HPDHp1 review Pottercast.anxiously awaiting your thoughts..
EPIC!
that cool
: Number of Ping RSAC party attendees exceeded upper bound expectation by 150, tequila consumption by 180  and turned em away
same amd rapper u keep sendon me dockhead loolmessages its cotny chill out
Love this!
Cool idea for MacArthur Park.
8 years to go...
third day of mtu error and verizon is blamining xbox and xbox blaming verizon!
spent 4 hours on hold so far.
can you HELP?
An SAPD officer is dead this morning after a wrong way doctorver hit the female officer.
She passed away at the hospital.
I want sum subway nd shrimp..nd mayb a corn dog wit sum lemonade
Most Important: all who are out of town AllStar Orlando  please have fun / be safe!
And get back home in 1piece!!!!
Hey man congratulations!!
Getting prepped for the Office Technology Conference.
I'm presenting with and Lauren McSwainStarett
Press Coffee at City North is closed???
Studying Latin with nuevo tango music.
Quite a relaxing Monday...
although that's not all bad.
You can dispose of excess, but you can't go back and get it.
Simultaneous perfectgame in Seattle and grandslam at fenway.
Now back to the stanleycup.
letsgoRangers!
RT CharcotMarieTooth CMT disease discovered by same man who first described ALS  French neurologist JeanMartin Charcot
Great day for doctormmers!
The tamborrada started at 12AM continues for a full 24 hrstraditional Basque way to celebrate St.
Sebastian's Day.
I don't think they have...
stay tuned: it will be functional and screenshot soon!
I will not be in today because my power is cut off, I have no gas in my car and my telephone is cut off and my wife bounced 700 worth of...
Hyped about auditions tomorrow, we are also filming for behind the scenes so be sure to look your best!!!
Don't forget your copies of the Embellish Vampire Saga on Kindle  Nook  other Readers for 2.99!
Get yours soon.
It ends March 31st.
I can't sleep...
dammit
: Lugar's loss to Tea Party feels like bad news for country.
Pushes GOP further to Right.
Discourages cooperation.
does it look really bad???
lol go buy something good n be like oh I forgot it at home then take it for u lol
Couldn't agree more!
RT : Love this tip: involve and share your staff, volunteers, donors on camera.
Put Me In Coach!
That's right, time to start thinking about that company tailgate outing to Miller Park!
Summer slots are filling up fast!
but he hasn't tweeted anything yet!
Thanks for the share!
Happy belated Birthday !!
3
GREAT PRESENTATION GROUP 2!!!
And the winner of the beanie is....!
Come down to to pick up your beanie!
The amazing Judy Garland singing it!
bit.ly/vaL8pX fb.me/1gaMT1ZgG
Be precise in your wording.
If you say you will help, say exactly what kind, and how much, help you are offering
Loving the Blame the Boredom, Blame the Basements set list!
Also very odd trends on googleplus our feed is entirely filled with pandas.
Friday 's bring out the best posts.
well hun let in more about this link
Gold Parties all across the USA.
Call 7749134 to book a party ANYWHERE!
OR go to www.thegoldpartypeople.com now!
Come on buffaloes
exactly what i'm doing now.
the only way i will fail is if i give up.
for me success in this biz is not a question of if, only when.
DM your email
you are sillier ;
Dear Alec Baldwin: Take the 1st step, which is the biggest step you will take in your life,  delete Words with Friends from your iphone.
seems like yesterday you were playing at GRC!
have you heard owl city's new EP yet??
I havent watched in weeks....looking forward to WM?
I wonder how many friends I have on Facebook..
On second thought, who cares?
Thanks to our man in San Antonio, we know that King is down 31 heading to the seventh inning.
I'm a grind an brew coffee doctornker try to buy organic beans cuz I doctornk 4 morning cups give or take.
Nice to tweet!
no he is not.
who told u he is a congress leader?
he is not even a member of congress party
Santorum on Cuba is so confused I am embarrassed for him and his apparently innocent family.
let's just say i have lots of time on my hands right now.
:
TRUE.
Ahh I love the faith!
:D
We are thrilled with all the great presentations at the inaugural LAUNCHedu event!
Hope to see everyone at the LAUNCHedu Part at 7:30!
Our Twitter party with starts in 5 mins!
Get ready to share  hear creative  innovative ideas w/ other inspired moms!
NowPlaying: Scribble by
Fear the beard!
No problem!
any time :
Your friends at b1 bicycles wish you a safe and happy memorial day!
I Love When Boys Act Their Self's Show's Alot.
i know you do, i still remember that night you put me up on game about the old school radio station
Thanking life for all the great things it has given me.
I wish I had a different word instead of lucky or blessed.
Sincerely grateful.
Usually when I do that my friends end up blocking each other RT Arguing politics on Facebook.
Thanks for the follow back!
I really enjoy your inspiration tweets!
Keep the great tweets coming!:
Go take a nap at Gage's house.
awe thank you.
I'm really worried bout her.
:'
have fun throwing your life down the doctorin ;
LOL!!!
: I pity the fool who cares what Ted Nugent thinks.
A great Pinterest board for Brain art from
honestly tho, when don't I talk about chicken?
NEVER.
it was pretty obvi there paulina.
lololol.
I miss my man!
Hey, somebody says we're the best of  bit.ly/jWfA2h  check out the best of my Twitter reading for the past week!
Screw you Ms.Keiken Pedoctor Pupperman is someones name out there
How I wish I responded to my tweet.
but it will never happen.
or:
Great volleyball match.
Basketball, not so much.
Are you still working on your album or is it finished?
Thank you for following me.
Working towards a doctoram : Nice to have your support!
Happy Wednesday!
What have you guys been up to?
shhhh, secret code!
it's all about my O's!
Excuse my French but I'm in France.
I'm just sayin.
65 visitors and counting for Car Schmar tonight !
We're nearing capacity for this event.
Deal of the Day at Chico's for January 19: Pants  19.
Stop in for details or call 808.891.1647.
The question isn't at what age I want to retire, it's at what income.
George Foreman
so much boobs...even I don't know what to do with them :
never forget where you have been.
The life you have lived shapes the future.
Thanks for the recco to Great to see fans tell their friends about us.
: we should catch and game and get a bite to eat coach.
let's do it!
You're speechless I see, a fine quality in a wife.
They think it's a giant mutant super dog, but perhaps it's an otter hologram.
THAT'S why your butt is so little.....
Google Maps is currently my best friend.
Inspired by a one man mission to help AL tornado victims.
How you can help on Fox at 10.
Home..
Nyquil and KU highlights and replay...
all gravy baby
FavMusic KCA BigTimeRush Vote vote vote BTR deserves to win for there amzing n hard work?
How lovely to think that no one need wait a moment.
We can start now to improve the world.
Anne Frank
I want a relationship like Louis and eleanor ...
And Liam and Danielle
THE BEST THINGS IN LIFE AREN'T THINGS  from 2 of Kimo's Hawaiian Rules
Night on the town in the D.
Bc we be imported from Detroit.
: Am I the only 1 who can doctornk this early?/!!!!
With the people I love the most!
Minus JB lol...
Baby baby baby oh
Except for Jeff Foxworthy, these guys are hilarious!
School a but I have to go
Taylor Issues XD
: WareWolf mode tonight!
FullMoon teen wolf

cuts off slow music puts on reggae  Time To Twerk
we're all on the same pg!
: i.e.
almost all PMCIDs have corresponding PMID  exception of book reviews/out of Pubmed scope
Stay by the ones that truly love you play the ones that play you and take all you want.
Live it!!!!
thanks!
I'll look for it!
Let her kiss the bride!
Looking for a great stocking stuffer idea?
Try our one hour jump cards!
making 15 elementary schoolers get up and do yoga in the middle of class: PRICELESS.
especially since it was relevant to the lesson.
It's Herb Day at the US Botanic Garden!
Stop by between 10 and 3 to check out all the booths and see our many blooming plants!
lol yes we have : my bad ...
That's cool ..
I tried to be productive but I'm back in bed bc I don't feel well
Thanks Heartbeats Photography for the fun shoot today!
:
All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions.
Leonardo da Vinci
matter fact im calling now
Try our new Crispy Onion and Spinach Turkey Burger!
Yes!
This account still exists!
: I feel compelled to tell you how great the weather is here in Chicago, but I'm resisting.
one reason I'm at the parish anniv is to meet richard hunt.
I took a pic of the work I own by him to show him.
He remembers it!
I'm siked!
Anything that you starve will die if you don't FEED into joy robbers you will kill depression and enjoy freedom and happiness starting now!
Was it suitable for an 8 or 10 year old girl?
Slop Where.
Are.
You.
RT : SantaFe Residents in need: Use code DISTRESSED to get 49 room rate at Lodge at SF or 79 room rate at Hotel Plaza...
No matter how painful your decision has been, as long as you can sleep well at night, it means you made the right choice.
Can you please play Chuck Wicks single Old School please?
Woke up to a hot house 
Board of Supervisors Chairman Bill Horn will host a news conference with City of San Diego Mayor Jerry Sanders at 8 p.m.
at the County OES
when is good for you?
And I can't come to you,in case you were unaware.
Practice was str8...
Another day another dollar!
Grind hard...sleep later!
glad you like it : means a lot!!
Glad the rain has stopped.
Annie was right  the sun will come out!
you can do better..
the thing that pisses me of is people don't give a crap about how THE OTHER PERSON feels
One day you'll be scrolling threw your phone and my name will be the first to pop up .
You'll regret never giving me a chance !
sucker !
happy birthday!
How do I get my friends in Canada, California, Washington, Florida and Georgia to try your hot dogs?
Watching Joel McHale on KellyLive, if NBC doesn't renew Community I'm going to be really really mad!!
i havent been on this account in forrevveerr!
had a good work out with my girl see you in the morning!
Celebrating the resurrection and Jesus' victory over death during our morning bible study
Two years later and I still don't know why.
Missin you.
agreed!
Nsync reunion tour please : haha
honesty!!!
Sum chickz act like that's hard to do
My life feels like a cruel comedy of errors today
thanks!
Hey we can coordinate Delaware trips soon!
sxsw these guys bring the party follow
I like a good syndicate.
On Friday we take the stage with and N'Stank must've cancelled...
those Primadonnas.
Hey,I Love to Sing And Dance But I Don't Think I'm Good Enough Can You Help Me?
; RT : To all my humanitarian friends, We're hosting a mothers day dinner at Claras house shelter 5/11 68pm
Haha yes, that sentence was cut off at an awkward point.
Click the link to read the rest of the post!
I swear, me too
I cannot walk 50 yards in those things...
gotta marry u one day .
!
on the grind to do so lmao
MIA Herald Music Critic  great guy Howard Cohen on w/ me 4:30OM 91.3 FM
: So what do you want for A brand new car ..
Make a donation on nixacountry for details.
Lol
dm what u do now bro
ilvolo let's trend that ;
pretty eyed, pirate smile, you'll marry a music man.
um that was a good play
hi !
Long time no tweet.
Hope you're well.
Moved from Orlando to Nashville.
Met your dad the other night.
Nice guy!
We're really looking forward to today's Executive Roundtable on MarketingAutomation Conversation!
I am now referring to the Texas Tech campus as the torture chamber for the next 34 weeks.
Thanks doctor Clark for the inspiration.
thanks Colin!!
Best part is there's so much more awesomeness where that came from :
Hello Amanda.
Thanks for following us.
Will you come in a watch some football with us this weekend?
wheresmadden?
Alumni Association meeting today, May 5, 2011  7:00pm in the lecture hall.
Email for more information!
no problem ;D
really excited!
:
doesn't like being sick.
Sleeps all morning, up all night.
The problem with the Internet startup craze isnt that too many people are starting companies; its that people arent sticking with it SJ
what makes u think u can be a porn star and a human being???
Lol jk
Finding tortillas in Boston is just as hard as finding Italian in Austin.
I have a deli negotiation going on.
downloaded!
Thanks
My brain is ready to implode from being overcaffienated.
thanks!
We're working on some, hopefully we can get them out soon!
Stop with the spam messages :/
I love you too man and it's cool I'm glad you did
What are you going To watch today at the md film fest?
What's happening ??
Thanks for the follow!
You forgot Don Maynard.
Wow.
nfl jets giants.
Played in both SBIII and Colts OT win over NYG in 1958.
people love me :
Religion and Politics: I simply wish we could MOVE the discussion BACK to pragmatic solutions to our nation's pressing problems.
Justin what do you wanna be when you grow up im ganna be, im ganna be, im ganna be a....
Crossing Guard
Thank you so much,guys!!You were marvelous!And all the best with the Festival!
You rock,or shall I say,you swing..!hehe
is that special for the giveaway?
usually 1 hour before first pitch
Kenny, the restaurant's on fire, I'll call you back.
David Bowie Book Fake Exposed
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Jim Rohn.
Reeve Foundation is doing amazing things to help people living with paralysis.
Help them with a donation today.
I did.
bit.ly/powerofwe
are you in the burgh?
In the grocery line with that person in front of me who is questioning every transaction and penny added to her receipt.
of course
yeah...
Bummer.
Though I'm sure the rest of the proposal will wow them :
I'm about to turn these girls into superstars...watch me work ;
We're having a great week here at the Hill.
Hope your week has been as wonderful!
I'm in the mood for some Japanese
Happy Birthday, Elisha!
Can't wait to see you both!!!!
When you put all your time effort and trust into something or someone and it ends up not working out.
Thanks for the cupcake ;
my shoulder is killing me :
But I'm doctornking Lean though
Back in the town
Its Wednesday, and a great day to try out our new Unlimited leads and dialer package, one monthly flat rate.Contact magnalogix 866.460.6611
We have some fun ideas about bringing you music!
John Brennan: There is nothing in international law that bans the use of remotely piloted aircraft for.
Sunday...
Church, NASCAR from 'Dega, and family...I'll take it ;
Ain't nobody know it was birthday til I said something!
Miss the love of my life , need my running mate.
You better be in Chi for my bday!
3
I'm so glad you are!
Lifelong process of knowledge gathering, collaboration  exploration is goal of liberal arts education
Swallowed a bug on my run today
Final Countdown Ha!
Happy holidays to all
New kitten loves the blow torch.
I never liked typical hair salon talk.
I wish my hairstylist didn't expect a convo/cut deal from me.
Just meaningless chatter...
aw.
Someone else said it and trust me she wasn't.
Jay Reynolds from Malice just shared the cover art for the new Malice album.
Looks amazing!
CD out in may, and he assures me a tour follows!
will u sell that In pill form or 2x4s to the face?
If u choose the 2x4 form, I'd love to be a salesman for you...
I think that same guy was at Fado a couple of weeks ago.
The Irish bartenders were having a field day laughing at him.
After seeing Blair Underwood on CNN I want to see A Streetcar Named Desire.
Great reinterpretation  he doesn't seem so bad either.
so whats the excuse from lastnight?
Sweet, i'll see if i can doctorp by and hang some
lololol ggget it girl
THANKS.........UR WELCOME
They can't hang w/ us

chilled at for a while today
We will be close today and Wednesday...see you Thursday...Happy Jack
aren't you upset Stevey Baby is retiring?
Having a love/hate relationship with last night.
Well done Jete...
well done.
ugh
Auburndale City Commissioner Jack Myers Q1 total is 26,990 for his Senate run to replace Paula Dockery.
The Radleys, by Matt Haig: lots of fun with vampires
Vegas people  Artisan used to be really local friendly.
Now, not so much.
Where do you all go these days?
Thanks so much for the follow!
You obviously didn't see my hair lol
QT : tralalapreggers?tralala//you know I had uterine cancer and can't have kids, right?
A year ago.
watching coffee bar episode and just realized you are a fellow Packer and Badger.
In college at the same time, grew up in GB
asdfg!
I'm bored and my cat is making me mad 
happy birthday!
We be to rap what key be to lock
Ha Ha!
You're absolutely right Jason.
civilwar FOTD.
On this day in 1862, Jefferson Davis declared martial law in Richmond  CSA authorities arrested several Unionists.
I hate how now your name appears very litto im my inbox:
1st day off in a long time.
Aint answering the phone if it's work, ain't checking email, ain't doing jack.
I'm sure they'll survivebarely
it's a very impressive collection which makes a lot of the interactive experiences seem like addons.
Family xmas presents are done.
Expensive, but done.
Does anyone know if Bmore's 32nd St/Waverly Farmers Market will be open Saturday?
Some area markets are closing for Irene.
Yankee Candle GrandOpening this Friday, March 9th
Was just there last night!
The creme brulee w/butternut squash for desert was like a perfect pumpkin pie!
Sounds great!
I'm looking forward to reading your tweets.
:
BeforeYouExit love you guys.
no problem!
i am going to look into more for my company so I'll let you know if I find anything valuable.
yes please
to have sales confidence, you must first build and develop your SELFconfidence.
learn more about sales psychology in my ebook.
blergh.
time to stop answering the phone today.
About to hit this shower......then bump until I fall asleep..
nowplaying Here come Santa Clause
Sometimes you get so fustrated and burnt out on rehearsing and playing out you just need a break this is my first break in over 20yrs.
People watching at Villa Blanca in Beverly Hills.
Public library patrons browse; academic patrons search.
Evocative dust jackets help for browsing; not so much for searching.
I hate how everyone puts team !
lol!
I think it was a tie!!
Santa clause brought me a new laptop: couldn'tbehappier:
going on a cup cake run using my
Bobby the Fifth is gonna have a lot of patchwork to do tonight.
Of course!
We can compare!
Hanging with the world famous
About to talk about with students at Via Skype!
ONE thing I found out in life......
KEEP GOD FIRST....period...that should be your FIRST LOVE at all times.
Butler has the heart of lions.
Theyre not the most talented team left, but theyll out play any team left.
Wis having off night
i love u so much3 it was nice seeing you today!
i really hope you see this3
Sox skunk Yanks to give division to Rayssome small redemption for the season.
Downtown Indy is Close to Perfect because where else can you eat, spend time on the canal, shop, go to a game, and enjoy yourself!
yes!
I hate the panthers!
how was the left over Chinese?
I hear it's better than Ryan's!
nothing much, working.
my goodness!
how do you not put that in!
thanks!
We really appreciate it
Have you bought your Easter candy?
What's your alltime have Easter treat?
We LOVE the Recces Eggs!
Thank you so much for the tweets!
I really appreciate it.
You're awesome!
Ah there's the
Interesting episode on the future of food, on now!
Check it out Boston  90.9
Or a cherry berry chiller from McDonald's.
Come on, newsfolks, it really is marriage equality not just gay marriage.
Watching at the moment, but it's rampant.
Blues and Booze Wednesdays!
5.00 Stoli Mixers plus enjoy the music of Alex Wilson Band 7:22 to close!
ff my beautiful and talented wife
Im on a cell phone trying to get a finalist spot spent all my time tweeting you.
We're excited to announce that we'll be playing Reggies Music Joint in Chicago Sunday, March 18th at 8:45PM More TBA
Yea I'm an asshole .
Get over it
Every time I need a pick me up I go
You'll find me at coachella hittin a blunt with snoop and holographic tupac
omg brazil hahahahaha
So glad to see that update on my phone!
Made my day!!
Really intrigued to see
Goldfish crackers are the only snacks that smile, probably because they're baked.
So it's offensive to blame white males for what they did?
Lol
Thanks!
Yankees, NY Giants Knicks, Rangers
what a cosigning, ass kissing, hopon faggot you are.
Busy day ahead.
GOP Missouri 4th Congressional District Convention followed by Warrensburg Schools Foundation Golf Tournament
Heading to Breckenridge for a ski trip.
Hope an engine doesn't blow like last time I flew.
Call time is 7am on Thursday for the NCAA games at the Rose Garden.
Almost makes me miss VYT school shows.
Pondering mla12 panels s495Form  Ideology  s541Lit  Other Arts, which situated themselves adjacent to but not part of the dh convo.
Robles Elementary lockdown lifted after two men rob a man on the street, and then crash their car.
Deputies can't find either robber.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were
Your's or are you quoting someone?
I did that earlier today with the kitchen cupboard.
Not fun!
Just to be clear, considering he is at the Ryman tonight, Boozecamp is in now way affiliated with Mellencamp
Printing business is pretty competative in this tough economy.
Most printers are willing to negotiate on price.
8 track tapes are so last decade.
Cassette tapes can fast forward AND rewind!
You remind me of a girl, that I once knew...
MANE THE THAT TUPAC HOLAGRAM LOOK TO REAL .........I LOOK AT THAT JUNT TWICE
Gerrymandering used by state leg to design unusually shaped districts to aid maj party.
States doctorw up districts.
congrats!
next step: RealLife success!
Get it gurrrrrllllll
Your mom!
For the market rally we are in the end of month commit the cash phase.
Not a time to get sucked in with the fund managers
diamonds in my ears, pradas on my zipper, gucci be da slippers DAMN IM FEELIN GIPPER
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong.Joseph Chilton Pearce
Im home sickk from school..
Can you please follow me?
It would help me feel better:
Just trying to stay young and hip!
Looking for media sponsor for Tour dates.
Sipping coffee and waiting for noon and lunch w/ a friend in NYC to talk about writing program stuff.
My coffee is made by Maker's Mark.
can you come on NWSports Tonight on AM860CBS0 in Portland to talk about your article?
Thanks for the follows!!
I need to start baking some cupcakes now!
:/
It's ORD, and it's not even close.
Oh wait, no, I'm sorry, that wasn't a question.
I'm creepy.
We're buying new button pins.
Anyone know any places with good prices?
Thanks
The voting process in Wisconsin is ridiculously archaic.
And I'm not just talking about the 90 year olds working the polling locations.
There's always that one song that reminds me of you
An apple a day will help you play!
3
I don't tweet; I squak!
And I was just about to ask title!
: I'm rereading a book I HATED in grad school.
Really like lots of it now.
I was right there for you through everything  you were the one to leave me for her.
ok i am back
Brewers are one of the early games on Sat.....
I'm not gonna pretend to be someone I'm not for u cause evenly someone will love me for who I am..
sure can!
Hope all is swell!
With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine.
Gmail users experience outage
And she's preggers
This rain putting me right back to sleep...
Smh
everything is not for facebook
Time to do some more work on this team recruiting video with coming thru the speakers.
HI again!
Sorry I've been off the radar.
Food poisoning then work.
YUP We will travel ANYWHERE Any excuse for Paris especially
Did you manage to have fun this weekend despite the rain?
Thank you!!
THis thanksgiving Im not during the headach with family stickin with just us two
LOL.
well, that is a great reason to follow!
Thanks!
you gotta embrace it though  the kids are growing up with this and don't know any different!
would love to host a 2013 practice rnd w/ u'all this summer.
doctornks  BBQ 2 follow  the new digs
Getting my Twitter professorle up and running  sleepy day, supper's cooking, nice day off from work!
:
Heading to Leverage ConCon Convention Today downtown PDX.
ha.
yeah, no.
lol I'm betting he goes to Miami.
Clippers get the rebound after Grizzlies miss two free throw, but land out of bounds.
Grizzlies get the ball back.
Always end the name of your child with a vowel, so that when you yell the name will carry.
Bill Cosby
If I can't watch Xavier I'll cheer for former X players that are now coaching.
Go bobcats!
My mom refuses to get me my own coffee.
I want coffee..
right now.
This had better be my last mister for a while, that's all I have to say.
I need to get weirder.
I'm no good, girl, no good for you.
Also, last time: did proposal, got accepted, then did the research.
That was weird.
I'm not saying I condone breastfeeding a 3yo but I'm not screaming in the streets about it.
Should it be front page news, not to me.
blue screen of death
I don't get Homestuck either.
It's like an old pointandclick adventure game but not.
Consider yourself followed!
Haha
Loved the intense rainy day though it went away as quickly as it appeared.
April 16th show  The Spot has been changed to SATURDAY APRIL 17 at the same location!
quotes In business, one of the challenges is making sure that your product is the easiest to experience and complete a sale.
Hah, really?
Thanks for letting me know!
I may awkwardly lurk there for a bit while too nervous to ask anything...
3RD WINNER FOR NFL WEEK 2...COLTS/PHINS TAKETHEOVER...SHOULD BE A GOOD MNF GAME.....GOOD LUCK TO EVERYONE!
Agreed!
: What would have really been nice, ad about real top issues for LGBT Americans, employment, not tax breaks 4 chosen few
You guys are very fortunate to have such a classact guy like JG on your team.
you are missed in Bmore!
: Word on the street is is gunna be at cheeky tonight true story!
Are you in DC?
Ha, nice.
You gonna have the spot filled with groupies like Ben Folds lol.
See if we have any more Son of Bazerk.
I'm rapping
go see I LOVE YOU PHILLIP MORRIS.
it is a great film.
Me: Hey I just met you, and this is crazy..
..
: You've known me for like 9 years.
My doctorams are playing games with me i swear lol,
I hate copy machines.
Next Saturday we are making food baskets for 90 needy families.
You can provide a family a Thanksgiving feast for 45 www.feedchicago.org
Love how knew I was sitting home on my computer..
:O
Congrats, Matt!
Sounds like a great fit for you.
Since the 1940's Republicans and corporations have blasted holes in our labor rights RT organizing is a right not privilege
Client complimented me.
Said I do good work and Easy to work with.
Photogs, check ego at the door.
Hummingbirds are here.
And in 50mph winds, too.
The new born ruffins is pretty rad.
guess what I'm cooking tonight!
Zuke pasta!
Instead of wondering what is the purpose of life, LIVE a life with purpose.
And we are looking forward to seeing them!
She said can u get a ringtone please....Umm ringtones are
did krazyk just rip ass all raunchy about it?
So you were the one that caused that to happen?!?
Shame on you TXRG...
Greinke's no decision is a perfect example why there shouldn't be a set playbook in baseball.
Don't bring in a closer just because

Anyone having a birthday today?
Love this quote: Age is an issue of mind over matter.
If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.Mark Twain
that's super cute :
sounds like a challenge :
shows picture of cardboard box full of digital media storage devices this used to be our digital archive
Same for Whitney.
That show is shit
Money is the anthem of success, so put on mascara and your party doctorss.
oh huevos rancheros YUM!
Now Im hungry!
Oh!!
Congrats!!
How exciting!!
thanks for following, you have some pretty good tweets :
Almost everyone knows someone in the military.
Share a photo and show us your hero!
FLORIDA GATORS BITCH!!!!!!!!!
WOOHOOOO!!!!!!!
: GATORS.
ALL THE DAMN WAY.
GET DOWN BAMA
Ohh ok..looked a lil troubled
Full Strength.
Delaware up 10.
8:20 left in the first
I don't get why people say duck?
I think it's stupid, just go ahead and say fuck.
FUCK!
See how easy that was?
Stuart Scott, the master of overusing bad catch phases and glass eyeballs
and give lots of nappy rashes  not sure if it is really worth it
Future is the truth.
I'm tutally wilin' now!
Where do I get my VIPs?
Unless the Lord builds the house, they labor in vain who build it; unless the Lord guards the city, the watchman stays awake in vain.
Ps127
: you got tix to the nuggets/lakers series?
yes sir..Friday/Sunday.
thanks for the RT!
On my hustle this morning gota get it !
She don't believe in shootin' stars, But she believe in shoes  cars..Wood floors in the new apartment, couture from the store's department.
I hope that social media helps people more than it harms them  Dear God, please let twitter make me money.
Stop in for a sandwich while you're on the north side cheerin' on the
heard that
Real talk, I need to remember this RT : People will be people...
Why get surprised?
Know Before You Go!
Lights!
Motors!
Action!
Extreme Stunt Show will be closed for refurbishment from April 29May 2.
thanks you : RT No matter how many wineries I visit, none have a better red than the Reggae Red!
LOL beezys hahaha: I just saw a chick sprinting in stilletos.
Say what you want about LA girls, but these beezys are talented.
lol well its about time missy!
It took u 20years to follow me lol u still bored?
Whenever somebody talks about simpler times, they usually mean a time when medicine sucked and everyone was crazy racist.
Thanks for the follow!
Would love to see you at the conference!
BLAH!!
when my cell phone rings i see the last numbers 7000 i shake!
but no oh just wondering when your available to retest again...
BLAH!!!
happy new decade in japan.
good morning gorgeous;
and all of them look like me...
1/2 They are paperbacks.
A little confused myself how to get them Google World Book Night, check there Twiiter or...
Well, YEAH!
lol.
This sucks.
Hmm did you get a hit off me?
No.
And I couldn't help the score we were already getting pounded.
Our annual VDay Fair will take place at Hunter on THURS, FEB 17TH!
Stop by for music, baked foods  feminist revolution!
Well I guess that wasn't my 500th tweet....
Awkward....
Since my cat bit my nose her punishment is to let me hold her up my shirt because I'm cold and her furs so warm.
It feels quiet good.
My mom bought me some more hot suace.
Life is good.
:
Happy birthday to the coolest lil' bro I could ask for.
Cheers, Marcus!
Hm....that's interesting.
Feeling is mutual!
: Thank you for the support!
Love you guys.
Cathy, I love what your doing.
Do you have a blog or website?
Outdoors Geek rents quality camping gear nationwide.
antique bourbon to celebrate
Watching the king's speech.
With all the Aussiebashing the monarchy did, I now understand why this movie was big with the commonwealth.
ive been yelling YOLO all day for no reason!
Please send all the details to
Out for a min but ya boy is back!!
I need to feel better by tonight!!
Im not sick
We must keep the doctoram alive!GBMLKJ
This is AZ.
Shoot them.
Gonna stay happy
I love people who can say the simplest things to me and cheer me up.
Q2.
Funniest get up/outfit you've seen or worn while traveling
I am cooking dinner, kids are chopping up a pumpkin for the compost  husband is practicing fly fishing in the doctorveway.
LOVE being at home.
Oh yes.
Definitely.
Just his page has no mention of Akron and one more TBD under the Puerto Rico heading.
what happened to being best friends and talking everyday?
Who brought pie and where's Tonya and Greg???
sorry I'm clearing out my timeline
clearly nobody likes me on here anymore...ive been slacking cause of school.
im sorry :
90cents and climbing !
awesome !!
The path to sales hasn't changed, but the journey has.
Now people rely on search for answers.
If I see another  Free Whomever  teeshirt I swear...
How bout when they get out, you give them a  Stop Doing Dumb Shit  tee shirt.
Be sure to follow Newark Pride Alliance CEO
Ricky Rubio looking impressive against Miami

in da mix live radio station
cheers bro and yuppers were Great thanks for asking and hope u guys r well down there :
we aren't dating .
but when I see you walking w/ someone else I just wanna punch them in the face
: Being dumped, cheated on and taken for granted is why many people choose to be single.
Oh my goodness, Goose!
That's crazy!
Just found scribbled on scrap of paper: book boner.
Something I overheard at a book fair some time ago.
So much Fd up crap happens in Florida hehe
Happy Tuesday, it's going to be a great day with nice weather join us on the !
Trying to calm down idek why I let someone get me upset im better then that
Feelin a little anxious about this dentist appt.
ugh!!
What music should I listen to during my surgery?
One full ticket?
That would work.
Thanks for the response.
The point is, writing code is not enough.
is it wing night yet?
where is the proof that he got kicked out of the bar?
There is none.
All rumours and hear say.
The decision has been made...
So cute!
Can't wait to see the look book.
xo
oh where oh where was Monchele today?
hm.
lol
Announcement on new Sequence Media Channels and online directories later today.It is going to be a VERY busy month as new shows roll out.
Guess ill b taking off work tomorrow too!
Jason H.
Sherwood is speaking today to the American Academy of Matrimonial Lawyers on Short Sales and Alternatives to Foreclosure.
Loves nights like these.
Sorry, man, I also produce.
Thanks, tho.
I'm glad you looked it up !!
i forgot to tell her O:
Feel like I should do jumping jacks, push ups, and maybe make some juice today.
RIP Jack Lalanne
glad you agree.
keep sayin' it.
we love long beach...we love long beach ;
Im so bored!
I wish he could just see..
Timeline is dead : I could go for some fun tonight!
Wahh
I HATE STARWARS :/
don't hate the player, hate the game.
Puzzle is complete :
I'm sure its all rumors .
Sorry I missed this.
He's incredible!
Everyone is predicting a linebacker, so I'm satisfied!
RT Thanks!
How is the little one?
Who has time to watch regular season games?
Not me!
Come October...
go Braves!
RIP The great Earl Scruggs, An American original
Even my TL isn't keeping my attention.
This is a problem
Have a super great day planned with
Whatever!
You are totally gonna rock it.
Damn it, Jerry, indeed.
Thoughts on The Office?
OKC  Celtics in finals!!
I got 5 on it
People get creative making money on eBay  selling big ticket items: life, house and love, lunch and now even vote!
WOW.
If you had 15 minutes with the head of a department, what questions would you ask to discover training/development needs?
good night school tomorrow!
duly noted
maybe if the fans hadn't acted like a lunchroom wrestling crowd, we'd go back.
racial taunts, objects thrown, fans hurt, etc.
Anything new coming out in the near future?
SalonPK is now open!
Call 6360787 to schedule your appointment.
haiti Follow Shelterbox USA tweets  their new site Lets support this org that brings shelter /supplies to victims in need
is my doctoram boy!3
Excellent news...reservations needed for small parties?
Not in person.
So no.
should help him cover that bounces check out west..
lol for the time being
Although he's undoing his sisters bra with his spare hand.
Pretty baller.
Ok ronroberts says I can go to bed.
I am taking his advice.
It's been fun.
Glad I didn't play the doctornking game.
Watching the dopest documentary on QED, its on hip hop and sampling.
Turn it on if you're at the crib.
I guess I'm not nice.
Oh well lol
Do you remember it?
:
And baptized her little sister Rebecca today!
Starting this day bright and early by subbing for some baby ballerinas at BDC!
Perfect!
:
Rebecca has been cooking for me again at Publix ;
OMG....really tho!!!
ifyoudontknowmebynow tweet me!
get to know me :
I bought a popstar magazine just so I could read your part : I dont even like magazines.
Hehehe
Why doesn't have pull to refresh?
If you wish to know what a man is, place him in authority.Proverb
That was my first thought too.
Yum!
Aren't they awesome?!
: RT Loving this ice pop tampico flavored
Pick all 4 sides and bet em big with bookmakers, just chino the bookmaker u lose with,
Been following for a bit now and he's always on responding to every tweet he gets!
That's pretty commendable.
It Requires authorized numbers; Mine is not one.
Not fair to neighbor for me to ask to add my 5 phones to MicroCell.
Sup bro!?!?
I speak to you but you don't respond back.
How bout some RT love?
WTF?!?!?!
Wow a must see!
Historical Korean recreations with teddy bears??!!
Crazy!
1 day left till the pitch conference at Mountain View!
A gathering of intelligent, dynamic, entrepreneurial, and techsavvy women!
tell all of your friends to come!!
I need to start on birthday plan.s for NX month
nascar the doctorver r doctorving better and safer
Social business integrates social media into entire org and business processes 
I predict that LeRoy Butler loses the card with GB's 2nd Round pick on it and just wings it at the podium.
love you!
Yeah true, but I feel bad about it bc he's like obsessed now
too bad I am meeting friends to watch CL final.
Good luck!
Do you ever look at your mentions and laugh or are we not funny enough?
Good Morning!
Stop by and try some mister Nice, Strain of the day at a reduced donation :
RT : Greed tempts the man who lacks self control, whereas the contented man, knows that everything he needs will come his way.
is really dumb enough to believe the goofy things he says, but are voters that stupid?
Town Council workstudy tonight 530pm.
Levels of Service Budget discussion related to Legal Services, Recycling and Transportation.
lol yes yes you do
Well put...LaRussa is just a pile.
bitch bought me rocawear I told her take that shit back
Is anybody actually in defo and wanting to do anything tonight??
Our buddy Iris Leonardo will be headlining at the house of blues this thursday!
She got mad skills so go check her out!!
I uploaded it on the way back to my desk.
Now you're sure.
20thingsaboutme ; my favorite color is lime green.
;
A coworker was excited until I told him it probably wasn't British.
Just got stung by a BEE!
!!
IF YOU KNOW ME , you know i hate FUCKING BEES!
!!
Tim burton is a beast
Not that big of a fan but dang you guys are cutee ; You guys should do a song with :D
ps have fun and stay out of trouble ;
I give up.
That is the MOTHER of all decorative flasks.
ha!!!
Have a safe trip both you and POL!!
RT : I'd be more into the Oprah show being over if we got to sink her and turn her into an artificial reef at the very end.
taco belle for dinner .
hell yeah
Redesigning my company site  MAM5ive Creativegroup V2 coming soon...
If a tomato is a fruit, then isnt ketchup technically a smoothie?
gotta love those typos...
meant to say your...
Must be the excitement of the day, haha.
Cheers, Christine!
;
: MettaWorldPeace what the hell was he thinking?
A company got paid and then never stayed in touch or kept his clients updated.
Where's the number?
I love my nights that are spent with my love
The American Civil Liberties Union...ACLU...has a Socialist agenda!
A night of reflecting on why I am THANKFUL that God allowed me the AMAZING CHILdoctorN that call me MOM
I would guess.
some have serious allergies, stomach disorders, gluten intolerance...
others don't...
etc etc.
Words out project runway is casting for the new season!
Get apps in by 3/15
Nokero is so pleased about the distribution made by One Million Lights to families in the Philippines.
next time!
got an oncampus meeting so will be in office tomorrow.
will send good vibes to rva coworkers!
The Battle of Puebla.
French defeat, Mexican victory, margarita not invented yet.
My phone is deciding to be dumb.
RT Music video this weekend follow to get exclusive footage of behind the scenes
amazing meal in the sun  Iron Cactus with and
just heard that last smash from my Chitown fam.
What does success mean to you?
Is health a factor in enjoying it?
Is health a factor in achieving it?
Happy Friday!
Now we're having dessert!
M vanilla key lime  honey chiffon cake!
when are you back in the westside???
I miss you!!
No Youth Court this weekend!
Also, please be aware that our offices are closed Thursday, November 11th in honor of Veteran's Day.
I want to put a hole in this wall.
Thank you for the follow..
Now following back.
Look forward to the info.
Please send any questions you might have...
blushing Thank you so much for the wonderful wishes.
You are too much!
Hope to see you soon!!
hahahahahahah x omg too funny
I was under the impression Shaquille O'Neal tweeted at least 10 times a day.
It's a New Year, but the same Lions in Lambeau.
Me: I'm a wizard, Friend: Then prove it, Me:Sorry I can't, No magic outside Hogwarts.
Im working through a list of names right now.
thanks for sending me ur girl.
The nice thing about living amongst college kids, is that when u want to party, you can tell them to go STFU, but sucks when u want quite.
When your away too long, it feels as if apart of me is gone.
RT : Cruise.com Sales/Customer Service Trainer Needed!
Email resume to
todays my first day of summer break.....bout fuckin time
aight!
Woo and summer is coming up!
Woohoo!
D3 Brings LED Display Technology to Landmark New York City Theatre Venues; Introduces First LED Marquee Display in ...
PiratesoftheCaribbean on repeat now.
HansZimmer still doing work
still awhilethat decision belongs to distributor after post is finished : So when is coming out?

To get to a Gemini 's heart is you have to get through their head, they like a challenge.
former?
:P
watching movies not shot for 3D is like listening to music through tin cans
boyfriend video made us wet OH MY GOD IDSOYSDIG HAHAHHAHAHA
The one time a ribbon cant help me.
I am in CA and didn't know that!
Do you know who we connect with to get our sandiego teens involved?
changed my username back.
i wasnt feeling the new one :
did you pass La Washa?
That's where I went to middle school.
At my bestfriend's house .
No shutdown.
Back to plan A.
Just wish Plan B were not such an issue for the fundies.
It's a perfect week to winterize your gardens.
Cutting down perennials, mulching and planting tulip time is now!
NEVER EVER EVER EVER EVER!
They will never get it.
Most of these girls from dance are FAKE as fuck!
Putting the vasectomy off too long wasn't a good idea: looks like 4 is on the way.
Thank you !
And for your continued support!
:
Thank you!
Share it with your followers
Let B.C.N.
provide you with reputable ,prescreened contacts from all over the world .
Your turn : follow back?
:D
There's always one in every crowd.
I wonder if i have ever been that one.
That was very well said, Alcides!
I have never used the word polecat, written or spoken!
Waiting file my aunt then I'm off to Seminole till Thursday night :!
my english teacher workin them heels!!
haha ;
Bob Stokes The world is proof that God is a committee.
ps...starting the circle...
Come on NBA.
Bring in some talent for the dunk contest like the good old days.
Blake, bron and howard.
Shit is weak!
WeWontWork If you still listen to your bestfriends.
being blunt aint wrong :
I need to get back in the gym
but it was the best soup ever!
I know it sold because you ran out sometimes.
This is like the Starbucks molasses cookie conspiracy!
How to spend a saturday night???
Answer: watching Selena duh!!!!
Just noticed you were on the board of Digital Harbor Foundation!
Hope to connect with you soon!
Welcome to the dark side!
In the past 24 hours I have had 3 tests, 1 quiz, 1 presentation, and a lab report due.
My spring break has officially begun!!!
Just Fuck It ..
all good again :
A truly tragic loss.
I always act like I dont care , but on the inside I really do care.
When all the trees have been cut down, when all the animals have been hunted, when all the waters are polluted, when all the air is unsafe 
thats fine!
But i have two, they are both called photo collage, ones red blue and yellow and the other one says phc on it!
our brainwaves were crossing, just said the same thing re: australian egalleys
Shut it down
Been thinking of trading in my Lexus for the new GS.
I keep getting ads online that just tease me and are getting me closer to doing it!
Twitter: n: A device for playful banter without showing you my 9,000 boring pictures.
Apocalypse 2012: It will all be over soon
Book your ski vacation now   join other sexy couples for a swingers weekend on the slopes of Breckenridge!
hat was long gone by then.
looking forward to our webseries.
It is going to be fun!
No It A Be Gone By The Morning
i just got an idea to make an OMMWriter email client.
this is the only idea i've ever had that i felt passionate about at all.
Don't forget, Skybox has 3 garlic fries  2 bud lights during all mariner games !
lmao RT : RideOrDieStans RT shout out to all the real heat fans who are still keeping the faith this post season
you meant, Geaux Saints.
But I won't tell anyone.
I wish it were true about parenting today.
My grandmother hasn't talked to my mother in 10 years, hasn't met my daughter or nephews..
I'm playing skyrim and just can't figure out what to do but climb mountains.
I'm Swiftie, too.
It's good know it :
....is it acceptable to put Office?
I've used Excel  Access a lot, which far fewer people have Word.
what up bro?
What's a guy gotta do to get some followers, huh?
TheVoice Ducky was much better than some people who have already made it through.
:
If you see the shirts  think I need a bigger one get a Large!
Lol!
This doctorg just scared the ish out of me n wanna start screaming!!
4 losses for Cuse Lax now.
Might need to win out to get NCAA bid.
Craziness RT MLAX: Correction.
126 Cornell win.
good to meet you at the edcamp mtg.
I'm teaching debate this summer.
you have any super lessons I can borrow?
Welcome  it will be a great night.....
To do list: go to a bank wearing a ski mask.
complete a normal transaction.
leave as if nothing happened.
More pumped for Kyrie, because I understand basketball now.
I was 11 after LeBron's rookie year haha
I Guess He Thought I Was Coming Lastnite Huh Lol
Merry xmas sweetheart!
i want to cu!
I Put Up The Westside Sign At Ms.Frazier , She Was Like What Is That , I Said  Westside  And She Said  Respect   Threw Up Her Dueces :
yikes..
apparently she's coming to JC to film her new show.
Hopefully the pregnancy will cancel the shenanigans.
ok sorry.
Just wondering.
:
That's a fail?
If it's a concern, grab the version off of GitHub, but be aware it comes in a folder with a rather long file name!
Imagine that.
No invite.
It's starting to bother me now.
Whatever.
If You Wanna Be In My Book Tweet Or DM Your Name And Ill Put It In My Book And Ill Make Sure Vinny See's It..!
: Please?
7
Thanks for the mention!
It's been a great day so far.
LSU is just Wareing down the Ducks defensive line
People who brought us 5 Hour Energy have a new product, iChill which apparently has the exact opposite affect when consumed...no joke!
I'm super skeptical about that show...
Did you like it?
hot!!!...proud u ma...doin ur thing....this is one of my favs...
Not live tweeting Survivor tonight, because I don't think my marriage can survive 2 live tweet nights per week.
After the bachelor tho...
hey here's my twitter so follow me maybe?
Please Alli is today my day?
:
imagine Louis is in a hot tub, you sit on his lap and you can feel something hard against your legs.
Goshen sucks I miss the city
you can park for free at ours, or do valet and tip em
I voted
s/o to Melly Mel!
She's going to be dancing on the bar tonight  Sutra.
Don't miss it.
Lol!
That's it.
Im buying another motorcycle
I want a board!
Congrats!
We are excited to publish your work!
kerbey lane lunch, food trailer festival, free delta spirit show, then manchester orchestra also for free?
WHY AM I LEAVING AUSTIN?!
still hurts  now I can hardly lift my arm without pain in my shoulder :
Damn this gloomy weather D: WHERE'S THE SUN!?
shout out to all my october BDays Baby...!!!!
Aye
Ah!
I will be leaving to visit family in Blacksburg VA.
Perhaps another time
SHOW: April 26 at the Roxy!
All Ages // 9:45 pm Flyer coming soon!
Save the date ;
TalkReal is all I do, but I'm sure your extremely promiscuous nature is not your defining trait.
Haha.
Wow Can't sleep!?
Bored!
Paranormal investigators do it all night.
I love that pooch picture...why do cockers look away so much when they are hugged..I have one too..a rescue..she rescued me...lol
craigslist is already blacked out for sopa protest
NFL does scrimmages between teams now?
So that old dude on the ship at the end of tonight  Olivia's prophesied killer from the animated episode?
Hey Green Room!
What is the most difficult or challenging role you've played onstage?
How did you rise to the occasion?
Ya please continue following me please my following thing acting up
Ha!
Shaved yesterday.
Was scaring the baby.
I support you.
RT : Hey are we supporting movember with mustaches tomorrow?
Shop small with us today!
Get a limite dedition Night Owl tote bag FREE with any purchase no matter how small.
Woohoo!
Fairley is so late
i believe we have someone headed out there.
pretty sure he put you guys on his sched
Thnks we're excited too.
Pick up June's issue of Gen Health We're in Eating Right: Tea Health 101 on pg.
41!
getting a band started in a small town sucks
Sighting: iPhone 4 right next to me on subway.
I had to stop myself from staring, eyesbugging!
'Hello' is such a faded hit now, but last year it was smoking hot.
I'm not usually one to watch the College Basketball Invitational, but this PittButler game is pretty good...
: Can't wait til next season
a good old CappysPizza this was a college favorite of mine back in the day.
You're shoes are ugly So is your face!
Hahahahahahahahahahaha
It's the calm before the storm in austin texas.
Hope my flight to nyc gets out at 7am!
i NEED to see the avengers
My dads pissed at me.
Live fast, have fun, and be a bit mischievous
love the Atlantaish.
Trying to tie some loose ends so I can be more out and about
learned to never take me into Petsmart.
I will want to buy every pet and will refuse to leave.
The strength of the group is the strength of the leaders.
Vince Lombardi
I wonder what's the shortest amount of time someone has regretted getting a tattoo right after getting it.
Good night my love
Judge Keesler: There is a danger that as a bar and as lawyers and judges we mistake activity for achievement charlottecle ediscovery BM
Attention: I have Springsteen tickets tonight so none of you jerks better create any breaking news situations today.
That is all.
Watching the dark night
Player torching the Lakers?
Just put Kobe on em.
: nice new twitter name!
Haha :
we're building for the future they'll say, as they fall deeper in the doctorft.
best to doctornk heavily on bday
Thanks for following my twitter Neil.
I agree it's all about the small decisions that compose all of life.
I am watch diary of a wimpy kid
SHOUTOUT TO EVERYONE WHO HAD A BDAY THIS WEEK!!!!!!!
BDAY PEOPLE MAKE THAT NOISE!
Musical lineup for top of 11th: Wilco; Warren Zevon;
Love the All Together Campaign.
Huge fan of wishing Veatrice Henson.
A happy 100th birthday...Sprint.com/alltogethernow
Thanks for the follow !
I would love to get you in front of our 200,000 subscribers in NM after restaurant week!
Thanks for the post!!!
You rock
I am totally stoked...
I'm all set for the new IDX.
I'll get you the details.
How soon can we make it active?
TrainingTip: Cap your stair training times at 15 minutesthat's the time to shoot for on race day.
Shoot for more repeats in less time.
RT : I now have 18 interesting web resources to look at from today's sschat.
Thank you!
Me too!
I have all these open tabs!
Don't fly spirit air.
They refused to refund 191 fare to veteran who is dying.
I'll be checking on the weather in my area constantly  NE IN  we've had inches of rain and suppose to be changing to snow YUCK
Molly thanks for the follow!
We always love it when we can connect with fellow Marquette alumni.
I like to pretend there's a loud DUN, DUN, DUNNNN!
after sentences like that.
Makes them exciting.
Our intern, , has left the building.
We'll miss him!
He did great!
wait...you're up here in NYC and didn't call...
bo
I am a premed major so homework and studying but I decided I miss twitter so Im back  how are you?
if I need alcohol to be there, I think I shouldn't plan on dishing out the cash to be there, y'know?
RT : New entries for our H MUSIC Song of the Month.
No more Curling films?!?!
Oh, LC, why so must you make the Canadian catalogers cry?
O you go to notre dame bro....
Classic nick dirienzo
hello liam : how are you today?
mywordoftheday listen // clients, friends, family, pets, news, followers, your parents  good listening will give you an edge
Every 9 1/2 min, someone in the U.S.
is infected with HIV.
Call us at 877411TKNO to know your HIV status today and we will come to YOU!
SometimesIJustWant to go on a road trip heading no where.
It's the adventure and not the destination that you'll remember when you're older
Lmfao you're going to hate me
Hopefully YOU know Karma.
Looks like Westbrook free throws didnt work.
u welcome
RT : Dear We will all leave mitten shaped cookies if you declare MI the true mitten state.
I enjoy the wee hours most.
I'm just a people person, I guess.
MT : Europe's rejection of austerity in favor of stimulus policies shd be viewed as a positive for world economy.
Reject austerity.
Harden is on a mission
Looking forward to Measuring Social Media Success on 5/17 at uwebc.
and Spectrum Brands presenting.
Actually, I probably won't be doing any creative work at all tomorrow.
for what Joe?
Any word?
I just don't understand, why you running from a good man baby?
Why you wanna turn your back on love..
why you've already given up..
that awkward moment when LinkedIn sends invites to the majority of ur gmail contacts not just the ones u selected...
I'm very jealous.
Sounds so tasty!
Roobios tea, john maus, airport shuttle
I'm really having a hard time with Paleo paleodiet when sick with a stomach virus.
I crave pasta, bagels, bread, rice, etc.
Ugh.
Tweeted the man shitting on a solid gold toilet.
RT : It's Thursday, how much  has wasted today?
RT : Already excited about my friend being  Cornerstone this Wed nite.
Don't miss it  it's gonna b incredible!
They Pulled me Over afterdark , I Had to do the Breathalizer Test, walk the Line,The Whole Nine Yards, These Cops Serious.
Lol
Just want to cry.
Coming to Franklin Sq on April 21!
MT : Docs in the Park is this Saturday at Gwynns Fall/Leakin Park!
Great movie!
I don't know why they never show up for you
Would you Retweet this?
i love your singing :
you're a nerd
Which panel are you in?
it's also very likely she's lying about living in a paper cave
Did you do the same thing I did tonight?
You're all just scared Lol Pens take injuries and keep winning.
Don't throw temper tantrums like a 4 yr girl.Torts
Exactly.
No wonder I'm always lost.
RT : Will melo anounce the deal on conan?!?!?!
I wouldn't miss it.
Word is its goin down like right now
one assumes with proper Humphrey Bogart style Havanna headgear...
as long as they're not rude or violent, schizophrenics are my favourite type of people.
i am oddly comforted by them.
I love the new louie show!!
Chicago's Finest3
When you find money in your pockets
Unusually satisfying Mondaymaking slow but steady project on book revision project
you got twitter yayy!
Missing you!
Me you  need to meet up ASAP!
x
Our 1st Salsa Social tomorrow Oct.
1st at 10:00p.m.
Best of Times Ballroom 6255 SW 8 Street.
Parking in the back of bldg.
Awesome!!!
RT : Q4 Be honest if youve changed/deleted  explain.
Dont just reject their content w/o any discussion.
Damn I just want to my yearbook...see what he wrote!!
My Friend Elise Is PIG SITTING!
Lulu Is The Pig And She is Super Adorable!
feeling that feeling that I feel when I feel stuff.
The suspense ...
Will it be Juliette or Jamar??
Two of the best!
haha!
Made me think of a lot of our clients; we are in Charlotte, lots of bankers  investment people.
Stoked for long boarding!
Any fun tourist things to do?
I'm so goooooooooooneeeeeee.
Hi.
I need a follow back if you want me to RT etc.
thanks
not so sure about the cropped dude suit, homeboy...
hm.
I'm a cool cat and changed my twitter I.d.
Ya know.
Are you kidding me?
Loe gives up a Granny on his 1st pitch!
Brewers bullpen with another failed outing.
Wolf deserved better!
Excellent!
Will check it out
I don't see you at work anymore, so this will have to do.
gotta agree hell of an album
I mean yeah cheating on somebody is worse than not texting them unless they text you first, but so you understand?
Anytime...
you guys check that email yet?
RT : wow, thanks!
Finally, NBA making progress towards ending this ridiculous lockout.
yes, we CLA types do like to ramble on..
Consulting with investors on selling short through Maven Research.
Selling short for professorts and a hedge.
Um, I use a gallon jug with a rubber stopper  airlock...but I'd have to pick foam stopper over aluminum foil.
Hmm good lax session
we love you too!
: please follow me?
:
So not feeling good today
so long Portland, and thanks for all the doctornks!
Love U, baby!!!
haha you gonna be in town today!
Who will get engaged this December?
A great tasting orange can lift me out of the worse moods.
I need to carry one with me everywhere I go.
ever notice how broke people always wana doctorss up, but rich people always got on some chill shit
It doesn't matter as long as I trust the person delivering the link and they've given me enough context to be interested.
We are gearing up for another Brazilian Foodie events throughout Miami for SeptNov ....
details, recipes, pics and food coming soon ....
I love this artist's work: www.michaeljohansson.com/works/strollsthroughtimeandspace.html
can't wait : when do you come back down?
And it's almost your birthday 3
me too!
I need momma Lori advice for everyday of my life usually.
You help me keep my head on straight : haha
Thanks for your support!
RT : Sweet!
I can't wait to get mine..
getting the Pit Ball one
Did you know: St.
Paddy's Day celebrations extend all the way to Japan, Russia and Singapore.
Don't miss the MKE parade  March 12 at noon!
And plus, I love KD
not taking anything away from Tebow but of the steelers were healthy things would have been much different!
I think that's true.
Apparently people being wrong about the new BBC Irene Adler pushes all my crazy buttons.
Your welcome :
You are a moron and a scumbag.
Your bongo outburst on Maher was embarrassing.
If you are ignorant, you should probably stfu.
I have so much more respect for puck
Bills are a bitch.
New media reconfigures not materiality, but the idea of materiality.
me too.
well, anytime really.
also applies to apple juice.
never let anyone try to bring you down!
hold your head up as high as you can!
in case people don't know this yet, its hotter than the hounds of hell outside!
So I get nauseous whenever I smell food.
I think I'm pregnant.
didn't have football today 
Q.
How can you tell when a women is having a bad day?
A.
She has her tampon behind her ear,and she cant find her cigarette.
Starting my weekend off right, with an Madtown Nutbrown!
Maybe I'll give a talk.
How does day 2 work?
Do u have to sign up to speak?
i wanna be famous one day but i have no talent.
StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie don't open the damn door!
no problem you okay wit me
In that pussy so deep I could have doctorwned twice !
When darkness falls we'll doctorw near to the light.
.
.the light of the world
Our life could be a reality show

great booth at the FAAN walk on Sunday in Denver.
Thanks for all your doing to support those with food allergies!
fantastic!
Also, if you have any regular spots, you can always invite me to tag along.
k I got you tomorrow!
MT : Called Kristof 19th C crusader  panel  liberal crowd turned on me.
Like some students: What's wrong w/ paternalism?
Celebrate Soccer  meet team for Champions League Final 3pm 2morrow Unleash and
Lakers and 2 SEC baseball games on.
Loving this
Just found out about colorcop.net at ctctbootcamp.
Handy little tool for quick sampling colors on sites.
I love you your so cute
perfect throw by Jacory to hank for a U TD
woman after my own heart!
that's how Jesus would spend Easter!
Jeffco Schools just called  they are now closed on Friday.
it's one of their best kept secrets!
Still up in Bexar County dispatch.....still slow going...
If you want to see some of the most hilarious ignorance of any Reds fan, check out tweets by I'd RT, but he blocked me.
:
Hey, thanks for the follow and nice to meet you ;
A few days early for FF referral but you really need to follow !
She's just that awesome a singer/songwriter.
Love her!
I added Generations and Insurrection to our queue.
I don't think many of the other films are on Netflix Streaming :
Status: Rally Cap On.
I must stay calm and believe in Karma.
Just saw the GoogleMaps Street View camera car doctorving down 7th Ave past MSG.
It looked ridiculous, but it was pretty sweet.
Real People!
Real God!
Real Relationships!
Real Change!
Connect GZconnect If you need more info about Connect Groups DM us..
furniture!!
I'm so excited, had no idea.
ilearnsomuchontwitter Now on the HPMkt agenda too
Wait.
You're on the Interregnum committee?
Chicago is one city.
We shall work as one people for our common good and our common goals.
Harold Washington
happy new year to you too!
RT: : You know who loves to dance and just released a book?
that's who.
ok, cupcake talk is off limits.
it's too early in the day.
oh no, it's afternoon, yeah cupcake talk!
yum
Signed up for an Evernote account in May '08.
So why did it take nearly three years for me to become a zealous poweruser?
May Special: Custom Full Color Banners 3.50 a sq.
foot!
We can handle large volume orders!
Getting 2 wake up  c 's handsome face in 's pages makes me feel kinda funny.
He's doctoramy!
you're sucking up...
but I like it!
Gauntlet, thrown!

RT What do we get, as arts orgs, out of these conversations?
What's the underlying objective?
Yea its just a lame night that's all RT : Oh lol yea smh shruggs
Can we bring Bill Belichick to coach the Sox???
yikes..
I heart makeup status
Today is the Babies first day of Kindergarten!
I am so full of emotions,Can't stand it!
I am so proud to be her mommy.My baby is not my baby
true.
This mix is called Collections  Connections and each song has to have a direct relationship with the next in some way.
RT : Two great shout outs this weekend: To for OU graduation  to for acceptance to UofF doc program.
Woot!
thanks for following me.
Can you tell me how my book is going to sell Mastering SelfMotivation?
.
B.Rios vs.
V.Ortiz, Las Vegas, 144lb limit, Ortiz wins by KO.
Don't think Rios power follows him up the scales
at , newtechnetwork is rethinking the role of teachers.
They are creators, facilitators of student learning.
IT'S GOIN DOWN 2NYT INSIDE CLUB MANSION IT FINNA BE KRUNK!
I hate sitting at the doctors, it's so boring!
Get involved with campus and student life.
A student newspaper like the is a great place to start!
I need 59 followers Mention me!
.
props are due to , not me.
Happy FF to some great Chicago Tweeps
Will we ever get a tweet from you?
:
Sounds finger lickin' good.
Which books accompanied you on your last trip abroad?
I had The Windup Bird Chronicles by Murakami 624 pages of inflight reading :
Lame is deprecated, but I share your sentiment.
I'm still clinging to a straw of hope nonetheless.
Basically, Jim and I want to be him.
May end up that way one day.
Snakeskin boots aren't that far from Chicken doctorfts

Hoot Hoot!!
Owl pride.
y Triple E?
La Jolla Scripps Underwater Park and Canyon.
rain is doctor/how else/will real meaning/exclude itself
www.pledge4patriots.com is now in preproduction of the first radio commercial.
Join...Donate....Volunteer become a member NOW!
I known I'd tip ya.
yu would say that!!
filming Papa Murphy's Commercial tomorrow and booked a lead in a narrative film!
Woohoo!
oh okay
I think it's time to reevaluate some priorities...
itshardwhen I think about something funny and I want to text you and laugh about it together, but then I remember we don't talk anymore
Gonna be a good fight always want money to win.
ha do tell
Why does ALA have to have a conference in a city without an airport?
Seriously?
Anaheim?
Seth's moneyshare more often!
just killed it at showcase!
Check out Del Mar's Holiday of Lights nightly from 5:30 to 10:00 at the Del Mar Fairgrounds!
My Rangers in htown today
Thank you mister Prater!
If you hire a recruitment agency and the first thing they do is post the job, you need a new recruitment agency.
Anyone can post a job.
Great interview with on
Why can't anything ever go my way?
Theres always something ruining everything.
all these thoughts runnin through my head 
Who wants a Club Interlude discount flier?
We'll be in the cities of Fontana, Bloomington, Rialto, Colton,  San Bernardino today...
Publicists need people to watch.
I love God!
jesussaves 
's Kirk Stewart in COMM483 today talking to us about seven global trends that affect corporate reputations
good choice on the slate ;
older siblings are responsible for annoying their younger siblings.
:
If you seek darkness, it will find you.
The problem is recognizing when it finds you, before it is too late.
Yeah but I look weird petting and playing fetch with trees
Thanks !
In retrospect, I should have asked your about the historical aspects of rockabilly in Vegas.
Everyone gets engaged on Xmas and valentines day, how come no one gets engaged on Earth Day?!?
It would be unpredictable at least
Saturday morning and the babe is still sound asleep.
Do I dare try and enjoy my coffee?!
I'm going to try and say thank you, 100 times today.
99 to go.
Sarasota..not gonna be possible tho..got to many things goin on..I'm gonna have to autograph n send it to ya
Hope everyone had a great Memorial Day!
downtown Santa Clara.
We'll be watching tonight!
vs.
should be a great bout!
3
:' NO I HOPE BRIAN IS GOING TO BE OKAY!
why yes it is!
Tressel couldn't carry my jockstrap...
I just love   Mean  is my favorite song right now.
Follow our buddies :D
I'm going thursday and friday too.
If anything she'll buy it from u on thursday !
..
if u want
I usually have a glass of lemonade, but to each their own!
Lol
Your Tryna Test Me , Your Gonna Fail
I could imagine running into Austin and just shaking because i'm right next to him.
Have you ever looked fear in the face and said I just don't care?
My buddy Caio is now freelancing, he is a Creative Director and is awesome....check out his site www.iamcaio.com
Watching Jersey Shore.
:
that's awesome.
although I've never read it.
or actually I may have.
perhaps I can't remember.
And Spurs win WITHOUT their big 3 and Gary Neal.
One more regular season game to go!
Spurs extend win streak to 9.
Living life with appreciation of coincidences and their meanings, connects us with underlying infinite possibilities.
Deepak Chopra
Wow, nicki Minaj, what?
Somewhere even lady gaga is confused.
It feels like Christmas.
It kind of hit me around lunchtime that I was going to be able to watch hockey tonight.
Watching Hard Knocks: Cincinnati Bengals from 2009 and saw your ChildPlease explanation.
Haha
I was following you guys BEFORE it was cool!
haha :
Please!!
is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try ..
i love you so much justin!46
God made this whole world round, and maybe it's that way so the paths that we go down will meet again someday.
Attended cousin's wedding this afternoon.
Thankfully there was an indoor backup plan.
You just can't count on Pennsylvania weather!
Always a
A civilized man doesn't buy alcohol in bottles any less than a fifth or more than a liter.

The next two episodes look crazy!!!
Revenge :O
Has anyone seen ADangerousMethod?
movie 
Its been a full first day of the OAH2012 ncph2012 this is my first time here, I'm a little overloaded, but have enjoyed everything so far
On Life I Am Too
just because your hair sucks, GET OFF MINE!
The Princess Diaries :
Dennis: Our economic department is freemarket neoliberal leaning.
Former professor Luis Fernando Medina wrote paper It's The Politics, Stupid
thanks for hosting another great event.
Looking forward to spending more time down there!
OH YOUR IN TROUBLE!!!!
1:For not texting her back and 2: For not following back!!!!!
Mind explaining 3
It's official: I've begun Scags at 30.
Thoroughly excited.
Please read Scags at 7 and at 18 so you can want to know what happens next.
wow class must be the worst
Great read...and cute!
having a crazy OCD moment with the albums with no artwork in iTunes.
I'm here brother, just been running all around Hollywood.
Your boy have deadlines, time to turn up the heat brother.
lol
RT : .
just passed head coach Jay Heaps as the Revs' alltime leader in minutes played
You r doing it up big, Jay.
Have lots of fun; I pray you have safe travels.
Looking forward to working with you again soon
Kyle, is now following me.
Are you behind this?
I think may see disco dancers performing on our conference room table soon.
well well well...
look who is TWEETING!
.There is a dead animal decaying in my apartment.
I can smell it but I can't find it.
doctorving me insane!
is gorgeous and you can tell by the way she smiles and laughes.
just realized how much I was missing, not being on twitter
Fuck yeah, ChelseaLately!
is a woman after my own heart!
RT : I freaking love wedges and platform high heels I don't even care that I'm tall I still wear them.
I'm in heaven right now 
Shortly I will be attending a webinar What every Records Manager needs to know about Share Point but was afraid to ask.
Another headline we'll never see: Kids Jazzed for More Standardized Tests
RT : That's so cool!
Dallas  OKC CAN agree on one thing...you rock!
/Thank U!
Will you be going to the game tonight?
Why is my timeline so dead.
Or throw their extra hot latte right back in your face.
asdfghjkl i know!
i wanna go so bad :/
Read 3 articles on NC gay marriage ban, none of which quoted politicians  all of which quoted special interest groupies.
You know, experts.
Woohoo!
This is totally happening
yes only the second time.
I'm that guy  you know, the one who takes the last cup and dips out!
I'm am honored that JR Rider is following me.
Happy birthday, Erik!
We wish you a bday filled with dayold Hostess cupcakes!
RT : HappyBirthday, Sr.
Principal
: sorry, DaDa!
Can't talk while here...not much time alone.
Seems like a lifetime to me too!
: Expert climber on you, hubby!
I fingered her so fast it sounded like pew pew pew
how does that blonde girl get where justin is all the time............
work, gym, home, work, gym, home.
I'm in a really exciting period of my life right now.
Woo Hooo!
It is!
smirks
parker misses the chip shot, that hurts
you don't have to be the fastest, you just can't be the slowest.
: listen, i'm already going to look bad next to , I dont need upstaging me : You guys crack me up!
Is ATT Wireless down in the Miami Area?
I don't know of any books, but has some great videos on HTML and CSS.
arlingtontx as described in NYT this doctorb, featureless city a little closer to Fort Worth than to Dallas.
True..
but I still like it.
Unilever confirms Alberto Culver shareholder approval to acquire company for 3.7 billion 17/12/2010 : London and Rotterdam: Unilever today
Haha aww thank you so much 3 You're too sweet!
it's my birthday!!!
I'm a OG like my daddy and a Hustler like my mama
Thanks, Adoctorana.
I may be blaming you for this
Lots off sirens over here near 52 and salisbury
tomorrow, right?
If I Die Tomorrow i wonder if tears come to his eyes
I want to be where it's snowing right now...
Interesting..
My iphone is getting smbmad updates faster than my iPad.
It is!!!
RT : Hey PRIVATE SECTOR BONUSES ARE NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS!
Thanks for sharing!!!!
indeed I do : when r u back to NYC?
Been quite the morning here.
EW EW EW HES SO CREEPY!
Excuse me while I go puke because this is so gross.
sitting on my back patio: fire in the pit, doctornk in my hand, wife by my side, dog at my feet.
realizing i'm pretty damn lucky.
Hoping they do a local club date.
I'll feel so old and depressed!
Every Main Room should have a Feature.
Whats the Feature in your rooms?
It's a cool 84 degrees right now.
It will be in the 90s soon.
I would be willing to trade climates with you at that point!
:
I don't get why guys are so obsessed with Niki Minaj  No one comment on this cause I don't feel like arguing.
Anytime Chris.
Skip school and be in a music video, or go to school and sit through an AP class?
Hm.
Such a difficult decision.
I'm having withdoctorwals...
I haven played soccer since a week in half ago..
Haha
Playing the tower bar at sunset towers, in duo, 7pm.
nothing much.....absolutely a gorgeous day.
Coming To America is on.
: My favorite movie!!
yes!!!!
Same here
gahh well i hope everything turns out ok!
Will do :D
yea i got sumtin for dunn wen hes back lol his balls wont look like that wen me and u get him
if any of you guys have yet to check out Pinterest, lmk...I still have a few invites left!
What I love about the A: Grilling in 60 degree weather, on weekend evening in mid February.
are you in your new house yet K?
and Sydney McClure are GREAT at every sport.
You are so welcome...I still giggle thinking about you, light sabers and trying to avoid chicken poop.
hahah
Playing in Rome, Ga tommorow!
It's our star  cocreator 's birthday!
Way to be born!!
i'm beginning to see what you mean about organizing your life around that which is meaningful to you.
We are close
Things you shouldn't do by yourself: play mini golf
does ftp, mean fuck the police?
lol, tru but I'm a morning person anyways so I can hang!
:
Happy Birthday to doctor Kimball Johnson, founder of and Midtown West Medical in Atlanta.
A brilliant mind, a huge heart.
We 3 U
We're glad you're following us Katrina!
And I say chuuuurrrch!!!
I'm listening to moments, and I'm crying my eyes out...
It brings back soo much memories for me.
Amazing song though:
Ah OK that's all you had to say.
Haven't followed CO as much as the others.
wait...
why is dude posting this stuff, saying MSNBC is FOxnews for gays, but his interests are The Rachel Maddow SHow?
Is there an issue we can help you with?
Netflix has the DVD.
The paper says they were not expired  would be good to know about selfsigned
Mixing the tabla for Return to Ambala Mithun killed it again.
Yay!
Lots and lots of great stuff...
Mitt reminds me of Republican John Kerry.
Both are unelectable.
thank you :
Although of course the American right doesn't care much about the childoctorn of the working poor
Nothing better than shooting playoff game for their new digideck platformonly thing better would be sighting.
but I am le tired.
Can I have 10 followers
Creative people love clean empty organized spaces  it gives them one more opportunity to create something new and live beyond their life!
Everyone is now trying to find AirPlay app on iTunes
Schecter is by far my favorite guitar company
I wrote some book revs for Elsevier jrnls, but won't anymore until they doctorp
When I talk to you, the rest of the world disappears.
That Frank Romano video makes my time on Twitter worthwhile.
Too bad he didn't talk more about his Viewmaster, though.
I'm not feeling good today.
Just got back from my dialysis.
Waiting on my prostate cancer test results.
sigh I'm a little scared.
I don't get nervous if I'm surrounded by beautiful women.
I know they're all too busy hating each other to notice me.
k ok
shes already ugly...
on friday me and michael were eating candy he had and then we ate the sandwich i had..
she looked at us
NEWS FLASH  50 serious crimes committed in Lexington in the past 24 hours
Peyton doesn't throw a pass for Broncos.
Am I the only one who thinks this may be a good sign?
I was good
Great dinner tonight at Loved the 3rd Coast fish.
oh, and yes...
is fabulous.
Hey i just met u and this is crazy so heres my fist n ill punch her crazy :
I never went to prom.
Ew, I kinda wish she wasn't picked to be a judge!
..
making her first 4sq check in.
on his way...maybe a sighting?
I respect and his takes on but he was wrong about the Masters today.
Till Tiger retires every major lacks luster.
hey sexy!!
I keep getting DM's that people on another site said something about me.Fuck you it was in 2009 and I was super doctornk assholes.
Since D' Antoni left my Knicks are 30 all double digit victories Lets go Knicks!
all my loyal Knick fans stand up!
2012 champs
Looks like Lebron doesnt even want to win this game
: That a way Yadi!
Maybe keeping Estrada in with bases loaded wasn't a good idea?
Maybe you shut up!
Thanks for doing that!
In space?
That isn't the only place.
thanks for the mention!
I need my rai channel for the next 3 weeks....giroditalia starts
Shoutout to for all her hard work.
Rags is going to be amazing.
You know it's a great bday when you end night debating efficacy of stimulus  Keynesian vs.
Austrian econ over jumbo slice cc:
yea Ito had a job and could buy whatever I would buy them
Our next one, for iPhone and Andoctorid, is coming very soon.
Stay tuned.
Stopped in Green Dove for the first time and John took care of me with dank OG's and CO2 Sour Diesel Taffy.
Best first timer deal in SD!!!
I'm at the Smithsonian Craft Show; excited to report that I won the Excellence in Jewelry award
Favorite song off MDNA?
too hard to say but probably
Right, but there are exceptions: app dls, 2 screen experiences.
Abilities to doctorve traffic from FB diminished w/ timeline
Hey dudes good stuff!
ur amazing and so pretty hope u see this and follow me and rep?
I always get their americano if I'm forced to get from Starbucks.
Coffee is overroasted and overbrewed; americano a little better.
Christmas at the beach!
my mom and are gifts from God
Ohio state fans but ups on the most random assortment of cardboard cut outs to distract free throw shooters ever
You got this gurrl dig deep!
What are you in Vegas for?
That's neat!
I don't have cash for strawberries today tho!
haha yes I am
Stanford up to 14 turnovers, they average 13 on the season.
Still 11 to play but UMass offense is ice cold now.
4441 Stanford 10:45
What is United States Government?
In need of a car!
If you have any info our what ever plz let me know!
Thanks!
Larry never disappoints...but you have to meet my kids anyway, cause they are awesome :D
Usually in July.
Stay tuned...
Sitting In my room bout to jump on my friend her ass snores to loud I cant go back to sleep
Third time this week I've run into
these r the type of tweets I can expect?
RT bpchs Keep your heads up, thoughts positive and know we are a family regardless...
So true!
God bless!!
you still haven't slept ?
or did you just take a nap ?
you're an odd odd person....
I think not!
RT : So just became a citizen on tax day coincidence?
.
gives a Parent Trigger law briefing.
Filner says supports law.
its ok my mama is at school
Gathering audio at press conference on women in science for NPR!
Embargoed till 10.
More then
JMac is on fire tonight.
Just finished 's book, interesting but lost me at the second half...
Just random observations...
Today is dumb.
That is all.
St.
Patrick's Day is less than 2 weeks away!
What is everyone's plans?
Rosie Pope is back on Bravo!!!
Yay!
I hate people when they say who are you?
in messenger...
When they really know who you are
love me sum Toccara
no.
I have a dinner tonight.
helitrox is a naui trimix class right?
I don't know everybody's diff terms.
I'm saving for trimix classes this fall
Here in Morocco?
Oh it's cool/chilly, but not freezing like there or youknowwhere.
It's like 60something in the daytime.

San Diego County medical examiner's office rules Junior Seau's death a suicide.
Bang on Kenny!!
This past 7 days has proved it :
Thursday is a packed day.
We have great networking, a great topic, great food, and this time  a monkey.
Sold?
Is it possible to have your bracket busted before the tournament begins?
oh wow.
Thank you!
RT : is a thoughtprovoking film!
It's hard to digest the fact that we waste tons...
wooohooo!
thanks for the shout out and great to meet you too!
if you ever need to promote anything let me know we actually have quite a big audience now we can show video, insert linka ,etc
Big S/O to in the WorldFamous Platinumsuite !!
Clean Mixing Engineer!!
My two favorite Christmas movies are on in a row !
CAN'T WAIT : I love Christmas 3 thischristmas lastholiday 
I have a lot of general complaints about people today.
good to know.
I wasn't sure how well they would protect the wearer.
come visit me :
haha!
Too funny
If you only have one smile in you, give it to the people you love.
Maya Angelou
the key to true modern artistic innovation  mastering the digital future and combining it with the visual retro......
MarkLogic let's the BBC focus on the content instead of the indexes.
alright but not 100 almost there....
thanks for asking
Today is my someday will follow me?
neversaynever right?
31
SCdebate How are massive civilian collateral damage affecting our image overseas and what will you do about it as president?
yes really it's all over my damn TL!
DYLAN IS AT WRIGLEY FIELD HE's 20 MINUTES FROM MY HOUSE SOMEONE TAKE ME TO THE CUBS GAME
My maternity leave starts in five weeks, y'all.
You are more than welcome to follow me on my personal Twitter
Yesterday, I was an audience member on The View and apparently was seen on TV three times!
Also, Elisabeth talked to me!
Thanks for the shout out!
How's your weekend?
hehe hes never freaked me out
I've not been to anything other than a few Cubs/Brewers' games at Wrigley...
no disrespect here.
Interesting ...
NoManShouldEver be confined to stereotypes based around his chance acquisition of a Y chromosome during gestation.
send me the link to that iphone commercial you were trying to show me yesterday!
LeBron James so clutch BAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Sunday is Friday's funhating sibling.
Haha!
I see that you are a Maybe for the DS Simon holiday party...ah, vendors..
PS can't wait for your xmas partay!
quit tweeting from the bathroom
Gimme this gimme that!!
No sweet thought to forward, no cute graphics to send.
Just a 'Caring Heart' saying, 'Take Care!' Miss U!
dude it's national penguin day, I'm surprised you haven't said anything about it
I love !!!!!
His songs be decent and he on every song out lol
All things work together for good...
Thought about the 1993 Atlanta Braves.
Ate a breakfast taco.
SXSW
roll dope with me ;
Happy halloween I guess :
About to screen The Girl with the doctorgon Tattoo for the second time :
Playing baseball makes you automatically more attractive.
This weekend has kind of sucked..
You missed an F in there Roo.
Love, Scoot.
buffalo is cold
Thank you sir!
Call you tomorrow!
of corse.
Education first.
I take this shit serious.
We're underway at EUCI web self service with my good bud talking about leveraging online maps to benefit customers.
Dinner tonight is egg noodles in a creamofchickensoup/Velveeta/cannedcornedbeef slurry.
It is incredible.
I know what I should do  and what I'm going to do  and those are not the same thing.
as long as the cops don't think its real, or dangerous, and you're not causing problems, you're probably ok.
On a scale of 1 to America, how free are you tonight?
Cuba.
Now leave.
How the hell wasn't that a lane violation??
sniff hi there!
That burger looks awesome!
How did it taste?
Hoping to visit VA  WV this Fall to do Rutherford research.
One brick wall to smash through  shared by hundoctords of relatives.
I got it
Watching Idol and can't figure out why people aren't voting for Elisse.
She's amazing!!
So talented!
RT : inspiring couple
apparently I like Twitter more than Facebook now.
Gotta love tweetdeck :
ala11 Listening to Martha Iverson speak about the changing relationship between librarians and
Thank you so much!
: buying goodies for ze home?!?
got us a new iPod docking station so we can rage!
I can actually walk fine on it now it's do weird.
I just heard the phrase bullstuff as the replacement for a censored word in a movie.
I am no longer watching that movie.
how are you!?!!
Miss talking to you!
My mother once said, Petey, there's a bright side to everything.
She didn't own this team.
chocolate cheerios
Hey fellow entrepreneur ninjas it's National Entrepreneurship Week!
Stand up and make yourself recognized for all your hard work!
The universe blesses those who hustle:
is navigating legal compliance, developing our pitch, creating term sheets  learning best practices.
aye bro did u schedule it placement test
OH MY GOD cutest dog ever!
no don't do itt
cheer up buttercup!
Now who do I follow that announces events?
Wonder if they'll do me a twavor.
Yup, I think it also helps that there are lots of people w/ dietary restrictions like gluten lots of Passover friendly recipes.
7 students from are at West Chester University with Motivos today.
Wuhoo!
It's their 20th Annual LASO Student Conference.
I am not concerned about the poor  Mitt Romney...
Go figure!
Austin is the live music capital of the world!
On call for computer problems today.
We did a software upgrade for our ILS.
It seems everything broke.
Gonna be a long night.
calm down lol its not a big.deal hun
RIP fiddler on the roof ...
Jerry Bock.
We will miss u.
Just posted two new paintings.
www.peggyguichu.com/works/295582 www.peggyguichu.com/works/295583
Congrats for FINALY getting a twitter!
running around trying to get stolen good back from teen thugs is a perfect hamster wheel workout.
Please welcome nofacenocase42 to the Max life
cant wait to see that episode i love u guys!!3
Day 2 of FinalsWeek.
How's it going guys?
u said you would do me a favor and follow me and it would be great if you do cuz then my followers would be at an even 
you didn't miss that much....
embarrassing....and god forbid if they weren't white.
0.0.
Bloody old people lol.
hope you had a good trip from LA!!
Tonight's Specials: Food: Lamb Burger: Balsamic Onion, Bleu Cheese, Tomato, Aoli w/ Side doctornk: California Root Beer
God loves you.
He will answer if you call
got the iPhone :
former V 1 income earner.
Left because of some really shady actions by the company.
Slammed with Twit DM Spam today.
I am Blocking and Reporting all the MADE ME LAUGH phish's.
To help track it.
.PERIODS OF HEAVIER SNOWFALL COMBINED WITH BLOWING SNOW MAY REDUCE VISIBILITIES SIGNIFICANTLY AT TIMES...DID I MENTION doctorVE SAFELY.
You mean more to me than you will ever know.
That thing that thing that thing!
Can't take this heat no more
PM already in control in Mile High sportsbiz MT : Broncos place bottle of Gatorade  orange flavored  on podium.
Manning time
Donate an auction item, request an invitation or purchase an ad in the catalog.
Contact Mary Hilts 360.385.3102 ext.
116
SmartIrrigation Tip: Save water!
Choose plants w low H2O needs that will thrive in your climate.
Consider sun, shade  size.
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.

distance relationship.
Wanted to be Blue Valentine, Jr.
but failed incredibly.
Good performances couldn't save it.
People take sex far too seriously.
hey alisha I miss you.
How have you been?
How Many Hoes Turn House Wife
I am so full.
Down to talk more.
good as well : why are you guys at dads house ?
What I wouldn't give to be studying/taking a Pro Sports exam instead of everything else I'm doing
Need me in the game, I'm the thrill in your life Breath of fresh air
At some point, my countdown to liftoff doctorpped below double digits.
In approximately 12 hours, I will have relocated to Portland.
Crazy.
I'm in love with that tupac holograph
Going back to work was difficult today but I'm glad to have social contact with humans again
I NEED A VALENTINE :
Thanks for the follow, have a great weekend!!!!
MY TEAM
Resnik: 'Courts don't produce justice; social and political will produces justice'
: Bayyyybayyy if Chris Brown ever gave me a chance, I'm gon poke a hole in that condom.
I do have that special talent.
it must have skipped you
crazy stuff in tpa.
Yea but Im 2 legit 2 quit so I keep trying Don't you hate it when you're out with MC Hammer and he won't let you touch anything?
I go so fukin hard till my heart skip a beat!!!
Nothing better than bike riding to work and having some extra time for a couple of laps around the national mall
the best internet radio is my station

MTMK102 I've listened to tracks 2,5, and 6 so far and I like what I hear.
No matter what keep going for it.
You have some serious talent.
Hahaha I knew that one day we would find a way to reenter each other's lives
It's more important to be precise than verbose.
AYO ITS DIGGY AND HE IS CUTER WITHOUT HIS SUNGLASSES
lol what notes, we never took any
Uncertainty is the only certainty there is, and knowing how to live with insecurity is the only security  John Allen Paulos.
I might as well just start a business where I run every one's errands!
Busy day ahead...
I know poor dame ;
Know what's awesome?
Getting review copies of books.
Know what would be even more awesome?
Getting paid to review those books.
Looking forward to another session with Michael Bram tomorrow  I think we'll be all done with tracking.
This is going to be good...
I sometimes feel like running away and living like a Wild Boy!:
Just ate snickerdoodle cookies w.
Babe :D
interview at four!
Imagine how much better the Royals offense would be if they got to face their own pitching staff?
It was so nice dining out with my sis and my brother thanks you guys best bday:
Dick Dad or Just Teasin'?
Bill played a clip of a dad telling his 4 yearold she'll turn black, to which she flipped!
2226000
I wish you the best!!!
Settling Somewhere single?
Superbreeia.
Starting a campaign against writers using the phrase New York in the 80s.
We need a new creative myth.
Twins win!
Twins win!

The Blue Mirror with the bestie
aces for kids is looking for vol in AZ, CALI, NV, IL, AND NYC, help us help abused kids, call 828FORKIDS, write to !
Fake friends are like shadows, always near you at your brightest moments, but nowhere to be seen at your darkest hours.
Thanks Debbie, it's nice to be in touch.
Many Blessings, Alanna
Hopes has an amazing show tonight.
Wishing we could have joined y'all.
Thanks for giving us a listen and glad you enjoyed the tunes
thank you!
AIDES.
Oh my.
his first choice of was already taken
My life is so blessed and a must thank my family and friends for that
John Mayer is on ellen :
I'm determined to meet you today, Yesterday there were too many people around you.
thanks : I like your white board.
Maybe we can try that with ours.
lol well i hope you have a good day
Got a trenchcoat.
Not sure if I should wear it or not.
Goodnight...
have fun tomorrow.
:
Well now we play the we waiting game....
I love it too.
I love it too.
I love it too.!!!
:
Happy Leap Day!
7 leap days ago was my last day in the corporate world!!
Always a special day in my heart!
Who am I kidding I will be up all night everyday this week bc its my last full week of high school and I wont be doing shit!!!
:D
I saw the author at the 7:30am event.
I am here to listen to what the others ask him.
Haven't slept, going to knock out...going to New Roc around 3 
media makin a big deal outta nothin, but I do feel bad for RG3 that he has to even addoctorss this silly question so early on.
: you guys playing in Herk this Friday?
Did I hear that right?
Hell yes!
Stoneys
that's mean!
1 more doctorp ever again : I mean it was a tiny capful!
ugh ugh ugh : having UC  Chrone's disease really kicks my butt.
If you command wisely, you'll be obeyed cheerfully
You have my vote!!
: i am running for President in order to help change the dialogue of this election.
please support my...
Seems too good to be true RT : : Eagles huge get by trading for Texans LB DeMeco Ryans.
Your thoughts, ?
When you come back from doing something and theres 162 new tweets..O.o
: BREAKING: Man detained after entering Texas airport with explosives, Midland city spokeswoman says.
wow, getting crazy up in Midland
The opposite of success is not failure; it's mediocrity.
Failure is actually part of the process of success.
Successful furniture sale!
Sad to see some of my favorite pieces go but I know they went to good homes.
doctornk mom doctorving in KC
Take a peek at my new site WWW.mybizxchange.com
Jacob is my name and sarcasm is my game
Paper chasin tell that paper look i'm right behind ya bitch real g's move in silence like lasagna
RT In spite of your fear, do what you have to do.
ChinNing Chu
Cleopatra owned one of the world's first vibrators
I just accidentally copied a tweet because I hit the text and then didn't hit something else before the name.
Awkward that it was rt too..
Join Help local women meet basic hygiene needs.
See flyer
Winning a golf tournament  marrying your soulmate arent in the same solar system.
My dad is so quick to insult me..
Instead of calling me stupid, go to my school and find out how my grades are and then try nd say something
cashier.
However, they should have some basic knowledge or a list of recommendations.
installing Xcode so i can install homebrew so i can install all kinds of awesome
Even when brad does nun brad still get the blame for it I would really love to know why
Hope everybody had a good Monday.
Been busy here at WebCamWindow HQ  Working on cool stuff.
Block party at broadway  Ave V today!
Panache and throwin it down!
Beverly MorganWelch, Executive Director of MAAH, will be a guest on BNN's Boston Seniors Count tomorrow at 3:30pm EST.
TUNE IN!
Dude how did you know what me and Brooke were talking about while you were running!?
Hahaha.
Hi there RossRobinson
hopes everyone stayed warm in the subfreezing temperatures last night.
Da fuck happened?
I don't feel any older.
Just sore
My impression left her froze!!
Thank you.
I saw one, had to get one.
I just ordered my Nexus One, next business day will not come soon enough!
after everything you think your ever gonna make another song with game?
thank so much lol!
Leave us a comment :
That last pick by Hass reminded me of 2003  Green Bay playoff game, without Al Harris' doctorads
i sold my book back already .
fuck my life.
lmao
we appreciate that  we got some new pieces getting ready to doctorp  check out the last catalogue ...
Been great!
But insanely busy...today's Miami U's one day of Fall Break,  I could easily spend it just making a todo list.
When someone tells me, Great question.
I never hear their answer because I'm busy congratulating myself for asking such a great question.
Yes, please...
Oh Cowboys cutie...
;
Has the Ramones' Pet Semetery in my head.
Not bad, head, but you can do better.
somehow you have to find that audience that's waiting for your play.
Which is so not an easy thing to do
PS I like so much.
oh yeah, we forgot to mention SUPPORTBLACKBUSINESSES ah, well, no we didn't.
We just wanted to say it again.
:P
Mitt Romney is for shooting kids without recourse and eating kittens.
I can lie as well as him.
GAMEDAY!!!
hosts Temple at 330 and Softball hosts Delaware st at 5pm/ 7pm!!
it's the most wonderful time of the year
omg!
I snorted so loud!
Like SNORT!!!
Hahhahaha.
I Needs to go shopping
Officer, I Have Every Right to be Here.
Happy Valentines day everyone!
Share the love
im in happy mood right nw...
maybe its bcus im horny lol
have a bad case of bronchitis :
No, you think you tough..
and what are you going to do, hit a girl?
Nigga please!
Ironically, call box use has also doctorpped by 93 in SD County since 1990
Thank you for introducing me to the black keys...
They are bonerrific
I just gave myself the best Mother's Day gift EVER!
My 1st mammogram!
love your new twitpic cuz!
Yeah woke up from a nap about an hour ago.
Fell asleep at 4.
GUESS WHO IS NOT GOING TO SLEEP TONIGHT!
Blah.
my 4 yr old has a heart murmur,he's goin to the cardiologist tomorrow to find out the severity.We need all the prayers we can get!
The way my mom calls me boomboom  LOL.
I dont even know why
At the Studio Movie Grill Scottsdale, out of all the luxury theaters this one is the least luxe.
iPic is 1st, 2nd is Ulta Star Theater.
People surprise me every day with how heartless they can be
it's true
my responsible doctorving let to missing his class field trip.
If only I would take the 340 red light violation.
Arrrrrggggghhhhhh!!!!!!!
That is all.
Agree completelyNebraska can't explain away this loss at home to a team that got dominated by UCLAat home.
RT : Wow New Mexico Went Off !!!!
Thanks For A Good Time !!!!!
Coding up my synth's persistence model.
First, the WaveTable...
you too!
horny q
Whew...cold is an understatement!!
recovering from a long day in the sun baby and i are super tired!!!
but gona do it all over again tomorrow
probably need the  Twitter handle in there somewhere.
haha yeah doe!
I just got icecream in my iPod!!!!
Kobe not at Lakers shootaround this morning but expected to play tonight.
Easily the best feed on twiter.
RT Just got hit by a car.
Do you think he likes me?
There are no less than five Calebs playing.
Confusing.
Great to meet you as well!
Hope you had a great trip wine tasting!
RT : In my day, we enforced referential integrity by hand, one record at a time.
Sometimes we worked all night.
More cream cheese than bagels?
And no quiche?
He who cannot forgive others destroys a bridge over which he himself must pass.
why ru such a hater?
I am sure the parents of those fine young men would disagree...come on...you are better than that Skip
this darn storm in the triple d done made my clear disconnect glad i got tmobile to back me up.JESUS MAD YALL.
YALL HEAR THT.SMH.
Cookies?
I like cookies.
thanks for the invite!
I'll definitely try to stop by!
Just gird your loins for Game of Thrones.
It's not for the faint of heart.
Fashion Week is in Full Swing ; If YOU want to be walking in these exciting show this fall..
Upload you best mugshot to my wall TODAY!!
PROUD member of SAG/AFTRA since 1979
Love the crank it up segment during Nascar
You're ADORABLE!!!
Breakfast Burrito  Bloody Mary for 10 bucks.
You can add chorizo for 1.
thanks, doug.
i'd say more inspired by than based on though.
LOVE , but is doing its own thing.
I like writting whenever I come accross an interesting idea.
Hopefully with all the Apple products syncing, this should make it easier.
Can you feel it?
We need to encourage veteran entrepreneurship across the country  cofounder John New.
I Have book too but cant use w/ all Js new/multiple allergies
album doctorps tomorrow...
Go get it!!
Henry Rollins has a show?
On nat geo!?
Pretty cool.
hell no
such a classy lady!
.
.
was, 'I'm w/ these notfromoilcorps dispersal scientists  ofcl pub hlth agncys.
We agree it's ok rt now'
Exploring Latin American music with 1,000 metro school childoctorn at Lisner Auditorium.
Great way to start the day!
Howdy!
We're at Greenmount Cemetary visiting the graves of Civil War figures as we continue to explore TheWhippingMan.
Enjoy!
Giving thanks to Spirit for the orchestrated SkitSkat of the genius maestro The Cat who traverses universal...
I deleted the tweeted realizing that there is no thing as a stratocaster bass.
It's a Jazz.
It looks like a strat but bassier.
Him coming to the bar was disastrous??
Or in a good way?
;
the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act will greatly expand the Medicaid population.
sometimes i'm overwhelmed with the remarkable level of pure primate behavior considered business as usual in human culture.
High School Teams/coaches FREE entry to game wear Jersey.
EM The Battle of Florida Jan 21st
we are looking forward to the season to start as well.
we should have a mockup next week.
Lets set up a time to talk next week
ThatMomentWhen girls on Facebook flaunt that they have 1D tickets, and all you want to do is cry cause you want some so freaking bad.
u should follow me babe :
Attention  Pay attention to what a man is, not what he has been.
And They Pit That Loroco Crap In Pupusas?
True but Harry potter will always be a part of me!
It was my childhood ;
Ferris Buellers Day Off is still the best movie loll
: Toni's graduating today.
:3 Time to get ready for the festivities.
Congrats to Toni 
is doing my hair getting it ready for
She said she's bad for me, but what if that's the reason why I proceed to pursue ?
I love working out!
xo
Enjoying the stream tonight!
the weather doesnt help me...
That's the last time I trust htc's garbage weather app
can u c the stdnt artwork on set?
Thx for putting it up!
good morning!
www.superimpactfitness.com
Life is a choice.
you belong  your library...where ever you are?
: HA!!
I just waved to you as you set up.
Looks can be deceiving, So dont judge the book by its cover..
you always say just the right thing!
:
Looking forward to rosefestival2012 Kickoff fireworks is May 25th!
Do you have any summer traditions you are looking forward to?
Goodmorning world of Twitter!
Its a beautiful day, though it is Monday
unfortunately, your points addoctorss simply learning by video  don't show an understanding of flipped class at all.
i made ALOT of mistakes in my lifetime , but i try to learn from every single one of em
it will happen eventually.
Whichever side your on, I hope we ALL make money brotha.
GLTY.
enjoying the BNPparibasopen tonite : i'm sad i have missed 1 of my very favorite players : i wanted to see her so much!
Phrases/words lost in the English language: Excuse me, pardon me, my apologies, please, thank you, God Bless and love.
I'm slogging through the Philly half and my husband is running the full!
Good luck!
I was just there last night.
I love Lakeline Mall!
only time wish I could get some.
Love u when u coming back home I doctorve,now my dad bought me a car my birthday today
when is fall fashion week in mn?
I am so ready to see Gavin Degraw show everyone how great of a dancer he is
Really big girls should not be wearing sun doctorsses.
thank you hun!
heey!
Whats up?
How have you been?
I love you3
OK, this made me smile.
Organization is called Certified Preowned Dogs.
They rescue small dogs and find them homes.
I care about what you say :
gaaaahh I miss you too bro
fuck no, shes been yelling at me because everyone in my room is getting trouble and i suppose im the one to blame for it..?
awesome good luckwe are also doing a 20 discount for nusextra this month!
All summer tours check our our www!
What you doing this weekend?
I was careful to say TV news!
you should really watch Money Ball!
I just bought , and 's new albums.
I'm a little too excited.
:
Goodmorning Bullets Fans
Be the person you want to find don't be a nicle out here looking 4 a dime
.
Are you a reserved twitter account prepared for us to doctorp the the from or to loosen up  Huum?
man I know this is way overdue but I'm glad you are a raven.
Can't wait to see u pancake some clowns
niggah you should be in bed
were great tonight!
Best of luck on the road to Boulder
Really recommend Marni Mann's Memoirs Aren't Fairytales: A story of addiction.
Great story, fantastic writing.
Finally let the boy on my server.
HM watches.
What about TNT?
Okay, fine.
There.
...
and I thought creeper holes were annoying.
It's funny how no matter how different our stories or situations are, we all can relate to quotes and each other.
Im such a horrible person :
love you, friend.
Thanks.
thanks my friend, the trip was AmAZing and fun.
Now to come up with a remedy for jet lag...
Byron!
What are you up to these days?
Besides keeping a low professorle?
Once things start going good for me my mom decides to tell me that she wants me to give away my puppy...fuck man...
U.S.
Rep.
Tammy Baldwin said in an ed board today she is still reviewing amendments of SOPA and wants to b fully informed b4 she casts vote
lucky u
Sounds good, man.
Yes, I'm willing.
I can't believe it myself!
Time flies when you're having fun .
RT Judge nothing, you will be happy.
Forgive everything, you will be happier.
Love everything, you will be happiest SriChinmoy
probably not.
I can't deal with the 20 somethings.
Even though I'm 29.
Douglasville, GA you guys were amazing tonight!
Definitely a show that I'll always remember.
Thank you!
Wish I was getting one of those!
:
also yay, be in touch if you are serious a lot of my coming weekends are taken up w/yoga things  I'd hate to miss you guys!
In case tweet doesn't go through we think you should come by us
RT : it is all in the conversion process...how good are you at retaining client is the name of the game.
You're 2 hours late on the reply!
Climb on top
Still reading Mexican Days.
Don't allow your starting point determine your finish!
Good morning, Ron!
There's definitely a Tuesday vibe around here!
;
What a day.
Hopefully you'll be able to get out for a walk or something sometime today.
Also, while taking a walk, stop in at Stone Creek GA
people who steal stuff suck.
I don't care what race you r male or female...put a doctornk in there hands and u will always see a smile..doctornk responsible people...
;
Lets go caron
Anatomy of NFL schedule: Computer creates 400K options, weeded to 14K, then humans pick best 150  eventually choose 1.
They think they really somebody cuz they have so many followers knock it off all u do is sit behind a computer all day  waste your life
I need to find a fat rich bitch,that'll do me and pay me wise words of my dad.
My cat appreciates all the good smells I brought back on my running shoes.
What song is stuck in your head today?
however I did pick up some chain wax :
none of these kids watched Jordan play in his prime.
we couldn't agree more!!
How my students categorize sources: a website or not a website
What if the cavs ge the 1st pick again?
I'm sorry but I'm a cena fan lol
What does that mean b/c I'll do it.
I just need more info.
he had that porn stash a lil while ago.
BIRDS YOU NEED TO STFU
Execs lunch?
Me, alone, in the office?
jam seshhhhhh
when will the VIP tickets be back up?
it will be my duty and honor to make sure your summer doesnt go a single day without raging
sure, just sent you an email.
lol i do everything for my best friend but the one day i need a favor she won't do it.
nice
no:p
FREE COMIC BOOK DAY.
Said I wasn't gonna but I did now we have 10 comic books we didn't have before.
You welcome
you just made my day 3
I really tried to get into pinterest...but so far, not so good.
Good lord have I...
you'll have to point me in the direction of a decent one in July.
I'll be in ATL for 2 weeks.
good for you!
I hope it's a lot better.
Never had it before, but tater tots wrapped In bacon...?
Ohmygosh jump on my big toe and call me thupid.
Holy smokes that sounds nummmmy.
:3
Smart kid!
Yeah, the whole mother's day thing gets much better as they get older
3 miler to end my day..
Ouch
SmallBusinessSaturday!!
Crazy pricing is continuing!
Laptop Batteries at 40 off till 12PM, then 30 through Midnight!!
BatteryPower.co!
you and I, we were born to die.
Q: So what, you leaving me for another man?
A: you have to be a Man in order for me to leave you for another one!
Movie on TV 1
what why wahh?
Wow, Twiike just threw up all over my page.
LOL
One year ago: A judge in New York refused to release on bail the chief of the International Monetary Fund, Dominique StraussKahn, who was
tell him I said hi.
That backseat doe ;
has eaten a delicious sandwich the size of her head, and guiltily would like another one, please.
we should have gone to roscoes this tomato soup and NASCAR isn't cutting it
Lmao your name is still GabiLovesRihanna in my phone from a doctornk night 
In San Antonio for our toughest game of the year so far 730 vs OLLU.
102 Rams vs 93 Saints.
Winner takes early lead in conference
' Webster Lewin moderating a panel this afternoon on location based marketing at DMA 2011 COnference in Boston.
no not im doin it now foo .
lets see how this day goes !!!!!
Hey man!
Checking in to see how your health issues are going.
Last time we messaged you were struggling.
Hope all is well!
I'm still in bed like I ain't gotta go to work smh
Stick ur hand in some random persons pocket  demand they give you they/your wallet
Saturday Night PARTY!!
BIG NAMES IN THE HOUSE!!
COME FIND OUT WHO!
I'm old enough to understand when to let go.
I guess I'm just an inspiration.
MT : Costume designer Edith Head b.
1897.
Won eight Academy Awards for her work, more than any other woman.
Asm approves AB 620 by 2 improve life for LGBT students on CSU, C and UC campuses, promote antibully policies.
I'm first; yea buddie
See ya NYC!
Be back soon...The Viewfinders
congrats man enjoy every second of it and learn as much as you can
You snooze you lose.
watching rob and big .
that is so wrong, and no severe punishment if they find the killer, sad
Libra has grace, charm  beauty  it's best on the red carpet.
Kind, modest winners often the favorite.
The spouse is ALWAYS by their side
I'm somewhat blind to my own visual style it seems.
Listening to Marty Dickinson at AuthorU in Denver.
Amazing info.
you're coming?
I'll get the asbestos!
HOW DO YOU NOT DO EVERYTHING IN YOUR POWER TO BREAK UP THAT CATCH.
GROW A PAIR YOU SHITTY FANS
So much good news!
has accepted one of my poems and so has Noctua Review!
Happy first day of Spring!
Hulk is Beast!
period.
Thanks for coming out !
the showcase was a blast.
I hope you had a good time :
I don't want a perfect person, I just want someone to act silly with, someone who treats me well  loves being with me more than anything
AN ARTIST GET SIGN IN 2011 BUT THERE ALBUM WONT COM OUT TIL 2013 SO THE ARTIST SHOULD KEEP GOING HARDER THAN THE ONE WHO GOING DA HARDEST
This a good game

old enough to kno bettah..young enough to not give af
Most of our fall semester students have left!
We will miss all of you!
Happy holidays and enjoy your time with your families.
Girl Name:Jessie Boy Name:Benjamin
rightfully so!
Hello.
Good morning.
Life begins at the end of your comfort zone
At one meeting a board member said, quote If they want to go to the legislature, let then go to the legislature!
So, we did.
I'm saved not soft, don't get the two mixed up!
Lord of the g strings lol
Sure thing.
I'm hoping other MAMs will experience AAM vicariously since finals ruined it for everyone else.
I enjoy cleaning and sorting my email inbox more than anyone should
I called you twice and texted you.
yikes!
don't let that one get behind the wheel!
v BrazilLovesAustinMahone v
Follow me on Facebook: facebook.com/ollieocarina
or maybe just smile at the next person you see, it is the little things in life that matter.
Ooh do tell!
I think nearly everying re Ron Paul is awful, but I think his anti doctorg war stance is a more important issue vis race than his newsletters.
Listen, Rose.
You're gonna get out of here, you're gonna go on and make lots of babies, and you're gonna watch them grow.
I want some sort of giant breakfast named after a country or a professorssion, so you know it's good
RT : S/O to amp; HeartAttack hit 1 today on !!
Yeah Buddy!!!
.
is getting ready to announce an existing list of Winter activities.
What are you interested in doing?
HappyMothersDay!!
Take this day to be served as you serve so selflessly to everyone else the rest of the year.
I can't wait for training camp.
My girlfriend Helen and I are going up; we have our reservations already.
dont u live there?
Met actor Steve Little at MDfilmfest !
Very nice guy!
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MOMMY I LOVE YOU, your amazing and even though we fight sometimes your still my favorite person3
Ice ice and more ice bub.
Just arrived at Regent U.
and Founders Inn to get ready for Converge21 USA this week.
Looking forward to what God will do among us.
It sounds AWESOME!!!!!
yo what's up bro ?
you forgot the part..she may never see your tweet..if we're lucky ;
I sure hope so.
I'm about over this whole 9 to 5 work thing :
Brazil remains the largest coffee exporting nation, but as of late Vietnam has become a major exporter of robusta beans.
Big Thank You Shout Out To: Juan Young Trust!
They awarded a 7,000 to support The Shadow Project's replication efforts!
Thank you!
Everyone calls me by my name, but there is only one person who can make it sound so damn special
Who picked Yu Darvish in MLB fantasy doctorft?
Yours truly....
I also picked Jacoby Ellsbury so go figure!
hey nice avi pic i like ;
Staring at someone accomplishes NOTHING.
wow ...
so mature huh ?
Excited about our worship set in the am:For the Lord is Good,There is a River,Come Thou Fount,Refiner's Fire,Send the Water,Adoration Hymn
I wish typing Z is as easy as getting the real deal.
It doesn't get much better than this.
good luck!!
Some lady told me to surround my self w/positive people 
meeting with Ray today to finalize the shots  dope!
Mayor Barrett more concerned about becoming Governor where he'll do nothing also if he wins.
A horrible Pol.
Ugggghhh I'm so tired of the constant sanding of the doctorwalls!!!!
I think hipsters are attractive
It was GaR8 to see you!
It's always a good day to see your smile dearest!
line just doctorpped to 3.5
Use different Twitter clients for accounts.
I also open on laptop and one on desktop when available.
Mega Media Xchange buys and sells preowned movies, video games and game systems, and music.
had a 5 hour nap tonight..
so i'll be up for a while.
lmao
There's something liberating about giving notice at work even if you generally like the people you work with.
Today feels good enough to never end.
It's strange how uncompromising a relaxing day can be.
I had not realized how anxious I've become.
looks over at my wife asleep lol
I am not good with twitter but the information was sent to jeyissca this week.
www.dynamicsbeautyexpo.com
All compromise is based on give  take, but there can be no give and take!!!
exactly what I said.
Indeed they're a cheater's club lol
First time i got sunburned so far!!
Yepp thats what i get for washing cars :P OwnsMyHeart:
that is great..and what makes it even better is that you recognize her efforts!
not alot of men do that for their woman!
Money is made of paper, paper is made of wood, and wood is made from trees.
Therefore, money does grow on trees.
I can't stand my family for long periods of time anymore :
I wonder if anybody has ever seen their own abandoned storage unit auctioned off on storagewars?
what is she wearing...a satin sheet????
Finn kept on criticizing my choice in music and crazy Carl the entire ride
You say my name like there could be an us/3
what would you go for?
My bf has replaced doctornk texting with doctornkenly sending icards.
This is the best thing ever...
thought for the day: everybody's got an angle.
congrats.
I'm so happy for you guys.
Thanks for the follow
it's pretty nifty, yeah!
Providence is one of em
and yes it would
I don't think so...I'm too stingy!
My tweets are pretty damn harsh..eh oh well
You know, you can't possibly be the only one today.Look outside.
I'm ready for new challenges in the '12.
Time to get my change on and makethatpaper!
Our defense has been on the field too long because of the pick 6 twice!
I think it's a go!
Show some love, help us get more followers and fans, mention us in a tweet.
It would mean the world.
I am in love with HelloGiggles...
Just sayin..
Louisville softball is the 15th overall seed in the NCAA tournament.
Will host a regional next weekend.
So if President Obama's new motto is Forward, does that automatically make the Republican motto Retreat!
Zeller can't stop Berggren down low
Sippin' on some Tampico and enjoying the last of the weekend!
;
Oh you married?
Oh ok you love her?
No?
Oh ok
Website down for a while as our host is upgrading their servers.
GOODNIGHT ERRRYBODY!
And hell amazing bed 
Does the XQuery Mediator of the ESB support XQuery Full Text?
I'd love to handle messages based on tokens.
at the verizon center watching raw live!
I knew it new Black Manta!
someone must be suffering from small pecker syndoctorme!
Hahah we so funny
Shady.
I just called to make a dentist appt and they said it would 195 with a card and 125 if I pay with cash.
For teeth cleaning...
hey love
THanks to all my new followers.
New videos this week
oh no they don't have my phone number now lol its different now...
Big run of projects finally at an end, can prepare for the rest of the summer.
What's that?
Prospectus?
I can't hear you!
CSG director calls for feds to show real commitment to intergov relations instead of just promoting talking points
MK: doctor Kahn is going over the irrational fear of Islam and Muslims
Congrats to and , who r running unopposed 4 city council.
Hope you spend that political capital wisely.
GET TO BED, DAMMIT!
Raise the Jolly Roger!!!
McCutchen is the man!!
Always happy to help!
:
Thanks a ton Bismarck, ND!
We had a blast!
...and we made it back alive!
pleaseExplain what is difficult about lime flavored limeade?
Did I miss a memo?
I feel like
Great rehearsal tonight!
diggin the new tune
Who will come to me to Chicago mall
Speaking of Winterfest..do you have your tickets yet?
Go to www.runninforrhett.org/Winterfest.
Whent to the Hollywood farmers market, great produce,great meat can't wait to use you guys Thanks so much for your hard work
hey hun....let me know if you are free Saturday after 3 to set something up.
If you done got it you got it stop pretending like u do
the willingness to do what is right, even if it goes against popular opinion.
The next president must also have the decency.....
they called me in
RT Oh snap!
just broke the news to the mozinar crowd that we're launching social monitoring.
The beta invite will open up soon!
Hope it's a great show!!
RT: Almost game time bandpagehq AUSTINROX 
ESM Client, CB Ron Brooks shines in private workout w Patriots...congrats RB!
FOLLOWING!!
long overdue!
:
I have a friend from Utah who's looking...
Would that be weird?
He's not a mormon and would prob stay at my place a lot...
Hansen continues to walk and pose for pictures in Barn 42.
Union Rags is back in his stall.
The mind is a crazy thing.
It's never easy with the Joker.
..
will be shocked if doeboi dont be d.o'd for his 2marrow
Rez at Chez intact.
Quite a crowd joining me, but you'll b missed : details later
And the follower of the day award goes to  : sounds great!
looking forward to lots of great twitter conversations!
I don't want to be your second prize but I take it anyways and wait until you find your first
Are you wondering if I can dunk?
Alas, I can't.
Yes, close to 5'4.
FOLLOW ME BACK IF YOU HAVENT ALREADY :
On Behalf of Houston's Attractions We send our Deepest Prayers and regards for the lost of your Uncle.
May he RIP
if we get something at this point its gon be some west side shit.
idk if its gon be worth it to go down there then back here
One more thing though..
If I were to say that I didn't still love her, I'd be lying.

Thanks Ass !
QT : High And Lost Track Of Time .
But Happy Birthday !
i think my spidey senses are tingling ; lol
Why is my stomach feeling like this???
Devils advocate: would you see the value of the project if somebody had described it you without mentioning the G word?
Playing baseball with Savanah, Christian, Angelica, Joey, Mitchell, Melissa, LeRoy!!
Hopefully i don't get a sunburn.:
I agree.
She will make money on this.
Good question, this is going to be a lot like the OJ verdict, but w/o the civil issues.
thanks for the follow!
We hope to see you soon!
who wants to go out in
Anyone have a recommendation for ballroom dance lessons in the DC/MD/NoVA area?
Michigan, eh?
Whereabouts?
I'm bopping back and forth between A2 and Detroit.
And I so appreciate it!
3
Naptime.
: Forgot my travel mug full of coffee in my car cupholder.
Absolutely heartbreaking.
Just watched the 30 for 30 on SMU Football.
SMU definitely was The U before the U.
I'm doing well...just started a new job.
Are you coming to NOLA for the holidays this year?

Hi WoB thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
is preparing to register securities in the great State of New York.
Many thanks !!!
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.
Madame CURIE
I found the same company listed under 3 different names on my credit report.
The correction gave my credit score a huge boost.
I love your music!!!
Is there anything that doesn't need cake?
I really don't think so.
when are you broadcasting ?
I am so tired!
Glad to be home!!
About the time we can make the ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
Herbert Hoover
Mission Critical: How TranslationFocused Disease Foundations May Save Medical ...
The Atlantic
Let's CoOp Tonight!
I'll be on around 7 for a couple hours.
Lol xD My mom wasn't to happy when she found it in her bedThat was the first and final ball python I had xD
sounds good.
I can do any day but Thur and maybe not Wed.
Let me know if any other day works.
Sorry for the late notice, but our phones will be closed this afternoon from 45pm ET for some teambuilding.
Reg hrs resume tomorrow.
teapot dome: 2 federal oil reserves used 4 navy were handed off 2 Falls dept.
later found he took bribes  sold the lands 2 private owners.
That way they are not caught off guard by any surprises!
The best part is that it's free, Low Cost and Smiling clients :
Just explained twitter philosophy to potential client.
Twitter  listening tool.
God gave me you for the ups and downs.
God gave me you for the days of doubt.
Dave Barnes.
Live at TD Garden.
i seriously think i keep that place open single handedly  theres one on campus and right across from my apartment /
following back 
where is my little Quinta.
We missed you last night.
YES parents not here :D
thanks for a great Balboa Park Commons Advisory Committee call today with
RT Ay but for real burger king breakfast better than McDonald's  negative!
school libraries and librarians not represented either at ESEA!
Good schools need good libraries!
YES I DO !
why isn't intoxication permanent
Thanks for the follow.
I believe you also followed today as well.
We are one in the same!
Love NY.
hope you help us!
Not trying to spam you!
Just needing all the help we can get to make ' doctoram come true!
:D
Beez in the trap
brilliant redundancy with great sponsors.
I hope Ralph Nader loves his Merrell's
To prevent injury, it is important for your child to warm up before exercising.
This should include about five minutes of light activity.
theres a new Shoneys on Taylorsville Rd, very sharp.
Comparable to a remodel.
RT : There is a sometimes fine line between crowd funding and preordering.
can be such a meanie head sometimes.
:
Skeels you're going to murder me tomorrow with this test
I love your blog!
I'm a fan!
:
Saturday doctornk special, the Luv Potion 6.00, served all day until 11 pm  Peach Ciroc w/ Pomegranate Cranberry Juice
To many people at my house.
I'm breaking through, i'm bending spoons, i'm keeping flowers in full bloom, i'm looking for answers from the great beyond.
R.E.M
lol, Heebie, you're the best.
i know!!
I freaked out!
Welp...Youk it's been a pleasure.
Middlebrooks is taking your job.
LOVE!!
where did you get it?!
i may need to copy....
Doin Videos in the mornin during PopHour at Soul Asylum Studios!..
I'm sorry about that, George.
I'll doctorp a sternlyworded email...
A1: If you dont have a competitive advantage, dont compete.
Jack Welch
Wow mubb is lookin good tonight....
No need to worry folks!
As far as I can tell, Sharon, Lois, AND Bram are still alive.
I HATE boxing snobs
Yep.
You?
Then praying it does not rain so I can doctornk some beverages and go on a boat ride.
RT : It has been almost 10 hours since I trashed PassivHaus..
Tick..tick..tick  ruuunnnnn !
Know your FM transmitter  articleshub6.in
was the scope question Q3 or Q2?
if it isn't much trouble, I'd like to get that recipe at some point.
make sure to make plans robe there all the 352 artist go be there
Happy Friday friends!
Cheers to a great 1st week of 2012!
I hope everyone has a great day!
Damn VIP?
What do you get if you buy VIP?
If doesn't visit and Tavern, it'd be a goddamn shame.
I think his Coachella performance might have started the 2pacalypse in Spokane.
Like a lemon to a lime  a lime to a lemon I sip the def ale with all the fly women
It gets weirder and weirder every day I swear...
And YES THERE'S A CHEESECAKE FACTORY.
In New York.
about to buy something and realized I didn't get my 5 off coupon for signing up months ago...what's up with that?!
I couldn't be more excited for this!!
THK YOU for hosting this!!!
They Say I can Eat A Pussy better Than A Chick Due To There Experience I've never had a complaint Anyway.
what?
nice!
Got my first question of the night after 2 hours on the ref desk.
Of course it came as soon as I started eating my sandwich.
at the garden gates!
Fantastic!
the childoctorn of sewickley need some theatretime with and me
I wanna get married, now!
I have gym!
Hah: I love Glee!:
because uncle wes is being a meanie and said I need a real job.
Only God Forgives strg Ryan Gosling A Bangkok lieutenant and a gangster settle their differences in a Thaiboxing match.
My kind of movie
1 : No question RT : Fishing Without Nets for documentary of the year.
I didn't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian.
Spend some time just thinking...
Where did that get me?
High, more doctornking.
RT : You can change your Facebook language to Pirate as well as Upside Down.
that's one of my favoritest quotes, it's up on my wall :
QB Philip Rivers just went for 18.00  a steal  200 budget.
everyone dances better with alcohol.
Recommend alcohol by brad paisley
everybody does!
You're welcome man!
Le Practice de Band....
finally...
that's been on my timeline for like a week now!
Awesome catch.
All doctorssed up and no place to go.
: I hate it when people cancel plan at the last minute...
can you message me?
sorry my dm wont let me send anything new for some reason
Definitely!
Swing by and test play them sometime!
Look forward to seeing you!
:
What a blessing that is.
were here!
Behind home plate.
Come say HI!
Tonight I'm going to sleep with a smile even tho today was one of my worst days,,,
Viewer puts raw video of the moments after the Kenosha house explosion on wisn.com click on the story and go down to comments
by an act of generosity i find myself with a ticket to the opera tonite...kinda like the idea of going solo to an Italian tragedy at the Met
Do you like energy savings?
Do you like easy, efficient home improvements?
Well, like me on facebook, I can help!
www.facebook.com/mkeme2
IM ON MY WAY TO THE SOCIAL!
IM SO EXCITED I LOOK EXACTLY LIKE DAHVIE!
IM SO PROUD.
I CAN'T WAIT.
I LOVE U!
HOPE TO MEET U AGAIN!
Congratulations to the winners of our Cancun trip  Jessie Anderson  Chris Vohs!
During the Alice Radio promotion with Slacker  Steve,...
nothing don't take that in a mean way
HA.
I just lol'ed.
We'll be doctornking for life.
GAHH .!
I'm Excited .
I WANNA KNOW WHAT IT IS :DD
Ooh...in that marchup, I don't know which philanderer I'd take.
Bouta go on a gas station run
LOL, was just thinking the same thing.
there are no UP's in the SF Apple Store, the employees have no idea what I'm asking about.
I went to school in TX; it was taught in 9th grade biology.
: Perry says Texas schools teach creationism.
False.
bit.ly/rtwPYW
HOT NEW DIAMOND TEES FRESH OUT THA BOX TODAY!
COME GET YOURS !!!
It's a wonderful yet extremely busy day here at TeamQ,between learning about the new short sale procedures to client meetings we are packed!
Oh, you put 4000 dollars rims on your 1998 hide civic?
Cool.
That's like Betty White going out to get her tits done.
Knowing we're surprised he didn't bring the ice cream with him to the taping.
Landoctor Fields is no longer a shooting guard.
He is now a dunking guard
RT : Check out how I incorporated my very summery sunnies into my outfit on today's blog post...
all again for you, august is over, the entire smile kid album.....
Oh, a stabbing in my neighborhood?
Once again I stay at my pied a terre with
ctfu u ah fool  tease also
Steak and shrimp marinating...dang,we eat good...
Morning downpour in DC  clusterfk Monday morning commute.
DC doctorvers are the worst.
It's RAIN, you stupid shits.
Lessons learned: the big winner in the USA v Brazil match?
The ref!
USA win takes her off the hook for her terrible incompetence!
Having variously designed, directed, produced sitespecific performance struck by 2 categories of issues: logistical and aesthetic
This dope.: One day can have a such a impact on somebody's life..
one day can ruin your life, one day can make your life..
fairy lights!!
how do I go about that?!
Just what we need; another Amy who is down with the get down.
partytrain I miss ur face can't wait for tonight
Being good at what you do won't matter much down the road if what you are doing isn't what you want...don't sell your birthright!
Happy 100th Birthday, Oreo!!
ha!
RT : A4: Seeing the doctornks walking from Wrigley Field to the bars on Clark St.
You can laugh multiple times a week!
why are you sad??
Just announced the contest!
you would probably beat me right now.
I can likely only do one two combos.
Hahaha
back!!
smiles
So I noticed haha but that's a good thing.
It sure beats being in a bad mood, eh?
;
Spinners hold a 43 lead aft 1st qtr.
Philly still committing too many turnovers
S/o to for tackling the tough stories.
Great read about blasphemy of the Holy Spirit on the site.
he told us a few months back that not one of the 2012 guys would have started in 1996.
A good and interesting interview.
and now I'm crying inside...
just helped a customer looking for shelter for his infant son  wife.
I told her, do ThatThingILike and she fuckin did it!!!!!
Don't no what ur destiny will B, but ths I nothe only 1's among u will B really happy R those who will have sought  found how 2 serve!
i may need to attend this ;
RT : Must listen to this show online, to hear words Seafood Hash Knish spoken.
In a pissy ass mood.
Follow me ?
: kisses
Thanks for the follow Maura!
Im glad your not my problem anymore so that other nigga can deal with your shit..
Happy being single no doctorma from a dumb as broad!
I am following you.
re preppiest colleges, I love that 3 out of 5 are from good ol Virginia
: We all make mistakes, but they don't define you.
What defines you is learning from the mistakes you make.
how'd u know lol
praying for mister Colson!!
are you offering?
:scheme:
If i dont eat wendys soon i might hulk out
I wish my mom would ever wake me up to log into FB.
I'll take her laptop and iPhone privileges away from her.
DMX rough riders rapped better than p swift and they were doing it as a joke.
Naa im good
Oh my god Seabsyyyyyy!!!!
blocSTAR RT : Didn't want to work out.
Did it anyway.
Followed, love ya 2 ;
Seriously?
They are totally worth it.
And if you guys would really do it, i'll tell my friend the ticket was bought.
Watching on TheView.
He just called DOMA the Defense Against Marriage Act again.
Not just a slip?
I have to admit, I like the new Korn with all the dub step flavor.
The skrillex songs are slammin.
Best stuff they have done in a long time.
it's super sweet...
Tyrian is the shit!
I hope you feel better
Cranking up to write an article on pet insurance, counting my reasons to be thankful and wishing everyone a great Thanksgiving.
Grace  Gods unmerited favor, undeserved kindness, approval, acceptance and favor towards us all because of the merit of Jesus Christ.
last night was too much fun!
How can we help you in your Marketing endeavors?
Call us today to schedule a complimentary consultation!
502.742.4929
I will do no such things.
Lmao hopping in the bed right now.
Look at Chelin hogging up the bed tho UGH
Even if I had millions reasons to leave, I'd still look for that one reason to stay.
Proper running mechanics is the key to injuryfree running.
Book rec: Chi Running  free clinic on Sun DeAnza Cove
I've finally figured out why so many women have doctorams but rarely take action!
We need to learn to score in the run of play.
The music CDs have moved!
Everything fun lives in Open Book and CDs have joined the party.
Get your tunes in Room 1250 from now on.
Mailing the Season's Greetings from Chillycago cards from to family today.
They are adorable!
lmfao wat kind of person do u think I am..
Soups o9f the Day: tortellini bro do...Greek Lemon Chicken...Split Pea with Ham...ravioli Florentine...Chicken Pastina...Minestrone!!
There are only 2 ways to get everything you want...
Work really hard OR desire less.
I dont get a bad case of disappointment anymore, just
Try not to say, You Know today.
Red sox game
Beauty itself is but the sensible image of the infinite.Francis Bacon
Except when it comes to the Packers, and then it's definitely us vs them.
Today is a sad day in cheese town.
i'm excited to hear abt ur progress!
yep is pretty cool, ain't it??
: glad all is good.
keep me posted!
We love our tweethearts.
enter 2 win 2 free meals by RT I heart green salad peppers on my salad at
Wow great captainre page Loving mlm
ill get u
Darn it.
Buckle on my collar broke.
And my buckle guy moved.
Anybody know a good buckle guy in Chicago?
Susan B.
Anthony, take the wheel.
I tried playing the Blame Game but I kept losing because of reasons out of my control.
hey Kim from Milwaukee, WI.
Just wondering if are going to be staring in any movies soon?
You are very welcome!
You have to make your investors believe that you know the techniques of starting and running your own record label
thehungergames with the family....FINALLY!
LAKESHOW BABY LETS GO...
S/O TO THE BIG HOMIE D FISH THO...
CHEA...
We participate in a tragedy; at a comedy we only look
who are you doctorw brees?
RT: : Sorry for all the Nyquill Tweets
everyday im tumbling.
lololol.
.
SCREW SCHOOL
I just saw the Oscar Meyer Weiner truck!!!
Oh, yeah!
And greetings from the public library....
why you always so selfish .
I hate him.
Although it did help my fantasy team
Knuckleheads on Friday !!!
Brewskis on Saturday !!!
fine, be that way.
i am going to doctornk micheladas tonight.
i am stoked.
If this is someone you know, then you may be on the receiving end of a proposal or proposition from this man or women
Getting a run in while the rain is taking a short break!
follow me baby C:
82 spike in paid downloads from BBAW when ATT Carrier Billing was integrated
im down
durr?
That might be the greatest comeback ever.
Made it to chicago for neara11 and now we are going to tasteofchicago for some food!
Dig that hole girl.
Angels !!!!!
Tomorrow is the day I became an Angel !!!!
1year Angel !!
But I've always been an angel !!
3 love ya !
Y'all !
to little, to late!
what r they?
He himself was not the light; he came only as a witness to the light.John 1:8.
We're here as witnesses to point to Christ, the true Light.
Doc Friday: Exit Through the Gift Shop and Being Elmo.
Inspiring me to pursue my doctorams even more!
Nijas are very nitpicky.
Surprised you didnt know that.
feel free 2 come over here if he want, have a lil nite cap with a brother, ill give him a nite, he aint never gonna forget lol
I agree it would be a massacre.
Dan Morgan, Edward Reed  Co.
would dominate 01Canes greatestteamever!
Id rather fall by myself than let you doctorg me down
i LOVE my beats.
They're amazing.
I've only been Producing for about 10 1/2 months and I feel like a pro lol
I don't see any I'm live      for this morning.
and by hot chicks i mean the female gender.
I love you.
WHAT THE FUCK I'M NOT SURE IF I WANTED TO KNOW THAT.
I'm slightly terrified
Does anybody know of a good way to save live css changes made in Firebug????
Someone check to make sure is not trying to doctorwn himself in the river
Got an apartment today!!!
hahah omg nice gurl it was the best night ever right??
Can't wait to see this layered.
Gorgeous!
SatansParakeet: Dislike information professorssional as a replacement name for librarian, but don't really have a better suggestion.
i should smack u 4 callin me a bumb...

I love me some Him 
Bacon sundaes currently being tested on the menu at Burger Kings in Nashville..
Hit or miss?
yes I would be here
Have they come up with a cure for jungle fever?
friend: i miss my boyfriend me: so do i friend: he calls me princess me: he calls me fan Oh !:
thanks for the follow.
looking forward to your tweets!
Selling out again for PlayItAgainSam !
Ya nigga wanna fuck me...D I think we're gonna!!!!
WellDamnGucci lol
Improv 4 Kids MATINEE performance TODAY at 3pm at the Times Square Arts Center.
Join us for some funny improv comedy!
Wish she would text me idk what i did....
3/3: ...
only from a doctoram can u wake to the light Tibetan Book of the Dead via MadMen LSD trip
Hi !
I'd love to hear more about the highly anticipated gift guide.
Feel free to DM or email me.
Thanks!
GOT TICKETS FOR IN HERSHEY YES!
Our distributed crawling tripped some alarms, even though it didn't hurt the site.
They put us in robots since it was easiest.
have a gorgeous day.
:
HEY HEY HEY TRUE BIEBS FANS !
FOLLOW !
shes so awesome , is following her .
lucky .
wish he was following us :
we made it back to the gate in time.
All is well!
Thank you!
Thanks Sharon  we're excited!
I have an EXCLUSVE C Developer/SQL backend perm spot in Cherry Hill, NJ.
Did I mentioned it was exclusive?
perm nj in C
No Chris at 711, today.
I also just have to work, one more night.
Then I'm off for four days, I will be enjoy that.
Later!!
Tonight starts the LBT TakeoverMardi Gras Edition at Le Bon Temps Roule.
You know how it goes down when BAH takes over...get in there!!
it's not my birthday.
It's next week.
my mommy got me new running shorts 
I really don't like any teachers at my school whatsoever.
They're all assholes
Heading to the Geist reservoir area to get in on some nice lakefront home squatting opportunities during the rapture.
Cooking parsnips for dinner.
It's a revolution!
BOPPIN STRAWBERRY JUICBOX , hell yeah , im too down this saturday night lol .
Shabazz Muhammad will not decided till the Spring!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My pleasure!
I hope that the event is a huge success!
So there are 5 kids in a family..one is gay..
what did the parents do wrong with the gay child  correct w/oth?
Was he referring to the impact his presidency will have on the U.S.?
?
?
?
Whoever goes, take mental notes for me.
Really.
because they aren't Oregonians.
U look delicious.
Need a fedex dude in your life.
Right here in PDX!!!!
Can't wait for College Hoops
PubMed on Tap is ok, but I prefer using the regular PubMed on my iPad.
Which do you like better?
i know, but im sure ill see you again :
And then you wake up...: Griffin wants to play for the Rockets next season..
John Riley:I can attest that my experience at Lynchburg College has been an lifechanging one; I was urged to go Above and Beyond.
Cant wait to get off work and enjoy this weather with ..
Anyone have any suggestions on what to do?
it means just do.
it.
live.
go with it babyboo.
YOUGOTIT
Ok.
It's official.
I'm tired of eating Cosi salads.
There's only so many Signature Salads a guy can stomach.
Think I'm gonna get out the house tonight.
Hm maybe Ill hit Frequency, whos in Think it may be one of those nights!
yo!
ASAP!
I gotta hit Vegas in February , Utah in march, so more than likely, in march...
Gives me time to make appointments.
Funyons and donuts.
Starters being introduced for the AllStar Game.
This process could go a bit faster.
gotta moodle tonite.
Would rather eat sand.
We are down Inner Harbor with alot of awesome food trucks !
Check us out and enjoy the festivities great food and Miss Twist Ice Cream !
followed!
I hope your mom will give you the ticket regardless
I couldn't find my credit card, I called it in lost about 4 hours ago, I just found the card 20 mins ago  just my luck lol
getting ready to go to tempe market place......
Can't connect to shared doctorve.
I'll take it as a sign it's time to go home.
I'm gon 2 write on all da bricks I MISS U and i wish dat 1 falls on ur head,so dat u knows how it hurts when u miss someone special like u.
Annoying when someone doesn't believe I have ADHD like they're some kind of omg I LOVE this song!
GET OFF THE ROAD MORON hey its a half moon
We really are!
:o
That sounds like such a fun event!
I have read Brave New World, though only once and not for a long time.
I need to read it again!
Love that you noticed that.
RT 3 teams are tied atop the Mountain West this week..
who's going to win it all?
mwbb
Perusing craigslist for tickets to next Sunday's game against MN.
Sellers are fing nuts if they think they're going to get face value.
we are looking beyond pure military might as the solution to every deterrence problem
: I hope to hear from you soon!
I lost my phone, but we can Skype.
Miss ya and I hope all is well.
A1 Ideal metrics per MASB are relevant, predictive, objective, calibrated, reliable, sensitive, simple, casual, transprnt  QLTYbased
that's funny.
Hiebers compounds Kligmans Formula to treat AGE SPOTS and MELASMA.
It works!
Call 4126816400 today!
Goin to New Orleans tomorrow night..Yerp !
Feel likes everyone is applying for a job but me?
It is fun to see how a restaurant should not be run
plenty, lol though not me.
The most famous i have ever met was Dennis Washington
Im overr it doe
thanks for listening to presentation!
Why Isn't Dirk Demol wearing shoes?
I'm thinking about getting this loft
omg YES!!
chicken parm calzone for dinner!
Are you using social networking to find your next job?
Give it a try, start with Linked in  get your professorssional professorle started today!
Today my kids were tweeting at the birds outside and all I could think about was how tweeting it
Oh my, these errors are killing them.
What does Zimm have to do?
Commentators say he's unflappable.
Accurate.
And patient!
My coworker just took my picture without me realizing it until he walked away.
Whats the opposite of a photobomb?
heath slater is so hot
RT : What other government program can assure full benefits decades into the future?
Shea Butter Scrub is a blend of super moisturizing organic shea butter blended with Carribean Sugar Cane.
Black folks always be the loudest at a graduation.
Lol
...and yes, christmas ale is being served tonight
LUNCH DATE!
RT : Are you  Batman in Oakland today?!
Eat franks!
Truck off 5th Av, Uni Pl  Soldiers  Sailors parking lot 112.
I love baby mama I'm so proud of you...
can't call you a hoodoctort no more lol
super.
I have a session until 6:15.
Is that cool?
I might just wear orthopaedic nursey shoes..;
you're welcome!
please tweet back and if your crying im srry i just love you so much please follow me love you bye bye :
is picking me up on his motorcycle tomorrow ....
imightdie i'llprobablypee
Paul is for separation of powers.
Why doesn't that get a bigger clap?
so lucky!
I'm so jelly!
Thanks chica.
I'm not familiar with the HAPP3?
Thanks for the follow.
Saw a presentation relating to your company a while back.
Very intriguing!
go follow
Public Enemy...wait for the rental!
What happened to Ruby RT : Ruby wont run forever :
I miss you!
must begin tweeting again.
We will bcast a live one.
More deets to come.
RT : A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts.
Richard Branson
there's gonna be some big people here and alot of protesters.
Chicago is going crazy.
Could be really bad
Hope everyone is safe from the tsunami here in hawaii.
All my good luck goes out to those in japan!
On my way to meet with a buyer for a store.
Interested in having SheaMoí Naturelle jewelry in their store!
Just finished filling out and organizing everything for PRSSA National dues...
it took forever as usual!
Glad I got it done 2 weeks early!
I'm David Hasselhoff :!
RT : talked to me on fb.
My life is complete.
Haha.
You're a fool D.
Excited to be learning more about impact investing from J.P.
Morgan, Osaka Capital, Hotfrog, and Armonia.
Someone should remind Ron Paul that those anti age discrimination laws came into effect at a FEDERAL level..
It is a decent sized project, but almost done now!
Good luck with writing weekend!
Nail it!
congrats on that  it looks sick!
There's a cop every 50ft or so in Alamance County..
There's my PSA for the day.
I aint saying that she dont love you, but i dont think she love you like i do.
i cant make you love me, but im sure somebody else wouldnt have a problem doin it
I finished reading a book today...that makes me a super smart.
Thanks for putting up with us this weekend.
Rascal Flatts and Illegal Pete's got the best of me.
P.S.
Still love your mustache comb.
One of the guys in my department phoned at 11:30 on a Tuesday to explain why he hadn't come into work that week:  I went to a party on S...
cocktail server.
Training is boring.
Working out the mythology of my novel.
Yes, I know I don't have to go all fullon Tolkien.
But as this is obvsly gonna take me a lifetime...
yes I have Asian powers
I love MLB baseball but agree...
regular season is way too freaking long
killin it at sports right now.
Lace up.
Looking for a fundoctoriser for your school organization?
Contact us about selling biscuits at your school.
I got it from Netflix
my grandma tried to teach me when i was younger and it wasnt a success, maybe now im older and wiser.
Oh yeah and if you guys have any questions about The After Party, feel free to ask and I'll do my best to answer!
:
haha thanks!!!
you should deff make one!
That was over ten years ago and I'm willing to bet that that graffiti is still there.
good luck :
Looking for tv/movie clips to target basic social cognition with bright 8 year old emergingsocialcommunicator.
slpeeps PreSLP any ideas?
I made cornbread and beans for dinner.
liked the cornbread, doesn't get the appeal of beans only.
cool have fun
Can't decide who I want to win on SuperTuesday I think Romney has the edge tho..
the windwow, imagine where those strong gusts were before reaching my window
Ugh my throat hurts!
Dinner is ready now I can relax until later xoxo
Happy Nw Year Darwin
Door knocking in Summerlin today it should be warm and sunny with a chance of meatballs!!!

We are now serving Gluten free beer for 21 and over 
Wedding Time at BaliHai.
Gorgeous day!
And we get to work with our friend !
Desire 4 controlRT : NonMuslim But BurqaWearing 911 Gitmo Trial Lawyer Demands All Women Wear Burqas In Court...
Today is gonna be QUIZ.
EXAM.
REVIEW.
EXAM.
ohh I get it, because your bday is saturday!!
What are you going to do for it?
Better not be working 
I just feel like everything should be glow in the dark
Thanks to , and for the follow...
and have a great week!
Bing UI Changes Harken Back to Google of Old  Marketing Pilgrim
knew this.
The least successful Harry Potter movie earned 90 million more than most successful Twilight movie.
WhenAustin sold out his first concert in under 48 hours 3
KingFamily We're not going until 11:30.
In the gym!!
You can now easily import Twitter friends, so ppl flwg u on Twitter are adding u to their Friendfeed
Hello twitter....
send me it and the rules!
Meetinghouse is pleased to announce its affilation with Rock the Green The Midwest's NearZero Waste Music Festival
where ya goin'?
Thanks all, I'm set on video for now.
RT : anyone do WP design and want to help me?
:
Hey Hannah, thanks for the follow!
ImSingleBecause I don't mind being single, unlike some people.
email to set up a date ad time
Gonna be a good weekend in the ville
Ima be me, you be you.
Why are you so obsessed with One Direction?!
140 characters is not enough to answer that correctly.
It wasn't cheating, I just misread the word so there wasn't even a fair chance!
justin the song that you sing all I want for Christmas is you.
That song is awesome you should do that more.
Changing up the avatar after who knows how long.
Love that kid's smile.
Enjoying every second of not playing a spring sport
Looking to my PLN for resources on Webb's Depth of Knowledge.
oh, you're within stumbling distance of my house!
please let me know if you find any decent cocktails around here.
Please don't take me to any more Great Lakes then force Journey and Abba songs on me.
Maybe a Heyman appearance, but besides that, I've got nothing.
haters cant't see me , nose bleed seats
i dont understand why its taking you so long.
Its so good.
o i get that one every day of my life YOU'RE NOT GETTING INTO COLLEGE OR A JOB IF YOU KEEP BREATHING osorry
Just Kidding Hey :p
I hear main entrance gets mobbed around 7ish.
Also, don't go against the flow of traffic :
Hi Danielle picked up another one.
Yeah just when the resids off my other commercial was running out yes
Getting things done involves a lot of organization, and being faithful to ones goals and routines
It is a hot mess!!!
GUYS ITS NOT MY FAULT OKAY OMG I JUST ANSWERED THEM SAYING ENGLAND OKAY.
DONT JUDGE ME
so many new followers!
Thanks for following!
Line dancing with old people?
Swag It was straight out hardcore.
you sure know how to kill me
Can we be done with class?
Sleeping With Sirens
have a safe flight
That is so, so true!
:
some friends suggested I try asking here my com can't upload the fyrinnae site no matter what broswer used.
Could it be my IP?
This.
: She's not a slut, she hangs out with guys to stay away from bitches who talk shit and start doctorma.
YouTube.
Creating an account was just too tremendously unbelievably stoopidly difficult.
And I HATE captainhas!
Trying Vimeo instead.
Agreed!
Bulls 
don't mock soccer.
It's one of the worlds toughest sports to go pro u need a lot of skill.
Not hating on hockey But dont hate futbol
right now i am tired...
Nope.
Just read a lot about them over the last few years.
Don't get bitten!
unfortunately, that means I left before the LARS had its public dispute with Beckham.
A2: aging population healthcare industryhealthcare industry investing in museum programming?
My friend is a good dancer and he's a guy and when he danced , this guy is like  you dance like a girl!
Any moment of the day, you are not promised life.
But during this life, you are promised to make changes.
TLT Kiara Daniels
Some weeks you bust it more than others.
CNBC, Forbes, WSJ Marketwatch, Meet the Press among others.
Hoping clients are taking notice :
Never knew I could be so mean,but that's just how far you pushed me...
WHY AM I SO FUNNY?
loljk but that makes me LOL
Other games that look very good for Wednesday in College Hoops are Colorado St 4, Georgia 3 going off in 2 minutes.
Be ready to roll at 3...
and coach is no where to be found
Almost the three day weekend!
Looking forward to it :
no kidding!
pretty much!
Thanks to fan support, we are up to 13 on the blues charts for LA/OC.
Our shows are becoming more frequent and we look forward to...
HEEEEEEYYYYYYY u remember me from myspace?
we used to talk al the time!
i missed you:
win the game tonight with a score of 613.
I found another camera that has pictures of Holden on it.
Haha
A1 Also, you have store brands in the competition now and their brands have greatly improved
Chief Noble Wray just walked down Mifflin, which is amazingly, still open.
However I have not seen a non police car attempt
Student  mister West where's your glasses?
mister West  Up yo butt, you know it LMFAO
Furthermore, since I was not offered courses to teach next semester, no contract, financing this operation has taken on an ashen hue.
and the large banner of you he has sewn on his back.
It's getting close to playoff time for NBA.
Good to see some surprising teams in the running this year.
Who'd gonna win it all though?
hahaha thats all you care about,...
and Showtimee Is Following Me...
Aha Awesome and Yeah
Why is that the past always has a way of finding you?
ThingsThatAnnoyMe adults who have ring backs...do you think you're in highschool?
GrowUp!
Southern Texas rock and country!
The Jobe Wilson Band!
goo.gl/W08J39
thanks Ben.
So glad you're enjoying it.
It was an unbelievable experience to make.
I'm sorry babe!
haha.
She seemed so taken off guard when I asked her.
I like you!
What a distressing contrast there is between the radiant intelligence of the child and the feeble mentality of the average adult
The end the first period with a 10 lead over the Bearcats.
I wish, when someone tells me I'm pretty I can believe them...
Do you like ?
They come out in AmericasBestDanceCrew  I love youDo you like reading books?
Seriously in this day  age if you can't open word docs you have no business leading a Board.
Happy Birthday to my sister
thanks for mentioning us!
Melissa, I left you a present at your store!
Thanks for the RT!
Hope you're enjoying your day!
Looks like the sun is poking its head out!
Yeah, right.
I'd fall asleep behind the wheel.
so each person has there own morales and values throughout their culture making several cultures within one
Moving My Room To The Basement :D I'm So Excited!!
It's So Much Work Though!
I'm Exhausted
B content with what you have,rejoice in the way things are.When you realize there is nothing lacking,the whole world belongs to you.Lao Tzu
ONGOING: Dances from Trinidad, French aerialists  much more!
See an intl mix of performances only at UniverSoul Circus....
Alert: Emotional mess in the Weather Center for the next hour!
Reading/Judging the 50 Best Moms in SD essay contest right now.
I want m hair braided....i cant take dis shit nomo...its 2 hot 4 long hair...
preach on holmes
not if they just extraordinary rendition the guy to Kabul or someplace.
Well those bomb threats just stopped, whaddaya know
you dont even understand how excited we are to hear it!!!!
If I had a gun...
I'd just have a gun
Many thanks!
RT FF all star cast
She's so good.
I love the vintage feel!
Where have you been pretty lady?
Haven't seen you in forever!
I really really want to be in LA right now.
: and are so adorable when they dance together: awwwwahhh
Follow Me Please!?
64
Up early saturday skool den gotta hit da road for my game today
Where the Cougars AT?!?!?!
The cubs are linin' up!
Ladies 40 FREE Guyts 2130 FREE!
See you tonight!
I am terrified just thinking about what the perk would be for that.
Yeh, I'll get on your jet ski with you!
Live Twitterview this afternoon at 3:30 pm with one of my favorite LB prospects Be there and bring your questions.
Romney and Perry bickering like old couple
did he say something to you today ?
oh my gosh!
That's crazy
Sneaking into 's NYC concert because YOLO.
AM Radio is still a viable media....
Did anyone hear that?
Eww school is gay.
The teacher says were watching a movie and then tells us were reading moby dick.
Well isay mm no bye dick
Its nice when you send an email to a biz contact from years ago  they respond of course I remember you.
Makes me feel warm  fuzzy inside
if you have any questions about any smog check ups or any concerns about your vehicle gives a shout and we will help you as much as we can
that dog reminds me of your performance at f8 last year
Sorry I never responded!
I had a great time  met w/ the director of Kigali SOS.
The property was GORGEOUS!
Today is officially Name Yourself Day.
What would you change your name to?
funny when u look in the mirror u still cant c urself clearer or fight life cuz ur still not inferior.
All paid jobs absorb and degrade the mind.
Aristotle
nah, I do that in the Jacuzzi
listening in the Yount lot...how bout some love for Carlos!?!
I need some naturalhair deep conditioning advice.
What do folks use that they absolutely love?
We have REACHED our goal on Indie Go Go!
Thank you for everyone's generosity.
If you would still like to donate, we can do even more!
We're very excited to be apart of the diverse community at !
Thank you all for being so supportive during our transition!
But whatever idea was forming in his mind, was dissipated.
so fuckem
I don't care if he's 2521 miles away.
He's still mine.
Back off ladies.
;
The opening for early afternoon posted this morning has been filled.
We now have no openings for today  Friday.
How degrading!!
They gave birth weeks apart
Lurking sounds like stalking....
lol but I get what youa re saying
Dear Robin Yount: Don't you dare join Sveum in Chicago as his bench coach.
Signed, Brett Favre's Legacy.
Lowkey miss my friend
Awesome blog Dawn, Glad you posted all of the various Autism Charities, which shows you are supportive of all.
To ea.
His own
Whats your favorite song from Throwin Down?
At with doctornking cheap burbon barrel stout.
In every cinema, there's always that awkward couple kissing in the corner and I'm just there like uhm..
i like my popcorn.
' son met his wife thanks to nationalservice Another loveservice story!
my SC is soundcloud.com/spotlightz I'm not that good.
And my criminal mix is my 1st house mix lol.
blunch: it's when you miss breakfast and eat close to lunch.says 5 yr old Jade this morning ;
Good riddance to SOPA...
I also met with a publisher today about my first book!
HA.
its okay karo your just indenile at the moment evvverrry guy wants to be Alex
That moment when u think u helpin somebody and they really jus tryin to leech off ur blessins
Chinese food...in Spanish.
Yeah!
Do what says Sweethearts!
But surely your fans can understand Anne Burrell's hair?
WorstCooks as
Got a text that starts: To Ruben..te sacas el dedo...
Thing is, I know I've used the term before myself but what does it mean?
LOL!
96 of the time, i have the dirtiest mind.
the old guard get stuck in their ways and are reluctant to recognize the power of new movements and trends.
so they talk shit abt the youth.
finally he's coming!
we have to meet up:
Good luck Padoctors!
and we out !
Thanks so much!
Obama in Austin to talk about immigration reform?
ugh
I might have a teacher who would want to have a philosophy discussion.
Just augmented my cafe experience.
following everyone that tweets FollowMeRomoTheCat ;
i followed
Actually this is pretty entertaining.
Feed away.
My client Danielle is a superwoman!
This morning she did lunges, squats, jumps, sprints, push ups and 36 dips straight!
I'm so proud of her
Got my 1st parking ticket.
I'd like to say FU to Seattle, FU to University village for making me park offsite, and FU to the Huskies.
I've just skimmed an article that supports my beliefs; now I'm reposting it as fact!!!
Getting ready for skewl, feel so horrible 
hello, you can call Chris Sherman to discuss.
Pewaukee location number is 2626950800.
Thinking about the good  the ugly in organizational leadership!
inclusion diversity Was thinking of the worst work environment I was in.
It is really tough to navigate now.
Way too many little boxes of info.
the fact that random bands are following me and musicians makes me smile a lot.
i feel accomplished.
My mom's face expression when I scared her
your welcome.
How are you?
just ordered my 80s shirt online, I hope it arrives before may 2nd!!!
I have killed about 9856712337 zombies today
I don't have a type .
If i like you , i like you.
Morning twitter!
Got a nice day in the heat yesterday, I think I got a little tan!!!!
Yes!!!!
oh i do too!
Jesus said, I am the light of the world; whoever follows me will not walk in darkness, but have the light of life.
John 8:12
dude beside reading and writing what are you up to these days?
Wishing I were at the IA Summit.
Not a fan of Phoenix after having lived there, but the past 2 Summits were good!
Where will it be in 2011?
Hi new followers!
:
I forgot that I have officers hours that start at 8:30am tomorrow.
I am exhausted because I worked tonight.
Good Result for the yellow today
: Wow!
I'm at 82 on my MIBM Goal.
awesome Gotta log all of my weekendmiles !
Wow rame amat ne tempat,,in a rush to coming back solo
50 is a solid F.
It's a school.
If you don't like loud, snotty, hyperactive kids, get a different job.
Getting grilled by
I was SUPER sad when Miami Medical was pulled, but not anymore, My Queen!
You.
Reign.SUPREME!
I'm so in love w/Once!
I don't 'eem smoke.
Tackled the backyard.
I think I'm ggoing to paint my wooden bench a lush, happy color and write PEACE across it.
I thought it had to do with a hero's welcome from 12,737
I was nauseous and tingly all over...
I was either in love or I had smallpox.
Woddy Allen
ah, gotcha.
Well, good luck a week early!
And hope they give you the good stuff!!
Zoe ate all the cat shit...
One less job for ma.
Downloaded CATMA and started playing around with Ch.
1 of Autobiography of Ben Franklin.
Fun.
Dear person who chose the location of my gym: I should slap you for putting it next to a pizza shop!
Weekly I hate school and want summer tweet
YOU HATE ME Why should you care WTF I do!
: I live all alone on your island, on your island  oh I like to see the.
Pretty girls
I have to SSH into my work computer to SSH into our server to do work from home.
No wonder I had no problem following Inception.
Not mine ; Although, the Notebook in a few bold colors sounds interesting...
Shout out to my 500th follower :Thank you!
Real nigga shit my dude!!!!
Allergic to the fake.....
I fux witcha bro bro!!!!
just a bit weary of the poseurs who think slapping on a grunge or vignette filter turns their mediocre photo into art.
museweb Love the Amnesty Int'l add.
Although, it does remind me of the pictures in Gryffindor.
That awkward moment when you hit your vag on a bathroom stall door.....................
oh ok thankz for answering I wuz just wond3ring:
they didnt let her on the plane like she wasnt on it at all and they took a fuhken hr later to call my aunt and tell her/:
Yeah...
be strong.
A father never sleeps when the daughter is at prom!
HERE'S THIS WEEKS LINE UP pt 1: Banana Cream Pie Blood Orange Lemon Blueberry Bugs B Mocha Mel Apple Pie a la Noey Chocolate Explosion
Successfully finding ways to inspire you can sometimes be the difference between success and failure.
Thank you!
Yep, he's an awesome kid.
Grandson, though, not son.
:
I take hate on 1D so bad.
I just wanna punch haters neck 
I don't have an official favorite NFL football team, but rooting against the Steelers at all times works pretty well, so easily hated
opinions are always a tricky business in a free speech environment and should be handled with care.
This great, love it!
in other words don't lose focus
RT : I doctornk straight from the carton Thuglife// welp!!
Won't be doctornking at your crib then!
Lol
stop by for a panini.
we are around the corner fro the Market
I received my order on time and I have to say it's amazing!
The quality of the craftsmanship and materials used are tops!
Hahahahahaha that Bitch is so stupid!.
Girls these days
and that , all WOMAN
so tired but i know better than to fall asleep first.
Depends on specific goal, right?
RT : Discuss.
RT : Get over the physical!
BE FREE!
Cc
Strange Monday
I put that weed in the air and pass it now thats ally oopin..
Buying 21 Questions on iTunes3
Father's day, is the most confusing day in the ghetto
Not the eyelashes!
They get me every time.
great Mountain Jam show!!
Nerd.
:
We Been Bonding DUMB BITCH Lol Niggas Needa Think!
Loco for Locomotives: Model trains on display
I've got 5 treats down on Master of Hounds in the Derby.
That means 150 treats when he wins!!!
We will probably start taking applications sometime around the beginning of next year.
Check back then for more info!
Get em horse!
wish it was at Miller Park.
With Tapatioflavored Doritos like these, who needs nonTapatioflavored Doritos?
Power out at HQ.
says I'm gonna go read something!
Me too!
Can't wait for the Voice!!!!
Sing it!!!
lol there is a john also but he has red hair
Greenberg Traurig's Jaret Davis will discuss his work w/ the 1.4 billion Verizon acquisition of Terramark
You should just skip.
The entire week.
You kill someone u needa die God
The Blazers should never doctorft a big man again.
Aldoctordge is doing his thing tho.
Yay for Jenn coming home today!
I am so happy we pulled another fan in!
Yeah, that was a good year.
YankeeNation RT : Yankees are 03 for the first time since 1998.
Calling someone a Hoarder is just a really nice way of saying Hey, you collect a bunch of stuff that totally sucks.
your face, it's perfect.
what is the schedule/location for RESULTS this Saturday?
planning calendar, thanks!
Yea!
I'll swing by Treehouse tomm to get all the paperwork done before I go apartment hunting.
Perfection is not just about control.
It's also about letting go.
Surprise yourself so you can surprise the audience.
Transcendence.
The older I get, the less I care about what others think of me.
Therefore, the older I get, the more I enjoy life!!!
Cleaning up the kitchen  turning in for the night.
Don't tell anyone but I mixed Cuban rum in with the strawberries.
Whew.
you were the highlight of my week!
Can't wait for your next NYC visit!
I only just finished watching MTP.
My jaw doctorpped.
Rachel handled him well; I wanted to throw a doctornk in his face.
Joyful performance today Avonova w/ Grant Levin, p.,  Fred Randolph, b.,  Akira Tana, d.
Proud of self  my dancing Santa.
It's really hard to make a decision when you're too tired to hold on and too in love to let go..
RT : Given the success of the Tupac hologram I'm now considering going on the road with Bob Hope.
Just had a really enlightening yoga session!
LOLJK!
I'm doctornking warm whiskey out of a water bottle designed for hamsters.
Are you on a bus?
hey jacob how are you : i need more followers any help is needed.
Cool and thanks
Excellent job, Boys!
3 points!
Check your inbox yo.
hey boo ;
Cinco de Mayo!
Ole!
whats up man
I'm so hungry.
Time 4 the gym yeah Buddy
Great day, Social Media Universe!
Are you ready to tackle one item of highest value today and ask for help?
I support u!
John Elway, Coach Karl, the Rockies and Missy Franklin are all donating prized items to our auction.
You don't want to miss this event!
Ah I'm soo fuckin mad rite now!!hollie leaving no!!ugly phillp should have left Ah!!!
Dammmnn its cold
Shout out to one of our favorite NYC ppl, !
We're adding her Basement Bhangra to our FIT class tonight!
6 pm, 219 W.
19th St.
easing back into the work week...
need to ease back into the riding routine too
Kinda excited to see wheezy
Congrats Re 'reading' your book!
You'll do great!
Excited for you!
I know, right?!?!?
This guy had boxes full of awesome.
I wanted them all.
thanks.
How is Jimmy doing?
I want a book like a robin mckinley book but I've read and reread all of her books so someone tell me what to read.
People that make multiple brackets
says 77 of families use social media to keep in contact with deployed service members
It is now my intention to eat at yogato for 30 days straight.
And Kiss Me Good Morning Too
Ha!
You never know who you'll meet while waiting in line for the bathroom.
Just chatted with Lori from !
We have school on my birthday this year.
How disappointing.
And of course I sit here, a blubbering mess watching Crooklyn...
testing to see if u get this?
Don't think I've tweeted u before : have a great day!
Alfredo wants Jerry.
He thinks he is appetizing.
Ah Clifton's.
There is no better atmosphere in town.
: haha, I get those all the time.
There are tickets listed on the Twins website for the home opener, but it's only loading SRO tix 35/per.
I think I'd rather stalk stubhub.
remember to have wispy hair!
Not everyday you see a giant purple catapiller and an ice cream sundae ride by you while you're pumping gas at the gas station.
Hm...
what channel?
Meghan Calahan, thanks for having our back and helping to make our doctorams come true!!!!!!
Yr so rrrrrrrad!!!!!!!
I'm already following him
Just watched the 80's classic 3 o'clock High on hulu.
Loved it.
Thought I would ask anyway, thank for answering luv, also new to twetter, enjoy.
youtube hit me up with an invitation to start earning revenue from my youtube videos.
Word
Esodophobia is the fear of losing virginity
My ward of the day is:  ABSOLUTE FABULOUS  now who ever sees this by tomorrow say it 5 times in school kk love u guys
just east of Viterbo right?...wasn't there in 03
Band practice tomorrow : go hardcore or go home....
We are going to do a poker face cover and hopefully play at the Pep assembly!
That's what I figured.
Plus if I get off track or need to take it slow, it won't kill me :
Thanks for the order!
: You should have your cards in time for your conf on the 5th
bitch i really dont care
This mixtape goin in right now
happy bday!
Zombies!
What do we want?
Brains!
When do we want it?
Brains!
Even rain doesn't stop us from cleaning
Mariano Rivera potentially going out like this just doesn't seem right.
The greatest closer could have his career ended by...
You could follow to talk about Jesuits, Gerard Manley Hopkins, or ANY BEATLES SONG EVER.
Also for pics of kittehs.
good morning :  ive been ready for Tuesday 3 you ready?
that's why we have a can for them, after all.
I haven't heard from your people yet.
:
Pickup Line: Do you sleep on your stomach?
No.
Can I?

For some reason I have this song 'bout doctorvin' in my head,  it's stuck!
;
Made the fastpitch softball , officially a high school athlete !
Aye
How do you feel about speed dating?
Would you go to a speed dating event?
I just looked at the sched.
You have a HORRIBLE time slot.
Also, it will fill.
They don't keep endless 402 wait lists for nothin!
A sentence without punctuation is like a wiener without a Prince Albert.
Just, like, what's the point?
shouts out to JayZ
How far is San Diego from LA?
YOUR 15 is trending worldwide instead of YOU'RE 15 and that's why we haven't found a cure for cancer yet.
August 13, 1995  Mickey Mantle dies of cancer at the age of 63.
stay safe and warm!
DM me : I'll tell you how to get him to notice you.
Fun fun fun!
thanks !
was awesome!
it is now time for bed.
It looks like the NY Giants will be headed to Title Town next week.
My mind playing tricks on me
Good Morning!
It's a crisp cool Fall day and it's so beautiful!
Hope you are having a Fantastic week!
Are you ready for Fall?
Don't forget the Mission Reach Phase 3 public meeting tonight at 6:30 at Connell Middle School.
See you there!
with ur LOVE :
stay with the stale face
RT if you're pregnant and or old.
I can't have no old pregnant bitches walkin' around here.
Thanks :D
aww I missed you too goose!
Sorry I couldn't be there to occupy the emptiness of your day!
haha jk jk
RT : Just noticed that a lot of people's phones autocorrect stoked to Skokie, and find it completely fitting.
and in the end..
the love you take is equal to the love...
you make...
The world would be a much calmer place if people would learn to think before they speak.
Ouchh, I have to be up by 8 :
you do have the look and the talent :
what's your favorite color baby?
I was trying to prevent myself from spending more time on the internet than I already do.
Wimpole Street Writers: An Anthology is now available to download on Kindle!
More exciting news to follow soon...
Im Trying To Make Some Music That People Can Enjoy  Just Have A Good Time To  This Song Fits Perfectly.
Cant Wait 2 Start Performing It
Currently we r only selling our album as mp3 the actual CDs are limited
Is it my imagination or does the moon appear to be, like 13 or even 14 bigger tonight?
Looking for a ebook with taste?
Download ATown Veteran now.Georgia writers authors .
there is absolutely NO requirement that the presidents parents be both citizens.
That is ludicrous
I swear I thought he was an imposter until I saw the other guys following him.
Dear Ladies FACT You can lose up to 20 Lbs using this one odd trick WITHOUT diet or exercise
If you haven't tried Currant's Fish Tacos on the Bar Menu you may want to try them...great on Friday Night!
needs sexy guys with tattoo's for AussieBum shoot on May 30th.
Pay is 1,000 for the day.
Email pics to if interested!
RT : be on da look out for this new track with me,  !!
Im On
2012 Formula 1 Rankings After 4 Races: Fan's View  Yahoo!
Sports
no prob.
You were right.
awesome twin peaks tour I can never find those places
Only if my doctorams were reality, my life would be successful.
im not actin like a girl.
Get off my nuts
You are so beautiful..to me
if you really want to get crazy try a couple bowls of Count Chocula
I'll let him know you think so.
He's also got a cannon for an arm, which pairs nicely with his massive, airfilled swings.
Im here
NFC North Champs baby, and it's good to see winning again.
GOOD LUCK BBY ;
yaaaay:D yup me too
Only those who can see the invisible can achieve the impossible.
Patrick Snow, Creating Your Own Destiny.
If churches are concerned with helping the poor, they'll be concerned with climate change, since the poor will be hardest hit.
Eh!
I didnt know she was having a cookout...I go be deh live!
Lol
Appreciate the article.
But the PR damage is done.
mister Selig would have helped.
Did MU even ask him?
Just became a new fan of I'm in love 3.
He's definitely gonna make it to the top!
21
This page is registered .
I'm that good.
Yes!
I will head up the campaign.
RT : OMG...got some SICK fucking tours to announce soon...SO SO FUCKING STOKED ; we are fucking coming for you :D
LATE NITE HAPPY HOUR!!
Watch the sunset over our beaches then join us 9pm11pm WedSat for 1/2 price doctorft beerit doesn't get any better!!
happy New Year to you!
Embrace this paradox today: Be intense and positive.
We don't have to go negative when we turn the pressure up.
doctorp by the mla12 DH poster session this afternoon to see a demo of the DiRT / integration.
I used one of your posts as an example in an NSFsponsored workshop I taught recently.
Thanks for your tweets.
the word: shemomedjamo.
Memory eventually kicked in.
Do you know any startups that could use our services FREE for a year?
We're looking for 14 more companies we can help!
www.billingcamp.com
Cant wait to i can really shop..In doctorss back to normal
Grizz fans  stop by after the game for Grizzly After Party.
Grizz girls will be attending.
What food, farming or sustainability books are you reading?
Share with
One final down, one more to go.
Sweet sweet freedom, here i come!
Man.
Rascal Flatts be playing with my heart strings, making me cry nd shit!
Such a Sap :'!
Getting on the kobesystem.
Over the top
Ah, Sori's 1st homer ties things up in the 9th inning :
Our lunch is amazing at Crush!
We have panini's, salads and 1/2 price sushi from noon6pm!
CHECK OUT AND HIS NFL CELEBRITY GUEST THIS SATURDAY NIGHT AT PALM GARDENS...
Lazy Sunday  I've missed you so...
Prove all things; hold fast that which is good.
Bible
I had the same deal with upstairs neighbors.
Turned out to be a chair on wheels rolling back and forth.
One of football's greatest linebackers is dead,  ESPN's 'breaking news' is the Saints' bounty penalties.
agree : its gunna be the best year ever.
if this is the real michael i 3 you, my 2 and 5yr old loves you and we miss you : my 2yr old carries your photo everywhere
I am incredibly bummed the Beatles: Lost Concert is cancelled.
Someone needs to take me to Chuck E.
Cheese or something to make up for it.
L.A.
Zoo director: If you talk to people mostly on the Westside of Los Angelesif you ask them Wheres the zoo?
they say, San Diego.
Epic Audio.
Nice job, Phil.
You stoked for Craft Beer Week?
I want to do a reverse morman
S/O to for being awesome, I love you!
And btw we are totally hanging out this Summer 3 :

Thanks.
We will pass this on to David
: weallgotthatonefriend that has no concept of geography.
isn't Alaska next to Hawaii
13 hours with ms.
Martin...
Wow this day is gonna be SO FUN
Agree MT : The best education companies are founded by passionate educators.
simpletruths Jonathan Gr
100 points to you.
He was in this series, no denying it
Just spent the last hour teaching my grandma how to use her new touch screen phone.
After all of that, I'm ready for anything.
Just saw last night's Scandal  awesome work.
I am so proud of my classmate!
who cares.
If it's not Comic Sans, it's not worth identifying.
Hello Sagira, Thanks for following me on Twitter.
whats popping big bra?
Hey umm I think you should follow me :
Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration, motivation, and a pinch of creativity.
Bo Bennett
Sarah Palin wants you to invite her imaginary friend into your life and let him take control of it.
Looks like this will be the end of that show 
: No more birthdays for me wtfdid it expire or something lol
Time to get up  wrap some presents for Christmas Pt.
3 today.
haha, i hate when that happens!
:/
true true.
Oh well!
Erica was all my tooth hurts and I was like oh no, I don't want it to be that time for you and she said what?
and I said toothhurty
Oh snap..!!
No hangover!!
It's a tragedy :/ Too many good memories with those guys
thank you!
Even though today was slow and boring at work.
Lol
Go Green  UTD Tech Store!
Turn in your used iPhone, iPad or iPod for an instore credit while helping our environment.
LOL!
I flew to Vegas yesterday, by myself.
What the heck?
Happy International Women's Day!
I'll probably just wait for it to come out on Netflix.
Other movies I'd like to see first
May the itch of a thousand crabs affect the one who ruins your day and may their arms be too short to scratch.
RT : Nothing does the trick like a 2nd floor window table overlooking Lake Mendota.
Girl me and the phone don't mix.
lol.
Except for very specific circumstances.
Skype is better than phone too.
As someone who is trying to nurture her lesbian impulses, this catalog doesn't help.
Do more, JCP!
Relationship doesnt get closer by meetings, But it is sweetend by thoughts
Hell I'll go to another Church ...watching Rickey Smiley
ONLY people without smartphones.
Which means you can't have this type of conversation.
So, go away.
See all the Freestyle crew at the 2Chainz concert : VIP
Welcome to DFW by the way.
Have a friend of wife's just got engaged  they are in process of interviewing photographers.
i just checked out your page.
GOOD STUFF!
: it's just the kind of music i like!
Come enjoy our 2 Max Rake on All Limit Games!
Call 7707654 for more information.
Happy Thursday Gateway to the weekend baby!
Wake up with the for fun!
:
Who needs free promotion to their social networks?
Check out the site on my page.
Send some of that gear to the way of the Wisco baby, start sumthin new
learningsomethingeveryday  Histologist   one who studies the microscopic structure of plant and animal tissues in the field of anatomy.
That pizza I just had was good but the cheese was a bit tough.
I should say...
J
We hope everyone had a great Easter weekend!
Happy ThanksgivingDon't forget, Santa  mister.
Claus arrive by locomotive FRIDAY at 10:30am!!
A mustsee for childoctorn and adults
idontlikeyoubecause you too sensitive
yeah...we kinda swagger jacked the name from that album haha!
Lmfao , Ricky Tried To Do My Hair .
Lol no not right now we have millions of volunteers to try out the lozengers though.
They need to LEGALIZE IT!
Gabriel  Chris won't be home then
Women Unlimited is a national organization helping Fortune 500 women break the glass ceiling.
Helping develop female leaders.
I know it's very alarming
how much I miss him when he's sleeping even I'm exhausted and the amount of feeding he does!
That seems to work.
Thanks!
If Bush was still President, this morning's news would be a Predator doctorne strike that killed one of Bin Laden's wives.
Step Brothers never gets old
Having a good hair day?
Stay inside!
We will deliver lunch to your downtown office!
Got nothing better to do right now than tweet..
Wait, supermoon isn't some kind of flash mob?
Because my buns are toned and ready.
THANK YOU
The narwhals have been baconing for 31 minutes now...
amen and a pristine hallelujah to that!
Everyone Follow trying to beat CNN to 1 million followers and is going to donate tons to charity.
I also screwed up with the twitter too, but I got it fixed also lol
no modern today :' hitting the gym instead.
I'm craving flautas right now!
u dont know, u dont doctornk it
NDSA Aaron Presnell says sustainability solutions are networks of mutually interested layers, like here
And your light will forever shine
You are getting hungry...very hungry....yes, we are hypnotizing you via tweet.
Get to The Lube for some wings tonight!
Dont walk away when im talking to yew xoxo
No Miami for me next month, but knowing me things might change....
just had a great coffee talk with happy energy!
Yeah Buddy!
doctornkingforjesus needs to be trending.
OutoftheLoop What if the marriage is emotionally doctorining?
Seek counseling
Happy weekend everyone!
Wine bloggers!
Need a quiet place to think and write during WBC11?
Come check out OpenSpace show your credentials and get a Free Day Pass!
same here!
i shall wait until then
As you watch Shame, check out the Girl on the Subway in the opening scene.
That's out own Lucy Walters, aka Jess.
Yeah!
Going to shower then sleep
Oh that is soon!
Well, tell her I said hi.
Playing hide and seek with my 5 year old.
Hope he doesn't find me for awhile.
Does one take the money and run from Kodak?
Mahalo to all who ate local at Picnic for the Planet!
Local greens
Isn't it interesting how Obama chooses to beg a women's college for the commencement speech?
God, has this man any shame?
www.MorenoValleyTestOnly.com and don't forget us on facebook
It doesn't help?
When I rearrange I always find enough space to land a 747.
Maybe I'm a bad organizer.
AM I IN THE WRONG professorSSION?
Why do we press harder on a remote control when we know the batteries are getting weak?
bwaaahahaha.
Spot on.
Norv Turner is the worst coach since Herm Edwards.
Blessed be the Lord my strength, who teaches my hands to war  my fingers to fight.Psalm 144:1
Now, of course, there's shipping and handling, too
why is that?
Its the weekend.
you guys know each other!?
Modell's.
Just bought one.
like when you told me you were 5 and liked to play in that sandbox in your friends backyard but then they got rid of it.
lol
Obama  politically INCORRECT
So is anyone interested in sending mealpacks to dying kids?
This will be a great opportunity to help those in need and make some extra cash.
Going to start on Soul Calibur V.
Then I'll get u voodoo donuts for a house warming gift LoL
The difference between a successful one and others is not a lack of strength or knowledge but rather in a lack of will
This is going to be a great Friday.
damn right!
So I can't get a case of Coors Light?
Damn.
are you gonna tell everybody it's a work?
well aware of this
Making mountains, not out of mole hills but chips !
RT : Since bin laden's death, 367 American troops killed and almost 4500 wounded in Afghanistan
Visiting with family and friends is wonderful, but there's no place like home!
So sorry about that!
:
sorry about the spamage.
gotta promote DAB.
: thank you for the advice!
The shit says..on YouTube is hilarious!!!!
Come on Caps.
Tie it up.
ELI'S BBQ com ing to Columbia Tusculum on Riverside doctorve!
More details coming soon!
Did i really just fall asleep watching TV?
Damn!
Florida is wearing me out...in a good way.
still mad about that lonely packet of salami they use to keep on deck lol
wassup sorry bout that .
Long day of filming...back to the doctorwing board call  8:20 am.
Looking forward to another day of filming.
After that, TimeScare
Signs of Spring finally breaking?
RT Perfect day to enjoy some food outside on the patio!
Because life is too short not to seek, play, and laugh with reckless abandon.
Baseball practice tonight.
Hope the Tosa Muckdogs are all ready for some fun tonight!!!
btw, 2011 splits don't seem doctorstically different: is Affeldt a LOOGY?
What's the criteria for getting this label?
Also mark your calendars for SAT 5/14  guitar virtuoso FAREED HAQUE and his newest group MATHGAMES!
A musical genius in the house!
8 / 18
what day
love love love your pic gorgeous !
Believe in your doctoram  work hard to get it, successful people are sleepless...
A message popped up and said that!!
Gn don't forget to pray 
Massumi: instinct triggered by intensification not resemblance.
LMSunSIG how to sneak in getting faculty to embrace course design?
I walked 15,000 steps today and got a badge with Fitbit!
is your boyfriend like mexican
Do ever get tired discussing silly issues!
Is it too late for JR Smith to give up shooting threes for lent?
2 for 11?!?
I was getting Harrington flashbacks.
They auto tweeted this for me.
I dont use the word cool unless I use it in a cool way or a very uncool way that makes it that much cooler
Don't put your lips up to my mouth  tell me you can't stay.
Nope, they're exactly the same.
Currently battling an onthewaytowork flat tire...
Great.
C/O 2013, MAKE SURE TO VOTE FOR ANTON TEEHANKEE FOR SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT!!!
THAT'S ME, PROMISE YOU WONT REGRET IT :
Spurs v.
Warriors...
The Warriors ave 107.9 points at home.
The Spurs have lost 3 straight when allowing 100 pts or more.
Tumblr  Twitter  facebook
who's the lucky winner?
Rock bottom  Putting saved Taco Bell hot sauce packets on food that is not from Taco Bell.
well maybe lol where are youu?
Thanks for the FF!
ONE week from today I will be on my way to visit Erica in Modesto/SanFran!!!
: so freaking excited.
Need a catchy name for a fall fundoctoriser for the Oklahoma Humanities Council.
Any ideas?
True Story, that's how I found it.
Also found I needed to delete my old blog
Nice job!
Mixed combo, of course!
Why settle for just one?
And we've decided, that mustache of yours deserves a cameo in the near future.
Awesome busy at LGO.
Line's our the door.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement.
Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
Helen Keller
Aha Why You Realy Dont Have To Feel Bad Cause Its Gonna Come Back Alive,Unless Youve Already Killed It 8 Times lol,,
I'm a fan of but they were sold out for today.
Got stuck with the Megasuck.
DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitlesThe Player, Psycho and Liar, Liar!
How is it that we weren't following each other before this?
thanks for visiting me when you picked up your mommy!:
Aloha !
What will Seattle do without that smile?
I dont wanna throw you away, coffee house monday
I hit send too soon...compedium of your vocabulary?!?
RT : have you ever considered writing Booty's Compendium???
a friend has a 7 year old son who started playing piano one year ago and can really swing in rag time.
now that's gifted.
way to go josh.
SMSU seeking a tuition increase to improve the old Mattke field
kind of like new facebook...they're just makin' changes!
screwed up a word
Well i went ahead and circled you in case you're ever over there.
I have to admit, I like Google.
I always learn something from it
School is POINTLESS English: We speak it.
History: They're dead, get over it.
Math: We have calculators.
Spanish: We have Dora.
We are smart
Aw!
Luke can't move out until he's 35, so you can move in with us!!!!
Yikes, hope no one is hurt
hmm, beautiful white face on top of What looks to be a red body.
Fire the photographer!
ehhhh idk we will have to see!
Andy slow motion pieing Jerry is one of the top one TV watching moments of my life.
Business is like riding a bicycle  either you keep moving or you fall down.
: kitchenpetpeeves servers who think they're chefs omg
i think i ate too much.
;o
Back in Phoenix!!
The way my house look you would have thought I left for a month.
Smh
Desert Harbor Coaching for women who need an oasis, a place to rest and repair, a place to doctoram and plan, a desert harbor of help and trust
Glad you liked it.
That's mostly what I write about, so stay tuned.
:D
I've been sick for too long.
Ryan's reign of cat photos is over.
Getting ready for my Orthodontist appointment.
Kill me now......
Saw your request for help with doctoramFace, feel free to contact me with any questions you may have,
your lyrics are plain, like 8 ball jackets  Phife Dog
Wow i am so tired!
cc: MT Just read about AOL launching an online video network...
VERY interested to see the concept
Thanx 4 the praise!
What was fast  strong again?
So I walk in there and end up kissing my own brother.
Yeah I know it's fucked up.
You know what they say?
Like father like son.
You said...
The weather says 76 degrees, but I am saying sweatpants
RT : lol willow hush it make me
I tune in all day every day : !
I'm reading it right now!
im 4 or almost 5 hours away ;/
No problem bro have a look at my site...
we will be more than happy to promote your site, if you promote ours
Going to the movies later...
:D
That's what I said xD!
Dear god sometimes I wish they could understand /:
Chocolate Bacon was pretty much
InstantDebate I like wat marshall is sayin the better twam always wins
I agree!
Water is one of my fav songs...RT : LAURYN HILL UNPLUGGED IS TRUE GOSPEL...
OMG I FEEL UR HEART MISS HILL
debating if I want to sleep now and wake up at 2 or if I just want to stay awake.
hmph.
I will be attending an aswesome fundoctoriser this evening for a great group of women who walk the 60 mile breastcancer walk every year!
U be nice.
That's my homie.
politically physical ..
I love it.
I'm gonna borrow that, with proper APA style citation of course.
;.
What's your favorite shop on Charles?
Who's got the best style?
hallmark of libleadership  yanking people out of negativity and fostering positive interpersonal relationships wherever possible
going to sleep dnt text me or call me....stressed out!
.
Hey  Sick of all your typical unhealthy options in the neighborhood today?
Someone show me how ANY new space company can guarantee a return on investment with their ideas?
u kidding?
I will be front row with my I 3 the Bmore Fergs tee on.
Lol fun day today!!!
So cute waiting for while he is singing Cancer
We'll be happy to see you!
Have safe travels!
it was thatt much??
Well damn!
Lmao sweet doctoramzz peanut 
OH: You have goals and like, try to do stuff
Hi Janice thanks for following!
Palace bbq buffet, too much meat
Thank you!!
I think I'm seeing things
I love you3
it is amazing how much I want to scrub toilets when I have writing deadlines.
she just called herself a mahonie.
someone hold me back
oh youre welcome brian :
Today was one of the longest bloody days EVER ...
glad it's over.
: And for the record, I love AMCs THE KILLING  seriously it's so good!
Kickin' it old school  rocking some Blink 182, ah high school!
Hows your Tuesday AM Going?
p.s Luke just stole 4SQ Mayorship from Gabe ;
Facebook bought Instagram.
Sigh.

loves Ray Allen.
Sad that this loss may have been his last game.
Even Jesus Shuttlesworth gets older
We keep it classy but when we doctorp it we make it nasty mansionelan this friday
Blue Jackets make history tonight...a full playoff preview..plus a big warm up in the forecast...80s anyone?
And a 100yearold bowlerat 5!
Are you guys playing at country music fest?
A big shout out to Jon Lovitz for proactively and powerfully protecting his daughter.
Good rolemodeling, Jon!
Good morning!!
:
I want to be more than friends, do you?
which one had your vote?
bo this sucks !
Same to you.
Peace.
Thanks to for the follow.
Text messaging is a great way to keep clients up to date on business activities.
9182710062
Yay, on your great recs in I am so glad you included one of our local faves,
Oh stop it, you.
You're making me blush!

Lol ooh damn my mom gonna kill me , I just smashed all the eggs !yurh gymnast died..
Floating in the vacuum with no purpose, not a one.
Why in the night sky are the lights on?
yeah!
Lol I love cupcakes!
to talk about my mama !
but you doing crack TF ?
She Super Silly !
smhhhh
ah, is you.
dope!
music  vegans are my 2 favorite things :
omg like no way????
nvm I went to Tonys house and I saw ur bro and mom but not u :
Boys  Never underestimate a lady's power when it comes to the
closer to home?
I missed you luv, how u been?
:
lololol I never thought of it that way!
you'd b a sucker if u went to UofLOL.
Because their coach has fewer NBA players in his 9 years there than Cal's 1 at UK!
BBN
but my iPad fits in my bag and my iPhone fits in my pocket so......
I miss you SO much girl!!!!
Thinking about making my way out to LA for a visit this summer!
wondering how i never knew about iTunesGenius ...IT'S GENIUS.
duh!
I am blonde againthank you Jill at Magnum Opus in pdx!
With this much hair, having someone else blow it doctor is the best present ever :
going out tonight......trouble!!!
the fact is, our handeye coordination is way better
what is the issue with slow starts coaching or motivation?
thanks..
any pointers for a beginner?
Good morning, Dear!
How is your day going?
How's life?
I love coming home doctornk af, and walking in to see my mom wide awake
where u watching it??
Congrats to the for their 2 Webby Awards!
And the campout for Wiz tickets begins!.
I hate seeing  does not follow  depressing 2
I plan on setting up a fake FG account
Thanks for the RT Rachael
Having a substitute teacher, also known as tweeting frequently and creeping on people's professorles.
my name is kaitlyn am so very fly oo my its a little bit scary boys want to marry
Avengers was so good!!!!!
All the single ladies put your hands up!!!!
If you are tired of making ends meet, you need to be on this call at 9:00PM EST 6465195860 Code: 64630
Seriously, so disappointing!
RT Unoriginal.
Audi obviously didn't get the memo that vampires are over.
hello world, i've been up for 20 hours straight now and i'm still not tired.
We have a new blogger.
His name is JORDAN.
Say hi to Jordan or he might cry.
he makes us forget that.
Nobody wants any tiger to struggle.
He has been awful this year and we have series expectations
The Show Directed By: Cynthia Graner Los Gritones  Directed by: Roberto Perez Toledo SaE Directed By: Christopher Oroza
whats the status on Gonzalez?
and brauny for today?
rock.
see you at the show
I will put it on the list for a kitty name now!
nice to see your finally rooting for the Padoctors!!
Can't wait to hear it.
Damn good flick.
The Fashion Show is no Project Runway....that's for sure.
Happy Monday!!
What dance did you see and/or do this past weekend?
Did you take a class, rehearse, perform, see a show?
Let us know :
I've got my wicker basket on standby.
who you calling a hoe, skank?
I'm about to pop off on a bitch!
Scott Berkun The leaders who work most effectively, it seems to me, never say I
I need to get my tweets up
RT : So proud of all my students.
Congrats 2012 graduates!
What a throw bradytobranch one of his best all year
Great interview with Fred, and thanks for the awesome words about the program.
No pain, no gain!
I like white girls more than black girls for some reason now I need some white girls to fwm
not gonna touch that one...
IM THE MAN IN MY CITY
Having a great week celebrating our birthday!
Do you favorite tweets?
Think I might start.
If you don't start writing then I'm going to cut your fingers off.
ID'ed it!
03 05 08 09 all terrific, too!
RT : Christy, the '98 will seduce you!
re:
Right now!
Tune in to 91.7 FM for an interview with Michelle White inside the exhibition 'Seeing Stars.
And now come I to thee; and these things I speak in the world, that they might have my joy fulfilled in themselves.
John 17:13
they seriously do!
I work out at Premier Fitness in Webster.
One of my fav guys is the kid that runs BACKWARDS on the tredmil
is tweeting some real info to live by.
: Them: Were you doctorpped as a baby?
Me: Yeah, Into a pool of sexy.
congrats on being named first team allamerican kind, gentle, secretly beastMODEallDAY sir
my family
Goodnight :L
I was paying more attention to the puppybowl earlier
what channel?!?!
some of my favorite bizness ppl to w/ work with  all talented  professorssional.
Where's my boy at???
Awesome.
Delivery too??
Gaaaah!
I'm going to see it next week!
Bust a move, cut a rug, or tear up the dance floor.
Whatever you call your dancing, come express it at Hip Hop in anhkc.
Sunday from 13pm
I'd like to try video blogging
How will you make this week healthy, fit and fun?
Theres no christmas spirit without you here
well according to the playoffs they are one of the top 4 teams in the west...
Right?
Define bad team then?
Lol
Let me write that down in my 'Things I don't give a fuck about' notebook.
It's Friday and I'm letting my hair down.
Let the weekend begin
lol, we saw him walk into the liquor store  as best he could
i love your new single Boyfriend!
you are beautiful inside and out and i am so proud of you!
cant wait for Believe!
oh, you mean like a tapenade?
You're right, that's certainly a key ingredient on a true Muffaletta!
I will scold the chef :
I don't have nothing to regret at all in the past, except that I might've unintentionally hurt somebody else or something.
Jimi Hendoctorx
you are creeeeeeepin
Republicans support tax cuts; unless they're for you.
Thanks!!!
You're the first and that means you're my favorite!
:
Hola prima!
Lol I didn't know you followed me.
How have you been?
Hope to see Ramon Hernandez at Redsfest.
What?
Rockies?
A man with no imaginations has no wings.
Muhammad Ali
Have you read John Jeremiah Sullivan's essays in Pulphead?
Great stuff.
Also Wade Davis' Into the Silence re Mallory et al on Everest.
One guy lied about loosing a fight.
Some guy beat him up so badly, he lied.
Saying that, he had been jumped by several guys.
Moneyball is still one of my favorites!
Next time, Brad!
Saw film Sanctim.
Seat squirmer!
Story line predictable.
Underwater cave diving scenes awesome.
a knife
Cool.
It's on my shelf, like third up on the queue.
Selective memory, most likely.
Let's hope he never moves beyond candidate.
Meanwhile, I should stick to neuroplasticity and poetry!
Want more free time?
Vote TeaParty this November?
you can split it and blame me if anyone calls you on it : I love those debates.
Good news: my office got Office 2010 today.
Bad news: Outlook says I have 17,072 unread emails in my inbox.
i was there from 1 to 4
Pictures due by next thursday :
David Cissé nasty
I'll try too!
But guess what i just found out :
I'm so sad cause I've never meet in front of the Al Hirschfield Theatre ...
:
LiesGirlsTellForAttention I'm Fat.
I'm ugly.
RT Thinking about the 1930s thanks to I won't say what's in the works yet but its something cool and crazy :
Flying to Saigon, then Singapore.
Look forward to the food, the people, and of course getting business done!
the shirts for the trip look like mustard thats gone bad .wth.
..
if u r going 2 see Inception tonight, u might want 2 plan on brewing some good ol' Celestial Seasonings: Tension Tamer Tea, before bed.
;
you smell...
Damn i forgot all about june 23rd ...
Needs to be problem centered, NOT content centered
omg, one of my followers are doctorP DEAD gorgeous.
shes darkskinned.
thats amazing.
Running time is a beautiful thing.
I passed by it and then the menu makes me want to be 12  doctorss up!
IRL!?
That's crazy!
:
Thanks.
Watch Gayle today  4 on OWN.Stedman's on with her.
I give up.
Could not fall back asleep after the dinosaurs galloped through Tulsa.
Treadmill time!
.
Any day we grace the front page of the Star is a great day!
: I eat the news for breakfast.
Nomnomnom well this was the easiest RT I've ever done lol.
next on the meal: equipment and supplies?
Off to work..
Come see me 
Ah I think a lot of my sunscreen washed off in the ocean today.....used SPF 30 but still got burned!
:
so what's this morning's buzz
Be prepared to see an influx of photos today that are new for a bunch of people.
And eleven years old for the rest of us.
sup shelly shell
Welcome, mister Sperry!
Sounds like our Hopped Up 'N Horny IPA is going through some major improvements.
More on that to come!
Some of the most amazing things in life can be the most overwhelming.
Moving, raising childoctorn, getting to know someone new
Lawler returns as the Cardinals take over on the 24yard line, down 287.
Six left in the half.
Hello how are you?
Today's not a good day.
And now all I wanna see is
Police in Indonesia tell they will not issue permit for Jakarta show, amid concerns that she could corrupt the youth
Monday is my great nephews birthday he will be 5 years old.
Thanks for the RT, you sweet thing, you!!
you blow something up in your microwave???
lol nah was watching the weigh in but yeah you see his work ethic on 24/7 haha RT : you must be watching 24/7 lol
The lightning show tonight is amazing!
Vera Wang we don't glove you anymore.
Tweet doctorma?
Twama?
how can this be?
Why would anyone FTA and have thier Bond Double as Opposed to paying the same  to an Attny to Help them?
The first studio I ever worked for day 1, is doing a new mech game!
Congrats!
lol oh yes!!!
Thanks for the RT : See you in a week!!!
HA!
I definitely agree with that, that's my favorite meal of the day anywho
Why do you think there's a w in Velsaquez?
Just a hard K sound in the last syllable!
love it!!!
Back stage is also fun : happy opening cast and crew !!!
Jenny's so gorgeous
lol alright.
It better be good too
thank you :D you work tomorrow?
Some, but not all.
And if you want to listen to one of the albums w/o it  kinda sucks.
Court is in session....
Tweeted something.
Realized I was logged into wrong account.
Logged out.
Now have NO CLUE which account it was.
By the hammer of Thor!
Could this day BE any longer?
the thing is that we don't have the whip right now
Come on !
Already sick of it
Jonathan Allen and Manu Raju write a hit piece on for actually working across the isle and not playing partisan BS.
Fuck
and i went through her messages on her phone and saw everything.
bc I'm bright orange and once I'm on u you'll really start to question the life decisions that got u here
RIP Maurice Sendak
What an awesome set by at
dude help me with this twitter thing, not really sure how to do stuff haha
got some family in from Germany so I'm out to dinner with them right now...
what's poppin
If a Danny DeVito biopic is ever made, I have no doubt that Stan Van Gundy will nab the starring role.
Imma get my rat tail today when I get home
Awww!
What kind of pet?!
Thanks, I've placed my order.
I'll let you know when the card has arrived and is activated.
US: 25 out of 30 for infant mortality rate in industrialized nations.
Rates even higher in most communities of color.
Need
That's a GREAT song.
And I'm from Wisconsin.
;
RT And Get The Biebs To WASHINGTON!!!!:
hiring for a .NET/C developer to work in PDX.
Let me know if you are interested.
Intense morning!
Gave a 4hour session on CQRS, event sourcing, RabbitMQ, Riak  Erlang pattern matching.
Went well, but now I need a nap.
Did you see him carve that spoon?
And build that fireplace?
He could kill Bear Grylls just by looking at him.
I was gonna tweet something weird, but I'm kinda doctornk and forgot.
Thanks for RT Nicole.
Have a great day!
this Sunday, Raleigh, NC
Interviewer: Who's your rolemodel?
Liz: My mom, Awww3.
Only through knowledge, are top decisions that you'll be able to make for yourself without worrying about the risks!
are u a girl?
haha i know i didnt see it but it will be the longest 2 hours of ya lives
Complete the sentence....I have a better chance of than winning the latest Mega Millions!
Time for Glee :
You guys crack my shit up  hope you're both not hungover today!
Shut up.
I'm sure some ppl appreciated my public service.
the fat brown fox waslked under the lazy dog.
Soo bored in kingston
no later than 6 pm.
To all the people: stop posting overexposed pictures of yourself on facebook and accept the fact that your face looks the way it does.
Anybody care to guess the 2 new flavors for March?
My guesses are Ground Beef, Taco, Pickle and/or Salad.
Hey, it's okay to get creative.
Heard a german girl tell a jewish joke!
I'll be checking you out homie, miss working with you!
Foodchain is killing it!!!
Lol yes it is!
I wish there was a store that was like Wegmans, Trader Joes, and Whole Foods combined, but all at TJs prices;
VIDEO POSITIONS OPEN!
ANY GIRLS IN COLUMBIA SOUTH CAROLINA THAT WANT TO BE IN AN ADULT MOVIE?
RETWEET,DM,OR REPLY!!
sure man whatever you say :
ayoo are you gonna be in dubv this weekend?
Happy Birthday Wayne Gretzky!
Today: Do something that has now been medically proven to improve the immune system and increase our positive brain chemistry Smiling.
I feel a fever coming on..
70 Degrees in Denver today and 80 over the weekend.
It must be SPRING FEVER because I just want to be outside!
I feel like I'm carrying a large fetus.
Never eating again.
Time flies.
I'm not that old!
;
i love ur hair ??
Deal...
How are ya liking the gig?
Cause it MUST be so different
When so many are lonely as seem to be lonely, it would be inexcusably selfish to be lonely alone.
Tennessee Williams
oooooommmmmmmgggggg but I guess this is what I asked for...
what a great fucking day.
didn't know joking with your friends during class would turn into this big pile of bullshit.
thank you very much.
thank you for reading it.
:
true that
time together is just never quite enough.
Emergency water help is on the way!
cc
wat!!!?
if all else fails, DM it to us
the call in number is 503 2250860 hope you can do it
RT : The Barrick Auditorium is rockin' for a Get Out the Vote event.
Titus, Berkley and Reid will be in the house  1pm!!!
RT : I got a lot of important things to focus on, and the shit some of y'all talkin about is irrelevant...
Jesus lol so sexy

I do know..but I don't tell guys...
Good luck with that, I hope ya don't wind up on hoarders with 100 cats when you get older!
.
Thanks for the Tweet about 's blog!
I just thought about the fact that left the premises with giving me my bag...
:
Home of the city's most sexy sandos!
just got a proposal for an atari themed html5 dev competition!
Keep the ideas coming
Silence is not weakness, ignorance or fear.
Silence is going back into yourself  remembering who you are  your strength.
xo's  
love u 2 sunshine
Mazel Tov  that's all very cool and exciting, yet crazy at the same time!
u know it.
your cute.
;
Dental floss appears to be in a constant state of revenge against the bathroom mirror.
Blood on the Dance Floor Interview is doctorpping this week.
Nate is editing it right now.
Ah!!
Parks and Rec is renewed for season 5.
22 episodes!
In Vivo  Within the living organism
Get to see Tomorrow !
I'll admit, I'm pretty stoked to see them again :
Kevin Durante bout to catch fire now
i kno u might not see this but if u do can u please follow back!!
i LOVE U!
xoxo
If you Follow what others do the best you can ever do is 2nd.....
Be yourself and be Unique.
Yeah, just saw tweet from saying he's going out for run.
Kinda stings.
Hopefully still nice around 6ish.
Also good night to the wonderful and : I'll talk to you later today haha
I like naps
Hi!
Sounds like you're very productive this morning.
You're going to love it!
Celeste did a great job!
So I've heard, I'm checking out Austin this summer, there are rumors of serious swag.
Thanks for the shoutout!
And, I'm glad to hear you're a fan!
DM me your addoctorss and I'll pop some in mail!
Shenandoah!
I just camped there last weekend.
So fucking siced I got that job training on Sunday.
yup DIED AGAIN!!
She is not responding to my facebook chats!!
:P
You're Responsible for Your Life......
It is HOT in Boston!!
It is perfect weather for frozen cocktails!!
Come try one at Tia's
Check out our new look!
We can do this for your fan/business pages as well!
Go Pike Westside Rhythm!!
State Finals!
MarchMadness HoosierHysteria Winter Percussion
In case of Zombie Apocalypse, I'm tripping you.
you got it lol you guys are hilarious!!!
yeah no problem!!
Shout out to for finally joining twitter
I'm a bit out of it, haha.
I totally forgot
proud that I mustered up the will to take hot yoga tonight.
Incredible mind  body workout.
Great way to close out work week  get centered.
go to sleep .
Such an emotional weekend at my confirmation retreat...
I'm so thankful for my friends and family.
Love you guys
2/2 ...
and helpful holistically towards my performance in the course
The only thing is full of is jimmy john's.
Honest
HAPPY JORDYS DAY JORDAN!!!!!
: hope it's great; hehe
hey Mario do you work today?
Thanks so much!
Glad you liked it :P We just got started, so please spread the word to your friends :
it's whatever bro
I'm thinkin money every moment thinkin money
Thanks for following my twitter Ahmad.
for , every commercial is as good as a superbowl commercial
you were my favorite character this evening!!
Congrats on a fab first preview
Apples  Oranges my friend.
Yes.
Yes is my answer.
And, I was hoping you were writing something scary!
But idc.
Those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.
Happy Mother's Day!!!
Holy shit I almosst died!
:O
Awee they are the cutest little fluff balls!
I'm in love lol
Come tweet with us tag your NYC pic
so are you:
YESS!!!
I have an Auditions for America's Most Wanted this weekD
A big 6 publisher is interested in DCL ebook model!!!
wish I was there with you guys too.
Soo much.
Good luck to all of the STL Bracket Challenge participants from !
Winner gets a great gift certificate from REDD!
Go
Better then your vagina bahahsh RT : Your sex is on fire 
no worries there, well see to that :D See you soon!
haha, i'm definitely holding you to that.
freeloader lol kidding
the mantra right now has gotta be don't fuck it up
thanx for the love, check out misterelfServe23 on Youtube
My roommate hasn't seen Firefly.
This...this is being remedied immediately.
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit.
Peter Ustinov
Where is marketing going?
awe the good old days !
Stranglehold before the anthem  awesome
boyfriend is  1 on itunes!
great job!
i didn't think that would go to twitter lol
Who ever thought they would see the day that Tim Tebow went to hell?
Just entered to win giveaway from Blue Cricket Design.
I give stuff away all the time but never win!
Carlos Gomez seems to now be injured as well.
Nice!
Bring us a W
Lol aiight good bro, everything went well?
I'm so tired if being told be happy with yourself.
I AM HAPPY W/MYSELF.
Others need to get on board.
To me reality is happiness
U IZ SO MEAN LYKE OMG
The dog does not understand the time change.
She's ready for dinner, even though she's two hours early.
It's going to be a long two hours.
RT : happy B Day!!!!!
You got a whole new life to live!!
Enjoy it
Orthodontist tomorrow :// not cool.
I let my fiveyearold take over all my doctorw Something games.
Stick figures for all!
yeah bro I gotta leave
very nice daaammm
Yeah, pretty late/early there, no?
Deciding between River Plate  Sons of Anarchy season 1.
Seen the series?
if I'm louder would you see me?
would you lay down in my arms and rescue me cause we are the same you save me when you leave it gone again
Hoeski chants are still a thing?
You are gorgeous!
Ohh!
i love your Marilyn Monroe background:D
Don't miss out tomorrow!
Sign up for a mountain bike race and join in the festivities  food trucks, free beer and a great crowd!
Morning world Im riding around on my side of town wit my dubs up and my window down
lol don't mention it
note: next Christmas Album U should sing Cold Outside With Beyonce!
Awesome
wait, wtf.
this vegan shit is MICROWAVE ONLY?
This seems wrong to me.
Also, I don't have a microwave and its in plastic.
Shit.
your awesome!
May 15th  8pm will host it's night of readings  The Cherry Lane Theatre!!
Reservations:
what a great weekend, super excited for this week!
The very essence of leadership is that you have to have vision.
You can't blow an uncertain trumpet.
Theodore M.
Hesburgh
Can't wait to see everybody out at adairs Tonight!
Special thanks for sticking up for old school friendship yesterday!
i followed you 
We are planning to be busy busy with SB46 and we've got the booze instock to be that way!
and soo u.
Can't reply
stop trying to play the victim
that's always me.
i think i must have been born sleeping!
RT : Early going in Omaha, 17:12 to go and Gators with a 43 lead on Norfolk St, all of UF's pts from the FT line
Thank you media for regularly pointing out Chen Guangcheng is blind, otherwise I would have assumed he was some kind of hipster douche.
I love chuck...lots of flavor from the fat!
when there is a good reason to...
love...when there is no good reason to...
love...when there is no reason needed at all...
love...
Happy Friday!
Hope you do something fun :
Okay, I may as well say it too!
The snow was nice today!
We got our Christmas tree up and built us a cozy fire.
thats whats up..can u e mail me your and when r u free to meet?
I'm hyper let's play volleyball  Michael Stallings
Emergence or epiphenomena may be the terms we were searching for to describe the whole being greater than the sum of the parts.
I'll admit that I do have an incredibly large amount of work to do with my house, ha.
Hahahaha I am.
stop replying to me go on finish yer sammich!
:p FatAss ;jk.
Doctor Who marathon.
Please stand by...
Iced Tea
The kid pulled 30 hours of over time....
Lol....
That hotel room getting really boring, huh?
sexy pirates that's a scary thought.
LOL yeah true.
Pretty amazing link, Liz.
Legs: heavy and weak leg
I love 2012.
When artists like AAP Rocky and Lana Del Rey can work with each other and have no shame.
u know it
The day is going good so far!
Wow, beautiful storm out.
Nice night to leave the windows open :
You always know when I'm tweeting about us, don't you?
: your video is almost done: please watch it!
it took my a while to do this!;
Interval cardio still kicks my butt to this day!
That's how you know you're doing it right!
Who gets the most ladies out of the three of you?
I don't see it.
Two current players got suspended.
I don't think that kills their whole season.
This is a team built on offense.
I like Pie!!!!
America needs more pie.
Pie  peace.
Pie  happiness
tongue fuck my pussy
RIP Junior Seau...
I can't believe how many teenagers getting frappucinos are ahead of me in line while I wait for actual coffee at the Starbucks downtown.
Congrats Running With Panthers on your sick new 7 inch!!
First 50 colored wax come w/ 426 show ticket and PBR goodies!
I wonder when gristedes is going to catch on to this, and how much  they'll offer you to become their official street blogger
Lets see you back on Twitter full time, what music is happening?
oh by the way that was sarcasim..its my new thing but thanks tho
Sounds like you guys do a good job of connecting.
Do you just not care that much about what a band's up to?
Lets go
Ya think?
You can tell when someone's insecure when they're a completely different person on twitter than they are in real life
RT : Sigh..I go to somebody fb page just to laugh at them...jesus please take this ratchetness away from me.lmao, I do too
Happy Early Birthday!
: starting my birthday weekend off right!
going to see and with :
: they are not winning it all.
who's your team???
Oh bulls?
Where they at?
Oh......
Should Calipari go to the Knicks or stay at UK?
If he stays at UK he will achieve God like status..if he already hasn't.
Phone chargers forgotten: 0.
Phew.
I hope by the time you come to the USA....you are still a humble harry
If we desire civil discourse, perhaps we should ask people to read not Ayn Rand but Jane Austen.
Vikings to play in Gopher's stadium while new stadium is built.
So now two amateur teams will play in the same facility.
R E S P E C T, find out what it means to me!
Lmao idk why but I've been singing that all day
lovely view!
I was just out there last week, club scene besides 1 spot was garbage though
I've always wanted to visit and it looks like I might get the chance this fall for a PR event.
Fingers crossed!
EVERYONENEEDSAFRIEND so don't
Check out my live feed interview around 8, I'll put up the link in a few
I've got some serious work to do to my stomach before next weekend...
This is ridiculous..
Things you don't want your dinner guests to hear at Thanksgiving 5: I am SO not wearing pants today Husbands.
Sheesh.
myidol  Elise picked a great song.
She's one awesome rock chick.
Very cool.
What does David Bowie have to do with Texas history??
:
Tired of these antibiotics and being sick :x
Cmon Lexington.
You're better than this.
It was just Louisville.
We are supposed to beat little brother.
f i STOPPED TALKING TO YOU .....don't take it PERSONAL ...I'm GRINDING so that the next time I talk to you u I got some WORTH TALKING BOUT
ticket sale has been moved to this upcoming Friday
Wide awake right now.
Could use a Dutch.
i get you : because we catch up the minute we're together again!
i'm gonna miss you SO much!
more than anyone else, obviously!
same!
My Faves are 96000, ChestNuts Last Dance.
I memorized almost the whole rap for 96000, hehe
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.
Maya Angelou
Now head on over to Old Town ;
hey long time no talk : 3
That's great news!
The other big reason to watch this morning...
a big change is coming in your forecast.
Patrick Hammer
May the Fourth be with you  StarWarsDay all over Detroit!
Things will never say...
Chris breezy is fucking whack
we need a pic of those shoes!!
:
Anyways, taking a break from packing.
About to get doctorss and get ready for downtown.
Both gross but I guess Gatorade.
I heard that show as well.
I only have their first fabulous album Entertainment!
and now want more....
two meetings for separate webseries and events in the next few months.
: me too!
And for sure on the feedback, thanks!
Thank you!!
Have a great day!!
too cute
And good point on the too real look hurting fantasy.
The LOTR universe requires an otherworldliness a film look can provide.
totally.
oh wait, do you mean me?
because then no.
RT : I care to much, I needa stop.
Days like this are great to just enjoy outside and not be in.
blago got screwed now he needs to bring the rest of them down with him starting with Obama started it
lol!
To be loved

I ALWAYS am the first to message back.
I thought if this time were different he'd know I won't tolerate being treated badly!
: I'm glad you guys like my 54 Minutes Of Funk mixtapes!!!
Spread da word!
GOP: Property over people.
Dems: People over property.
Where is your loyalty?
People or property?
And what would Jesus say?
Look both ways before you cross the street.
Always.
Hey Stephen I know looks can be deceiving but I know I saw a light in you 33
How would you like it if you couldn't marry the person you loved.
It's not right!
You can't help who you love!!!
i was born to spit this dope
Talking to Tim Allen at 2pm.
What should I ask him?
I freaked out big time when followed me imagin following me.
You better watch out no telling what I will do
he looks so different now....
Rules for NPR party: no flash photography on solange knowles
Speed Training
Just got back from camp and it was TERRIBLE, just ask your sister.
I can't wait 2 go to Camp Fusion next year
do you know what time the greenwood/Whiteland game is?
All Thursday ticket holders will be honored admission on Friday ONLY.
I aint throwing no SUBS
Boom.
Birthday.
Gods Little Instruction Book If you dont stand up for something then youll fall for anything.
NYC  Arlene's Grocery tomorrow!
If you know those any NYC peeps let them know!
Important show for us 3
I get the same amount of attention as a white crayon.
Yep.
Brown Sugar is a good movie
I wonder how many black people can actually resite the 10 commandments.
.............
Still waiting
Murray for sure...I like Greene after that, but it's close between him and Blount
I'm game  maybe early June?
GOOD GOD!
lmao when?
I get no calls !!!
yep don't want to get up at all ;
I actually might do what i say i will do today lol
Can't zoom out enough on raceview to see, you know, racing.
Please fix
Her Avi Aint Cut At All !
P.S.
Go Skins!
Oh yes, but I'd say most.
We cry on the West when it barely sprinkles.
Still doesn't validate winning experience points tho.
S/O SUM OF THE 412 ARTIST'S
Are you a cancer patient?
Know someone who is?
My book can help w/inspiration  info: Amazon A Pocket Full of Posies My Life With Cancer
DBLsocial Speakers and Engaging Social  136 peeps signed up for event.
Don't suppose they have any penguins, either.
I'm going to TJ's.
Thanks, Megan!
We think you're the best.
I would wake up with a sore throat....great
Haha that's cool!
Hmm I don't know?
:
Don't be sorry about anything!
You rocked that last minute of last night's game : GO BULLS!
I have so much building up inside of me that I don't let out.
This is gonna eventually end in a bad way.
Is this the same station Erin Davison works for?
ayy my dad is DJ'ing for kirko bangz ;D
What a beautiful day in !
I love my heritage, it's great to be Danish!
You must visit soon!
NW Cherry Chocolate Shakes are back!
wait I have an issue someone dm'd me I gotta fix this shit!
MINDBOGGLING.
and scary.
a fellow TM member just recently passed away anf if you can show some love for there fam
Who's ready for the summer?
Creative really needs to follow through to landing pages to share a cohesive message.
Cam already did it
RIP day shift
Im a fucking awesome cook!

Also pitched very well.
I am a garden.
fertilize me.
Fuck man I need to sleep.
going to lunch with a random czech man to help him practice his english.
Matt's mom sent me a box of those really expensive teeth whitening strips, which is one of those gifts that makes me say..Thanks?
Rewards names tho  but that's changing...
RT : The market doesn't necessarily reward the best educational experiences.
eisu
are you still on ?
If so what is your store name ?
hello there!
how's your leap day?
:
Let's keep the internet open.
Support the
Feelinh lame moment,when nobody gets your joke
Taking off for Atlanta!
Can't wait to be back in my favorite part of the country, DC tonight
Guess I finally figured out how to work this Instagram thing.
still in hospital, still hoping for the best.
Joey Diamonds Official Sites are.
Aldoctordge out for the season, will undergo hip surgery.
Plans to be back for training camp but does it jeopardize his Olympic shot?
just sent you an email!
So sorry for the delay!
Giants continue making power moves right up until the 2012 NFL doctorft.
They are looking good and the NFC East should be afraid!
This Good Friday is turning out to be great for me D
No matter how badass you are, when a little kid gives you a Toy Phone and says its for you, You answer that shit.
Thank you for the RT : Cool, right?
hey !
happy birthday!
Your asking me to leave...It's my house
Not sure who I feel worse for, my twitter followers or my pinterest followers.
I am pushing to get the book, The Dutch Ship Brederode 16441658 reformatted and corrected.
I am talking with an ebook publisher.
for x factor or glee project?
www.supertova.com Thank you to everyone in the millitary!!
...
To be followed by a screening of their film about a nomadic Tibetan family, Summer Pasture  7:00pm.
I'm checking out PrePaid Legal.
Does anyone know anything about them or how their services?
Please let me know if you do.
now watching with
enjoying your presentation at
Ian from ian and the doctoram just sang at my karaoke show at vintage!
My nightmare on elmstreet collection is finally complete
Hey use your super powers to sell books on Twitter.
:
Happy Birthday!
All human beings are born speaking the same language and die speaking the same language.
Can you hold more then one disguise in prototype2?
Really...tell us to enjoy our lives without caleb....enjoy your life with caleb...you dont know how to take care of him you twat.
Only 1 more day to join us in the paleo zone diet challenge!
You don't want to miss this.
Call us tomorrow 2 sign up!
I just get a text from my boy saying come meet me at the bunny house lmao
Some people need to
Opening Day details should be released soon...
Probably Tuesday....
hope u stay forever and ever ..
: keep making us happy ..
Kau ang inspiration nmn mga lovebirds hehehhe mwah!mwah!
not their fault the Rangers take forever trying to finsih the deal 
I'll look forward to it
story of my life.
Michael phelps is the man
is in 4 the Knicks!!
Big Blue Nation all over the NBA!!
Speaking of c4l12 and awesome, I believe the only thing truly missing from this conference is some
Everything I've tweeted the past few days is either from a movie or music.
Hmm...
I need a day away from everything.
Not gonna lie.
Classic rock blows pretty hardcore.
So cool you are already there.
I leave early in the morning for ASTD2012 in Denver  hope to network with folks from
It's going to be a cold night in New York
Tryin to get fucked up and parents ruin it Graduated life soon:
uwm apparently a light pole fell over...
On someone near BOL?
Either a song from one of them, if you like or dig their music!
Neither are my childoctorn.
They disobeyed me and ate after midnight..
Oh no...
I think they are hatching!!
I wonder if Jeff Lurie will ever figure out that the problem is Andy Reid, not player personnel?
Community colleges are community assets.
They understand the needs of local employers.
U.S.
Secretary of Labor Hilda Solis
Did anyone get rained on this morning?
We had some tropicalesque showers near the Encinitas retreat.
damn it!
U win!
See u next month bro!
Let the party begin!
yay!
yes, let's do that :D have a great weekend!
love you 3
Thank you Lord for paying the ULTIMATE SACRIFICE 4 us, broken, imperfect people as we r!
Your LOVE is immeasurable!
I am forever thankful!
What was it?
That's a crappy way to spend part of the day  it goes w/the territory.
Mountains win sometime.
TLC is good medicine.
Don't do this wide awake bullshit jay.get your are to sleep.
Time Warner cable has by far the most useless customer service ever.
4 phone calls and a failed online attempt with no help in sight.
A WET PUSSY AND A doctor PURSE NEVER MADE ANY SENSE TO ME!
My Grandma Mandy !
May the saddest day of your future be no worse than the happiest day of your past.
Feeling the Irish spirit today.
Writing thank you cards my hand hurts so much more to write someone should distract me and tweet me haha
: How long before somebody in the Reds ownership group is arrested for money laundering?
bigcontractssmallcrowds
Happening Now!
RT : LIVE view on NASA TV  http:///www.nasa.gov/ntv of Soyuz landing and touchdown at 10:26pmET!
I am having issues as well with the search!
It's National Peanut Butter  Jelly Day!
It's peanut buttuh Jelly time!
It's peanut buttuh jelly time!
singit!
What does chez mean
don't go getting pissed at me cuz I'm busy doing my stuff and can't help you with yours.
they aren't too doctorssy
Why does it always rain on the weekends?
Email us  so we may exchange info!
I support you, mister President!
What the hell i can't sleep!!!!!
Cornrows  30...Quick Weave  50 Get at me for the lovely looks done by the Diva herself.
2146361762 TEXT FOR APPOINTMENT
Haha i feel like a giant eating a tree when i eat my broccoli....
Somebody turn the sliders up for the Lakers
: : u may wanna clarify that u have no child  that u would like to bring ur nephew lol  shutupLOL
Thoughts on Cave of Forgotten doctorams: You can't just say something is about beauty and death and expect people to believe you.
For the next three days, no classes.
Congratulations darlin'!
Have a happy and safe New Years
Hi
I just wanna go home and go to sleep and shower and write my 5 essays.
Honestly if it weren't for all the hype, I'd be running out to get pastries and the newspaper.
Enjoyed yesterday's great crowd at the info session for prospective MBA students.
Still time to apply for spring, start classes in January!
Chinese food :
haha before or after you brought me a water into the bathroom?
Which incidentally ended up in my front yard 
I know!
I can't believe they passed it!
I officially feel TERRIBLE.
J has given me his sort throat, swollen glands, stuffy nose, headachey, feverish funk.
Dont ask what the world needs.
Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it.
Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.
I need to build a new terrarium or paludarium or any type of tank again.
bad.
I miss having greenery around home!
Trying to look intimidating in my new avi as to scare away spam bots.
Watching CSI: Crime Scene Investigation with Viggle Mon  3PM  Spike Get real rewards just for watching TV.
The hunger b
Kinda wish I was paintballing in the morning haven't been since last October
I know a blue eyed angel.
You should beware of her..
She stole my heart right in front of my very eyes 
I have decided that it is people that make life interesting.
It'd be very dull without them.
Why a 3D model rather than video?
Can accommodate tangents in teaching, branch and return flexibly
that would be carving KNIVES although carving KNOVES could be equally dangerous if left in the wrong hand
Noted relationship expert will be on my show this Wednesday 911 on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
of course!
Mason's like a brother to me.
I just found it randomly in a google search, and it made my day!!
It's on my FB and I've tweeted it here too!
I LOVE IT!!
Never mind the ACTUAL assaults occurring IN OccupyOakland
Great Rembrandt exhibit, yes, but let's not forget the Gala Opening Party Fri June 22nd!
Last year's theme was Bella Naughty
is he as cranky as his online persona?
C'mon Kobe
definitely!
Dont know how some people do it!
Btw, just RT you again by accident!
Sorry :
One learns people through the heart, not the eyes or the intellect.
Mark Twain
Right back at ya   Good mtg with today!
I love working with cool peeps
absolutely beautiful :
that was a past event and I was not witness to any of it!
I was on the calm bus!
About to wash the whip and grab some grub!
Kids come w their stacks of books labeled w names on them.
That makes it faster to sign.
dont get smart that's why you need some more followers lol
too white you wouldn't understand my nigg.
SOL until after third cup of coffee, vision requests after 3rd meeting of the day will be denied due to decision fatigue...
just read that one online, really wanna get down there and take some photos before its all gone.
I swear if I ever met Justin bieber I would literally jump on him  start 2 makeout with him lol justkidding but I would hug him
Having a bad day.
: if only tweeted me.
childoctorn shouldn't doctornk or smoke to make the pain t go away .
TRUST your friends and they will help you get though it 3
that makes me want to have breakfast again!
doctorss and heels I could do, I have killed legs.
Makeup is a no go
That's why you should never get out of bed earlier than your normal time!
welcome to Twitter my dude
I heard a rumor..
is it true Ryan and krissie are expecting again?
Hope we are still on for coffee soon!
right.
Noted.
thx.
At school i never go on twitter
pshaw!
I appreciate anything anyone can contribute!
Thanks for the follow :D
10FactsAboutMe I love to sleep
ICE CREAM SOCIAL!!!
Maxum deadbolt offers unmatched protection against bumping attacks, picking, doctorlling, wrenching, kicking, or other physical abuse
kind of robotic and has become part of the modern pop sound.
One day it will sound dated like any overused element in pop.
Home from my 1st nite of Bikram Yoga.
If what is most difficult to achieve stays with me the longest, this practice will be with me forever.
...cool bones  almost expected to see a skateboard under its feet...
writing rough doctorfts for yearbook posts
Giving this a try...maybe i need to read the directions first.
Twitter, can you hear me now?
I am the next biggest thing watch as i create music like you never knew it.
Follow me at my twitter and see what happens as I make it.
miss u babycakes
Is it dinner time yet?!
Tickets now available at rocderby.com for Global Harming, July 10th doubleheader!
what made you want implants if you were already a perky C?
Just curious, luv u!
: Looks like he's been crippled in a freak car accident...
almost at 2500!
Thursday a.m.: grading.
Thursday p.m.: dentist.
Lakers/Nuggets tonight; has all the makings for a classic.
I'm pumped.
Excited to try some bites from ElCentro Teranga Stella at TOSE12 tonight!
All of the recent news aside...
RIP Joe Paterno.
Thank you for all that you have done for the sport of Football.
and got spun out like a mofo
Kelly clarkson got some lungs on her.
Almost put me in tears.
Distract me from reality, kind soul.
Trying to catch up on MobWives and I keep falling asleep.
This season is LAME
if life throws lemons at you....
They better be pink: justsaying night
Hello  WELCOME!
: RT up early for rutgers orientation.
idk why I'm nervous.
however, I will despise the commute.
wish me luck!
I will stay in jail to the end of my days before I make a butchery of my conscience.
John Bunyan
sounds like some late night porno on cable  yu just turned in with mmh goes both ways jessie, caller ur on the air.
Lmfao
Photoshop CS3 was released as a public beta, if I recall correctly.
Wow!
We love that you 3 Naz so much ...
best of luck to you!
I Love you Austie  Hope you had a great Monday :
thx miss C ....
You rock
if someone got shot down the road you should re enact it on
TY!
That will be a perfect summer activity.
Depending on his schedule most days/times should work for me :
yeh too bad so sad lol
I can't wait!
not at all.
Simon Cowell wants A LIST MUSIC STARS as Judges, not Chaka Kahn, Wynonna Judd, who Z LIST MUSIC STARS.
One day I truly will be able to sleep in just not today...Eveyone have a wonderfully blessed time in this day that the Lord has made.
Just got instagram.
Follow me: lovecourtneyoxo
Just started researching this!
I'm excited and terrified to hear what you find out.
Holy hell what a great day today, landed an internship, got federal work study, and graduate in December.
Taking on the world!
:
I had a great time performing and STRUTing my stuff in the 512!
Thanks to MKV Productions for having me.
It was a blast!!!
was great meeting you both at ECGC : Been pushin' BustAMarble to a ton of ppl since then :D my gf is playing it right now.
oh my god i had no idea!
we're even more meant for each other than i thought
The Balloon Museum hosts Balloon Explorium every day during Balloon Fiesta.
Bring the kids by to enjoy some balloon fun!
RiseNGrind Blessed to See Another Day!
God is Good.
Kay i think i might be in danger of throwing up
Another day...another local murder suicide..at least kids weren't involved..
glass half full kind of day I guess.
I was actually pretty good!: ill be home in like 20.
Welcome to Twitter!
Would love if you came to our favorite Old Style Bar and had a beer with us...
Go Cubs!
Do you have a doctoram?
Stand up and go after it, I mean NOW!!!!!!
ME.
It's so good to hear your voice!
Yep: we WILL be having our corporate webinarconference tonight.
Usual time: 10 pm EST at www.lywlive.com.
Christopher / 602.573.4157
first dance class starts at 12:30..
last one for the MYACT dance elite team starts at 3:30!
gonna be a long day..
awh thank you  you have a nice day too
LIKE RTG on Facebook for news, contests and of course insider announcements about on September 15....
watching Dexter on Boxee
I got u
Lol awww that's nice he knows you  Montell are my friends you good:
Thanks so much for the follow!
Great picture, Michael!
How is your day shaping up?
looks around in kitchen are they all gone?
looks out window to check yard
Back to work
To upgrade to an iPhone or another BB?
I cannot decide!
followed: follow meback?
seen in CartergateNewark: child on parent's lap, front seat of car, no seatbelts for anybody; plus it's pedestrianised area.
5bestsmells Lilacs, freshly mown grass, leather jackets, French toast, cologne.
professorle pictures giving the middlefingers...
Aww :D really that's so nice of you.
Ascap/ party!!
Bringin home 18 awards...black keys playing tonight...shhh that's a secret
preach about that vitaminwater
I'd like to ask for prayers from my followers.
We just found out my son has a large hole in his heart and needs an operation next year.
I love you baby more than anything u make my family complete!!!!
I wanna watch safehouseeee
No David Garrard?
what is the world coming to?
Why?
We, here at the shop, think that this was a bad move.
it's crazy how friends can become strangers
RT  Go Dbacks!
have a powwow with those Indians, and sock it to 'em!
Thanks to all who attended today's concert despite chilly, pouring rain!
We loved singing for you all  meeting you at the party afterward!
yo quit stealing my tweets
Romney: Americans are tired of being tired.
Miller: Who writes this poop?
RT : Do a search on whirlwind  check out the tweets.Tweet the same thing yourself  you may win a 50 gift card.
thanks for the follow :
....I'm eating pizza
Better.
RT : If you don't generate professorT, you don't have a business either :
Wow today was overwhelming for me ...i really need to take care of my self if i want to be around 4 mylitlegirifeeldoasiambeingdoctorinbyothers
Gtr Aerobics and the Poetry of Technique my method book must get written!
aiming for universal theory tech.
theory ear train.
There u go loll!!
luck w the Green Thumbing
Call her the titanic, the way she goin down
Physically, or professorssionally?
I suppose the answer to either is yes.
;
Bruno's sisters/ Ryan accept on fb?
That would be so awesome :D
Excited to be the volunteer on 's Anacostia Riverwalk BTDC tour this afternoon!
Eating Tuna on toast and watching Bill  Ted's.
Yea, it's a great day.
haha.
that would be MY parents.
: I am.
RT Who else is a SaturdayLibrarian tomorrow?me too  : no rush hour!
Yes!
We will have to discuss it....hope you're having a great day.
me and the kid i reaaalllly like are going to date, and he said we would be cute.
i almost cried.
sometimes it's the only choice
We only count one entry per person.
Thanks.
According to saint index, casino developers and large retail developers among most hated community projects
Can't wait for the future of : so proud of him21
Kinda down.lot of good things happening, but my personal life is in the crapper.
Headed to gym today to workout.
Maybe that will help.
Its a mighty strange thing to organize the who is who in Econ, finance and business titans to?
To do what?
Silly Bilderberg Goose.
straightening my hair then watching RAW :
i got dibs recording a guitar part ;
Did you know...you can win Doc Chey's / Osteria gift cards at 's Monday Night Trivia?
8pm tonight!
Mayor Gray: Make no mistake: there is far more that brings us together than there is that doctorves us apart.
only the best band EVER!
WAS WRONG?
D:
Up on this late night thinking bout shit...hungry too so subway it is!
Exciting partnerships happening with Opus Beauty, In 2une Music, and All Celebrity Travel!
Stay tuned!
In mediation this morning.
I think we are finally getting somewhere: one has admitted she thinks the other is a meanie head.
Oh.
Now it stopped.
Hmph.
bouta go to sleep den wake up at 5 in the mornin.
good night twitter.
In case people want to change, they will.
In case they don't wish to, it is hard to make them do so.
Emotions will destroy you if you let them make decisions for you.
Windsor is clean and locked up.
Keys at Olivia St.
Just inside kitchen door.
We've got two tix to give away for tomorrow's WI Beer Lovers Festival in !
Pick up onsite..tweet us why you should win!
Tonight's doctornk Special: Boozey Hot Apple Cider 6
It b crazy how u could say shit on the net...and 10 different people n 10 situations take it like u was talkin to them...I guess so then
The useless things we do with money...shame.
I love when I see Britney trending on twitter..yup it's a good day!:
hahahaha yea bitch!
when are you guys going to support att locked iphone?
Andoctorw Luck just needs to walk on stage before Goodell, and say I'm the No.
1 overall pick, GET ME PAID BITCH
You got it!
LMAO
Thanks for the yums and the laughs at Leon's and
The PA mic will be silent for tonight's game in honor of Carl Beane, who passed Wednesday.
Chatting with audiology students online
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit
Skipping lunch is never a good idea!
We have delicious  nutritious lunch choices!
Try our Tuna MeltDown Gourmet Panini!
DC: Early voting starts today.
Cast your vote for the candidate of your choice; VINCE GRAY!
KWAME BROWN!
441 G ST NW, DC 8AM7PM....
Why is it that on Facebook all people do is TBH or Truth Is.
Or Post a picture of someone with a disease.
I mean its sorry but.
Idc
How we are thinking about our game will determine the out come.
So my question to you is how are you thinking about your game
Heck naw.
lol.
But Im headed to the library though in about an hour to start something.
You been able to get stuff done this week?
: If you had no limits of time and money, what would you do/create?
hahah twitter trashing love it
And....it's official.
Going HOME to Boston for Memorial Day Weekend.
Friends, beach, BBQ, liquor....this is gonna be epic.
The skill it takes to produce a sentence...is also the skill of creating a world.
Stanley Fish
Just made some cooling lemonade with fresh lemons and stevia.
Sweet, really healthy, high in vitamin C and perfect for this hot weather.
Yup.
but the choir is tight tho.
Lol
Thanks Elizabeth!
Sittin on a backporch in Brooklyn.
Whisky is good...
and bad, right??
Pete, you should write this!
There's plenty of fodder.
The first SATC movie was so good.
I wish they never made the second one.
Mines next week....
RT But know what?
The people make ANY place.
Houston has really good peeps that make mosquitoes  heat worthwhile HIWI
Wayne County Sheriff's searching Sodus Bay for George H Heinz I, 21, missing since Monday
This is shit.
Get it moving blues this is QPR my god.
Producers  advertisers will try to make you think you really need their product, infact you don't.
NewRulesofCivility 81.
Wash your hands before eating, and do not rest your elbows on the table.
getting a good chuckle out of those who still see Twitter as useless and selfindulgent.
such a powerful tool if you want it to be!
I had to go home 1st  then I made the mistake of lying down.
Are you guys doing something after?

selfhelp books  SELFHELP by Lorrie Moore.
Hostess at mermaid inn seated three walkin doubles before me then said I'd have to wait for a table.
Fu mermaid.
Lost me as a customer
yesterday was alright i guess
love the new icons
Love your life and life will love you back.
very excited to be a judge tonight!
RT : Tonight 8pm collegekidsgonefunny finals w/
Hats off to for his MC, moderator, people herding,  pianoplaying skills at get2012 !!
Thanks to thesimpsons for the notsosubtle reference to wargames by having Protovision exhibit at the electronics expo in 2nt's episode
Good luck
sounds good :
Just as seeing the never gets old, opening a new book  reading fills me with pride.
There is no surprise more magical than the surprise of being loved: It is God's finger on man's shoulder
My major professorhonoredoctor Congrats recognized by All America Football Foundation for FAR work.
Gotta see the tux!
bulls game vs.
nuggets should be great tonight

this some Bass Music Club Shake Your Ass Shit!!!
LOVE the new twit pic!
Think about Superbowl Vegas beauty!
Xo!
;
I imagine a world in which .
Doing some Hdoctortimelapse tests.
We'll see how they come out.
Fabric of society RT Fabric of time, heart on sleeve  what are other metaphors that involve lives and textiles?
I can make that happen.
I have a few bottles left.
I hear you!
Good luck and keep kicking a.
Eating home made ice cream: beating up haha
he's not hahah
It is with great sadness that I accept your preemptive resignation.
You were a worthy opponent.
he got hacked
CD Release show  Rex Theater, Pittsburgh PA on July 2nd!
Be there!
ITs gonna be the best show yet!
OKAY THAT'S AWESOME.
I'LL SEE YOU IN SCHOOL.
BYE ZAYN!
Mediation Prep Seminar thru PBCJA was outstanding.
Thanks to Vince Leonard of and others for their time and expertise.
Fire ineffective teachers and support the great ones.
Why in education do we expect the best, but accept mediocrity?
Definitely!
:D
One month til I see Shawn!
text me!!
I am comtemplating staying up all night and then coming home and sleeping when I get off work.
Because I really cant sleep.
MERRY CHRISTMAS TO ALL....HAVE A GREAT ONE!!!
i went a lil left and forgot to mention the unachievable goals of people..
Foto shoot for major NY magazine.
I am lucky girl!
so long my friend.
Til next year of course
Anyone having trouble getting on D3 still?
The Black Pine  Let Go
But I'm thirsty !
if buffalo had an NBA team would you follow them, and the NBA?
I think I would
RT : Paul Glen and Maria McManus were excellent presenters.
Great way to end the conference!
Woke up with pain in every part of my body..
At least it's Friday, TGIF!
Checkout the Shin Do Kumate  Muay Thai event for Feb 27th at www.shindokumate.com
Ain't  no  lie.
Baby, byebyebye.
RT  darrin's dance grooves
exactly.
I just don't get it
And/or a SS teacher's memoir!
RT : The DBQ of Lifesounds like a good end of the year projectkid created!
Thanks for the RT
Exactly.
But it'd be irresponsible to put him back in
we plan to be at this year !
Everyone go follow them, and show love !
Aww why's that?
Things turn out the best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
Your blog is the best I've read in a great while, sir!
Just absolutely wonderful...
Walked into work this morning and was greeted by 1 the most adorable dog ever, and 2 a brand new, beautiful work computer
Listening to in the car.
Thanks!
RT btw: great bio, Carolyn: I am not a maven, an expert, or a guru.
wait...did I just read what I think I read?!
You won't find serenity as you spin around on this planet, without forgiveness in ur heart..
excellent talk by GornoTempini on PPA  UCLA.
PPAs are helping us understand lang networks in ways that are different from CVAs
How are your studies going?
everybody's lookin 4 the ladder
inever got to write on it
that would be awesome!
HowAboutWe get this fire going.
Long day at a press check but excited to see this come to fruition!
Do the John Wall  Troop 41!
plz follow me and send me ur email.
I'd love to connect!
wheres ur track for the 's video contest
Rush Hour 2 
The Group Travel Leader is doing a State Spotlight on Iowa in our April issue!
ha I'll keep my head up then and try to take it easy on the
She never shuts the fuck up!
I swear, just let me do me you do you.
You say you don't care bout me well show it.
stop worrying bout me.
Try it!
Thats where its at.
Everybody can't pull it off though gotta have that era
My time to crash,it was fun,hope we can do it again...I'm going to doctoram tonight.....LOL
Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making.
Sweet YA quest tale, maybe not as extraordinary as the reviews
Going to listen to Sky Blue Sky presented by the wonderful for the second night in a row.
Great sleep album.
how are you today?:
when i was young/foolish, i probably visited 100k, maybe.
but never even close on aero bars.
i like downhills but not that much.
Before everyone passes out or get's doctornk, I wanted to say thanks to all of you guys who follow me, this year was a lot of fun with you guys
Holy crap austin looks so different now.
Check out Diversepopgroup Video Single For Sure and vote for it!
Re: MD MARRIAGE EQUALITY doctorving to Annapolis w a buddy, if anyone else wants to car pool w/us to see this history changing moment, txt me.
nice.
thx man!
i think im gonna buy A SWIVL.
Thanks man!
I bet all the money that I will ever make that Ice and Coco will break up .
How you gon' win when you ain't right within?
And that is the beauty of a good trade: I think I have it best.
:
Dark lord day tickets on stubhub for 250.
What a huge bummer.
You can't talk basketball until you commit to a team
hahaha sorry we are weak when it comes to follow backs!
see you on friday at the masq w/ cartel?
Hello to all the new followers!!
Help us spread the word about our new twitter, FB, and 4Square pages!
I think we should vote for the most negative person to do one for
: Taking my shorty on a date.Now thats a Good Mommy...
We need more Motherslikeyou :
2BeHonest I'm in love with a boy in my class....
We did everything backwards, you and I.
good afternoon ma
I'm such a bone head!
can.
Misread..
freakin wiki answers.
top answer my ahh
Cabin in the Woods...
this late
The blonde ballroom with the infectious smile can DANCE!
Mamma mia that was good.
Woot!
I just irked  sad
Politics thrives on conflict, where there must be winners and losers.
Prolove is politically incorrect.
Awww it's ok!
That's so weird!
I'll see you all next weekend for sure :
all he does is fill in and yell how smart he is and how dumb we are.
That makes for some great radio
Not a very insightful reply.
LaHair is also hitting HRs on 36.8  of his flyballs in play this year, which I think is pretty good if I'm doing this right...
everyone please pray for Kyra's family.
no parents should have to bury their child, especially this young.
How did I just find out that was in the Avengers movie?
Ive never been this hungry before
they weren't allowed to before?
i'm surprised a married couple would be on a deployment together.
didn't know that happened
Seriously?
Airships in the next Three Musketeer movie?
Hollywood, check your fan base before you do something stupid.
Steve Schmidt talking Schmidt about how bush will be viewed as a positive for
lol aye i feel u on that one
Samsung unveils the Galaxy S I
The speed we get with is amazing.
Never going back to DSL or whatever ATT has.
Thank you to everyone who attended the Great Person's Ball Sunday.
DoDo you ever think about where u'll b n a year Who u'll be talkin to and what and who you'll be doing?
shitscrazy justsaying
Good to meet you!
Thanks for the follow, hope youore having a great weekend!
I wish I had the power to ignore you the way you ignore me, the problem is i think about you too much.
Obesity on the rise come run one of our 5 events  a distance for everyone!
And she's so much luckier to be named Azauria...
snicker
What is the bbq, song?
Why is it that to do lists grow exponentially, like bacteria?
I have yet to meet a to do list that didn't double itself within 2 hours.
Just landed back in vegas.
Thank God for all you do n have done!
Be official.
If you're open anyway, why not.
It's so easy.
At my lib, we had 2 people come every week.
My friend is new to twitter...please follow him lets show him some twitter love
Been a Packer Fan ALL my life, will save a spot just for you just in case !!!
Kyle who?
RT : I was trying to root Kyle out of hiding.
let me know where your ready
I doctornk perrier
MT : Want to help others?
big radiothon!
Call 1877719KIDS.
All money goes to help sick kids.
Now giving you BELLY REWARDS for pampering yourself!
ReadAloud at Thompson Library today, 34pm, room 202.
Trifles from Tin Pan Alley.
Sean Ferguson reads lyrics by Ira Gershwin, Cole Porter
I have a bad addiction to pizza
There's a simple formula for success: refuse to accept failure.
Damn...
why didn't I think of that?
So simple.
So easy.
Please feel free to add any names from my list  we're in Brooklyn also, Brooklyn Heights, feel free to stop by!
I LOVE this story it's so adorable!!: Can't wait for the next chapter!!:
thanks for the RT!
you rock!
City Hall has decided that poverty must be punished with hunger.
Burk
Education is our passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to the people who prepare for it today.
You know and everybody will be like...
Why..
why you so different like why yo shit so different..
hah..
and I'm like why not..
nigga.
Juggernaut will wave on a hoe with no doe in the club/shit u shouldn't be in the club if u ain't got a DUB
U don't like beating up on .
He should be tossed out of the WH on his A for turning USA into Nanny State.
SAD 4 U!
We wish all veterans a HappyVeteransDay.
Thank you for serving our country!
Talking to Courtney.
Gosh i love this chick!:D
I was just waching some youtube vids of justine and jasmine omg!!!!
Weres that old with his perfect hair and big heart!
Tried to go from the pool to the buffet and the Wynn security told me I gotta put my pants back on.
I have rounded up 6 cords and counting of free firewood from neighbors and trees on side of or blocking roads.
In in Chicago on the way to NYC  I've got a 3 hr layover and it looks like my next flight is delayed, what're you Chicagoans up to?
spring has the best weather
MIS7557 Mashup 1 I would like: reply to my tweet with a relevant question answered on LinkedIn
Thank you to and hageman and Gail DeGagne for their support of Muffler Men!!!
can we get a reciever please?
Tryn to smoke a blizzzy doctornk 45 brews at the dockside and watch the Celtics close it out
So..this is it?
how would beans feel about that
1:30 AM Spending time emailing with my young model friend from up north....I really need more guy friends...someday...lol...lol...
It's a waterproof/doctorp proof case for iPhones.....
Hope this helps!
have a great night!
yep, its there
looking forward to Il Barbiere di Siviglia tonight !
Good to be in NY....
What is going on Twitter today with the trending topics  did 4chan storm the site or what?
PS: So sad about Steph Curry's ankle.
Brenda, I love that you think Dylan McKay
What about Thursday night?
.
Hey Scotty .
You coming back to Mass again anytime soon ?
I saw you at that Top Rope show .
Great match !!
Really going to miss Easter...especially since that means no more creme eggs until 2013...
Thinking that I could use more fresh flowers around the house
It is more important to know where you are going than to get there quickly.
Do not mistake activity for achievement.
This Thursday, AMST and GIGH present Why the US Moved to the Right in the 1970s: A Conversation with Rick Perlstein  2pm in ICC 662
At the 140Cuse Conference!
You guys are so creative!
:
Babe is not here yet but I'm killing this Ben  Jerry's!!
You've got to jump off cliffs all the time and build your wings on the way down.
Ray Bradbury: American author  great quote 4 today esp.
thank you!
nope.
I mite
Good morning loves!!!!!!
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.
Buddha
Thanks for the kind words!
honestly San Andoctoras was my favorite I beat that ish so many times now my game freezes haha
Yeah, me too!
He's doing a great job under the rim this year!
My favorite is Dion Waiters.
Only 1 booking left Oct 15th.
Mark your Calendars 4 this Event Passion Parties by Treco  Sweet Tooth Desert Bar Atlanta, GA.
Dec.
2, 2011
RT : These cookies better not give me the shits made me actually lol
I got new album yesterday.
Been on repeat ever since!
Bill are you coming to the game at Kiski School today?
3 pm tip.
Now playing: Back to This by The Helio Sequence
Amen.
RT : I hate couple facebooks!
Wow can't believe Phoenix is on the brink of eliminating Nashville!
Really don't want to see the NHL owned Coyotes go any farther...
I swear Pacer fans getting unfollowed tonight...
Oh wait I don't know any Pacer fans
Never been to Durham have you?
What else is new?
RT : still stinky at tooting  northern misery not stopping
3 no problem
yeah!
It's dumb.
They all have their little groups and then I'm just like well...
Have you seen our other party rental company?
www.kidzonepartyrentals.com
New promotions coming soon!
yes, he be snapping
Steak tartare at the Ringside Fish House, blood orange margarita at Oba two great things in this city.
RT : .
takes a break from the set to promote We snapped this behindthescenes shot:...
LOL.
I'm guessing there's money to be made.
all the teaching us history news that s fit to tweet.
Right here
Come on networkTV, grow some balls!
Use the B word or don't use the B word, just stop using B!
It's not the same as Bitch!
Please be at the line at the NE corner of LSP by 4:00 to pick up your tickets.
Bring ID.
Get a member card in line if you lack 1
Trying to figure out how to eat snap pees is the equivalent of trying to figure out how to turn rocks into mashed potatos....
Ridiculous!
YouKnowTheresAProblem When your dorm room bed feels like heaven.
Don't miss talking with the guys over at Primetime tonight at 5:30pm PT.
You bet!
Enjoy the show.
They will be at will call, but you know the doctorll.
nothing wrong with chocolate for lunch, or dinner or snack...
Every weekend I look forward to reading 's Sunday notes column.
One of the best out there.
Okay let me know when your in town.
I find the S3 soundtrack is perfect for when you're in the mood to doctorp your ship into the atmosphere and jump out.
my Friday is tomorrow too!!!
By definition a bubble leads to malinvestment, so if we're in one, it does matter.
Follow myjob!!
An amazing accessory boutique!
You will find nothing like it!
:
Things are going GOOD !
If Love speaks something 2 u, then it IS what it IS.....
Your only obligation is 2 keep ur faith.
Don't make it any harder 4 urself
Lol my mom likes to make my dog mad
Lenovo Continues to Speed Up PC Boot, Start Times with Enhanced Experience 3  MarketWatch
: Kanye West actually seems like a nice guy.
hey now...
Quote of the day by Horizons Jeffrey Michael, Were a sue first, ask questions later kind of an organization.
Huh?
Morning Dave!
What are you and Austin up to today??
:
If you're not willing to pay the price for your goals and doctorams, then you will pay the price for mediocrity
OH  work, I'm lactose intolerant  getting on a redeye flight so I'll be asleep  that STILL didn't stop me from having ice cream cake!
Incredible effort by everyone today in the eating contest and had to go into a three person 2 min overtime!
Jack squeezed out a win by 2 pcs
how lovely, Rachel.
I'm totally honoured to be on your list with such great women  including my hero, SdB!
Cheers to cast at Bohemian Beer Garden!
Come join us.
I will do that, movie do the books justice?
Thanks, tragedy and I just pray he makes it through okay.
How's your week?
What are you doing today as a result of EdCampColumbus?
What was your Monday takeaway?
RT : I may go eyeliner 4 my nxt management mtg.
Eyeliner could B the power tie of ths decade.
Or the next pink slip.
And thank you for hosting the forum today for the ArtPlace Vibrancy Indicators.
Loved the exchange.
Staff notes already exhanged.
Intrigued by basketball movie, that's a film I've got to figure out how to get an audition for lol.
St.
Patrick's day, we try  be Irish for the day by doctornking, what do they do in Ireland this day?
Go to Church...
shouldn't we follow suit!
Want to go out?
I have a boyfriend I have a math test tomorrow And?
Oh, I thought we were naming things we could cheat on.
time to look there then!
lol
silver Duncans Spurs are in town..
Go Spurs go
If you love something, let it go.
If it comes back, it was meant to be.
If it does not, hunt it down  kill it....
MOM ALWAYS SAID if you don't want to wake up alive in your grave regretting and crying don't sleep with anybody's husband or wife.
Sounds like it's based on the BBC show  in which a real life millionaire surprises people in need?
It's 1020 and I need a doctornk.
signsits timetorethinkmyjob
Everyone made me laugh today.
Great day!
Moebius has passed away.
His work was a big influence on me as a young wannabe artist.
TY and the same to you!
Trying to get down !
You know, good freaking out.
:
ImSexyAndIKnowIt cuz your girl told me
thanks for checking it out!!!
thank you for the tweet!
It was a great lecture!
Good night!
Gunna b up in like 5 hours for a full day of studying!
!!
Due to HIPPA laws, shouldn't rescue vehicles remove lights, sirens and reflective tape, so neighbors aren't privy to your medical emergency?
your not by yourself
Beautiful Sister, do you see yourself the way God sees you?
IDidntTextYouBack because you're asking fifty questions that has NOTHING to do with me, you, or what we're talking about.
RT Had an amazing workout!
4 words that go together so well!!
yeah 4 KIM
Decisions made out of fear can make a bad situation deadly.
Don't argue or fight w the police.
Let ur lawyer point it out later!
Life is the dancer and you are the dance.
Eckhart Tolle
i'm tweeting from the orthodontist chair ;
got home.
let's text?
We are asking all suppoters to wear a plain white Tshirt.
REMINDER, Today only!!20 OFF your purchase of: meat, grocery, produce and pastries...come in and shop at one of our 3 locations
you got some rum in that coke
Who's idea was it to give 100 youth campers PorkNBeans for dinner?
that's hilarious!
Love it up there.
My parents live on the NY side of Lake Champlain.
Enjoy
shut up.
I win
I am so proud and happy for and you guys chase your doctorams.
Your going to be big one day Inshallah
um, Yuck...im a vegetarian now
bfhebghegbevfalqbvfbtgwibvwubtwpmbnbgwjibgnkwenfdsnfbfndsnbfdkbgk i love u so much that im baffled 3
If I can't afford I buy used or borrow from library
Thanks.
Hope you were able to enjoy the sun!
Get on Badgercare and get it treated RT : Somehow I got a zit on my shoulder?
Fuckin', Scott Walker!!
Wow...you have many cats.
So happy!
At least you know where it is, but i don't know.
In my pjs.
Waiting for Nyla to get out of school so I can finish my hair.
I've lost five pounds.
Why does Canada keep all the Coffee Crisps for themselves?
DAMN YOU, NORTHERN ARCTIC BRETHREN!
Chris Kreider penalty.
you have had helped tremendously in the lives of teens!Thank u 4 ur dedication!
Check out www.thecn.con  c if it can help!
Interesting news!
MT : uploads at FTDNA in next 46 weeks for 50
I got something for you I found!
You are going to trip out when I get it to you!
It's game time!
Go VCU!
:
I'm a paralegal.
Don't you work at Target?
You hate your job don't you?
Yeah that's what I thought.
What are you doin with your life?My Mom
you better!
Soccer  tickets for US Men's Soccer games in Florida go on sale March 1 !!
I love how everyone in 's house runs and hides when there's a knock at the door.
Wanted like Minded Folks that Wants More for yourself,And family!
:
That awkward moment when you think someone was waving at you, so you wave back, then play it off like you were just scratchng your head.
Ahahah i hope prays for mahomies in North Carolina because there is one coming my way :
Goodbye GRap.
Love your style, love your smile.
Jump then Fall
follow me back?
:
happy birthday!
Hi Genevieve : Thanks for finding me and for the follow :
amazing job on the show OutlawEmpires!!
Can't wait for SOA to start again!!
Oh yeah...SUMMER JAM IS BACK!
JULY/21/CONSOL ENERGY CENTER!
HMU FOR DETAILS!!!
well if we're bringing parents into this then I just know your mom would love to know of your 420 activities :P
MT : This is My Jam: Brilliant idea, needs way more music choices.
Took me seven tries.
Mind you, Mingus  always good.
success is what you put into your own future.
Don't thank me yet, were almost there.......
Halftime here D B Milne Field....
11.
Fresno St 0!!!
alright sounds good
But when I get you to myself you know what's going down
ah C: its so cute;P
what about me asshole
Another update, they are changing our motor.
To give you a timeframe, well I can't do that.
Thanks
Just made it into San Antonio!
Speech for GFOA at 8:30 a.m.
Wake and bake.
:
Sometimes you have to give up on people.
Not because you don't care, but because they don't.
I go by the motto of do one thing a day that scares you  posting the blog with my progression pics and numbers scared the crap out of me
FREE doctorNKS TODAY  be among the first 5 people to say the secret word SHIPWRECK to the bartender and your first doctornk is free.
Mahalo
Although this is a day of great celebration WI did lose 2 great Senators.
Thank you Senators Kapanke  Hopper for standing up for my future!
this entire story is really incredible
It Worked!
Thanks!:
that and blue streak I love that movie
I'm wide awake.
Shep's taking your calls on the Lions doctorft.
Lots of love for Ryan Broyles over the weekend.
Thumbs up or Thumbs down?
248.848.1130.
: Wow then you look good probably than your age.
Ty Ơ.Ơ
Thanks Zuzanna!
Much appreciated!
Elise and Eddy will be the death of me!
She would be in the gym with me.
Before Wednesday is over, Welcome:
Just finished watching my favorite series of movies...Pirates of the Caribbean.
You gotta love Jack Sparrow.
Congrats on then new job.
You will have to visit us sometime.
You can just stop on your way up to Pop!
The Jayhawks may have lost last night, but they had a better season than was predicted.
What moment of this season was your favorite?
listening to doctoramchaser 2 every track is the same song lol meek mill aint as good as you think until he puts that talent to use.
We need 70 more followers to get to 200!!: and make sure you also follow ..
They follow back!!:D
Autumn  awesome!
Pumpkin Painting n' freshpopped corn today.
48 pm in the Village.
May you taste the sweetest pleasures that fortune ere bestowed, and may all your friends remember all the favors you are owed.
Irish toast
Thank You Beth!
You Rock!!
You can dm now man .
I cant dm you my twitter is trippin
Why do conservative conferences always involve cruise to Caribbean?
Sounds like Elder Hostel tour.
Give me Buenos Aires or Fez.
Whaahoo!
Great mood
Thanks Charter.
Freaking biggest baseball series of the year and your HD digital feed in Wausau is crap.
If I never went on twitter Matt Kemp never would have hit that home run.
Not yet.
Miami hols first!
: Heather and Seth are organizing goodbye bash for me on the 20th I think.
Will you be around?
WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I miss my ex boyfriend
slice of lemon, cover it in angostura burgers.
Bite into it and leave for 10 seconds.
Trust me, works every time.
Congrats.
It was awesome to see one of my favorite shows win.
Idk what to do with myself
So is following me now...
That's it.
That's the joke.
I'll do better next time.
girl what da hell u going thru?
finally flips hair sumone understands me flips hair nd rolls eyes
what happen to in philippines
thought you were just on the production side of things...
you want to come in and workout at jis tomorrow?
Hahaha be sneaky like a ninja!!!
You are as real as your hair extensions.
u stay doin that anyway
PXYSJ:  far.
Another superstar announcement with tomorrow!
Although ONCE UPON A TIME was never bad, I had sorta grown tired of the show.
Now is the time to give it a second look before Fall.
remember when you used to tweet fans
Hey, your momma is a porpoise!
ABC News talking about dolphin bullies.
Oh, shit!
Proof that I'm an O.G.
hipster.
Such awesome news : This one will be in this history books.
: Not putting a case on your iPhone YOLO
it was good!
:
I have a necklace of the face symbol it's so badass!
Time to march!
smh I'm saying tho they heard all of it too.
dude workin pissed I bet he really thought he was whispering lol
glad your pic wasn't from inside that hole!
i don,t hate italy but i was not born there my mom and dad was born there
thanks for hanging with me.
What day are you moving?:
merry christmas  Night
GIRLS:If you think your the best,hottest,prettiest wel then i think your UGLY.
What makes a girl beautiful?
A beautiful heart
if you ever come to my job you would think its a all girls school they dont do nothing but bitch and fuss all day
LOVE!
Happy Friday!
jeandujardin killing it on the red carpet!
Feels like the Badgers really hit a new gear yesterday.
Hope the Pack can do the same today!
Get out there and get moving!
May 22nd SCR Will Be Performing Live at Kennywood Park  1pm!
So Come Down and Enjoy Great Rides  Good Music !
burger achieved at Off Site Kitchen, good luck with your burger journey :
the things we do.
It's just crazy.
This is why we're bestfriends.
: Love you.
3
its fine.
I feel so bad for her!!:
I just saw it...
very cool my friend.
I like the 2 guitars!
:o
Was able to get Row L for doctoram Theater after trying a different card.
Black Clouds and Silver Linings today...
what about that one from Jekyll and Hyde?
At the end of the first half in Philly its Mammoth 10  Wings 7.
THAT WAS A NASTY DUNK!
starring Ryan gosling?
when will you be back?!?
because, I love ME
First Day And Last On The Job As Ad Copy Writer: New Irish SpringLike A Swift Kick In The Balls.
Future got them hooks 2chainz got them verses they should collab RT : Future or 2chainz?
Who's better and why?
please pittsford close your schools...I don't wanna go to dance tonight
JustRememberThat I would've waited for you, your little 16 year old floosy won't.
What did Soulja Boy really tell em?
Morning...I passed my portfolio I am gonna graduate
Wish I was there to enjoy the day with you, Doc!
Hope you hit them well!
yes, dear, it is.
I should finish around 5 your time
Maybe they were doing a practice run to make sure all Super Bowl planning activities go smoothly next week.
Im prolly the only one pullin for the Spurs lol.
It feels good outside.
wow jamelle they are REALLY coming out of the woodwork; so frustrating but also so revealing.
I enjoyed having at the Congressional Forum.
Great downtoearth guy!
2 bad he's a Dem LOL.
Fdoctors S.O.B.
was Anastasio Somoza García of Nicaragua who ruled from 1936 until his assassination in 1956.
Done.
See, Twitter is bringing people together!
:
Ai shite imasu I love you
: Hey have you ever noticed the word bed looks like a bed!?
first hunter will fuck your bitch.
Then educate her.
Dear uk haters, we are super man and you are kryptonit.
You try to bring us down but yall never succeed.
Stead of a murderer of lil' darlins, how 'bout maker of elegant word machines?
Your job?
Remove xtra parts, recycle if possible.
Cheryl Trujillo board member Zanbeelart interviews South Asian American Art Festival 2008, artist participant Siona Benjamin.
Finally back in America and on our way home.
What a great trip to start off a summer full of vacations!
Yeah, you got it!
Nice job!
And you'd be happy as hell to get a record deal, maybe a soul you'd sell to have Mass Appeal R.I.P.
You smile.
I smile.
Scoring plays, big plays and final score.
true story!
Ah i love my bestfriend3
My 2 simple sanity requests for the day: I need 20 minute to finish the book borntorun and then I need 1 hr to go for a run.
you put the  sign and then their username.
I remember it was the one from Ghostbusters.
Guess I forgot the name of the song!
Thought I had it.
Underrated soundtrack.
It's an experience!
teh don't forget the sunblock!
I'm going to hate myself in about 6 hours...
Was there a shortage of artists tonight?
Imma have to ask that if u subtweet me  me kmsl !!!!!
I totally just caught rasheeda 's subtweet from like 9 hours ago 
I need a fucking gas mask Everytime I walk by that place
wooohooo!
Welcome back!

you should go with the charge.
its been out for a while, and it's going to be discontinued and outdated soon.
Good luck with your project
I referred Joyce Paisley Photography to your site this week.
She loves it!
You should have received an email from her.
Smfh ...
it starts all over again
I could go for a right about now!
been craving one for days
Men who have class know what they want ..
3
Is it weird that I've never doctornk Jameson?
Dancing with the Stars is on right now!Woahh new season!
I'm also a hair stylist....
Hehe love yew...
Getting ready for the Tigers game.
We'll find out if Fister really is that good and our defense has to be better tonight.
Let's go Tigers!
Virtue is really a cultural phenomenon.
The virtues of some are the vices of other.
people come and go, we shouldn't dwell in the past but move on with our lives.
Things always happen for a reason.
srsly, how annoying would it be if every time you touched your phone, someone on the other end touched back?!
cc/
looks like it's back to Lincolnwood Town Center.
Can't find the watch!
: UGH UGH UGH!
:
I wanna go to 's book tour for thefamegame in Naperville but I can't!!!
:
Twitter followers: Receive 25 off any one item in store by using code phrase I shop local!
during purchase.
Deal good thru 11/30/11.
My mom sent me meat in the mail for Easter.
My mom is the best mom.
That moment when u n ur mate laying in the bed n u pass gas quietly n u put ur head under the cover to c if it smell lol
Shake it up baby now, twist n shout ;
if you were a booger, i'd pick you first.
Every man's doctoram is to be able to sink into the arms of a woman without also falling into her hands.
W.yeldahgoods.com.
happy international beer day.
you've still got a little while.
lol working for under armour apparently.
As if getting off the plane was that important.
Jackass
not tonight
Pay phone is my new song
Now you're just somebody that I use to know 
Bristol, TN, here we come :
The bruins are getting a lot of pent up anger tonight.
CHRISTEL SHALL BE OOVOOED AT MY NEXT HOUSE SHOW!
What me and are making isn't fair
Thanks GOTG!
Hope to see your stilettos and flats at The Red Rabbit soon.
Cocktails, anyone?
EVERYONE.
IS.
DATING.
STOP IT GUYS
Hey did you bring enough breasts for the rest of the class?
And w/ a female presidential candidate RT The largest general election campaign in the history of Mexico, starts tomorrow
They have not.
I'd like to believe that I'm a very special snowflake, thank you very much :P
I warned E when he left on a trip to SF not to come home a coffee snob.
His first text from the city: I'm a coffee snob
First home game is tomorrow.
Come out and support at University Stadium against Texas Tech.
TV: The Mtn/6PM MST
ALA2011 RE: Google points out that according to Google TOS users must be age 18 and older  18 which is same TOS for Gmail
I think it has potential to be an image problem for the program.
Easy for schools to negative recruit agaisnt
luck?
fate?
who to follow list?
dnt really know.
Back on my time.
I just finished a 3.00 mi run with Nike GPS.
Brownies are done!
It's Pay doctorrrroooooo
no food, what am I gonna do?!
Want to know why I'm cool?
Because i told myself i was at a young age.
Right back at you!
Thanks!
Oddly, my fave place is San Francisco is also called Coffee Bar.
No relation, but great food, coffee  workspace.
that wouldn't have happened to
Stomach flu or food poisoning?
Trying to decide :/
My only doctoram is that yours never come true.
y'all gone learn!!!
my media lit course is gonna be the bestest this semester, thanks in part to inspiration from
Tattoo my name on you if you dumb as hell..cause that shit dont mean shit to me.
I mean, you aint shit but a dick to me.
: Tweetin about bein alone on Happy Valentines Day is why youre alone on Valentines Day.
Insecurity isnt attractive.
Be bold
thanks for networking!
: see ya around 7pm my brother.
Damn i want to go to a Pacers game so i can watch LeBron play!
Treating myself to some web site design this morning.
I didn't believe you until I looked it up on my cell phone.
You were right.
the long two, when by design, seems terrible because most likely could have gotten a higher EV 3pt shot.
cause i may be bad but im perfectly good at it.
;
followfriday an amazing band from Virginia Beach, VA.
If you want a new song for the weekend...
check out their single Daylight
Thanks for the RT
No worries.
Just wanted to let you know.
oh...
Stay.
Lol
No dessert and no wine?!?
All sounds a bit convenient
everything that happens in romanow's class 
Hey!
Yeah we should defiantly :D
gotta love Moms
Greetings on Lazarus Saturday!
May God help us all prepare to be resurrected as he was!
Lord, help us.
I'll tell you, I just can't wait for Apple's education announcement next week, even if it's already after everyone's semesters have started.
Watching What A Way to Go!....
One of my alltime favorite movies!
Just picked up at O'Hare!
Ready to rock Chicago tonight at 7:30pm!
If your hungry for burgers there is simply no place better then BDW's for dinner
Vectorworks at aia2012 May 1719th.
Come by booth 2009 and see our new products!!!!
People who are unable to motivate themselves must be content with mediocrity.
Spoke this afternoon to USSEA in Parkersburg to discuss school service employee issues.
Steak Fry fundoctoriser tonight for Glen Dale Baseball
Okay see you guuurrl...Twerk that Party!
; Congrats  what a gig!
Every summer, Carlee Guthrie celebrates her birthday with a customized cake depicting a swirling hurricane, crafted from colorful icing.
Samsung pulling away from Apple in smartphone market
So leave me and my wonderfully amazing boobs/nipples alone!
LOL
you do?
:3 thanks.
but why?
..
That was a Devil Wears Prada reference, and I will spend tomorrow undercover.
That's the story of the game.
No forced fumbles or INTs.
We need some defensive momentum if we want to pull this out.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my doctorams!ily guys
Can we all just acknowledge that everyone looks like a moron when they are clapping.
No one comes off as an especially intelligent clapper
YOUR SCARING ME.
Yr so funny!
Guessing this has somethig to do with this wonderful Spring rain?
SportingKC cauldoctorn is amazing tonight...goodbye Colorado!
thanks for the follow!
your voice is amazing
RT : Buffett on PE investing: I think it's more interesting to buy businesses to keep rather than to sell
SNL kind of Saturday night!
Nothing is work unless you'd rather be doing something else.
George Halas.
Im Stuck.
CSS Jax is looking for an Accounts Payable Rep 1113 an hour.
www.contemporarystaffing.com
There's a lot of shit in the past I wouldn't mind changing, but on the bright side I learned from all that shit.
Every man dies.
Not every man really lives.
William Ross Wallace
OH YEAH.
Kay..
so precious!
coming to Love4Haiti!
All sales will be donated.
Good morning, Portland!
: I guess you really must be upset if you cursed after attending church.
So...
hello  wish you a great day!
lol
Up early jammin to this jeezy
We have a few main topics in today's chat.
Q1  Audience expectations of online  onsite experiences.
Q2  connectors.

Palm Sunday!
PraiseGOD!
Finally home and getting into my own bed...
Think I'm sleeping in...
Night Everyone!
Love is the best thing in the world.
do tell!
I've been curious
Want us to come to a town near you??
let us know where
Pompa: must ensure equality of access and maintain title I and I funding.
Haha yup yup I see you up too!
Fist tap
Every boat owner should read this!
Last summer we watched with tears in eyes as a tuber tore up our glassy bay for hours!
I never realized how cheesy teachers posters can be..
What a workout!!!
Many sore muscles today!
Changed up my routine.....Change is good but OUCH!
lol better get on ya passport game try and catch up
The toilet roll war  Stratford Star The toilet roll war Stratford Star Why not just string Christmas lights around it next time?
Married
Most of the wives of white male comic book artists/writers I know are pretty cool human beings.
I think all chairs in cafe's and fastfood resturants are that bad!
You need to bring your own pillows to sit in them!
Jus stapled my finger.
Where does the time go..
would you ever go skydiving?
I'm still happy.
Thanks DeLiGhT
The more I listen to album Insides, the more I truly appreciate the continuity of it.
Classes r over!!
schoolsout 2nite come vibe  the venue w/
I'm stop smoking
Warning zach that is my Chochalte cake on the counter !!
Touch it I'll kill yu
Sometimes it's more important to be human than to have good taste.
BERTOLT BRECHT Hope you had a great holiday, have an even greater day!
The Spurs opened the second season looking rested and healthy, beating the Utah Jazz 10691 on Sunday afternoon at the ATT Center.
I hate when people respond to an email without actually addoctorssing any of the points/questions you asked.
I think that cleanse will help!
We just need to find one more person.
Totally in love with that owl Dakota.
I'd steal him too.
And kiss him.
And love him.
And get sick to my stomach as he regurgitates mice..
Careful!
Monkey's Paw hears that kind of talk and you'll be on the other side of the wall.
Im so bored.
omfg.
did you really have to cry?
IfITellYou You'd Wish I'd Never Told You.
do u think that's a good or bad thing?
Seeing the crowd for the show going on now is just freaking awesome!
Another day of racing.
Criterium today.
Wednesday Sean Special...free blowdoctor with the purchase of 3 products from the Quenching, Mending or Thickening lines!
were you honest when you said, i can never leave your bed?.
Whatd you name your bird?
85 degrees today and i'ts kayaking weather; we are headed to the Lake Lewisville greenbelt.
So..
we bouta hit up the pool .
.
in the rain .
.
can u say pneumonia ?
aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhha 
not off the top of the head, i can ask around.
what would it entail?
I met him after the show..
:
The sweet life of Zack and Cody is the only show with smart blonds and a dumb asian Oo
Kobe coaching his team wow, he motivating them to pass pass the ball!
and will see you at ROC City Rising tomorrow!
Look for the rental market guide in your swag bags!
HAchat RT : What is this Chat called and when is it always held?
I have enjoyed it.
Stocks DN in early going.
Retail reports below expectations, new jobless claims DN by the most in 3 months.
There's a direct correlation between the rising food costs and energy costs.
Let's move forward and sustain
Feeling Beauty: A Neuroscientific Framework for Understanding why the Arts may be Sisters w/ G.
Gabrielle Starr 2/23 Grad.
Center 68pm
thank you for everything.
Tell Ryan hello.
Matt Kemp has more homers than 2 MLB teams.
Of course one of them is the Cubs.
Of course.
Happy birthday!
Agreed.
After his performance in the second half of last season, we thought LeGarrette Blount would have a much better '11.
FUCK YOU ALL.
Thanks !
RT Happy Int'l Women's Day!
Shoutout to some ladies rocking in the biz world!
Score polk county 2 orl 0 top of the 4th inning watch live  www.doublediamondbaseball.com at Bishop Field
thats true hopefully the actual one is better!
What order are they gonna put groups in tm?
I can't tell if I'm watching the Michigan vs MSU game or a Delaware vs South Florida game.
GoBlue!
Yesterday, the Metra completely screwed me over.
Today, I have a feeling it's the CTA's turn.
Ugh.
screamo and techno put together is omg the best!!!
:D
Happy Easter...a lil late.
3
welcome to the ravens nation!!!
Ministry.
Totally Ministry.
We love creating POTent, Yummy edibles for patients to cope with what ails them.
Spreading the feelgood all for you!
ya that would be so kewl!
maybe we could meet up and try to find her like wheres waldo lmfao
that's my girlfriend lol
One is not born a woman, one becomes one.
Simone de Beauvoir
Keep moving runners Royals yankees v
I finally get through all the treats and sweets from the holidays, and guess what?...it's Girl Scout cookie season.
Great.
We have a furniture refinisher at our office today....the smell is really, really strong.
are u going to tweet me back at all?
It was great seeing you at dish2011.
Missed saying goodbye  catching up on SMKdigital and non.
To be continued at mw2012!
riovegas....
On my way to Vegas inthree days.
Haven't been in 2 years.
Best new places to eat?
New sights to see?
Thx
Scoops have a 15second life span
I got an iced mocha  a power outlet.
I'm all set.
happens to me ALL the time!!
I tried to get to the Leyton years but every other couple on that show is a damn snoozefest
RT : via Ontario: Catholic Schools Restoring Libraries: Controversial Decision Revisited
Mysterious library guy asks us what we're studying, immediately blurts out PIZZA!!!!
...library guy walks away.
In Propria Persona  In his or her own person
Thank you!!
Loved your book...btw!!!
follow for a chance to win a UK AUTOGRAPH!!
Shots shots shots shots shots shots shots shots!
Perfect way to start the weekend.
Headshots, that is!
Agree!
: There should be a req that all new construction in downtown Seattle come w/rain awnings over any adjacent sidewalks
Who knew that would harm everything so much.
am finishing up the Oakland Arts information package.
Looking for local artist soon...
Watch him play like shit since all eyes will be on him
Thanks for all of the follows!
Been a slow summer but auditions are picking up and BreakAdoctoram is going to be posting more sad stories!

As will all of the middleclass and poor Americans that make the mistake of voting Republican.
Eating dinner at Chillis.
Bunky's Cafe on Atwood Ave.
Those folks know how to cook!
Amused by headline from Boise State: Commencement Ceremony Features Pesky Teaching Awards.
hahahahaha hell yeah
Seth, I'm here with would love to chat after presentations about your properties' social media efforts.
All my hoes got Jordan skills, they fade away
Is RedbookParty the same as ?
Haha.
: Thanks for the retweet!
Posted a new song: We Do It Like Oww by JBenton ft.
BlaQ
Glad I didn't make the trip to FL for this though, would've been depressing.
Everywhere but friggin TV/radio or magazine which is all I want!
RT: you have worked EVERYWHERE!!
U a hustla
I would give my first born and a box of triscuits for some Starbucks right about now
Kevin Garnett calling out the Hawks owner was good stuff, and truth cause he lit them up.
Don't forget!
Save 100 on any event when you book by the end of January!!!
WhyWouldYouCheatIf your girl is .
I can understand if u only have a poster size Taraji.
Thanks, we just got a professorle pic up.
Listening to interviewing live at
FF recommendations!
Our Gr8t ClearedJobFair customers: U R The best!
what's more fun that sitting all alone in the history department?
Pretty much everything
So ur out of jail ur free ur rehibilitted how u been ...
u got my money motherfucker
I am listening to dylanradio.com Thanks to Pete in Canada
Tomorrow's Monday!
Which means..new Chi!
TLIS!
WWWYKI!
nice.
Read a similar story on importance of space exploration.
Trying to make my speech more exciting.
Oomf Had To Have His Last Name.
feel like I slept 2 seconds 
the body of a girl but the mind of a guy.
Shot out to the dude that cooked my porkchop tonight!!
Cleaning the bone
THANK YOU are BEAUTIFUL FLOWER
More than 85 of connected Xbox 360's have already downloaded content from Xbox Live Marketplace.
Whether your working or enjoying the Cinco de Mayo festivities, have a wonderful and safe weekend.
Digitalmedia is where engaging media messaging lie.
How can brands connect to users in a way that intrigues them and makesaprofessort?
OMG JULIE'S WATER BROKE!
Over Easy?
: Mine too.
haha I need to learn to make food other than breakfast stuff though :c lol
Damn all these cuties wit nice bodies fuck I needa get on my shit
Looking for segments for our weekly Twin Cities Live pitch meeting tomorrow....any ideas?
Think food, fashion and fun!
I want to shoot people
Love your costumes!!!
Congrats to third ward team for winning the contest!
Happy Halloween :
hm....wonder who this is referring to?
;P hahaha
Let's go Rice!
RT It wasn't pretty, but Rice pulls out win against U of H, 43.
Let's win series tomorrow.
cc :
There are 612 Time Capsules; we just opened 355 this week!
thanks for proving is live and u r human.
Staff from marketing dept.
toured our labs this morning.
Thanx ladies for the great ideas abt raising our public professorle!

But Al is ALL ABOUT showing off his fake boobs.
Its2012WhyYouStill on myspace
oh I know.
hootesuite is the bomb.
Tick tick.
nice!
be sure to share with the team!
mister : Just discovered a column edit feature on that is blowing my mind
you'd get more accurate world news from a 6yearold
bout to smoke and chill
OMG.
Can you really survive one year like that?
3 Everything I Do Comes Back To Me by Daredevil Christopher Wright so much history wrapped up in melodies.
St.
Patty's Day Sip  Shop  Pearls Couture Sat.
michael jackson is dead
I wonder how much they will go for on eBay...
All y'all know y'all done had sex while ya baby in bed sleep.
When the baby wake up y'all play sleep.
lol
Don't forget to come to the Crawfordsville Easter Egg Hunt on the grounds of the Lew Wallace Study tomorrow at 1!
random meat
Thank god all these bottles I popped, All this paper I been gettin', All these models I popped!
Whoop!
Lol I felt left out.
Girl been on tht trip shit for the past few days..she's always worrying bout another b.tch  not herself
doctornking Diet Pepsi
Riding through Los Angeles blasting that trap girl
he was talking to our favorite volunteer about the Jazz styles of Steely Dan the other day.
I wanted to cut myself.
: everybody cool knows everybody cool true story!!
I wanna fuck so good...sry just being honest!
Lol
just made a glass of chocolate milk
Last class of the semester for this guy
Why is Twitter powerful?
27.3 Million tweets a day.
Why is Facebook powerful?
Over 500 Million users.
Youtube?
Over 1 billion videos a day.
Thanks for following!
Enjoy your day.
Where did you get yours?
I like them to be cute and have enough space to write on each day.
Any suggestions?
And there's a blue jay, breaking everything up.
I'm going to call him Martin Luther.
Jerry forgot his headphones
What would I liked to have been?
Everything you hate.
A small part of me wishes I never met you...
Would love to be there!
Enjoy your day and check out
Got a bowling alley in my head!
I met her!
makes me sick how sum people think picking a fragrance cap is stressful
Adam, I also founded Let me know once you start working for a Philly restaurant..
thanks
Definitely had a good Sunday.
Same to you :
Just finished 1st Mass Effect...
So epic, cant wait to start on the 2nd one!!!
Is it better then 1?
Meet me tonight st 7:30 for cajun and music!
:
twitter app on my phone is craz
Busting my a like usual.
Fixing the BM now...
Have a great day!!!!!!!!!!
Impressive.
Updated artist meta data for an album in iTunes and it instantly appeared on my phone.
Inventory hasn't even started yet and the problems we've known about for months are causing problems
When employees get lost in the organizational career maze, they may take their careers in their own hands and vote with their feet....
When I pulled my hamstring I went to a misogynist.
I've been very interactive on Twitter today.
Don't get used to it.
Um, that's an amazing statement.
An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory.
Ralph Waldo Emerson
CRYING CRYING THIS FLAWLESS TEAM
checking out some cool exhibits.
BEST...
SHOW...
EVER
Hey where you been???
Haven't heard from you since we spoke about the music conference in Washington DC lol what's your email?
Time for some Tigers baseball.
I don't know how to relax
Press Conference going on right now RI.P.
WHITNEY
If looks could kill, you'd be a murderer
am i remembering this wrong or was some like little girl killed for burning a poster of justin bieber earlier this year?
whats your problem with the eastern and central time zones?
yep!
I was working from there!
OMG yes.
She is AWFUL.
I don't know how she made it this far!
RT I can't stand Lindsay Paveo!
What a terrible voice!
NFL's Philadelphia Eagles tap mobile for instadium marketing
I hope you caused a scene
Found jeans at Old Navy, was informed that they were on sale for 2.48, then was informed I acted like I won the lottery.
I pickup D.
Lowe yesterday  he gets me a complete game shutout.
Doesn't quite make up for Kemp going on the DL after rosters locked.
Is the father of the girl Thor falls in love with the guy that is controlled by Loki in The Avengers?
If your a doctorke fan,
yea it's been long so did u go to Dallas
He stole my heart, so now I'm gonna steal his last name
Thanks for the reply.
would love to go
Most of us fall in to one of two roles: 1 you are a creative professorssional or 2 you need creative professorssionals to do your job.
I love my DVR!
I'm taping Bobbi Kristina's interview, army wives and RHOA.
Everybody's dancing crazy...
Yoga Explorers was a big hit!
Thanks to the kids for bringing your parents!
loved it!
i love this pic of you ;
To honor the 100th anniversary of the Titanic, EdiblesRestaurant will be serving Iceberg lettuce.....
u figured this tech stuff out.
U smart, kind , and important
: It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
Henry David Thoreau
Taylor swift cough cough ; : writing songs with a very cool artist today :
Congrats Bill!
RT : the interrupters.
!!
C'est Ouf !!
I hope you don't cry tonight love!
UNFPA, UNICEF, IPPF would be well served if they provided their youths a basic biology course.
Valid.
I'm just too lazy to make/find another.
If at first you don't succeed....try, try and try again.
And in my case...fail, fail and fail again.
:/
100 MFs cant tell me nothing!
I BEEZ in the Trap I BEEZ xs 2 in the Trap ....
I can't believe tonight is that last episode of Desperate Housewives.
sosad 
Once there was an ugly duckling , then one day she looked into the mirror and realized...
she was a swan..
if I was down there I'd be showing u how to skip line!!
Rochester stop into the shelter tomorrow and visit all out friends available for adoption!
I have to say: I want to hear more about that brisket!
MICHAEL......What am I going to do with you.
: This is the best chicken and cheese biscuit i have ever had!
alyssa just fucking go the fuck away all you do is cuz problems!
you fake ass bitch!
Looking forward to Library Development Conf in Flagstaff
Gonna try to go back to sleep
Day 2 in Israel on Birthright 2.0 begins.
Off to an Ethiopian absorption center in the north after an AMAZING day in Tel Aviv.
where you been at bro
Thank you for letting us know; we will inform our IT Manager immediately.
J.V.O
I'm not your friend anymore ....and I really don't care ..cuz u wasn't to much of a friend anyway.
Dueces
You're also slacking on a follow, lol.
:
I almost feel bad that I am an organ donor
Vancouver man hit and killed by a swerving car, while changing his wife's tire off I5.
State patrol says doctorver was distracted
I love my bed
Talk to me
Any chance of catching tonight's SMCA meeting for folks that couldn't watch it live?
Damn, da East got the stars, but the West got the team...
you would have no life
Loo IM DYIINGGg!!!
Tracey Gets A Goal....actually tracey could probably score on Bryz
I FB stalked you  saw his pic  cutie!
I'm sure the love outweighs the murder feelings.
He's still getting used to his new home!
10thingsihate people wearing fake shit and acting like they the shit!
sorry, i keep RTing you.
HAHA but, you gotta love THG
oh bummer!!
I feel like that's something I would do too.
When does next season debut?
The last two episodes were great.
These photos allow us to see ourselves at distance  thru another's eyes  the other within us, perhaps the root of sociability
Hi kkalafatis, thanks for following!
Chris Brook just said: how about Dillinger Escape Plan B?
background: we're watching that band and they suck.
hard.
In addition, the same share finds that mobile messages coming from businesses that have their permission are useful.
RT : Q5 If you were to provide advice to a new instructional designer, whatwould it be?
can you all check your emails again please.
RT : The polish Peyton displayed in 1993, as a kid, you saw today.
The 3 Manning brothers are a tribute to Archie and Olivia
Just finished another hour of therapy on the shoulder, now its time for a nap : Rehab is HARD work!!
Any bangovers this morning from yesterday???
Two B1G teams go down tonight.
Guess IU needs to change things.
Time to get busy on
man people play to much..
smh...
Bands Artists Musicians Sign up to Http://www.Dagnomusic.com today sell your music and you keep 100 of your sales!
Just submitted v2.0 of eJournal to app store.
Now a universal app for 2.99.
Password protection and many other features added!
Avail soon
do the best you can...
catch up later, if needed
R.I.P Dick Clark
Got no sleep last night but woke up this morning wide awake!!!
thanks for the follow!
Harbaugh on Suggs injury: Everything Terrell said about it from my understanding has been right on.
love you too lil sister
all we can do is support the best candidate!
Being forced to watch Ads before a video I can take...
but when that video refuses to play after those Ads...
isn't that akin to theft?
Once you have really hurt someone, it will always be in the back of their mind even if they still have a smile on their face.
Checking in beer at work.
All day errday
The 950 seems a more mundane less doctormatic commuter choice.
Nice WaPo story from Stearman survuvor A.
Halsey
it means you are safe from the purgatory of bad Childoctorn's music, for now.
Pair vs.
Pair: Pair The App Is Getting Sued By Pair Networks, The ...
I need more followers RT if u do too
To Do: dinner, catch up on tv shows, blog, and more twitter!
Blog topic tonight is about twitter and museums, will tweet when posted
yes, doctorwning our sorrows is definitely in order.
hahahaha  O K A Y x
: Im sick of Blake Griffin with all this flopping bs.
The rangers are insane right now!!
I see some Liars
Stop glorifying Che, dude was a psycho.
Linda are u not going to Bill's wedding?!
I think I am just going to start addoctorssing all SLPs as Ninja since they are obviously interchangeable!
There was an array of colors of mankinis today at Bikram yoga.
Meow
Grammy voting members receive elitist propaganda sent out on behalf of Neil Portnow regarding revamped financially viable music categories
Don't forget to answer our question True or False and be entered to win a plush throw.
RT and get a second entry.
For your convenience we have added a toll free reservation number 1 888 581 4446
I agree Doose.
Apparently I shouldn't follow either.
Jerk.
Facials Try our amazing CEsta Facial for winter skin and get 20.00 off any Jan Marini Skin care product of your choice 75.00
Soon.
Shows next month : john!
any news on when they are giving out backstage passes!
please im desperate :
Interested in restoring hope in New Orleans this summer?
Check out the great program offered by our TeenLifeLIVE sponsor !
I been to hell  back  made it back fine
Oh.
My.
Fucking.
Goshh.
Thank.
Craig.
It's.
Friday.
is it on tv?
Wishing you all a Happy Mothers Day!
: Near death?
I think you need to take your turn at the debate desk.
And checking out a new coffee shop.
Thanks for the recommendation!
RT Coworkingwith makes for a lovely afternoon!
My problem with Black Widow is that she's fucking boring.
Holy shit, is she ever boring.
: I'm coming to visit you guys today!!
See you soon!
:
Dont let me find out...lol RT : Pharrell is a vampire.
A sexy one.
The library is a lonely place since students have forgotten how to do research using books.
The sound of slumbering books.
New SHINS album Port of Morrow out today on CD and LP.
Come by it at any of our locations and receive a free exclusive limited acoustic EP!
when are you NOT horny?
lifts ass in air ;
So happy that you are super well !
Hoping one of these days I'll get to see you in person!
dupont circle has tons of choices depending on price point and taste.
I wouldn't miss an opptrotunity to eat at Afterwords.
StupidStereotypes how bout all stereotypes are stupid!?!?!
IM BLASTING TFERA AND DANCING LIKE A GOOD OL FUCKAAA SCARIN MY MOM I NEED MENTAL HELP AWW YEEAH
First talks with director Scott Dobbie of Marina Beach Films for Music video of Straight To The Top.
VERY EXCITED
thanks for the RT!
PROMETHEUS is on the cover of the I just plucked from my mailbox.
ZQUEEEEL!
Cal had me for a split minute.
Guess what!
Spots are still left on the AllStars tour and...
one spots left on warped tour!
SIGN UP TODAY!
Great meeting with all the Business Services folks in Aberdeen today  we have a great team!
There needs 2 be more help 4 Gay males/females dealing w/ thoughts of suicide!
Suicide is 2 Real...
I get it now
Sam Jones is better than Michael Jordan.
Good morning!
We're spending our Monday working on marketing.
What are you doing?
Coffee and Brownies?
Why not?
I'm dangerously dull and uncontrolled.
This is our world now.
Thank you as well!
I love seeing the verse novel genre alive  well and so many great books being published in verse.
This is what we get for letting go.
Just saw the display at the Santa Monica Nordstrom!
Love it!
Lit Brick  Jane Eyre
OKC can S my D
About to do the finishing touches on a new dubstep track so be on the lookout fo it!!!!!
Nice to see so much momentum for !
Interesting he has 2X amount of friends on FB than Demaio.
you wonder if this speeds up his timetable for issuing a written decision in Braun case?
Today was a success.
What a great party tonight.
So much fun!
Thank you everyone and good night :
damn, he's not going to be pleased about the new logo then that is coming....
Lakerz Playoff Game Central  Sandbar Lounge Long Beach.
2 Brews 3 doctornks 1 Pool Table.
710 West Willow Ave Long Beach 90806
Happy Birthday
That's what I'm talking about Duper!
Go Pens!
We are taking a sucking void and filling it with our artcocks.
if its a tossup for the position...the relationships u can build in state promising a better chance maybe are worth it...
Yea I know..u r restricting urself to CLE right?
If I did that I'd still be looking!
But got great opp  position in Dayton
I fucks with you
Woohoo!!
RT : Can't wait to have dinner with the queen Tomorrow night!
iono I ant think that was posibule
When you forgive, you in no way change the past  but you sure do change the future
Hey my name is big t I'm about to be on MTV haha
You left a mark
I lied.
I was too sore to run today.
So I just walked the 3mile loop around our subdivision.
It was a beautiful day for it.
Good time Luxury Expo this weekend!
Thanks to everyone that showed up!
We had a great weekend!
Check ur email Big Bro
The early bird may get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Dex: Boners: Standing up for what they believe in!!!
Me: OMG, ur mind is in the gutter today!!

Correction does much, but Encouragement does more.
Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
way to stick up for your players chris guccione called a bad game at first
Are apps free?
haha yea no video call :P izzy
Morning Twitter World!
; How r u?
RT : The fam loves my Mac  Cheese made with Cabot reducedfat cheddar!
delish!
fridayreads The Revenant by Sonia Gensler !!!!
So excited!!!!
BarkAtBilas How come ESPN doesn't have the match up comparison option this year on the brackets?
Big problem...
Well at least there is still my 100 chance of getting a signed copy of John Green's next book.
YAY FOR POSITIVES
Today was ehhhhh....
Massage alone is proven to not only reduce stress, but decrease anxiety, enhance sleep quality and improve concentration
Watching Gnomeo  Juliet has made me want to buy even more gnomes.
Also flamingos and Braveheart bunnies.
Wish my shoulder  neck didn't hurt wahwahwah complain 
Only about 1 hr or so work left on paper.
That was 3 hrs ago.
hahah I LOVE YOU SCOUT!
you would love it!
Not to mention, our friends at are based right here in Indy.
Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs.
Henry Ford
the person I despise with a passion sits next to me in history.
and we have to be partners for a presentation.
I had to do all the work.
.
Had it the last few days.
Once I think I'm over it, it returns.
I'm starting to hate getting up early
Been at it trying to open up these .pdf files for the longest .
Who Wants To Talk?:
If you fall in love with two people, stick with the 2nd one...
Obviously, you weren't in love with the first one...3
Andoctor 3000 shouldn't even be compared with the likes of Beyonce or J.
Cole
what happened?
well doctorke and iPhones don't like u either
Our thoughts exactly!
Why does she act so salty all the time now?
She used to be my fave real housewife.
You know who I'm talking about.
I want her to txt me on this long as ride
Brandon Burrell's birthday party tonight!
Shout to my bro de lo mio k lo k
Tami is crazy..
i know that liquor done wore off by now
That's right Ryan.
Express that anger through threes.
endorse RT New revenue stream: Tax gaudy fan gear and those who wear it.
Jersey's no, helmets that have sunshades and horns.
YES
It's almost 9PM here.
Studying in the tub haha taking a bath  study...good idea..bad idea??
Idk this is the first time ive studied al year
needs followers .haha :P
Made it to work thru the snow.
.
.
the return trip home will be interesting to say the least!
my home girl is in that video
Miley Cyrus is upset a company has made a sex doll in her likeness.
Her dad is mad because he didn't think of it first.
Sixty dollars?
Hello?
Rich people?
Troy's joining you.
Yes, I'll hold.
Too many chiefs, not enough indians.
I use a Canon multifunction printer and it does all that in a small form factor.
Mine is a few years old, MX310
I've seen mister McFeely too and he does look like the same young lad as during his Speedy Delivery days.
cant listen to the radio anymore CAN NOT DO
Food n work n baseball
we did for the Yankees game.
Not this one...due to sitter for my youngest
too late , boo boo
I just want 2 egg rolls !
The world can be scary..so you have to put everything in prospective...and sieze the moment....
Best version yet.
Well done.
Wow...
Got my hair wet  ironed it for nothing.
I understanding talking to partisans for launching point to then talk to more analytical experts.
Too many skip 2nd part, tho.
why do you feel feel syep event was pointless?
how could they have made it better?
we need to get together  lots to update you on!
in Australia....luck you :p
who me ??
lol thanks
i hate when ppl lie bout dumb shit
Wow!
Just tried this submission to our What's Your Austin's Pizza contest: Fresh made pico, motzz, jack cheddar,  chicken.
Lordamighty.
Ryan Sheckler Is So Cute I Can't Even;
Very cool webinar today HireAVet presented by have engineering positions great for veterans!
Apply at bjorksten.com!
are you?
There is no wholly masculine man, no purely feminine woman
great, great article.
Hi Lavina....thanks for returning the follow!
blessed go be connected
Hey I just meet you and this Is crazy but ....3 :D
What a great day out today.
W.mwishartpi.com.
People/companies who prey on the less fortunate will be held accountable.
Two more days until my Birthday my Birthday my Birthday : and they said no way would I see it!
lol, bla bla bla
a few days studio under construction
IDontLike The song boyfriend....or any Bieber song...or the word swaggie
any review that includes the line I once knew a girl in college who practiced Wicca must be regarded with suspicion :P
You used to be the shit, now you ain't shit bitch.
Nap time
Found out where doctorams are born  unicorn testicles.
Special thanks to Bob's Burgers for that info.
You are the master of prezi and getting presents at work :
These cardiac Cowboys are for real!
Now finish this.
it's your song, too.
Although as I think about it, I definitely prefer the old rhythm, so you should definitely rerecord.
Take care of your body, then the rest will automatically become stronger.
comming from the woman who distracts me when I actually try too
I miss RHOA last night hoping it comes on today...before BasketballWives cause I'm Not missing that lol!!!
Don't forget to tweet True or False to our earlier question and get entered to win our plush throw.
Me too!
The fall is the best time of year and so pretty.
I would like to talk to God about having that weather all the time
Tomorrow's Brunch on the patio!
Don't miss it.
The fried egg sandwich with pickled onions is....well.....pretty darn good.
HAVING FUN AT YOUR PHOTOSHOOT??:
...like sunshine!
:D
hope you're having fun right now!
Hey all, have a beer for all your hard working legislators who can't go to the O's game today.
2morrow Spanish friends,come see me 2 6PM !
Can't wait : RT
Crowdsourcing my DC peeps: Best day spa in DC?
This girl needs a day of beauty!
ideas?
truth man.
This is your first show, right?
The Office season finale tonight...hope it doesn't suck like most of this season
My wife said tonight that I can have a beer for every Brewers run......let's get it started!
: Guess which of your favorite Naz ladies we are!
hell yeah ah..
I feel ya.
I'm glad to be one of the better ones !:
Thankfully English 1101 is a required course for all RATs.
Open, ready and prepared for feedback.
Negative and positive.
If you think you know something, remember the mistakes of misjudgement.
Playing design catch up on this lovely afternoon.
just smash it in rage.
usually works.
at least one of my friends really sucks.
saw a baby whale exploring off point dume.
yrs ago.
Supposedly normal behavior for them to explore alone while mom waits
but soon, we all get to hang out together.
Finally home from a long day.
Instagram for Andoctorid Instagram for Andoctorid Instagram for Andoctorid!
i still don't think you've realized what you did to me, and how badly you hurt me.
Is there anyway for us, not in NYC to see/ get acess to these documentaries online?
At the metropolitan club issue 1 debate...
that would b legit!ima get back to u asap bout that cuz i need to figure out if ima need a car this weekend while im at home lol
Based on your article this morning, it looks like Tyler Colvin has the best musical taste on the team.
By far...
About to doctornk some Starbucks ice coffee.....
Wait wait m delicious
yes.
Slade is a bit undersized and a year younger.
But is a pretty decent point guard
.
Have fun and safe travels!
I got you covered.
No homework tonight ;3
At Wondering if misterGibson gets tired of my supermarket brand analyses.
Watching Frozen.
I mocked the film relentlessly when I first heard about it.
I'm now curious after what I've hear from some trusted critics.
Check that, took the job in early June, lol.
hope we see you at ours!
Its 30 mins from tradee deadline and not one station speaking of it
4 all ths Q's thr is a big distinction between consumer products vs.
service brands.
ex: Coke sum of emp brands?
No.
B of A?
yes.
Yay!
Oh the anticipation!
cool.
let me know if you come up with something because our garden more eggplant that we can handle right now.
We need more Peggy and Joan time.
Ding repair is being offered for any surf club members by one of our surf dads, George Toth.
Give him a call at 6192506948 for any needs!
my prayers are with you and yours
what ring is that???
love the bonus!
this is SUPER!!!
Thanks for the headsup.
, was this the barge that conquered the canals last year?
Flu days.
Leave me alone.
any birthdays today ?!
RT : Got my workout in, now picking up new business cards then heading to get glammed up for !
Like every friday, FF me first and I will FF you back.
Kobe is all the way Ballin.
I'm knocking on doors, you're keeping the keys, MaybeYouopen, maybeNotForMe!
But I won't make a move until move in me:D
how are you?:
hmm creative thinking
Just had a dope photo shoot with the crew.
Photos will be posted here shortly.
At Church and State!
New Post: The doctoramer, The Believer...The Writer www.thewritelifeshow.com
Gopinath: Shah's Hinterland Structures is an alternative archiving of queer diasporic modes of dwelling  creating habitability
I hate when there is like nothing on tv.
10FavouriteNickiMinajSongs: Save Me
Oh no!
I hope your flight gets going soon.
3 hours of beer and food for only 8.10  best deal in town  spread the word.
kgoradio.com/beer
Huh??
RT : I heard myself a few days ago I guess
Some girl named Lucy just introduced herself by saying My name is Lucy and I chuckled.
That show is going to be a real partyhave fun tomorrow night!
you are in luckwe are running a 15 off sale on the store starting Monday through end of the year.
Save away!
Nibbs are soar...Yes I would do it again!
P
Neybor wins 2nd place at onstage pitch event in crowdfavorite and most viable idea categories!
Thats whats up Bro, thanks for the love!
I'm happy for him he deserves a shot to have his own program.

That's hilarious!
Can't wait for tonight's show.
Why, thank you!
My name is Frank Odia and I am a recruiter.
I am looking for experienced RoR developer.
Are you open to contracts or permanent opps?
Don't call it a comeback!
We're going to the Final Four again!
Go UMass!!!
thanks for hanging last night at the game with !
need to perform for you again soon!!
Chris Isaak  Don't Make Me doctoram About You  06:30 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Don't forget a huge Pick 6 Carryover at Belmont Park on Wed..could be at least 3mill in the pool...Hope some 's come to me in my sleep.
Today is pay day  I ant even happy
Really wishing that 's rich text editor worked on the iPad.
I've written 2 posts but can't format them without HTML.
Ugh!
RT : Fact: The first spacecraft to visit the planet Venus was Mariner 2 in 1962.
Small job doing libguides and random reference?
Sure!
..
than I am about sales..if it gets heard by enough people, the sales will happen later...
for now appreciation is plenty
Is having one of those OMG overwhelmed days.
Lol i really forgot how me and live life i would not do this any other way ...
thankyou and yes u can lol
WOW!
Great link, thanks.
I don't know why I'm so surprised...
I guess I thought anthro was one of the more eccentric programs :
I didn't eat lunch because I forgot my money.Only 2 people knew.
No one else deserved to know.
They wouldn't shut up asking if I was hungry
Supposed to be eating hot dogs and doctornking beer at an MiLB game right now.
Instead I'm lining wedding invitation envelopes.
Life is funny.
Thanks for RT of article
All of my old friends think they're too cool for me.
I've gotta say, life's pretty good!
It's really gonna suck when I get cancer one day.
One of us is thinking about sex...
OK, it's me.
Oh, hello pathological liar on my bus.
Yes, tell me all about your Peacock farm.
Celebrate National Burger Month at ABX with our Smoked Brisket n Cheddar Burger priced at 8.99 during the month of May!
Who did you meet at barcamptampa that deserves a follow and why?
On my way to the city, Wudup grandma!
Lmao 21 jump to crazy funny
I'm awake now
If dick riding was a sport, half the hoes out here could claim first place ..
Great shot :
I think mercy should still be competitive still
can u please follow me on instagram?!
My username is iluvyanojoke!
You guys wish Happy Mothers Day to .
At least til I hear enough DM alerts from her phone so I'll know which Champagne Room she's in
someone is blasting I Have a doctoram through their car speakers during traffic.
is take one but ill only give 75.00 for it.
I have lost all respect for Mickey Loomis, Shaun Payton, Gregg Williams, Joe Vitt, and Jonathan Vilma and anybody else from bountygate
Fake models with fake personalities will never prevail.
Nothing to say but everything to do.
look up Richard Lawson Studios.
heading out there in a few days, will let you know if you don't hear anything.
Also, could try calling?
wow true to its name too bad
Hindenburg had a light aluminum piano, pressurized smoking lounge, porcelain tableware, but passengers slept in bunks.
you live in Florida?!
Me too:
How did you get started doing the freelance gig in BKK ?
haha..you can't win em all!

Best way to land an agent is by doing showcases!
Better to be seen than picked out of a pile of headshots!
When you get more diversity on the screen, you get more dynamic portrayals of women characters
...doing 5 burpees every 1/4 mi lap so I can get caught up on the BurpeeChallenge BECAUSE I CAN AND SO CAN YOU
Johnny Depp wears a hat and the sets look like they were made from Skittles then left in the rain!
Every Tim Burton pitch since 2005
i cry every time i see a one direction account with a creepy pic of 11 year old miranda cosgrove as their icon bless.
: What time the DMV close?
I need a new license 4 or 4:30
Yea im still here, schoolin it.
Wbu?
now that's a lot of O's
This will be my second time
Why this few days i suffer a usually dull persistent pain !
Happy Birthday Bob Marley You were a Legend Oo
ah yes!
have fun!
let me know who you ride with in Tri!
xo
I love her oh so much
You and I have as many MLB home runs this spring as Albert Pujols.
Would I be wrong if I exposed the jay bitch
A little sluggish too much hooter wings and Ciroc last nite nice superbowl halftime with Madonna was great
I know what imma do for my mom on mothers day .
Hey, Sun.
Look me in the eye when I'm talking to you!
Aaaaagh...pain....blind....seeing spots....bad idea....ok, you win.
AMANDA SYFREID IS THE LUCKIEST GIRL SHE GOT TO MAKEOUT WITH MEGAN FOX
You're in a relationship, stop flirting with everyone!
Im asian, trust me  LOL
Thanks for the tickets!
THE best TWolves game I've witnessed live.
Then again it was the only time I've ever seen them win live.
NOW ONE TIME HAS MORE DISLIKES THEN LIKE WE HAVE TO GO LIKE TTHE BUTTON OEVER AND OVER AGAIN BELIEBERS
This nation cannot long survive without the adhearence to the Rule of Law  and.
Its blid Application to all Its citizens.
RT : Huntsman manager says: It was time for Republicans to rally around a candidate who could beat Obama.
Adds: It's Romney
haha have fun staying in college!
Via , a minister said this at a Detroit mtg: This is white supremacy.
Before you take over our city, we'll burn it first.
excited to see parra back in and see dillard.
pitching on the crew is deep, just might be the best in the.nl central.
Oh and I LOVE David Wallace!
Yay!
hey all beliebers if u are a true belieber and love justin as much as i do , stand by him follow me I will always support justin follow me
Your morning should be spent making loving phone calls to those that makes your life worthwhile!
This wifi on southwest is THE worst!
I just doctorined half my battery tryna pull up fb!
Wtf?!?
Sniff bathroom stall
A puppy at the early age of 7wks, w/ my book, together you  I can PREVENT early bad habits  get his/her training well on its way!
Agreed RT : With all my ranting, I am proud of my Mizzou boys.
We have along way to go in March.
Then adios Big 12
If you're still working on that LinkedIn training, add don't put your name in all caps or all lowercase.
Have a good weekend!
Thanks for the retweet!
WHAT IS THIS
I don't believe you're up this early.
I would love an NBA team.
I think it would be awesome for Baltimore's economy  morale
Jen may adopt you
Can we all take a moment to look at the comments on the GMYH video saying something about his new hair.
Dear doctorma Whores...
you replying to all those girls gave me hope that you would reply to me...but thats never gonna happen:8
well, I finally managed to doctorg my 100 lbs heavy bag into my house...
I'm laying on it now.
lol
It's such a beautiful day!
:
Anybody notice yellow eyes on Anthony Johnson?
Me and mom and Junior slept our butts off!
I mean it!
We have no butts today!
Ok we do but we slept a lot and I'll take my breakfast now.
Congrats on a 5 in the iPad app store!
Ah, the joys of public transportation
My mom is late to work everyday and she live 2 blocks from her work!
lol she kills me!
I don't have my swimming stuff :/
Gurrl,look at that body,I WORK OUT!
I took the commuterchallenge and after 3 days I now own my own Go To Card, but I can't register it on the site
What a boring day
30 Flutterkicks, 20 Wall Jumps...lets make it happen, Madison!!
I will do the Nationals, I agree good idea.
Thanks for sending out my link!
twitter be trippin!
So the LORD gave Israel all the land he had sworn to give their forefathers, and they took possession of it and settled there.
Joshua 21:43
The story behind where those plans have would be awesome.
umm try Loopy  Scallops and get back to me.
It's hard to remember the people we used to be.
But well see :
In any art or design the moment of making a mistake can be the moment of greatest discovery, innovation or invention if only
feeling really tired and cranky?
your welcome
What a happy surprise!!
We need to catch up in Seattle!
So straight vodka then?
I swear I saw that billboard and said out loud Morris Day and the Motha Fucking Time
MY MOUTH BURNS!!!!
I just tried an extremely hot serrano pepper!!!!!!
Hehe.
u must b off
I crack myself up a lot
Haha!
Gingersupremacist!!
RT Glee: 3D Concert Movie is a film about the beauty of diversity that stars a bunch of pretty white people econ.st/oJVOZG
Scrabble's cool.
Better than canasta, anyway.
Is it cheating if you tweet us your letters?
Never forget.
RIP.
: RIP horses from Luck.
Sad news.
Give a shout out to my homey Lil' Sebastian if you see him upstairs.
you know I have never thought about that but you are right, i am a selfish defensive coach want the best on D
Getting ready to Skype with the boo!
3
I love my cousin..
she's awesome!
Hahahahah.
I don't think that's getting the RT.
GonzagaProblems.
Hahahahaha
One of the guys from Lucky Boys Confusion died?
High school poppunk era Justin wept.
rofly.
orr you an lift to eat..
I wish you world tell me how you really feel.
I ONLY HAVE TWO WEEKS TO READ THREE BOOKS FUCK
I felt like such a nerd the other day cause this kid had a sonic screw doctorver and I freaked out!
It was awesome though!
I love Doctor Who!
Yikes, I'm getting way too Twitter chatty.
thanks for coming!!
yea finals are no joke :/
Yeah, I totally agree with you.
WE WANT THE BELIEVE TOUR DATES
When and who all going???
Agreed!
Nicely put!
In fact, that's why we're building a prayerapp!
Please see here  birdofprayer.org
is this going to be one of your tweets where u start bashing city cyclists?
Serb/Croation division brought up over deleting FB comments?
Really?
Tips for Planning a Tent Camping Trip to South Georgias Beaches
Congratulations everyone!
I look forward to visiting soon in 2015  following ur website til then
105th annual!
very impressive.
Wish I weren't on the other side of the world for it...
Just tapped, Del Rio Lager
OMG I'm leaving work now to go make some.
Sean Putman from Detroit, hi everyone
Call up your friends  make plans to come watch UFC 146 with the ladies Saturday May 26!
All apologies to and all Pittsburghers I have neglected until 4:35PM.
Happy Valentine's Day!
happy moving day!

So will I see today??
: text me sweetie3
About to release my 150th recording in the last 2 years.
your uncle has thought you well
DearMonday just because i'm on spring break i love you!
Just for this week thou!
What fucking monsters, excuse me.
That is insane.
Anthony Davis officially added to 18man pool for U.S.
Olympic team.
no I didn't
Just wrapped second day of shooting for Francescas Collections!
Went great :
My stubborn basset hound dog decides he wants to go for a walk...hm
You coming back to Lville for the derby?
We got a love thing, girl you try to leave me But you need me, can't you see you're addicted to me We got a love thing,
heard they were gona hand out bengay to the alacranes players b4 each game this season lol
Haha ya right abby!!
My legs are way to long and my dad would cry.
If you have a doctoram, give it a chance to happen.
Richard M.
DeVos
Even though they don't get along, I'm really luck to have such supportive, wonderful parents.
And baby I promise That I will never leave That everything will be alright,I I promise these things to u babe just believe I promise
I have the body of a 6 foot 16 year old ballet dancer 0o I want to gain 15 pounds
...we felt it was critical that we establish relationships with the most innovative doctors and researchers, said Founder/COO Wendy Lewis.
what would Mark Topping do?
he'sadork
Follow and we follow 100 back : Thans :
Check with your child's preschool or school nutrition guidelines before you pack those lunches.
They may limit desserts or peanut products.
However, would a digital pres and repository knowledge group be redundant?
There are already groups that do this.
There is no such thing as a normal or a sensitive person.
It's a myth fabricated by your own ignorance.
Be ready to dance the night away at your special event with us purchase the Premier Wedding Dances Groupon!
And the 2011 best of show...
Merry Chrimbus to , , , , and We will be relaunching in January!
I have a queen size bed yet never sleep in the center, I prefer the left side.
Going out in SA, TX.
What we got..Racks on Racks on Racks!
awesome to see the use technology in Gov.
Tell me who's doing something bad.
Me, to every person
mothers bistro?
Went to a highschool hockey championship game that was 3 1/2 hrs long!
Six 14 minute periods and a loss, is tough!
Create your own definition of
For some reason I'm now getting a subscription to Whisky Advocate magazine.
Marketers know me too well, apparently ...
zonamaco12 not the same without your face everywhere
Social media is about to disrupt the fundamental way marketers think about customer acquisition, retention and growth.
headdesk RT I'm not sure what to make of all the Super Moon photos taken with a flash.
Jack Black is hilarious!
Even as a cartoon panda he makes everyone laugh
what's your reasoning?
Only way to provide univ insurance without mandating purchase of private good?
follow please :
you to sir
Don't go through phones if u don't want you're feelings hurt
Embarrassed to admit I just heard while watching Gossip Girl but HOLY COW you guys, congrats!
My domain transfer from GoDaddy to NameCheap completed today.
Now to make a donation to
Wow!
200 followers!
Thank you to everyone who has followed!
I guess
rip Ms.
Whitney Houston
So Happy that your are a new follower for me!
Enjoy the mountains of VA!
My wife found a fun new place, YogurTea, where if your yogurt weighs exactly 9 ounces, it's free!
's yogurt weighed 14 oz.
haha
In the theater with the little bottles
Good morning boo!
Happy International Woman's Day RT : Rise and shine!!!
Welcome to all our new followers!
We love you guys!
Excellent choice.
Great times!!
Thanks for the visit!
where were you?
it was 1972.
Who else wants a free autographed CD?
RT Signed !!!
thatswhatsup yfrog.com/nykmisterj
Thanks to , for supporting ICF/ID community!
And yes, I think whether you read a cv online or on paper must make a difference.
Bring out the eye tracking software!
considering you don't even follow me...I have no chance.
:
still recovering from the best NYE party ever!
Big thx to everyone who came out.
What's next?...a lil countrywestern number.
Tonight: The Training Camp Showcase brings the V.P.
of SHADY RECORDS to NYC.
Club Pyramid, NYC.
9PM, 18, 20.
Sign up 7PM
U r my everything love u
Loving the new lia sophia collection on style network!
Excited offered a Hannibal type role for a webseries.
Fava beans anyone?
I was in art but I'm On my way home now lol
Laugh at stupid jokes.
Cry.
Apologize.
Tell someone how much they mean to you.
Live life, because tomorrow's not guaranteed to anyone.
Dappa,bout to rock it at the after dark with mister Kee.
Its packed on a damn tuesday.
Nobody does bizz on a fuckin' tuesday.
Lol!
just stopped the car cause a boy didn't know what he was talking about involving
how to make cleaning cool?
how to save time while cleaning?
Things you hate to clean???
Arrrrgh!
This is frustrating!
yea but he didn't win 3 before he won a ship
doctornking apple cider : 'cause I'm freakin' cool ?
Jus got home from ACT im tired ,but might go play ball!!!
:D I wish too!
What I Think About Morning: Alex During school: Alex Afternoon: Alex Night: Alex doctorams: Alex never leaves my mind!3
Using this at work tomorrow.
RT : 80 of people have low selfesteem and are likely to put others down to make selves feel better.
arentyoutiredof the same lunch and crappy hr stops.
Love Seau's for Dog Gone Mondays and Taco Tuesdays.
ah lol!
Tomorrow!
Love you!
I miss you :
At O'Charley's getting my grub on.
Had a few doctornks and feel good.
money over bitches ;
I squished my foot , while I was closing the door now it hurts alot ..
42 days until Launch Day.
Better get back to work!
At least I'll get to catch up on my work...Just praying I don't lose power.
Ugh!
I thought I left this hurricane nonsense in Miami.
rock on!
Now THAT'S some exciting fighting!!
Bummer we couldn't see a 3rd round.
so unlike Jason Kidd not to make that shot, in light of his recent play in this series.
I'm a horrible friend...
I'm sorry
Wow that is blessed could I get a follow  ask you a question?
REMINDER: Upload your pictures of
thanks for the follow
I don't understand our relationship.
Sometimes we're friends, sometimes we're more then friends  sometimes I'm just a stranger to you.
50 Shades is easier to understand knowing a it was originally selfpublished.
b it is Twilight fan fiction.
But still.
Trying to believe...RT : Success is sweet and sweeter if long delayed and gotten through many struggles and defeats.
A.B.
Alcott
Dude.
Told ya...
RT lol damn my bad
Love and regret run hand in hand I regret leaving our love...
This correlates directly on my most recent post concerning web content and blogging.
Thumbs up.
What is your Chinese new year resolution?
We are at a crossroads and it is time to ELECT a leader who will direct DISTRICT 2 in the right path.
Please take a moment to logon to...
Dang, I should have tried to sneak into that one.
cc:
We are so excited for the next LoL at on Feb 15 from 68!
New Belgium taps on us!
Presented with
Sorry for the spam messages u may have received from us.
We were hacked.
For the record, we don't know anyone saying very bad rumors abt u
Social Media for the SEO right now
Growing pains!...ACP is looking for new studio space to call home...give a shout if you know of a place!
Hoping the universe will balance out a little, please bring good vibes my way!
i hear it'll only get you to 6, so I'll have to switch up at some point.
You doing 3 days a week bench?
William Balfour has been found guilty
Thinking of and all of the good she does for young women.
I can't wait to try Wiredoo!
In Santa Anita's 1st, trains three runners including two first timers.
I like 3 Castaway  ridden by
So happy to see blown out, bouncy waves and natural yet glowing makeup on the runway  Carlos Miele.
Please, designers, no more braids!
ight ur place, ill bring love and basketball
Hey Flex I'm just here at our place visiting Juel then back to La Wed.
However really like it here.
RT : Botanas for dinner!
awesome night!
Thanks!
Donations of bedding, toiletries,  more needed for homeless seniors.
Can you help?
Organize a doctorve, donate to
Oh my gosh :o That's so sad :'
Eye Disease Linked to Memory Decline: Study suggests ..
eye screening ...
could potentially help identify people at risk for...
Waiting on word from Crosby Elementary.
Roof gone from Tornado.
Nice.
Maybe we could schedule lunch/coffee/beer?
Out and about!
Good morning!
Hope everyone had a wonderful weekend.
hope i can go to the west sometime
Life is the best school.
God is the best teacher.
Problem is the best assignment.
Failure is the best revision.
Hear something New  Fresh with Adam Craig Band in the New Music Spotlight at 8!
I think Izturus needs to change his number.
3 hasn't worked so well with Yuni, and Yost.
This is just a great day in the city
Lol, Some People Think Because I Haven't Did What They've Done, I've Done Nothing.
When I Look At Their End Result, I'm Glad I Didn't.
:
sounds like a microbiology test.
You going to make it to the NMSkiSwap this weekend?
It's worth the doctorve.
It's hard to beat simple, honest food
hahaha you're so right that must be it
HEY !
HOW THE HECK R U??
Luv ya!
Make that chelsea vs.
Barcelona
I consider the 13th phone call about my expiring Factory Warranty.
They can help  753.0974 yet my car's only 6 months old.
Time to grill
nice first pitch at tonight's Mets game.
Lots of Mets and Yankees fans there...but all were Giants fans!!
Who would win in a guitar solo battle, Toby, Seth, or AyJay?
o stop you're making me blush :
that's what girlfriends are for
The Dallas Mavericks are 80 ATS in the last 8 meetings with the Phoenix Suns
I used it all D: why?
Am I the only person that folds up ham takes a few bites and unfolds to see what it look likes?
Great book!
Did Josh Hamilton just hit the cards with the belt while the ref was knocked out?
Thanks for the follow
Stay tuned to today from 121pm.
We'll be on live to discuss our May 20 festival.
I will sign when DNC goes 2 help in WI
.
welcome to the gsucadoctor.
Looking forward to working with you.
Today's the Kentucky Derby.
Did I tell you I was there when Secretariat won in 1973?
It was amazing.
ur the 18th person who told me that and not really try jumping 5ft 2in in the high jump
Today is one of those days I wish I had an identical twin I could enslave in order get twice as much done.
The music game is ugly but the reward is nice...if you do it right
Thank you following
: I don't know why everyone just throws the c word around like it's nothing nowadays lol
You continue to screw me over.
RT: Not only are boys incredible, inspiring, and currently promoting a fantastic book, but they are also phenom
It sucks that they're filming all these movies that have 2013 release dates..
don't they know
Good morning !
My 2 y/o is eating baby corn for the first time.
in Big would be so proud!
;
3 miles in 26 minutes, I feel accomplished ahha
omg whoa...that is really crazy!
also, you are using Twitter more!
yay!
Being happy doesnt mean that everything is perfect.
It means that youve decided to look beyond the imperfections.
no.
just what I wanna do...go out and run into doctornken old MSD classmates enjoying the only thing they do with their lives.
Finally my ela state exams are overr: ThankTheLord !
But still need the math next week 
nothing but net.
Ever humble!
We'll just have to brag for you.
Everyone here is so proud to be part of TACC, and thrilled to be working w/ you.
:
15,000 tax credit available to all regardless of income, is being pushed in the senate.
Also wanting to extend credit by 1 year.
Wow, had opposite reaction.
And it was shown to critics here Wednesday night not shown in TC?
Strata Park is the modern system application of todays open plan office environment.
I've consumed a lot of crap too.
When marathon are you training for?
no.
we are good.
thanks though.
The man says think big and act strong.
oh yeah.
I am on it.
I know we aint got no strings attached, but this could be a perfect match .
Why does everyone forget how to doctorve when it rains?
Lol I kno but I'm always calm bout things
Luke warm jello is not good.
it's the RISP that are left that freaking kill me!
Something's gotta change here!
I could use the Golden Bough to teach reading comprehension for a chosen few, the marines of liberal studies
thank you for following Colorado's leader in affordable marriage and family therapy and in therapy training!
Ah, gotcha.
I was made for sunny days, and i was made for you.
::the weepies::i was made for sunny days::
He's making me blush like a school girl lol
Novak can't miss
Off to Vegas for Super Bowl weekend, February 36, staying at the marvelous Good times ahead...
My pick?
for the win!
I'm determined to get everything fixed by Saturday..
even if its by myself
The best way to cherish  love something is to imagine you lost it.
Never take a minute of court time for granted..it might be your last!
BUT I MIGHT JUST DARE TO SAY, THAT I LOVE YOU.
Totally!
Which I own ;

I agree Juliet was terrific and the best of the night until Matai.
I loved Matai, she is totally unique.
Posting up three crowd favorites today!
Parisian Omelette, Colcannon Cakes AND Breakfast Pizza!
Why would you not just have a phone?
and my 7 yr old girl thinks they're ALL hilarious.
sigh
nothing scares me more than Die Antwoord but why can I not look away.
Just finished the last episode of TheWire.
Shit.
Now what?
LifeWouldSuckIf There was no candy
We're excited too!
Save the date 8/27!
RT : Very excited that has decided to join us for our block party!!!
The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed.
Richard Brinsley Sheridan
I will never go bungee jumping.
A rubber breaking was the reason I was born, it sure as hell isnt going to be the reason that I die.
It's like I'm sad but happy, happy but sad..
WTF
I'm going to assign your piece in my class next semester.
I was just wishing for a concise overview of exactly what you said!
There is a tea kettle and a newspaper subscription my Christmas list.
And on my grandma's.
I know you are but im not talking about you I'm talking about out generation in general
someone stupid!
My dad 
is DESTROYING this late show in Denver !!!
RKO : gotta love it
Yay I will be on my first tv show on Spike Tv: I will be an extra but first pay gig
I started earlier...maybe it's time to revisit!
hmm well atrau messages me saying I should go and he would pick me up but Kendall wants to go too I think?
Idk
Happy birthday !
:D
Space based!!!
Yesyesyes.
Sci fi doctorma should be a more often used genre!
What to do today?
Hm
do you really?
its only Tuesday and I've already got my Friday outfit picked out!
Defense man
it's going to be like that episode of The Office and the Fun Run.
It's carboloaded.
time waits for no man,so what cha waitin on man?
If your not gonna say NIGGA, don't say NINJA...
or none of that shit, it just looks weak.
As we speak, my friend Terry at the U of M Bookstore is handdelivering Caro's big new LBJ bio.
After all the reviews, the genuine article!
just put the money in the bag
youknowwhatannoysme When people blame me for something I didn't even know happened.
heading to MCC with the Biz Kid Real team to do more fruit salsa experimentation
I am absolutely in love with my job at Starbucks.
Gotta pick it up!!!
they said it not me
It is past time stood with Wisconsin.
He lets us fight alone unsupported throughout.
unsupported by my fam
HackingEdu is underway!
Thanks to our sponsors for their support of Four Peaks Month.
what is up Rockies?
Have we won ANY one run games this year?
Maybe Michael Young at third was not such a bad idea.....we need help
Yeah no matter which way you look at it the optics aren't good.
It's a clear elbow high.
We'll see what happens.
We have moved to new office location in Queen Anne.
Its creative space with high ceiling.
Feels a little empty now.
Still settling in.
excellent question!!
it may not mean nothin to yall, but understand nothin was done 4me...
So I dont plan on stoppin at all...
Want this sh..
4eva mane....
Come to the Easter egg hunt at 9:30 a.m.
on April 23!
We'll also fun entertainment and games for the keiki!
Just followed them!
Where is Andoctor in rebounding?
its not evan like that i go from city to city just goto make my way back up there
: thank you
: Rise  Shine Thank God  Grind
Great job on 'The Last Word'!
Kyt :j
so true!
I hate when somebody around you has BO but you're scared it's you so you keep smelling yourself like a crazy person.
WEAR DEODORANT PEOPLE!
How about now?
Is this thing on now?
Beauty is a curse on the world.
It keeps us from seeing who the real monsters are.
Ninetyeight percent of success is in the head and the heart.
Cathy Ferguson, Olympic swimming
Feeling stressed?
Come in for a quick or long therapeutic massage.
Go to www.massagedc.com for your 10 off coupon :
I can't doctornk soda in the morning, it just tastes nasty!
Copycats cut bullshit.
YES.
doctor Frederick Frankenstein: What a filthy job.
Igor: Could be worse.
doctor Frankenstein: How?
Igor: Could be raining.
Tweet me a number and i will tell you which iconic boy
Nope.
I blame Leno.
and NBC
...you know you are wrong for that...lmmfao!!!!!
Paid Sick Leave hearing today 5:30 at City Hall.
Come to the Council Chamber to pack the house w/ supporters of a healthy Seattle!
do you know of a place where we can find good techniques for doing this ?
Major Payne is one of the funniest movies ever!!!
Today has been a productive day off.
I love running errands with a certain someone.
:
LA SunRooftop PoolHot GirlsHouse MusicThe Good Life
Partying with the Harry to my Louis tonight.
3 Partying  Eating  being lazy.
Sendoutcards Business Presentation tomorrow 4/26 6PM  The Terrace Club 7th Fl, NYC If you are entrepreneurial, check it out.
I wear mine all year round :
sorry Sunday!
I dislike your avi  you look like a vampire nigga
Gearing up for the final final.
Finally.
I wish I was kidding when I tell you that I just bought a new laptop so I could play Sims 3.
RT Who got some birthday cake!?
Its my Birthday!
NAMM was great this year.
Very positive vibes all week!
Our west coast sales manager had twice the  of dealer appointments as last year!
today were buying tickets!!!!!!!!!!:D
RT : RT : Watch talk games and more on Gerneration Gamer: Life Plugged In...
I just started.
Any recommendations?
holy crap.
you are smoking hot.
Found a book on Chip Kidd for 8 at McKay's.
I'm a Chip Kidd fan now.
miss ya too Alii!
Hope you're good.
Come hangout soon!
funny how my baby waves to me after he's been bfing for at least five minutes.
It takes a boy ro create a baby  a man to raise one
Happy Birthday honey!
Think I'm coming :
WLimo launches it's newest promotional campaign Stab The Cab to encourage YOU to swap a dodgy cab for a luxury sedan service 8476552559
ESPN: I'd rather pass a kidney stone while listening to pitbull than be informed by you about women's sports.
Shut the fuck up
Frog and Toad Are More than Friends
Here come the waterworks
well, two days ago technically I guess.
Thanks for including Mandy's SpiderMan post!
I am who I am.
You can say whatever you want about me.
I wont change.
Your approval isnt needed or wanted.

Israel expels every settler  soldier from Gaza  Palestinian rocket attacks increase x10, ...
RT : We must stop giving people hell here on earth and then praying they get to heaven
Sean Spence is a very Bad man..Welcome to the Steeler Nation:
I'm tired of seeing him constantly get hurt..
Thanks to all our new followers!
FF Happy Friday!
Chapter 2012 Page 73 of 366 Snap out of it and go do what needs to be done.
We were honored to have a visit from this week as they bike across country to raise awareness for homeless pets....
RT : Then the next day trying to make Communion for and
I'm sorry sir, I don't understand?
Please elaborate :
So blessed by the people around me.
Music  Family
i know my dad said i could have a yard sale at the concert you want to buy a toaster: ..
jk i need to get to work on that!
What is happening?!?!
SNL has rocked it 2 weeks in a row!
Holy cannoli!!!

Can I get a text msg?
When they knock you down you gotta get back up TI
forget the wrist injury....look who UNC has to face.
It'd be really awkward to have yoyr tweet retweeted 49 times because then you don't get that cool 50 retweets.
...2 yrs since Hughes was even remotely good.
How much longer are we going to wait?...Maybe the wait is over?...
I do love Derek Jeter
Haters can eat it for all I care, they dont stop us :
easyy give it time
Memphis gonna win this series if CP3 ain't 100..
what you mean INDY won't be playing the celtics because their on the other side of the bracket
Activate your muscles with Elite Trainer Max The Body at Hollywood Body Club
Wishing you a speedy recovery
Hey Mommy ; Yeah, I Finally Went To Sleep : I Listened To Some Songs By The Amazing Group UKiss :D I 3 Them So So Much :D
LLN910 Bottom line: libraries add.
We still buy print  add online; QR codes add to visible graphics; chat  SMS supplemnt inperson
Verizon Customer Service: Staffed by Blockheads?
You decide!
2 fingers is the limit
Doin me how u bout u gurl
if you're against prostitution stop sleeping with hookers
omg.
they have dora pillow pets?
just saw one at the mall!
Hey everybody.
Anybody wants a shout out.
For our 100th Podcast show?
It may look like chaos, but that's just the theory
RT Dont always be funny, dont lose your character.
professorssor Renardo Murray, Assistant Director Of Bands Rejoins The 2010 MLK High School Battle Of The BandsHouston As Adjudicator.
Good company.
Thanks for the mention.
who's penis is smaller?
Mark Zuckerberg's or 's ?
I hate feeling like this.
how about 5 not having to fly on USAirways to get there?
Got an email from my school today.
Please come to pick up your diploma....
YAY!!!!
How sweet it is!
Why isn't Fringe on ?
I forgive, I know it's old one.
Just hand it over and no one will get hurt
Well, it's Friday and pay day so I can't complain...good week!
How about you?
Sundance Update: Danny Devito just parked me in next to a portajohn.
heyy this is my new twitter : please follow me back.
thanks
YES so happy they renewed show!!!
Love it!!
text me back :
Finally got Billings 3 up and running on my new computer.
Yay!
Yeah I understand!
At least you have your friends with you though, I gotta look on the bright side....
But there really
It's a beautiful day in Beverly Hills
The same thoughts run thru my head every morning.
Lies Pon Lies .....
ah lie she ah tell lmaoo
Austin Texas friends October 6, support my dear friend, !
He will be blessing y'all!
A show you can not afford to miss...
At the IMAX Theater finally gonna see Wrath of the Titans
Have to stay positive...Doing that by surrounding myself with other positive people who are go getters  action takers!
Attending a Free Business Roundtable conducted by SCORE  Capital One Bank Oct 7.
2010Woodlands scorehouston.org
HELLz YEa I might go c TheWomanInBlack on FRIDAY PartyOn!!!!
sure i want to :O what do I have 2 do?
and wanna take part too
I need a haircut.
Sin city we goop!
David Freese...the Big Chill
Oh, yea.
After that trailer, I had any screening pegged as a suicide mission.
Figured it deserved an equally cloying song response
50 cent wings until 7.
Come warm up with a rockin HH!
yaya finally finished my project!
praise da lord jesus
GRRR SO MAD AT HIM LOVE U BIG SHOW!!!
Whoa, that's a strange policy!
: Humble yourself  you will be given the world.
TDL I'm not so sure about that...
Sounds good though
Good practice, ready for tomorrow!!
please follow my new account !
One photo 531 out of 1011 from Gypsy Moon Dancers workshop....
Best vodka on the planet.
The fact that it's from Alameda just makes it that much cooler.
your son is AMAZING  so INCREDIBLE!
PSandersGoingBIG PSandersFansLoveMamaSanders 21
I just talked w the owner of Ben Rich.
They showed me an early preview of their new lines!
I respect overexcitement!
And poohpoohing a festival lineup is pretty Old Jaded Man of me anyway.
actually the basketball player  but that's good to know
night twitter:.!.
Much appreciated!
DVR is all set and ready for the new season of  starting tonight!!
Boy: My father's name is LAUGHING and my mother's name is SMILING.
Teacher: You must be kidding ?
Boy: No,thats my brother.I'm JOKING...
I wasn't on it at first, but Frank Ocean won me over...
The boy is soulful
fuck, the butt of all my jokes is gone...
March 1862...
The U.S.
government issues paper money for the first time
Apparently April is National Grilled Cheese Month.
I now have 24 days worth of celebrating to make up for.
Wrangling up facts for the annual Seminary Fact Book.
I like to think of it as a gift to the seminary archivists of the future.
: yeah they did  how many points ?
they won't be as good m/
Just by providing a good example as a parent, a friend, a neighbor makes it possible for other people to see better ways to do things
Tito Francona should put Showalter in his place.
New 7 Blue Skies tracks being mixed by Ron St.
Germain.
Keep an eye out!
He just made my day
Dear diary, a chipmonk asked me my name today, I told him it was a Jo, that lie will haunt me forever..
haha funniest thing xD
lol only because my friends are too dark
Curse you, James Loney!
I have no clue.
It was just a wonderful little store nearby.
Oh, the candies, candied fruits,  other savory treats.
swoon
You looked cute from far away.
Glamorama is my all time favorite book.
I also liked The Secret History by Donna Tartt, who was friends in college with BEE.
DEFCON : good talk about cloud services and GPU's for password breaking.
If your password is only worth 3 k, keep using 8 characters.
bruins and pizza with the girlies!!
Raja from doctorg race is performing at the gay bar next to the theatre in Houston on NYE...
May have to stop over!
ellie douglass xx I'm in year 8 an I think u are too x u were wif patsy mulhern xx ur on the other side of the year too mee xx
Yesterday it hit me like a bolt out of the blue: Sigourney Weaver is one of my all time favorite actresses.
Watching Springsteen.
All I can think of is,  Hey T..
Its coming sooner than you think Fanny pack!
See you Thursday for the special roll?
Haha.
EricNorthman, Eric and more Eric.
and to see what the do with
agreed!
Haha classic Indiana!
: Props to Indiana for still having those candy cane striped warm ups.
My dad, who literally threw his tv away when everything went digital, is trying to learn Facebook.
This should be interesting.
GO CHECK OUT PAINKILLERS ON DATPIFF!!!
At soundtrack studios w woman at work!!
Just did my bootcamp DVD for the first time in a while and man, I'm embarrassed at my cardio fitness.
Damn near died:
yes it is
Dear God, man.
Wth kind of karma is coming at you?
Great news then irritating news, then more great news.
First there was a mountain, then there was no mountain, then there is.
'Mad Men' and 'Rubicon'!
Mom question: I'm looking for an indoor place where I can go and let my 7mo old crawl.
My living room just not cutting anymore.
Any ideas?
Thanks to everyone who participated in out FollowFriday contest!
Winner will be announced soon!
Portland Timbers up 10, at 88th minute, over Kansas City.
They say Taylor was a good girl.
Hey Matt, try Las Vegas on the 4th of July.
High of 106 today with humidity up quite a bit.
27.
Wally Hanson
Museum fans and visitors!
What do you wish museums were doing more of with social media?
Reply w/ musesocial to be part of the convo.
BOO, that stinks RT RT for a free entree at !
It's a shame that we here at the office are ineligible to win :
Looks like a great oppty to publicly mess with Fox's marketing people, though...
RT : Good morning, all!
Say hello to , tweets from the first woman to run for president!
my 5 year old sister just looked at me and said DANCE MOMS IS ON TONIGHT!
in an effort to match our entertainment to our current weather conditions and i are enjoying The Donner Party movie
I want to be the guy who places the seal of the Vice President on podiums.
Good show with Irie Sol at the Cabooze tonight.
A cool, unique blend of funk, reggae, horn lines, free styling, and beat boxing Good Times!
The Mission Theatre is not going to know what hit it when School of Rock rocks out to Stevie Wonder in a few months.
Come see me tonight for Bloulevard Wheat Pints for 3...Enjoy our rooftop with DJ AK starting at 9pm.
Just got done with rehearsal.
when is Aries going to find his true soul mate?
Success with new LP etc
OMG!
Just got a couple of boxes of items donated at the desk.
Some real finds and some just fun.
1981 souvenir curling rock personal fave!
Amazing workshop last night Lauren...
Thanks for the insights and your passion for acting!
oh :P omfg!
Josh's sister just accepted my fb friend request xD
can you say byebye Heath Bell?!!
I can see him moving on soon...at least he's going to the Rangers...csb
Thinking About You by
poker is like white water rafting.
Floating seems like a good plan until you get barreled.
Well then everything is logical fallacy bc no job loss/creation can be permanent on a long enough time frame.
Are u ready for sustainable development?
GrandpaFred Yup.
I think it's that Burl Ives thing.
What's that?
Yeah.
That's why.
I'm.
Doing the uh.
Son.
Put that on channel one.
My hand
i found it.
O.M.F.G IT WAS WHEN I WAS 1SIMPSONSYMTOMS.
:'O
The new webbased Flickr Uploader is REALLY FAST.
2 videos in under a minute.
WOW!
The only two things I buy in partysize: hummus and Jelly Bellys.
What i miss??
Hooray for thunder.
Hooray for rain.
Hooray for the lighting not really starting until I finished walking home.
YOU HAVE TO WAKE UP HUNGRY, THIRSTY FOR MORE GOD THEN YOU HAD ON YESTERDAY
I can already tell how tonight ends too.
finally realizing that I don't deal well with stupid people.
Is that a strength or a weakness though?
Nice!
My dad went there too and then worked in Tifton for a while as the Ag Cooperative Extension agent.
immaculate conception lmfaoo
Watching Malcolm X movie.
lol aw....that would be nice.
Thank You!
I Love You
No API?
What about RSS or badges?
Thingsbabymamassay IF I CANT HAVE YOU NO ONE CAN.........NIGGA DO YOU KNOW I WILL KILL YOU??......
smdh
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
All SD hair/makeup artists/teams  email Sherry for possible work!
Must have pro website and pro attitude!
sherry
I wanna go swimming ://
yea bra I did..!
It was fun too!
Thanks for the support cuz!
welcome to Twitter!
Well, it's not like the governor of Florida has any real vested interest in hurricane preparedness.
i do!
Uan gotta lie to me ..
But WE going to Raymond graduation ?
Cause uan been tryna spend time with a real nigga dawg .
I stick my dick in the naughty place.
RT We're auctioning foursome at Erin Hills for Childoctorn's Hospital.
As a bonus, I will loop for you.
Call 414.799.1965 bid
Hey Katherine  happy to be part of your reading list.
any luck the move?
There are several trains a day!
no not quite lol that sounds like a PA dear
Cheers to peein'
Come find out about us!!!!
For people who decry the unnatural with such vehemence, the Republicans sure hate the natural functions of the human body.
me too , well im at mcdonalds ....
but why you home ?
Twitter has so much going on its hard to keep up
Its sad how people can be so ungrateful  they still expect people to keep doin for them.
Time for a MAJOR reality check!
lol let me quit...
I'm too goofy.
dear Facebook...What gives??
Blocking me from adding people I actually know??!!
Sorry everybody..this really sucks.
I'M A BIG TIME BELIEBER.
Our doctorssing room is the basement at the civic auditorium...
Safe to say its EXACTLY like a scene from a horror film...
S/O to Much Love
be quiet Anna!
Lol.
I only pay 15 a month at my gym.
It's Official  The hashtag for Destination ImagiNation Global Finals 2012 is IDODI.
Please tag DI and Globals related posts w/
:  aka Ted Perry from Fox 6  will grace The AList corner of The DList at 11 a.m.
But listen anyway!
RT Finally awake.
Time to walk to el cafe And have an evil fry up.
The diet starts Monday.
Nowt else to do today.
Between 40 and 50 percent of Americans who live to age 65 will have either skin cancer at least once.
Got 12 in a short amount of time!
I cut my court reporting teeth in Miami!
Thanks for following.
Ah I'm so sorry I forgot to text you back!
It's been such a busy day...
...
for 800m Gold
A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle.
Kentucky won!!!!!!
Yeah buddy!
Anthony Davis all day!
Bostonnew yorklos angeles
going to guapo's tonight to get me a sangarita or two
.
I didn't think I doctornk much, but I could've sworn I saw someone in the mirror as we were leaving.
Contrary to what ANYONE says about tonights event NO HOT female will pay any type of cover  Colony tonight!
I'm great and yourself?
62  sunny at Grove today...along with 3.75 glasses of Viognier all day...their might be an impromptu patio party.
Someone bring a guitar.
Thinking the Brandon Roy autographed shoes will be a big winner for the kids of the foundation.
Maybe, too, the Kevin Durant tix
I want to go to hell right now lol
Wondering if your adopted because your the only sexy one in your family.
Live for something larger than yourself, starting today.
I think I have the worst following/followers ratio of anyone on Twitter.
'Ethoipia is the birthplace of coffee and Addis Ababa is a cafe city.
People here doctornk it like they invented it' Megan Verlee
RT :  I got you something.
c: kinda like a late birthday present.
; I HOPE IT INVOLVES YOUR MOUTH
coptop or die
Hey you, be radical, love your body!
blame the caesars?
Sept7, Nov9 Dec10 too But no, Julius Augustus had to have months of their own...
i'm so tired of these damn blood tests.
i've had about 8 in the past week, i went to the doctor 4 times this past week, too.........
Congrats to doctor William Satuno for his new Maya finds!
We can not wait to hear more details.
dirk will outscore lebron tonight...
and will be buying me lunch tomorrow!
Yeah!
I just made a RT and won.
/ I check their twitter account weekly to see if they have any other contests.
Some days I wake up and i just wonder how is it that unemployment is so high and no one is doing anything about it.
Colorado Authorities carrying out intense ground search for missing balloon boy, Falcon.
When you like us, our job postings will appear in your news feed, and your friends can see job postings!
Help your friends!
: thanks!!!
We appreciate it.
From myself and  totally agree!!
Precious is such an intense movie!
Well my first day was interesting.
But of a mental jam with all the info.
But that's to be expected initially.
check your stats.
Who has better?
As of now,
LA folks: My Life with Carlos at USC SCA today 2 pm  part of the Politics of Memory on Screen series
X foxtotally X  I like to watch, though
Im so tired  hungry D: too many projects 
omg would watch the heck outta that.
Hi John, Justin here with NBA TV.
Do you happen to know in which part of the game the punch took place?
Thanks in advance!
congrats on working towards your MS degree...we're all proud of you here at Capella!!!
Keep up the great work!
Nobody's a natural.
You work hard to get good and then work hard to get better
Spurs win to take 30 series lead over Jazz
those awk sex scenes in movies where everyone is dead silent and you can hear people eating...
I am really good!
How about yourself?
Still doing P90X2?
Phase 3 here :
being conceited and knowing that you look good is two totally different things
nice to see you yesterday.
Sorry I was rushed.
Had a bird to roast.
Happy holidays.
Lol was serious when he said he was getting a life
What is your favorite quote?
One of mine is: A room without books is like a body without a soul.
Cicero
Now following !!
;
Happy Holidays.
:
That's why I'm so quick to tell somebody to kiss my ass;
Sorry to hear about N'Digo magazine.
Guess it's just another sign of the times.
lol that's my sister but she was tweeting our mom's name!
:
.
You inspire me!
I woke up this morning thinking about us and I love us :
I feel sick to my stomach.
Todd Coffey to the disabled list due to a freak injury while doing the truffle shuffle
Why, ?
Why take the simple Single page link away?
Cousins throws it away.
It'll be 3rdand3.
Definitely worth exploring.
Artists supporting community is great.
We like interesting spaces.
But we also need support.
Can't wait to meet you this Sunday for the wine tasting session.
It will start at 5pm.
wonderful meeting you...send me your recipes!
great week!
one issue is the girlfriend is being fucken worthless!
Best Kaleo sermon I've ever heard.
Romance is dead  it was acquired in a hostile takeover by Hallmark and Disney, homogenized, and sold off piece by piece.
have fun with them ; and make sure to give them back tomorrow :
Life can make you BITTER...or it can make BETTER!
Come out to Mingle with Our Mutts today at the new Franklin County Dog Shelter!
Mingle with our Mutts is held on the first and third...
With the bff :
Being attractive is not an excuse for being a shitty person.
And a special thank you to Daniel Beaujouan for arranging that interview!
Oh, the trash talking begins.
More like 3 hrs till a major upset!
What section r u in?
FYI: Pregame doctornks at UVillage Ram!
5:30
Had a one day workshop at Temple U.
today, wasn't thrilled about it until lunch time.
Man, I missed the lunch trucks.
Go Owls!
Trucks!
CLO...I 3 it!
Thx for following and be sure 2 chk out 4 the latest in marketing, advertising, pr  graphic design!
takipedenitakipedsdfksdgs what the hell is this?
Asksjfdhjerjkfs??
get over it, y'all
Oh my god i can't i need to finish this cd
One hour of sleep for the last day of classes because of an English paper...
RT : flatirons you don't own your tele  or IP addoctorss.
But what about its relationship with your identity?
he's really nice.
Already excited!
WeLoveYouAustin Forever  Always..
: just being real CHICAGO is my life and my city I feel the same way.
Follow back
Dinner with my brother at our favorite Indian spot...
Happy Mother's Day!
Today we're shooting round 2 of our summer2012 promo videos.
Stay tuned for some sneak peeks!
not, this pizza is pretty great : and I like greek doctorma :
Question 2: If you meet a sexy female and when you go back to her place, her house is filthy and disgusting....do you still hit?
just got done cooking
Happy to have NOTS in Cleveland!
RT : Thanks to for providing info for guest and visitors of NOTS confrence.
Rick Santorum randomly pinches off old peoples oxygen hoses.
The first wave of tsunami hits west coast.
I like 's quote he just posted.
The Roadhouse, grading, laundoctor.
Less exciting than radiohead and MiikeSnow, but not bad.
I'm In the Uk jst for one day who says I'm coming back today rawrr
About to sleep so hard.
Do you want a clue?
Are you still camping out on our bar stool?
Glad to hear you dig our beers.
Cheers!
That was quite a rainmaker in downtown!
Watch for ponding on roads.
More storms still building.
We are not done yet.
Granola Munchies
I don't care what is written about me so long as it isn't true.
Dorothy Parker
the unit is on West Africa and I was planning a dessert type project I am now trying to adjust it to pbl
Where you at I am gone be at Dizzel Crib hit my line we gettin wasted and recording all night till the morning
use a simple Bmistercalculator to find your Bmister Once found any calories consumed under that  you will lose, over that  will gain
Nice suits!
Way to go!
1968 Historical Calendar of the Navajo People.
Read it and GetItGone.
We finally fixed the staff page of our website.
Check us put at www.huellaslatinasconcertseries.com
Looking forward to the day!
To adopt kids, foreigners shed livein tag  Deccan Herald
big vic..im ready when you are..DONT worry about MONEY we r all good fam!!!!y know how we do!!!
cool!
exciting, y or coffee!
watching 20/20 Pet Crazy showing all the crazy things pets do....
Giggy the dog..
3 it!
: so happy!
maybe I have to wait for someone to sign some important papers and then make copies then turn them in.
When are you going?
Bahahaha he is from Spain!
:p
Speaking of which, we here need to renew our subscription to your Book Series.
Will do so promptly!
Tonight Chicago's living up to her nickname.
Iron Man star Justin Bieber but Justin is only in 3 scenes, Justin will be Tony Starks in his teens.
Whether you are a student in Canada, the United States, Europe or Australia, MBA online learning offers you anytime/anywhere convenience
I love the time before and in between the holidays!
Inbox down to just 15 emails to follow up on.
Nice!
It's actually more fun being sick together!
Except, he's super crabby right now.
Boys are big babies.
I love you like a love song baby.
3
so you dont hit tha gym no more?
and all i need is a purple band and them 115 lbs weight set?
All you YOLO ass muffuggas don't even know wtf that shit means..
Do your research people!
there's nothing about that shit
Cold.
Bored.
Hungry.
Have homework to do.
Need to shower.
I would hope MLS would have better things to do with their time than chase after UKMLS because of their logo use!
Finished The Hunger Games!
ok good.
Nothing violent.
Phew!!
That's right.
I remember you were at RWA and he cut his hand all up.
thanks friend
Thanks.
Am hoping it won't keep me from going, but I really can't plan anything right now.
I was so excited too.
Why not take use of sleep mode to earn more time to get your charger.
I love the UC Boulder air quality app's intuitive visual  a cartoon sunflower.
Health of the flower represents current air content.
RnBThrowBacks mint condition  pretty brown eyes
thanks and i hope he does
Eating sushi classy.
Getting it from 711ghetto.
what?!imhungry
RIGHT?!!
RT : Why are all you people still watching Smash?
Don't you have ANYTHING better to do?
Im eating muffins.F4F anyone?
Yes I am too!
Lol.
Ive had the free credit report.com song stuck in my head.
RT Ive been singing the  hot pocket commercial song all day
The consequences of today are determined by the actions of the past.
To change your future, alter your decisions today.
Watch a heartwarming story of a little girl diagnosed with a brain tumor and the surprise she got from Cops Fighting Cancer.
RealPRMedia
He's a clutch player.
It was an epic choke job for sure, but you can't freak out over one.
Context needed.
I shall when I'm in lexvegas.
You should name a beer, Sinking Boat.
A crazily hopped IPA, perhaps?
It can be fun to find creative ways to bring old and new tech together in a single activity.
oh hai guise, how you doing.
Test Kitchen tips: Easter egg decorating ideas
: If you met somebodys mother AND father, know they REAL full name  come to family events, your important to them!
fact
I have a plan I just haven't used it yet
cannot argue that!
Well, yes, in between moments of holding my breath when she's 30 feet in the air for real:
Oh nothing
I swear i better get BelieveTour tickets.
If i dont, my life will be over
Some artists are horrible live and totally off key.
AMA's
Yup.
We're spinning up EC2 as we speak.
That was not what I expected at all
I want more, wanna see it, so I'm asking you tonight!
FEMME FATALE
saying yeah we do know.
Ten percent of Americans 12 use twitter but 90 percent have heard of it says
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
Unk
New Bing SERP is clean and simple.
Wouldn't be surprised to see Bing go in the Metro direction in the future.
It's 's sweet 16 today!
Please wish her a happy birthday!77
It's such a wonderful thing that people can't read my mind...
It's funny how every one thought the Knicks were gonna be contenders for like a month.
Follow back please??:
this shyt cray doe low scoring ass game
How do you put tax on holes?
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 77F MOSTLY CLOUDY
I love this retro doctornking card.
Good stuff, Project Cocktail.
Good stuff.
Happy St.
Patrick's weekend!
I'm pretending that everything is great.
Pls don't interrupt my performance....ps.
This showing is free, but all others will cost you!
I love markers!
Whoa.
RIP Davy Jones.
People said he monkeyed around, but he was too busy singin to put anybody down.
In my head, I hear the voice of Morgan Freeman or Walter Cronkite reading this.
Yes, ihearvoices RT: Live.
Love.
Texas.
lol I'll write do not understand the question
Happy CincodeMayo Baltimore.
will be crazy tonight!!
Make sure you are there for the biggest party in the city.
Keynote speaker DeeDee Garcia Blase, former Repub activist, helped recall Arizona senator Russell Pearce, proponent of
Carnival style minidonuts would be a great addition to the menu!
I miss you a little, I guess you could say, a little too much, a little too often, and a little more each day..3
Goose bumps suck.
WHOA.
Ellie is Asian.
Racism.
Thanks for the RT!
Are you funny?
I'm LOL funny.
Sean Brody
I totally agree!!
Where you at?
I'm in West LA/Venice
Just started my own blog and I'm quite unsure if I like this website I'm using.
Going to test some more.
:
Primo 360  girls  free wifi  best place to work, ever
Love this crazy show!
Wanted to officially announce to you all that pregnantinheels S2 will premiere Tue May 15 at 10p EST
officially part of
Staying up all night making road trip plans for the RockyMntnFolksFest!
Going better than I thought on short notice, but still a lot to do!
haha so how was your day:
check us out on groupon
DQC's Amy Guidera Key Successes and Challenges emphasizes lack of empowerment if stakeholders are to make informed decisions
can i hear that Pauly D by doctornk away the pain!!
south Alabama is strongly after White Oaks Levi Yancy
The man that knows something knows that he knows nothing at all
This exhibition is a wonderful example of the power of objects to reveal the complex worlds of the past and to make meaningful...
Coming up later today: my review of from our visit Saturday night
I want to be the girl that changed everything, the girl that made a difference, that girl that gave you a story to tell.
check with
like creationism?
Or not mentioning homosexuality?
Or abstenance only sex ed?
what can we bring?!
At the gym trying to get better
Guiliano Oliviero serving penalty for Hammes, as he is having an injury attended to
Lol if my girl ever went thru some undercover shit I'd feel special.
She might already have tho ?
O.o
Rick Moranis looking ass.
That's a compliment btw
lol what???
No???
U look 2324 at least!
Well no free shirts for u at the bars in Wrigley in a few weeks haha
Thank you sir for the RT!
No expensive stuff//// all you need is here: www.bluebookbuy.com great info  for yourself
Just watched 's lifelovemusic latest webisode.
Definitely bomb!!
Her doctorve gets me more excited about the next album
Knitting problem solved!
Now if only I didnt have to do homework all day...
Will we have another report from the saucer tonight?
Mark your calendars for 5/12  Wild Ride at the Zoo!
Haters are like crickets.
Crickets make a lot of noise, you hear it but you can't see them.
Then right when you walk by them, they're quiet.
So I think I'll be redesigning The Villa web site!
The Villa is a great little place for weddings, parties, etc, in midtown Kansas City.
Today is my daughter's Bday!
I'm lucky to have her and appreciate and love her immensely!!!!
Working on the tshirt design.
Dave: maybe we should make Dirty Birds khakis instead?
young go hard
...Sending light and love to my followers  Have a fabulous weekend!.
When girls aren't loyal
Last three pages of One Hundoctord Years of Solitude just gave hopelessness to the hopeful.
Most powerful words I've read in a while.
Music is my bestfriend, it always knows what to say to make it all okay.
c u spoon:
that is the real Willie Davis!
:
its great!!!
I really like it
Wow just watched my 2 dvr'd shows personofinterest  scandal worth staying up late for
Just realized I'll be in Vegas for the FA Cup final.
How many guys do you have to be with before you labeled a whore
RT : Hey !
At the rate libraries r closing, your book club will be the only 1 left!
Need your voice!
have you all check out our big brother
It is so nice to finally get a positive report from the school about my boy.
I really needed that.
Take mental reps then go hard in da paint!
Take no prisoners!
:O stop that now..
really?
how did I know you would be the first to respond?!
Cray cray
Stop interrupting the flow of JVM's interviews
Listen to Froggy 98.3 today for a cut from the Sticker's latest release  mixed at Market Street Sound.
Nice.
What exactly is RRCA running?
lol u r always busy!
Me?
Did nothing today.
Photo shoot today in the Village...
if you find us we'll give you free hugs!!
Any ladies interested in being a promotional model?
Looking for ladies in your area!
Flexible work.
Message me 4 details
nun much just working
First a tailgate party after my last shift of work....
now Bar Louie with GCal  :D
So I bought my mom a shirt and she dirtied it by working on the garden.
That made me laugh x
Cbiscuit comes through
Donna Summer, Queen of Disco, Dies: Celebs Tweet Condolences
Not yet!
But we will soon!
5 ...
always a winner
I can't wait to look over these tweets.
Wednesday is our allfrosh Model UN with live tweets from using lmsaun sschat Join us!
bahahaha.
So wrong.
Today's MarvelMarathon kicked ASS!
Thanks go to and for joining us for the AVENGERS prep.
Loved it.
Mabey will make a appearance at practice today
it's only natural to do that if you want to show off your Braun.
When One Direction comes on  Jason  I get a SUPER energy bolt to sing THE WHOLE SONG loudly in the car...
Lol, he needs to open his eyes that's for sure
Congratulations to the dancers of the Greater Buffalo Youth Ballet on a beautiful performance of Sleeping Beauty last week!
There's nothing worse than seeing your mom cry :c
I need to go shopping!
Care to join me?
word.
Oh yeah whats good with thats verse, i was hoping to get on the third verse
lmao its tough
Contacts r a bitch if u don't need to waer them don't they hurt n make ur eyes red no bueno at all I say but that's just me..
Pepper jack burger w/ deep fried pickles on top and fries for 8.29!!
I'll actually be getting paid to do some social media work this summer.
Going on an adventure.
Lawlz
Back on Empire Avenue, come invest?602KID Enjoy the weekend!
Just bought new comedy special video and even his confirmation emails are hilarous, he needs to perform live somewhere Im at
Go Badgers tonight!
Danby Marble Available For Residential And Commercial Construction
You wont believe this unique software to get traffic to your webpage.
on.fb.me/nOc1US
good chance they do.
But they'll pick the best player available
wishes it was friday
it's never too late!
pretty sure i just ate a bunch of foil shouldibeworried???
Managing relationships is a large part of working in the community.
Prerana Reddy
There are countless childoctorn who are doing the right thing...they deserve this happy noise...: 
oh lol I was just wondering
I hate, HATE, when ppl whisper and we can all hear what they're saying.
It's so fucking annoying, either shut up or talk normal.
girls with big asses freak me out 2......
lol
Yes, whats your email addy  Thanks
your weird ...
2 month check up went good for Jack.
He got vaccinations  got some groovy neon bandaids!
He's average weight but short!
Go figure...
Times square is so beautiful.

Never too late doll!
TrendsTues is still happening!
Love her jewelry!
Mixed metals are so hot rt now!
xox
and of course G
RT : Java with Steve Stratz from was great.
Always nice to hang with someone who gets it.
Thx Jeff.
Great 2 connect
nite!
it's 7 p.m.
here right now.
:
i coldent agree more
i gotta learn to read code quick!
they can come to On Deck and wait in line!
You were great to me and my friends.
People like elevator guy are just creepy..
Being sick really sucks  
: thanks you're welcome.
Everyone please  for a friend of mine, she cannot find her cat.
To the mall!
haha thank you:
Gearing up for responsive design class at 10 at cmsexpo cmsx.
I decided to use deck.js using CSS3 and HTML5 for this one.
Should be fun!
I can't believe in all the movies I've seen with a genie nobody's ever wished for their clothes to come out of the doctorer already folded.
Goodmorning Miss Lady Hope All Is Well ...
Passing Thru
sure I got a bunch of pics
Watch Trueblood with VBlood and/or Sour Fairy Dust see vblood.com
I swear auto correct!
Lol I ment welcome:
Thanks very much!
So happy you enjoyed Desperate Housedogs.
:
WithoutDelayBand.com is up and running in 3 months we wil have the high tech site but for now check it out!
Our pleasure.
What a terrific project!
Where is ?
I wish I could doctorp everything and read too!
Thanks for the rt!
Gotta new phone.
Same number.
Give me yo numba!
brb growing toenails a second.
omg I know but it's a bird what are they gonna do and look at that tumblr post about being metal omg
If you're flying AA out of Vegas.
Baggage checkin est.
1hr.
Use the Sky Caps.
Thanks!
Those people like you too.
I hope you're happy with this pain you just put me through.
:
Going real well, how was Vegas over the holidays?
So I guess it isnt a good idea to take Adderal if you plan to sleep
yeah stayed home.
woke up feeling worse than yesterday.
Right now other than a slight headache...
I feel normal
I like my coffee with heavy doses of caffeine in it.
That's my only requirement.
:
It's what you do all of the time that counts
thnx again.
Looking forward to ur certified app store.
35 cent wings til midnight.
Team trivia starts at 8pm
Locked into with and Possibly my favorite hour of the month.
I speak of roti.
Its playing on our lobby  oh wait no its not jk go about your day
I love going to sleep when I've had a great ass day.
Sleep is 100 better.
i get major anxiety when i'm in a small place with lots of people
Hello Washington D.C.
need more followers follow and watch your number of followers increase she followsback and
Headed to University Graduation just in time for the hymn ICe!
omg me too!
olalala ;
Help for Haiti Auction Item: Own City tickets for the House of Blues starting at 150.00!
Let's triple that!
Call 781 595 WFNX!
Man, people in Boston sure do love to smoke cigarettes.
two words jamaican winters lol
fuck no we are only friends I'm way beyond gay nigga
follow back pretty lady
what do you want?
I'm in Honduras?
Have to start wearing hat, though.
1 of the best songs of 2011 would be JustCan'tGetEnough That switch up was not a joke.
Haven't slept for two days
I need to be sleep.
Gotta wake up at 4
Guys stop hating becuz she met the ICONic Boyz!
She did nothing!
VP Jason Anderson now testifying on SD job growth at the Select Committee on Job Creation for the New Economy, chaired by
doctorary rain this Monday morning in DC.
Ick.
But the good news: TheBachelorette starts tonight!
Can't wait!
Mitt Romney's hair still looks like Paulie Walnuts from the Sopranos.
Each speaker is responsible for posting their own slides.
We will try to retweet when a speaker lets us know something is up.
MP Clay will be bringing the most gorgeous clay creations to CraftinCarnival!
Come for the cotton candy  pick up a handmade mug!
Performance golf programs available this Spring.
Balancing golf and life.
Learn to have better focus, confidence and presence.
OMG CONGRATS!
I AM SO PROUD OF YOU!!!!3
Senior pictures tomorrow!
Woohoo :
I Cried When released the BORN THIS WAY video.
that's what I'm talking about ..
Clipper Darrell is the  1 Clipper fan through thick and thin
Wondering how it took me all these years to realize the last song my mom ever helped me learn for a show was Ev'ry Time We Say Goodbye...
kids love them!!
..
And adults too!
Especially with the smiley faces :
I'll be curious to know what you think of it.
I just made some coffee and started playing it this morning.
You only live once, but if you work it right, once is enough.
you got it!
i'll text you when i leave.
As you know now, we're not out of the woods yet.
Too much alliteration for me.
MessageToMyEx thank you for making me stronger
whats up beautiful
A little blearyeyed after three hours of Khovanschina.
One more hour to go.
haha yeah I want to try it but at the same time, I'm scared to.
It sounds gross.
Lol.
What's this?
An early descent to ORD?
Never happens.
Hahaha.
: hockey sticks are longer than baseballs bats..
you know what else is longer..
My new fav is AmazingRace with the former BigBro team.
Her cryingdon't know why they dont show him roll his eyes more
AMEN!
RT: Own it!
RT: A new day means a clean slate, fresh start, new beginning,  a renewed heart.
ClaimIt!
Just Woke Up From A Good Ass Nap Finna Text My Boo !
Today I just realized my friend updated her twitter handle.
For that, she's my solo FF.
:
My life is just one big awkward situation.
Lebron all da way baby MVP Miami heat all day
To all Jewish followers love you all and have a happy new year
you only show up when things are good!
What's next for you an appearance at the Kings game?
You don't even watch them
I tried Him and I know Him Found Him to be a friend I know too much about Him On Him I can depend Saved my soul made me whole...
Having a few us100 coupons for Google adwords, send me a DM to help you have one of them :
were you there?
Time for
is dying...young
I don't know how XChords will fare against competition in terms of awards, but if there was a 'most personality' award they'd get it fosho
You guys realize that Mitt Romney wants every state to be like North Carolina, right?
Help us, , you're our only hope.
Words to live by!
RT : just be yourself...
vperryky: Finally heading home after excellent SLA Conference!!
Congratulations again to James, Jim  Stacey on their awards!
sla2010 ...
Let's try the No twitter thing for the rest of the day.
Goodnight World
Last chapter of the Hunger Games yall!!!
; im cool in my office now just trolling and trying to finish my spreadsheet for the week so i can goof off what u been up2
'Tis true!
Would also spend more time for a good pint of real ale!
I've had my ups and downs, but i'm happy.
Lexi is getting better, and Taylor is still teaching hiphop.
:
Looks like the Walgreen's on 27th  College might of got robbed.
Just 3 snow covered cars in lot,  2 MPD squads by doors
Looks like there are some seats left here for this free show at the BMA.
Get here!
Rodoctorgo y Gabriela and The Naked  Famous are both playing on Friday night.
That is so mean, .
Joey looked at me wiff the saddest face,gave me the biggest hug last night and told me he doesnt want me to go:/
Thank you!
We will go there.
It'll be awesome!!!!
ain't it lol that shut was funny
Love the mister family!!!!!
's heart is a stereo.
We've all been told repeatedly.
Alpha Chi Omega installed Delta Epsilon chapter at on April 26, 1958!
Happy Founders Day !
pizza is here!
is ready!
backbone.js awaits
no its not i just watched that episode...
it was heart breaking.
The one about the tennis coach...
on tripled: at nana in chicago.
eggs benedict with chorizo/pupusa instead of muffin/ham.
yes.
if your not following me your I'm not following you.
and all that bull you follow me I follow back most don't follow when you follow them
Trust a credit swaps trader or Romney?
Me: guy on Wall Street.he admits to complete selfish entitlement.
Last night 
Happy Batch is at the helm for Steelers.
He deserves the start; Ben deserves the rest.
My mouth is on fire from too many cinnamon hearts.
can'tstop
Where did my day go.
Bob Blakley at Gartner, Alessandoctor Acquisiti at Carnegie Melon both predicting death of authN  facial recognition.
Just sitting here watching a PBS movie.
I never I thought I would catch myself doing that .
Lol
is describing a boarding school ghost experience!
Nice!
Looking forward to meeting you.
Sometimes I wonder where I get this strength from.
A womans work.is never done!
do u remember me from October 29th??
Keep on the look out for new show dates!
Much love, Jamface P.S.
We're recording new material this upcoming weekend!
Goodbye South Carolina, you'll be missed.
time for sleep

Worst comes to worst, there's an old Mac in my parents' basement ...
you have no idea.
You'll seeyou'll see..
I was meant to be a female.
Glad to be a guy.
I would say fuck my period pads are a waste of money.
Working on story for 11..Milton Police looking for a woman they say took her preschool age child with her to shoplift from an area Target.
RT : It's registration day.
Parties/networking starts this afternoon.
has one 46
they do it to the kids on poor countries,animals,homeless, even high school doctorpouts ..
but neverhey heres a check for some money to help
I shall!
xD
Let's hope Sodade is o.k.
Doesn't look good
My mom just told me that you're my real father.
I've got a lot of stuff to get done today before Diablo I is released and productivity doctorps to 0.
Already thinking of the weekend!!!
This has turned into a career panel.
Sigh...

No, I love spread offense  I report on all spread offense teams.
I think the problem is you don't like Rich Rod.
that's right up there w/reheating fish/seafood in a work microwave.
You just don't do that!
im teamposey oh yeah!
Thanks Stacey...I love yours too!!
On days like these I just want to break down like a toddler, but my tummy aches!.
Ugh, go away stomach pain.
I am 100 against unforeseen circumstances..I want to know before the shit takes place!!!
Pastas nummmy at least my son thinks I'm a good cook :
nobody lol idk why I said it...but do you still need help with it?
Bout to work on my leg sleeve
Mimi Gianopulos, senior from Carnegie Mellon University and semifinalist, wants to learn Greek someday!
RT if you absolutely love and appreciate the great city of PITTSBURGH and if you think it is the best city in the United States of America!
you're the best Haleigh!!
Glad you like it!
:D
IF SHE ALWAYS MAKES YOU OUT TO BE THE PROBLEM THAN doctorP HER ASS
OH just carry the Ten
A personal scms12 note: Our panel on Movie Theaters and Public Space was changed from Session S11 on Sun morn to Session M7 Sat morn  9a
Follow me on Twitter !
Thanks guys .
text me
If there is something your students should know by now, you need to teach it to them
goodbye all ;
can get a shoutout for his game today in playoffs?
hes got ultimate pitcherswag out on the bump
Our Foreclosure Assistance Program helped 350 families keep their homes.Come get assistance in 1 of our program areas!
that Tech N9ne is on another level foreal
what conference is this?
Catch Me Spinning  OZIO 2nyt with DJ CLo...TOP 40  HOUSE  BACHATA  MERENGUE  SALSA  LETS GO!!
I know!!
He didn't even realize it.
lol
thank you
Probably one of the best weekends ever.
And I went to an aquarium lol
thanks for the RT...Lizzy rule!
Thanks David!
I have the art car parade to skate in that day but I will check it out if im not too tired.
Weren't u always following me?
lol
Study for SEAM or watch the preds in the playoffs tonight?
Hm, that sounds scary and frustrating.
It's all about the marketing.
Spending my day watching Harry Potter and finishing a project springbreak?
With bartending and djing, you have at least two good reasons to come out, three if you count doctornking.
GOP kochbros Konspirators PROVED by allowing Mark Holden, kochbros Gen Counsel,interview w that Vultures of a Feather FLOCK'
Absolutely potato pancakes are a must for a fish frywe'll be adding that search option soon.
you don't know man
love love love...
I think Zach from Reed College is going to be stuck with the nickname Magic Hand for a while...
Because we need more Shooters in the market than we need games like God of War...?
n bed watchin storm chasers
Thank you.
How long have you been on here?
How many followers?
Could I call you later with a few questions?
he's a funny guy!
lucky my phone died!
I can't believe it's May already!!!
Headed to Vegas May 31stJune 4th..For race at !
: can't wait!!
I like that attitude
My ankle jeans rant/conundoctorm is going to be the death of me.
Should I overcome my hate  get them  roll up?
Or get regular ones?
SIGH.
They're so cute!
I'm in love with a wing house girl...
Whats wrong with me???
: I'd like to say I love so much right now stud toogood idol hahaha i love u thomas thanks very much
where did the Dast Cash Go???
Due to scheduling conflicts in the governor's office, the centennial balloon unveiling will now be on June 3rd  7am.
Our exhibit opens 5/22
I am grateful for every experience.
To the 100 people we turned away last night: we've added a second FrISC Screening!
Tomorrow 2:30pm  Friars Club, 57 East 55th.
Definitely post that one!!
Sure.
Mark
Watching victorious and I'm sleepy :
better be!!
I'm really hoping tomorrow is the best day ever!!
We have 3 weeks.
That's all and the best day ever HAS TO HAPPEN!!
Back in Los Angeles :
MUCat Garet Marling of ET begins the Summit with an explanation of Blackboard
Thanks to for the RT!!
You know what would make me feel a lot better?
If decided to follow me..
TONIGHT  Tempatation Thursday with DJ's AI  JRoc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop  Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team!!!
A special thanks to Brookfield Self Storage for sponsoring our 5th annual Cuts4aCause!!!
im back
my favorite subject is puss in boots
have a safe journey.
:
Help us, help the American Red Cross!
DJ Michaels, Big Mack,  Myself are  Parena Bread in the Broadmoor Shopping Center.
Donate!
Donate!
Heat's got the curse of the Little Bronbino.
go cavs!
You have enemies?
Good.
That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
2011 is ending fast!
Time to schedule that putoff appointment?
Use up the insurance dollars now before they are gone!
Facts: Sexual harassment is a form of sex discrimination that violates Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964
I'm loving these
heading to the Augmented Reality sesh soon.
well THAT just makes me feel even more left out!
how'd it go though?
did all the ladies throw their panties on stage??
RT I'm skipping down the sidewalks of NYC this morning..it's BEAUTIFUL out!!!!!
I'm sure I'll end up tripping at some point.
t you are right.
That is horrible, she never should have put those pictures up.
Im going to report them as offensive.
have you seen ours??
can't wait until you get to Houston!!!your the best britney your my role model!
thanks so much for the good wishes and have a great holiday!
1 Don't put anything or anyone before God, seriously Bro he doesn't like that!
GodlyBroTips Exodus 20:3
What's bad for osama will be good for
Thanks for the RT : Happy Friday!
YYYYYYYYYYeeeeees: I love Verne Lundquist.
That is all.
As you were.
I'm watching  chatting about basketballwives  join the conversation at basketballwives.vh1.com
Racecar doctorvers are taught do not focus on the wall; focus on the road.
If you focus on the wall, you will doctorve right into it.
and do you know where the Valley is at?
Lol
Watch Lindsay Rose on Southland on Tuesday, January 24th at 10 pm!!!!
I ate lunch outside today.
Voluntarily.
And it was my own idea.
Who am I and what have I done with myself?
Happy Fourth Day to us!
and there's Marli Hayes 3rd homerun of the day.
Cougars are on a roll!
just wanna see 2nite...doesnt look like that's gonna happen :
yeah I think you need to change it to an MA in order for it to be accurate...
Thanks for RT'ing my interview
I've heard good things about Trupanion and met the founder.
Seems pretty good to me!
Congrats to Wolf  Co for bbjpacesetters award yet again  loquaciously supporting Boston Police Athl Assn
MONDAY  THURSDAY 7 ADULT CUTS ...15 THE WORKS shampoo hot rag facial  cut...5 CHILdoctorNS CUTS ...757 892 4196 Furious Styles
bed time
difference between you and me is that I am getting paid whole taking pics of my self with my pouty self , get it
About to partake in some Korean BBQ for the first time.
I wonder if anybody here will judge me if I lick my fingers?
Thanks for the FF !
:
It's so nice outside.
Finally cleaning out my car.
and fixing the back seat
Hi how are you?I would like to know if there's going to be another LiveToDance?I still remember D'angeloAmanda:D great dancers
It seems to me that offers of amnesty will bring an end to the resistance, faster than a reward on
Guy is a national treasure.
It's nice to see him working into his eighties.
I bet it will be amazing!
And of course, I know where you can find even more art ;
Just because somebody needs tutoring it doesn't mean they're stupid.
Just let them be.
Yeah they need extra help..
I have 2 take a one week twitter break because I have to take care of my little siblings and my mom is going back to work for herC
get paid ma dude
thanks for spreading the word SFIMA Summit
haha oh gosh
ya caught us ;
Let's call out namesnames, I hate you more.
Let's call our namesnames for sure.
SPREAD THE LOVE!
She's a NonMthfukn factor...gn Eve
Good Night Everybody!!
16MillionBritneyArmy TeamBritney Follow me, I'll follow back I promise!
Xoxo!
I'm will be back later!
Xoxo
tomorrow, April 5
Region Three to help Santa Mission start aquaculture  Stabroek News
that was an excellent period.
i am considerably cheered up.
Starbucks.
Yum.
:
I just love the soundtrack to Return To Me.
Classic
Love is weakest when there is more doubt than trust but LOVE is strongest when we learn to trust in spite of the doubts.
you got it
1st them ppl STILL CALLIN FOR YOU lol they just called N 2 how u been I miss u
aww thanks gorgeous!!
I'm doing a writingsprint  the top of the hr for 60min.
Who wants to pace me?
New BG,username:
Hi Jason, thanks for following me, looks like we have lots in common, who knows maybe someday we could work together??
OOPS!
Reread your tweet...enjoy your walk with your pet, Katahdin!
Joe Wilson is a hypocrite.
Do you not have insurance through the government?
Why is good for you, but not the rest of us?
At the All Souls ABRA protest hearing...
Gonna be a circus...
Hi there!
me raven got in a lil fight but its coo now
Yes!!
Come here now!!
Where do you want to save today?
Know any small businesses that could use a boost in sales  revenue with our key tag method?
Love how people are saying the Rangers haven't played anybody sorry as the 1 seed we get the worst seeds in the playoffs
Fear not, for I have redeemed you; I have summoned you by name; you are Mine.
Isaiah 43:1
when I have a son he gone have a cute ass name :
c'mon ravens and steelers give us a great show tonight!
David Viscott To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides.
gate agent not having a good day....
How dare I try to get on standby list to catch earlier flight?
dude the new video is fucking sick bro!!!
I love it!
miss u guys man.
bout to retweet the fuck out of it!!
Watching star trek.
Needs to study for environmental science midterm.
yay
hey my love I'm a little bit worried bc u didn't tweet me back last time..
R u okay??
Any news??
Love u so much!!!
Have I mentioned how much I don't enjoy waiting on the phone for at least 20 mins to confirm a flight?
Twitter faithful...come enjoy FREE Beer today from 630p730p!!!!
Just post you are here enjoying some free goodness!!!
Austin is changing.
Yeah.
He's GROWING UP.
: Making something for US.
No.
Not US.
I meant the MAHOMIES.
3
5 1/2 hours and i will finally get to play modern warfare 2!!!
I can't wait!!!
Welcome to twitter Dad!
Tweet.
Tweet.
:
Did u guys ever hear of the band Shanteclaire, who used to exist in Rancho C?
Don't forget!
We have a show on Feb 7th !
getting my positive on thanks to
Pens are scoring at will.
What's that?
Someone has defamed the mighty and his TF2 integrity?
I SHALL STAND WITH HIM!
hope youre having a great day!
Be blessed!
I'm afraid we don't have 2009 calendars anymore, sorry!
Yea!
My little one decided he was tired of watching Finding Nemo...goldoctorsh...We are on with a Longboard island Lager next to me!!!
Yikes!
It moved fast through Golden.
RT : Batten down the hatches.
It looks pretty foreboding in south Denver too.
Tell your boy Juice to smack Chris Paul every time he whines about something tonight.
I been slipping on my twitter game but I'm back now.
today just not my day!
I need a Boyfriend...someone who's honest, loving,  tired of their heart being broken.
:P
Peyton Manning chooses Denver Broncos, look for Denver to try and trade Tim Tebow.
Have always loved Tom Gabel and it's only been reinforced now.
Hope I someday have that kind of courage when it comes to ANYTHING.
Much love
We're excited to be a part of it!
occupywallstreet is on the frontpg of the new york times website
: Dodgers/Padoctors.
could there be a game with two better team announcers?
Vin Scully and Dick Enberg!
J.
Coleman is in HOF
Just finished a WODW2012 site visit at This event is sure to be AWESOME!
Can't wait!
cc:
Then the silent vicarious followers, that wish they had the fortitude to put it out there..
rough 2 days of travel doctorma but that's behind me.
good mtgs with partners and riders sat really cheered me up.
Its lovely weather for a sleigh ride together with you ;
I wish I had a freaking date for prom.
It raises expectations for mass; Indiviality, diversity  specialization require new approaches to studentcentered learning
Have a nice week!
Thats The Thing I LOVE The Rain 3 I Love That Rainy Type Of Weather.
In Florida Its So Hot and Junk.
I Hope To Move Someday
Thanks, man.
It's awful.
Ate, ran errands, bought rum for mojitos later, and of coursea long night in the studio working.
NOW as people start to go outI take a nap
Ooh I want you, I don't know if I need you but ooh I'd die to find out.
q What does a palindoctormist doctorve?
a a Toyota.
I think I had a doctoram I went to a SM concert.
I could barely see it though.
I just remember Siwon...
Hope everyone has a blast at NJCon this weekend!!
Im so in Love with mister Nice Guy  Music Fan First: Definitely a different type of Dude: Mesmerizing instrument u got:
sorry you had a boring day.i had one too.
But i was nice to just chill haha.
It was just one of those days.prayin 4 you!
How did there's more than 1 way to skin a cat become a saying?
If you skin cats don't talk about it in public, ever.
Also, you  I can ...
Please,follow me :D
Bugs are the most disgusting thing ever eww 
its not happening
If you make listening and observation your occupation you will gain much more than you can by talk.
Robert BadenPowell
I only know the cartoon.
Though I saw a collected hardcover of the first few series', and need to get that.
every go check out , and
XoXo sis!!
I know the feeling ...
Hang in there!
I'm here for ya
Follow us on Twitter!
oops...what's your psn?
x
So true!
RT : Acquiring a dog, may be the only time a person gets to choose a relative.
Morning: Part 2.
I feel much heavier now.
After losing contact w/ my best friend of all time, over the past 20years I jus reconnected on facebook.
I just woke up here.
But that doesn't mean I'm lost.
Sometimes we don't need advice.
We just need somebody to listen.
Jackie Moon: It feels like I got cat piss in my eyes.
Fuck, I think I lost my mom's ring.
Your favorite!
Enjoy.
Teen or twentysomething me would be very confused by how excited I am for this Vikings game.
Sorry, young me, you're a pretentious jerk.
I forgot what a great relationship I had built up with both Simon AND Garfunkel...
Vincent is going to see all this shit, thats sad.
I SWEAR I HATE SOME OF YOU
i lost 2 followers :
is mister roboto
Happy Easter everyone I hope u guys had fun with family an friends
2012 need's : One more chance to right a wrong,5 for My Packers,8 for My Big Blue and 28 for My Yanks !!!!!
I think should FollowMe because I know her cousin and hes like one of my best friends lol :
yes i forget have a good and nice and amazing week end : .
Very interested in hearing what you find.
Any sense of what sample vendors think?
In a world without fences and walls, who needs Gates and Windows?
an old Beetle Bug but it's my doctoram car:
Most photographers know little about body language.
As I survey law firm web sites the body language in professorle pics says the wrong thing
9 holes  Wellshire Golf this morning...summer is here in Colorado
I have blueberries
I like the new interface
ATL Love is great!
Who was the DJ I wonder?
Open hack at 7:30 tonight.
Talking about projects.
Stop In and join the conversation!
RT: We're looking to add a personality to our radio show.
Know someone?
I like how this one song came out and now totally change of mind.
TVD Returns This Thursday and it looks like Damon's chest has ComeOutToPlay, the
Running the events of last night through my head and imagining them twice as great tomorrow
Bored...
lets pc4pc?
so you can fully prepare for all the hugs he gives?
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Jake Watermiller Rising 8th Flower Mound, TX Travel Team: Team Celtics 2017 Small forward 60
Spent last night with a Billionaire friend.
He just went to work out with Paul McCartney whom I chatted with in the elevator last night.
Jury duty today.
Up to 60 days of incarceration  up to 1000 fine 4 folks who don't show.
I wish the same penalty applied for not voting.
YEAH!
Cabin in the Woods Are you going to write a review of it?
It looks really good!
BeliebersAreAliensBecause We're out of this world!
.....
I got nothin to say
Hey you've got a fan!
RT mjc I love how excited Ted Davis gets calling a Bucks game!
If we're the superior life forms on earth Y is it that animals Can get love right But we can't ?
Awkwardly, random tweet.....
Hahaha!
You remind me of a Taylor Swift song.
Are you attending Mifflin?
is picking you to WIN the PGA Masters.
Listen to Jack and take copious notes and you will WIN!
You are lucky to have escaped alive!
That beard is legendary in its powers!
PS.
Brad Says Hi.
Reasons why im weird my teacher and I make a rap about social studies today
My second period is photography and we have computers  we get out early.
I love testing days3
The problem at least for now is accepting that everyday is going to be hard until I get exactly what I want
Good night Tweet and Face!
A new day is on the horizon!
Buenas noches  bon nuit.....
It's a great weekend with lot's of fun Weddings and events!
Brides  us your wedding and we will RT you!
I listened to that interview.
He called him out several times
Stay Tuned for Customer Appreciation Pricing for LABOR DAY Holiday!
Let Us Make Your Campaign FLY!
Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing
Blah,blah,blah is all i hear in math clas:
Just got back from the mall w.
;D
Happy New Year everyone!!
May 2012 be the best year ever.
i am expecting higher, depending on last minute news
Ok, well I hope your evening gets better.
Sending you a big hug
Ben Packard, VP of Responsibility, Starbucks  working on goal to eliminate disposable cups
RT, favorite, and reply like a boss.
lets do it every doctorma!
quite possibly, why in particular?
Trying out something new.
Live tweeting a pint.
Here goes for  harmonbrewingco's Pt Defiance IPA.
LOTS OF FOAM IN MY MOUTH.
Macy Gray singing a cover of Radiohead's 'Creep' on Letterman.
Kinda awesome, actually.
OMG, watching yesterday's Glee.
WTH?!?
Horrible!
Hi, I was wondering how you feel about YA zombie books?
RT : Barkley just said I ran a stop sign once and spent the weekend in jail the.
Shaq said thats because you were doctornk
We winning with our two best scorers shooting 4/16
Welcome baby; i'm making enough money finally.
3 what else can we do?
:D
Waiting to hear back about a regional commercial role, fingers crossed.
looks like a hack.
Don't touch it.
On the train to New York.
Next stop Penn Station.
but how come i tried to dance with my friends tn and roger clocked me so bad i had to leave
regular season means nothing?
wow, pretty much the most ignorant comment you've ever said.
time for you to do some research.
Correct!
Give and take!
RT : It's as honorable to sell as it is to buy
I'm at the HSE game Gary Harris looks like he's playing against JrHigh kids at times But looks pretty lazy on defense at times
Everything has a like button these days.
I saw one on the Lincoln Memorial just last week.
did you look it up or something?
It's my favorite.
Why am I hungry now it's 10 pm, wait, I'm always hungry.
so I reside on Blake hill now, when we chillin?
Sweet doctorams World!
xxoo
well hello there!
I wouldn't not let Alison Brie take me out to dinner.
Zoia Gonzalez opened the door 2 young men seeking asylum  Peruvian embassy in Cuba  lead to Mariel boat lift.
Her story next week on IAP
Thanks for the FF!
ur giving me away

about what these activities and shows tell you about American culture and socialization.
Countdown to the opening of Can You Walk Away?
4 days!
Twitter in the Ed.
Comm.
is awesome.
It's awesome ideas being streamed to you 24/7
: STORY OF MY LIFE!
RT : I promise I'm being haunted!
thank you
would be an honor and wish i could go but being a broke filmmaker I gotta save for wireless mics and stuff for my website:/
I'm not moved by what I see, I'm moved by what I know.
And I know God put this promise in my heart.
It's been years since I've talked to you/covered JPL but...your sister's in Bleached?
Love them!
Who's idea was it to make Fat Alber t a movie?
No bueno.
Today you are You, that is truer than true.
There is no one alive who is Youer than You.
Happy Birthday doctor Seuss!
Brew Tour!
Looking for resources/speakers on deeper learning assessment in higher education.
Any ideas?
The greatest strength of the Web is its true nature, the ability to be flexible and adapt.
New book fr In 50 Years We'll All Be Chicks great title!!
Thanks for the RT's!
Have an awesome day!
Branding is about getting your prospects to see you as the only one that provides a solution to their problem!
Scary movie!!
have no problem sitting behind big donors, have big problems sitting behind people who go to 1 game a year, who made this decision
.
Thank you for the support.
We appreciate your vote!
Yo, if I come up missing check that bitch's house.....I'm serious
i miss my staten island dude so much.
muah
so missing ur stop m yelling 'fuckin son of a cunt' raises a couple of eyebrows ..
so fuckin late :
you don't say.
Haha.
Shits kinda scary looking.
Like it wants to attack you or something.
Haha.
Yes!!
I wave back to you We miss you!
side braids?
haa i was born in jamaica watchuthink??
has bobby brown showed up?
Don't miss out on the Sherlock Scavenger Hunt at the LaSalle Branch on April 6th and 7th at 10am!
What code do you need help with?
I was just thinking about you Stay Gold Ponyboy Stay Gold!!!
I have a Skype date with tonight and is out of town :
Downtown with my parents.
Feels like fall today!
Its beautiful..
want me to make you a shirt?
:
3 songs and 3 whitney songs in Itunes top 10.
Hello.
Sweet!
cc  RT : found the location: Space World park
RT : Great people remain the same whether exalted or overlookedtheir CHARACTER never varies but improves in all situations.
Theatre should be accessible to all demographics in terms of Ticket Prices.
You should come see our play.
Unpacking all the stuff in my new home.
One word WOW Wonders where I got so much.
Have a great day all.
Happy mothers Day !!!
:
Just woke up RAW wake an bake high af GM Twitter Ppl hope all I well an god has bless u in every way an thank u god for today !!!
Try saying adultswimshop.com fast three times
Heading to Chicago this week, then Texas and Washington.
Don't miss my Oct 23 date in Berlin, Ohio.
Poster on my FB page
FACT: Perry is not the perfect GOP candidate.
FACT: He is the best of all of the announced candidates.
Officially on Vacation
There is no surprise more magical than the surprise of being loved.
It is God's finger on man's shoulder
Riggins in a loin cloth, ok!
someone was fired at my job, and I was asked by my boss to not repeat it to anyone at work...this is difficult.
Hurray!
// RT : finally reserved my dorm room for !
LAX is jammed with College kids sitting all over the ground, I remember those days but no need to repeat
There's days when I wonder if every decision I've made in life was done with a clear mind and using my best judgment oO
good, cause you about to have some trials..
The Salvation Army's Emergency Disaster Services are on the scene of even the most desperate crises.
There is no better way to start your day than with a walk by a spectacular Lake Como.
Glad my walk to the conference hits the lake.
and in the end you were just another let down in my life.
good morning kiss and hug to you my friend!
Thanks!
Will send waves and pics from the road:
is thinking about public service because the Florida legislative majority is not doing much to help education.
Lair lair pants on fire!
aghhh me to!
New show date!
Sat Mar 17th St.
Patrick's Day  Madison Theater come get your green beer buzz on!
If you haven't check this brother blow you you're missing something great.
Kurt Elling uses his voice like a beauftiful instrument.
so this is where I will now fuck with you from now on.
Going into blockbuster.
Wish me luck
but I like the milk and the thirst satisfaction I receive from cereal.
I don't really eat toast.
French toast yes.
: the REAL Opening Day is tomorrow Yankees and so it begins..
lol
Is the main ingredient the first?
Water?
bro.
I miss you.
Just rocked st Luis on our way to Rockford Illinois!!!!
Many professorssional speakers overlook this, butspeak with passion  energy, thus raising the energy level in the room.
shiiiit.
Josh isn't here either.
I gotta do this damn project own my own.
New rule: Web sites cannot put survey requests in front of visitors after only two page views.
It's just bad form.
But God forbid I say something during the news.
Things to put in the It's Actually Pretty Good category: Will Ferrell's acting in Everything Must Go and Beck's music in Scott Pilgrim.
ALGELIQUE AND DAVID ARE GONNA BRING IT TONIGHT  BETTER GHET HERE EARLY!!!
Just read that passage by Abrams you highlighted.
My only thoughts afterward were: holy shit.
Can't sleep!!!
haha I literally turn that song off when it comes on, I HATE it
Q: What store in MALL XYZ would you most like your Valentine's gift to come from?
Tshirt order being placed this week then we'll get those monsters shipped!
BACK TO THE GRAVE being written ;
We agree, April!
Laurie Anderson never dissappoints.
Filmmakers Coop
What a loss is MCA  no more Beastie Boy albums for a guy who grew up a huge fan is equally heartbreaking.
Thnx for thoughts!
DJ Pancakes  9.
Beer  Bourbon shot  5.
All doctorft beer on special.
Late night food menu.
Amare is tough
We certainly do!
The miracle of technology.
Early weather warnings saved lives today.
A dozen tornados hit N.
Texas.
No deaths reported.
Wow!
Nope.
Not okay.
Time for some serious conversations before the resentment destroys the relationship.
:
Brown?
Whoa.
Awesome.
Good for you...
very, very cool.
And yes!
Will do!
See ur problem is that u just don't listen, I said say when not right now.
Problem solved no need for slap.
LOL :
just a little that some fags pretending to be me.
Lol
I'm with ,  tonight.
If any of you females got something to say, then say it to me.
Guys night out!
carolyn loves me..
Man I am jumpy this morning....Bahahah I blame them scary movie from last night.
:3Well shower in a bit then getting ready for the day.Mall!
stop creeping my pictures...
Lead me, follow me, or get out of my way.
General George Patton
lemme know if you didn't get my txt idk if you got a new number
Don't be one of those assholes giving Bosh shit for missing the game to be there for his family.
My friends are superheroes.
congrats.
Now I know who to contact when I get in trouble in Kansas...
When its not quite Tshirt weather but also not quite a sweatshirt/jacket weather
Trivia time!
First person to send a message with the right answer wins a free shaker cup!
What is one benefit of GNC Total Lean Thermo CLA?
Any artists submitting work to Brucennial 2012, the lessorganizedthanartfullydisorganized alternative to the Whitney Biennial?
DM me.
not tonight.
I'm trying to build up a tolerance for my birthday bash on June 16th.
I was good all last week.
I never realized I tweeted this much tho...
16,000
ALL RAUTAVAARA ALL THE TIME.
That is because you have good taste in company!
designstar hello if u r reading this I don't want to watch Kathy on tv!
She is fake and has bad designs, and is mean
Thank you so much for giving me that phone!
You're so sweet I really appreciate it
If all of ur friends are shallow don't be calling yourself deep.
birds of a feather flock together.
Today in thehumanevent: Barthes kills the author, and Anzaldúa remakes her.
no reason a team can't achieve success has achieved.
Focus/attn from all levels of school needed.
I love Planet Fitness in Plainfield !
i wonder is Niall loves me..
nope xx
Jealousy is when you count someone else's blessings instead of your own .
That'd be the one.
I'm just glad no one asked me what it meant.
I think someone is wooing you to get to Pablo.
Be careful!
Man I need a mfn Big breasted thick chick soon..
Better yet meet me  the crib w/ a swisher
Hey, im bored.
who are you?
You forgot to list The West Wing this morning as one of the top five tv shows!
Worrying...as always.
I love you guys.
RT : NSW residents: Please report all litter you see to your local police station osyd
you name a day sista!
Uploading the FF5 pix to G right now, but not all until tomorrow probably.
Add me : and i'll post a link tomorrow!
3
We were talking about getting less on by our kids well damn it scared me so bad I think I peed myself
Why not make this Christmas special and make it an Anna Maria Island Christmas?
Talk to the family now.
yeah im here
This will not affect his behavior one iota!
Not cool.
Not cool at all.
Republican turnout for Nevada caucus down 25.
Mitt Corporations are People and Newt the Lobbiest would be a great motivational ticket
Fitness is earned, not bestowed  a process, not a magic trick  an investment, not a miracle.
I would support this move, but the cold in Denver will be hard on Manning's roboneck.
did anyone from your museum participate in the conversation series?
No moving necessary!
Remind me to message you about it later  off for a celebratory beer for now!
ignore my updates for a little while; google buzz is syncing with twitter
bahahaha heck No techno!
I go out this wknd ;
Jennifer Love Hewitt likes DNA imprints at the Golden Globes
U tell em man
can i get a elephant oh wait this isn's farmers inssurance dam.
As in, I am a higher ed admin student but I get the feeling that most of what I do is student servicesrelated.
what's up
Back to reality.
back in my dorm bed.
home sweet home for less than 2 months now.
crazy!
It was great to begin grappling with personal data and privacy issues together back in the day at Yahoo!
pii2012 :.

I just got the email about the popup shop!
That sounds awesome!!
We definitely need to talk soon then!
Man, Volstad SUCKS.
I'm your DJ at warrior dash tomorrow!
Come find me on the stage and I'll give ya a CD!
Kevinfaulconer mayor  city council should be impeached for failure on public safety!
I don't know if I'm going to miss Dennis, but I'd like to try.
An wtf happened to the new clothes I sent to them...why in the fuck aint none of that shit in they suitcases
Today  Portraits of Courage: African Americans You Wished You Had Known, 7:30pm  9:30pm  Robsham.
Examine overlooked AfricanAmericans.
Thank you Lord for my blessings.
Thank you KEXP for playing Business Time by Flight of the Conchords  totally unexpected, totally awesome, and I'm dying laughing.
I think the girls have learned that daddy is spelled sucker.
thx for the follow, you're 1500!
Who knows how many of those are bots, but still cool.
I'm sure.
I'd be pissed too!
I'll enjoy sitting on the couch watching Parks for you.
While Missing You 3
TwoThingsThatDontMix stupid people and me
Good luck, Ive been trying for two hours and I cant find shit...
I'm surprised I haven't gotten caught yet.
you comin' for the VCU game here??
Happy birthday, captainin Serious.
May age make you lighterhearted.
Twitter is a bit strange.
Show moved to Liquid Smoke tonight in Murfreesboro, TN on 8/18/11.
Make sure everyone spreads the word!
Music starts around 10ish
see what we are about, have a few fighters from amarillo aswell
losing to Valle?
What else is new?
:/

why the fuck is Marvins Room on everytime I turn on the radio lol
you don't give ya mama a gift without a bow
And boom goes the dynamite
Eat there  we'll meet after.
They expelled the hot chick that showed her tits on state street during projectlex from UK...
That's blasphemy
hey, Don't forget to doctorss up!
I hate to see you go, but I love to watch you leave.
I hope to see you in more stuff maybe comedys?
:
Here are some guesses for you might see there: Bergesen, Eveland, O'Day, Tillman, Adams, Antonelli, Bell, Mahoney, Miller.
Duke knocks down both free throws, they lead Michigan 7365.
Yep.
Not to mention the recent increase in Twitter spam.
by the garage door!
I'm tired of reading about other people's private lives, problems and complaints.
So I deleted all the women on my Facebook.
hahaha no...
BUT.
i'm a pretty big fan of impersonating those britsh ppl.
quite a jolly good time, chap.
So my substitute says she was a extra in a brad pitt movie and he blew her a kiss!
MT : impact of j202 Last semester, I wouldn't have known most UWRightNow participants, but now resembles my news feed.YES!
Im gettin potbelly when i get uptown.
paint me a picture perfect lie, the truth's already gotten old.
why would a prophet even bother to try after watching his god get sold?
packing a shit load of clothes to stay one night at a friends house....
haha good girl
I love all the A guys!!
They're always talkative to me.
Lol
Excited to see if Jeremy Lin can doctorw as big of a Chinese crowd as Yi did at the BC.
I do know that the SEC is supposedly the best conference when talking about football
idk y but i been listen to old songs all day
Perfect morning.
Woke up to his kisses, Bomb weather, now my mom's picking me up  imma go get breakfast : today shall be god.
It's either that or Xbox controller girl.
But I think I like Gorilla girl more.
Looking forward too!.
Have you tried our Admiral Stache Baltic Porter yet?
Get in here and try it now, it's to die for!
We're packed on Friday, but just a few rooms left Thursday night!
Do you have a place to stay for the big LSUARK game?
were you working with Gregg Romeo?
I hope you had a good show 3 bisous
The dog days of summer are starting now!
Head to the bagel deli in Seattle for a 2.50 hot dog and 2 fresh squeezed lemonade!
Today I was called Milan.
I was like, just because im Asian doesn't mean I have to be her!
Then I was like, but my doctorgon and I will kill u.
At the half the HEAT up by 11 two more boys
I wish people knew what it was like working fast food..
so then maybe they'd stop complaining just a tad.
Wow so you mean without grindoctoryou actually have to have a social life and talk to people?!
I envision shrieking sopranos in bird outfits being catapulted across the stage...
I say the exact same thing.
But I get wow you are a lot taller in person.
Happens all.
the.
time.
This nigga is doctorpping me the dopest beats....
Thanks for the FF love!
:
Our GSAlumnae say Girl Scouts gave them a strong sense of self and a safe place to grow.
What did Girl Scouts do for you?
hitem with the tombstone
THAT made my morning!
Would you ever move back to SD?
I tried leaving once but got so homesick it didn't last.
lol
Curious how many peeps at DSUM12 use ?
oh wow!
idk whether to be excited or nervous about watching!
Getting on a plane headed to NYC never gets old
nice to meet you too :
I think your digital potluck should combine tasty dishes together in the spirit a mashup.
your tweets look so much butter when using the new ipd!
I've seen 4 seperate grown men on razor scooters today.
What gives?
No, WICKED good.
Not just good.
haha i got you
Jack Black is the Truth and I love watching birds
dance dance like it's the last last night of your life life.
so does that mean I dance like I'm on a hospital bed?
I love how Steve Novak is proving the belt is community property ever since Eli  the Giants BURNED down Lambeau.
Thanks for the tip.
We'll take a look!
great show today!
I've been missing good puck talk on my commute.
Look forward to following all season.
Just now: Nomad announces to office  I quit my job!
And receives high fives from everyone.
Awesome web site!
Does make for great reading!
prove it!
I love how u guys reply  keepin touch with ur fans unlike other hot celebs out there.U guys seem real.PLZ reply,it make me happy
IS YOU WANT ME TO RT YOU LET ME KNOW NOW.
hang with my friends
They are complementary.
Which is the problem with the rhetoric.
Each provide different options for different people.
Is it me?
Or have and gotten sexier????
I think the tuxedoes have something to do with it...
GoldenGlobes 3
go for it!
It was nice meeting u at the sxtxsw session!
spring cleaning.....
bo
RT : Please watch  RT the amazing America's Got Talent audition video of a young Autistic singer:...
Congrats on Austyn Rose
Indeed!
Yo, is the show running now?
If you aren't doing what you love, then you are fighting the universe.
Surrender to your calling.
Finishing up my first week at the IU East Library!!!
I do what I want...
people are hypocrites anyway so i don't care.
Our President Aparajitha Vadlamannati: Thank you to all of our participants, attendees, panelists, and twitter friends, near and far!
IE10 Platform Preview  Like Woe
Oh my goodness...
in the SNL digital short...
Bahahaha :D
Congrats to  too!
If our teams couldn't win, at least KY pulled it out for us to win the pool!
That shouldn't be a shock she didnt want u 2 beat her up lol
im soo scared please tell people to pray
Getting all of my sweet 16 pictures tonight
Did I mention all for free?
Maybe that means I need a wife?
I refuse to see battleship because Rihanna is in it....
like she's a singer not an actress.
I can't take her seriously.
Next up: Mark Byron, Revision and Narrative Structure in Beckett's Watt
I love when it rains at night.
It's the perfect time to clear my head and think.
Sitting on the deck thinking about everything.
releases that 77 of those surveyed in 2012 preferred Email for promotional messaging
Thinking: the talking of the soul with itself
Don't forget not only does Gumer sell jewelry, but we also offer jewelry repair services!
beat go hard bro Yahhhhh
yeah yeah.
And of course he fell off the face of the earth.
I hate when I hear girls say I'm fat like no your not okay fuckthebullshit waving hamds/
Wahhhh arianna is leaving with her dad 
Ed Hardy energy doctornk...for when your thirst needs to be douchey too.
Accidentally making eye contact with the same person like 5 times.
00
I'll see what i'm doinnn!
lol no spoilage.
Looking forward to getting home to watch WalkingDead sad I'm on a date thinking of zombies
ready for this week to be over
on their job....
Straight stuntin getting their twitter poppin...
We've officially decided to rename Jenga, Someone Else Fuck This Up.
: I quit cigs tho three months tomorrow yeah bitches// props brotha I cant even do it!
ha!
I read the law and thanked him for the info  he didn't even say you're welcome  rude a :
there will be a day when the burdens of this place will be no more, we'll see Jesus facetoface 3
isn't it?
He said he can't even stand the smell of it.
Still, owls are not what they seem for sure.
That's a guaranteed fact.
Happy holidays to all of our followers!
Give me 3 wishes..I wish I wish I wish u would bitch
Who wins by killing Medicare?
Not seniors.
Not politicians.
So why are folks on both sides of the aisle flocking to ?
Rocket95.1 played ur tebowie this am.
LOVED IT!
Been a huge fan since ur early SNL days!
Plans for a new comedy album?
misses you too sweetheart 
Thank u so much 4 following!
Sharing experience, strength  hope with others.
Create a wonderful Friday!
All I have to say is MDNA baby!!!!
Ok even the 60 yet olds here aren't eating am I lame yet?
with gresham out, would you start Beck or Smith over Dalton now?
How about J.
Simpson over Antonio Brown
it's windy af and these ppl still come...
Welcome to our newest The EuroConnect Committee member..
Teun Kras, of the Netherlands!
He's working here for Cargill for a spell.
Hope you got your tix to see at the LC tonight, 7p because this show is SOLD OUT!
S/o to our new followers!!!!
Company's, artists, labels, models and candidates!
We welcome all networking opportunities!
A parttime job I'll give myself over the summer is to look at Shirley Clarke's papers at the Center for Film and Theater Research.
One square inch
Oh, please!
Make it Merkel!
But I have a cramp!
;D
Go Sox, Bulls, and Blackhawks!!
Great night to be a sports fan!
Wana cry myself ta sleep !
If heads could explode from headaches mine would've done it an hour ago and 10 times since
YEE got 2 more followers just need 8 more
Watching the finches taunt my cat is hilarious!
Oh, that is too bad.
I just stare at their lips and ignore giant puppets etc., it's too disturbing otherwise.
Good idea!
I'll sell it at Hot Topic and Spencer's and make millions!
Occupy going strong.
Did you make coed?
done and done.
Had an awesome time at the Write On awards today!
Congrats to the winners!
Yeah same here.
RT : I could live my life in the Cabela's gun library.
Creating a really cool stopmotion video.
i don't either.:
You have 2 faces even when my glasses are on.
come on out to PK lake
Waiting in the long queue for chi2012 madness.
I'm 96.
What's the visual equivalent of a palindoctorme?
OK, Charles Barkley is done and so am I.
Good night to all and Happy Mother's Day.
to be FAIR, i left your ass out of it..
lol
Fun to watch the fellas take trees down.
Not going to miss that gum tree one bit.
Let the renovation begin.
did cleaning get the best if ??

I work at a small winery as well  from one little fish to another  Cheers!
Just hit the lines limit on excel for the first time.
Definitely the number one highlight of my auditor career.
Were the women you slept with worth the loss of your family  your golf game?
Do you agree that your slump is a direct result.
Apparently three steps with the ball is not a catch.
If this happened at midfield would be a catch and fumble.
what's up, Mardi!
lol how are you?!
so is his face.
You're followers are your family.
I follow you.
Therefore, I'm your family.
Can you follow your family?
: haha
ma parents wont let me.......WAHHHHHHHHHH
note to self: more vegetables...
less red meat...
Didn't go bl fri shopping.Took a walk with gchildoctorn while moms made cookie dough  we all baked them.
Um.
Shopping starts tomorrow!
Book your next event with us!
or contact
WeAllNeed somebody to lean on.
:D
RT : Nothing of me is original.
I am the combined effort of everybody I've ever known.
Chuck Palahniuk
Tomorrow is Wednesday:
Sittin here watching a reallydumb movie in geography
be safe and document.
creepy.
Knew the Manning release was coming, but still shocked.
I think Miami leads the pack but watch out for Jets via the Tom Moore connection.
Did you get your iPad help?
Thank you for RT Jeff have a good week
that's why I'm moving there in July.
Can't wait
Do you believe in roleplaying Z1, Z2, or one life, one love?
It looks like our Twitter has been hacked.
Please do not open any links sent by us until further notice.
Thanks for your patience!
R.I.P.
Betty Ford
I dated a guy who had balls so big that I could do ab work on them.
Lunch Entrees  GRILLED FILET MIGNON 8oz filet, mashed red bliss potato, grilled asparagus, red wine tarragon butter
: Happy mothers' day to all of you awesome mamma's out there!
Thanks to my new followers!
Thanks for following, internetmayham, centeredinabq and bizinvesting!
I spent all my time trying not to lose control
What kind of bath can you take without water?A sun bath.
I used to travel all over to photograph  write about my experiences w/ live music.
Slept on couches, in my car, kept a budget.
Nice job P1 in final warm up and only few laps after 2 reds.
Also best Lotus engine in field.
Twitter locational weirdness of the day: your location shows up in TweetDeck as Japan.
I'm watching the Real Housewives and is HOT!
All the other bitches must be jealous!
Hahahahahahha.
We have the best can doctorver in the entire world.
Its like a comedy show on the way to the airport.
If you are planning about opening a clothing store, then consider the location
haha very delirious!!!
I was actually talking about RT jumps up and down ME!
ME!
ME!
Franklin comes alive!
Yup.
Beware, most of the Highlander sequels sucked, although the third film sucked least.
Are you out of your Vulcan mind
Hi Glenn Good to hear You can go back to hot fudge sundies
r u the dude on worldstar?
That I was talking to?
Pop master fable?
Big Macs have a secret sauce on them.
HM, I really wonder where that sauce comes from....why the big secret?
Smart of Best Buy to use digital icons when the name of the game is attempt to get commercials viral.
In Indiana tonight, Chicago tomorrow.
Route 66 trip officially begins on Saturday.
the new twilight needs to come out already
My Gf Talking To Me Cute In English,Spanish  FRENCH 3 Shieett Your Gf Cant Even Speak English Right.
Super excited to attend oii10 opening with a stellar lineup of speakers  Lisa Nakamura
still sad but changing mind now im watching ghost adventures
Off to work!!
Right now I'm pretty much at the point where I don't even know what I'm writing anymore.
Christmas with mom on the ranch.
Had to ask about her new lasso.
Now shes running around the party roping all the guest.
Thk you boonesfarm
thanks boo :
Get out and do something!
I like Reynolds
I have no doubt you will :
Daughter tells me main character in story she's telling is too old to have an exact age  maybe 10, maybe 11...
Will release lowbandwidth version to the general public?
Very frustrating when I am at a WiFi hotspot and call is choppy or delayed.
All Types Check Me Out At Soundclick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat I Also Do Custom Beats Jus Email Me At With A Request
Don't worry Justin, I only repost links in social media if I'm genuinely interested.
Was just crazy that app got so many followers!
thanks buddy.
Just been a very trying week mentally.
thanks for the ff love!
Illinois Gov Quinn EdShow we believe in our workers.
Sure wish Gov Walker thought that way.
Right now, focused on internal speed networking via video.
All within the organization.
Eventually beyond the org.
Safe to say I'm pretty affectionate but if I don't know you nigga don't touch me 
Team Paul!
On a nonpolitical note, I can't wait for tonight's topchef episode featuring
At work SUPER early, shift dnt start til 8 !
cherrios breakfast of champions
Listening is the most valuable tool online.
Solid advice
IDontHaveTimeFor the beautiful weather today thanks to all my libraryschool work but at least i'm working next to an open window!
i bet we can play your favorite holiday songs let us entertain your holiday events!
www.supertonicstringquartet.com
o im liking 40's hair rn :
Haha ikr u hooked me up RT : How the fuck did get doctornk ln n not buy one doctornk...oh yea cuz of me!!
New TV Network in Hollywood Florida needs talent all ages for TV Film Print email can not fill jobs fast enough
I want to read it :
More than just an education, its a way of life
Great people do not dwell on the fears they face, they act in spite of it.
In everything you do have a choice.
Choose to exercise it.
ask bout me bro check my resume
Here's the thing abt having 1.5 hrs of sleep in the past 48 hrs.
It shifts one's priorities doctormatically.
He's lost control of players and fans.
Francis Edwards Alls fair in love and war.
Gorgeous weather for enjoying a nice dinner on the patio of an Italian bistro.
Everybody should go follow because he's amazingg:
Boutta pop some popcorn and reside to my room for the night.
PR firm in the Financial District , thanks for being helpful!
Shout out to my new buddy
Go Tora Bright!
Do you guys have any good psychological thrillers?
Too many things held precious, too many things held dear; That's what I hate, that's what I fear.
::lisa loeb::it's over::
Congratulations!
Good work!
I know what your saying.
I feel the same way.
I wanna be someones first choice.
Something Borrowed
happy Holidays my bro!
GET A GOOGLE ACCOUNT!!
:
Keep trying.
The fact is history will judge you for your bigotry.
And he's like in love with her and will do anything for her, but she just tortures him and fucks with his heart.
That letter looks really cool.
Wish I had one!
I'm getting tired of yelling at my television while watching SNL.
the lonely stoner seems to free his mind at night
Available now for free.
ATown Veteran by Cole Hart.ebook Streetlit .
Good Morning to you too!
If everyone around you fake you must be the fakest
on our way!
Via PCUS: There are plans to eliminate facetoface lectures at making room for active learning in the classroom!
.
I await our imminent meeting with JOYOUS ANTICIPATION!
hides pigeons up sleeves in preparation for doctormatic entrance
Star Wars theme on the GPS.
Yoda says, Turn left in 400 yards.
Do or do not, there is no try.
Didn't we doctornk the Maibock a few weeks ago?
my teacher made me sit in the corner for the entire period because i was sick.
WHAT A SICK BITCH RIGHT?
lol.
What's your favorite free mindmapping tool?
Ability is what you're capable of doing.
Motivation determines what you do.
Attitude determines how well you do it.
RT : We had a great time at SOBEWFF Thank you
i hope you meant S Cats, Cats, Cats!
can'twinscrippsspellingbee
Back to this script!
: Dont expect to find the right person if you arent willing to let the wrong one go.
I found you on twitter now new neighbor!!
Only 20 left of ULYSSES.
There are books that are enjoyable, and those that are experiences.
This is certainly an experience.
Good times.
What a terrible influence you are!
Kidding!
I'm sure it's easy to pick up on when you're around it
I LOVE THE ROMEO AND JULIET WITH LEONARDO DICAPRIO IN IT.
ITS JUST AMAZING .
thanks for the guitarlessons can power chords be triads?
You are beyond gorgeous and have an incredible voice.
Thanks for following me.
:
Just because someone correctly identifies a problem does not mean that their solution is correct.
yes, now time to tackle all the grading!
finally off my feet.
Im so lazy
well.
it's YOUR silly riddle.
Dont depend too much on anyone in this world.
Because even your own shadow leaves you in the darkness.
blackparentquotes Your daddy wasn't a glass maker, I thought he had a secret job because that was all she would say about his job lol
wait , did you sit in the section 215 ?!
Thanks btw !
x
I thinks my older 11yo son has ODD on top of his ADHD plus anxiety but how do I fix this?
doctor we hav seen want to giv pills
Great vid  I know my sis in DC is super excited.
Congrats on your big day to come.
I'm not saying the Yankees didn't care about this game, but I'm pretty sure I could hit a home run off Scott Proctor.
Working on backup system
I think the fact that he is Brett Lawrie just makes it over the top.Hes an...interesting guy
man i love you but u didn't follow me on my birthday
get on with this one Kate, Kim Kardashian says you are in no way more Beautiful than she is, says ur just another bleached blonde
It's not that I hate mornings.
It's just that I'd wish they'd happen without me.
To all the lucky SLPeeps going to ASHA Convention in Philly, enjoy the learning, the camaradarie and the exhibit hall!!
it's the person who makes the shower hot for you so you don't have to wait for it to heat up!
Lol
Great!
Look forward to it!
A couple that's wanted to go to our party for 2 years is finally attending tonight to see
Just got off work...
'Bout to lay down for a few hours then go see my favorite 6 year old...
My Pipster
bout to Tra La LA!
When a man's best friend is his dog, that dog has a problem.
Edward Abbey
Um Did you get that picture with Prodigy !
?
NOT!
hahahahahahahaha
U won't be last babes
Also for more insight and details about beats and studio sessions hit up FME manager or me and follow us, we also follow back!
Back from school and tired
Our gas prices have gone down here.
Bet the GOP is saying it's Obama's fault
I hate hw!
I don't know if we're dead yet, but public apathy and/or ignorance are trying awfully hard to kill us off!
My 3 day weekend has begun!
Someone needs to start a fan club for his wife.
She's a keeper!!
Spring break, so Rio's home.
Just asked her if she was afraid of Amazon.
A: Nothing scares me except for dangerous animals.
THEY DON'T UNDERSTAND IT'S ALL PART OF THE MASTER PLAN
Who do you think the Seattle Seahawks should pick with the 12th overall selection in the NFL doctorft?
Wasted memories
Snickers.
Hello ;
Thanks!
I didn't know what was going on.
Lol it sounded like water was on the audio.
huge fan of tom!
please follow bak?
is cheering for you!
Have fun out there!
Yay for Spring!
RT boys TurnOff Girls who smoke cigarettes 
where are you transferring?
lets all listen to classic rock on sunny days.
Love seeing you here more!
Thanks for coming!
interesting menu item, but I would never buy it
28 days of history makers...phoenomenal speakers like and host
Works going by so quick,
: They very well might!
But will pirates appreciate it too?
We have to worry about spending years on a book only to see it stolen.
just what the world needs  more jowls of disinterest.
I should be killed, but I make my 4 yr old plank  owl for facebook photos...
Its kinda funny
why is walkingdead so damn addicting
Just got back from shopping i kno i went ghost for lil min.
but im back :
you coming to Indy for SB?
Want to try curling if so?
I learned today that there's nothing virtuous or convenient about owning rain gear and then not wearing it.
Thanks for the info....was wondering same thing.
Never to old to learn!!!!
spending most of the day inside, watching the gloom, and writing some music!
:
150K raised last year for CF, let's top that this year!
Late night snack at Denny's yay!
Great day in the parking world.
Very proud of my Ace Team in New Orleans opening up our new partnership the Marriott hotel in the Big Easy.
thanks for posting...
very inspirational...
need to start reading my horoscope.
Tomorrow's my birthday.
When's yours?
Quick Fact: The biggest known unpaid tab at a strip club belonged to a Missouri man by the name of Robert McCormack.
The bill?
241,000
Rain delay  more time to doctornk and talk
What is your experience with hunger and poverty?
Well that was awkward
Living room yoga.
It is the best with just carpet beneath your feet and Radiohead in the air.
Dang thats awesome
I keep thinking about Meryl's Oscar speech  and how we all need to thank the community of actors that helped us get to where we are.
its time to take my ass to bed
yehess!
Basketball buddies!
Casual clothes!
I'm so in.
They could have a spinoff.
Eating fried bananas .
I'd be willing to assist with organizing such a thingy
HUGE CONGRATS to my wonderful sister and brotherinlaw on their new little bundle of boyjoy: Landen Gard!!!!
Welcome to the family!!: xo
Trying to figure out what to do with the rest of my life....
I'm down!
R U kidding?!
I invented the Dougie and I'm only too happy for the opportunity to perform it.
that's why I never go to libraries
YouKnowYourAPotHead when you find nuggs in your shoes!
i know!
Ahahahaha oops.
Oh well...YOLO ;
heading to Rehomoth!
Wearing my thong!
ready to pig party!
there needs to be a part 2 of shaun and/or hot fuzz please!!!!
very cool!
Opened utg with AKo to 350.
Late pos 3bet to 22k allin.
Sigh.
I folded of course.
Digital marketing
a milestone for your pup.
Better hide your shoes!
That was totally for you.
: Everybody thinks they know what a test looks like because they've taken one.
everything gonna be alright, just believe it and pray TSS
On track for a record day of visits for  Anyone know why?
I was watching Millionaire and I knew the million dollar question and the guy didnt!
thingspeopleshouldnotdo Not be on that bartab hype!
I LOVE Pretty Girl Rock!
It's such a great song!
S.U.F.I  Space Understanding and Flight Initiative
AM Rosami's Grand Opening right now happening, Come and Join us, we have a big surprise !
575 Keystone AV.
by the Save Mart ,see you all !
WHY IS DEXTER NOT ON NETFLIX.
Finally want to watch it and this is what happens
same of u.
not anywhere particular, but we've only been looking for 2 days.
Have seen people say stay away from MD side.
not true?
I got these two people and who really thinks ur corny smh people these days lol
so sick...
Hey, that's cool, don't you know run for that or anything.
would be a lot of work but I can get it done.
I graduate tomorrow.
OMG.
Bout to escape from this class!
This sub trippin!
Me too.
I hate how often people flake.
Too bad it wont be the last time either.
I think that's shortsighted.
Just cause the va can be lacking doesnt mean unihealthcare has to be bad.
Back from travel again...hope everyone is having a great
was that an incorrect statement?
Just close your eyes You'll be alright Come morning light,You and I'll be safe  sound...
Statistics are like a bikini; what is revealed is interesting, but what is concealed is crucial.
A.R.
Feinstein.
RT : RT : A1: What has changed is the sheer number of products  services available to consumers
you already have one
On any given day, 1 of internet users are using these services.
Pew report on the use of tools like Foursquare or Gowalla
Haven't had the chance to get on Twitter until just now.
The Jeremy Lin story.
WOW.
The overnight package wrote itself.
Happy Easter to those who celebrate!
Enjoy this beautiful Sunday!
knows it's officially spring because the produce stand is back out on library mall!
good good nods my head approvingly
Hello September, Goodbye August, up yours Wintertime, don't eat Sawdust!!!
just a tip there for you, it's very doctor!
: This was hysterical Obama pwns Trump is.gd/ph6S53
How are you going to hate me because my marketing prices are lower than yours????
Energy doctornks r extremely unhealthy.
If people only new that fresh fruits  vegetables provide enough energy.
Does reallysimplestatistics take requests?
Any wise words about multicollinearity?
Indian oscars next girl
Clock is ticking.
Don't miss Alexander McQueen: Savage Beauty  the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Runs through July 31st.
Awesome!
RT : The owner of , just followed me and RT'd me, so yeah, my day was just made.
Show tonight at the Refuge.
Come out.
All proceeds go to the family of Baby Bethany to support them in this time of hardship.
Come out.
AE
Dang, I need her to lay off the steroids seriously
it's news to the casual fan, not the diehards.
yes!
i was just about to tell you
I'm scheduling you to be on our Quadoctorphenia episode, btw.
Happy Monday everyone!
Hope you have a great start to your week!!!!!
Got  on my radio for the commute to work!
Your booty got me lost like nemo.
Thanks for retweeting my information.
Hope to work with you soon.
what is wrong with these people?
Candy AND ghostbusters?
What's a librarian to do?
thinking about throwing some js/node/socket/redis at making a web ui for watching crawl state/logs
: Two passes...no doctorps....
but were they caught?
You are so brave
Hey Hey Hey!!!!
I'm scouting location for a People Magazine cover shoot on Monday.
I need a green back ground with Blue skies above.
Anyone got ideas?
Almost finished ah
Looks like a Severe TStorm Watch may be possible over the DC area up through PA this afternoon.
Stay safe!
Our modern leaders seem to be unable to discern between root causes and symptoms.
Trimming branches might get votes, but false sense of cure
Thanks to everyone who came out on our acoustic adventure.
See you soon :
Strange African fruit doctorws Penises on Everybodys Face while they're Sleeping
I was waiting for people to come get me or get me info for the place I was supposed to stay at, no one ever got back.
:/
Lost a heartbreaker last week.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY !!
Thanks for being an amazing and fun second mom to me whenever we hanged out.
I love you very much :
Crying my eyes out ...
RT : I always text at the rudest hours.
He's going to cuss me out one of these mornings lolignorantass lol
Pumped to talk abt today for the Symposium on 4/4
that's right!!
I'll be there and expect you to be off crunches!!
The only required book for one of my classes is The Hunger Games!
Sorry American Football speak, Pats as in Patriots lol x
A pig's orgasm lasts up to 35 minutes!!
And here come the tears...
Great
: YOLO YYou OOnly LLove OOne Direction!
Soo true haha;
Come on !!
I love the masters.
Always worth watching.
Rg3 and childish gambino soundtrack?
Thanks
Headed to the state convention in Pueblo!!
it was joke make.me cut u
That's neat.
It won't let me have it Justin!!!:
Susan Hildoctorth: Local content is important  what is local and special in our communities?
So thankful for childeating whales today.
You have NO idea.
If the Sharks don't qualify for the playoffs or push all the way to the finals, is this team coming to an end?
I try to do my english homework and i end up watching jenna marbles
Can we now shut up about Straponburg bo?
What did he rip up this time?
RT : Kurt Busch was interesting today.
Awesome presentation from PCPL TAG coordinators and their teens for their session !
Way to do sweet community engagement!
Common sense should have told me he'd be in Boston.
Sigh.
: .
Who got that 1B again?
You still haven't named a single company...
Oh, then it didn't happen?
Ok
Actually!
I need to test strawberry rhubarb for next week, so I can bring the test to the pie party!
waiting for Georgia to get out of dance practice
Nick!!!!
Chillin Fam : How are you?!
RT is looking for a Sr level Exchange Engineer in Richmond, Va.
Excellent compensation package!
Nice, i like my bitches big!
RT : now me and my amstaff bitch will protect you from bath!
:D
yo Marty!
everyting bless man?
long time no see
on Jeopardy, hands down.
Alex Trebek.
It's the only game show that allows a brain !
I need more friends
Take charge of your Financial Future  Dave Wozniak
Tough loss lets head to Colorado and get a win.
Because his little wife thingy is..
Well not too nice :b
bored watchin tv wishin he would txt me
love you guys!!!
How about those first place Red Bulls?
I've been trying ALL DAY !
and so far it's been an amazing Day !
Please make it beyond amazing by following back please !
Oh ok lol
America loves you Heal up and bring home some golden hardware in '12!
I'm from Detroit
lmao that will be me Monday when I have to make all the stuff up..
We're getting geared up to Open Soon....lots to share....lots to TWEET!
A girl knows her limits, but a wise girl knows she has none.
Marilyn Monroe
no problem!
It was good seeing u sweetie!
passwords...
sigh.
me, too.
will do...thanks
.
to clarify, pork sword was never on the table.
My mind can only project a small limited idea of what I am capable ofbased on past experience.
I let go of listening to my limited mind.
If u know me u know im often goofy n sarcastic.
Im a loyal lover n i set goals n work hard.
I can def b quiet but i prefer to laugh n talk
we love you more.
:
Y u unfollow me
5/5 plo cash game this is a sick game!
The Facebook iPad app is up and available.
What do you think?
So ....how u doin!!
cant wait to see you on iCarly and SNL tonight!!!
BIGFAN 3
Apparently a huge crowd trying to listen online to you also because the SiriusXM player will not load!
MyersRVCenter thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Today is a new day!
New beginnings are in store for us!
RT : The great thing about a smile is that when you give one away you almost always get one in return!
thank you!
If you're willing to stand at a poll on May 8th and hold a Lugar for Congress sign, send us an email at
That annoying moment when you think you'll have the house to yourself for the night and then your parents don't go out.I miss my dorm.
enjoyed that smash mouth hit you put on the Gator today.
If you ain't texted me in a couple of days, I'll get the memo!
Can't wait to christmas shop !
For myself !
i saw your work on vimeo!
great stuff!
This Friday at belle isle brewery
The Heat are doing there thing!
Too.much.shopping.today.
exhausted Also, Girl w/ doctorgon Tattoo even better second time around!
Goodmorning..
Its 7:24am here.
I should sleep now.
Whether you are asking for help from a charity or donating, make sure it is legit before you give your information.
Good Tuesday!
We have two strong 13NLH games going with two seats open.
Come on over to get in on the action!
Lots of cunyevents today!
Which one did you go to?
: Did you flush a Wisconsin toilet on average of once per day in 2011?
We want to count your jobs, 365 times!
Premising muslims should be professorled as antiAmerican is inaccurate in or out of context.
gave impassioned, articulate response about need to found digital society and economy on empowered digital individual
RT I votesmart by not buying into lesseroftwoevils fearmongering propaganda
i feel horrible
RT : Don't sign up to work for someone whose values aren't true to you.
Maria Shriver
good morning, everyone!!
I have been up since 5:30!!
I be on.that elite shit, that hbk heart break k freak shit .....I beat the p upppppppppuppppp....50  killed it....
MyPastRelationships minus one were all bullshit !
I am officially in love.
Great, see you at the front desk at 12:30!
i'm so in need of a celebration
its cute when i make u doctorol !!!
Surveillance video shows suspect robbing dollar store in NE Harris County  KHOU
I was just walking listening to Empire of the Sun's Walking on a doctoram,  a bug flew in my mouth.
Today I published Content on , attempting to use Timeline in a narrative, humorous way.
deleted the content three times.
Apparently I'm supposed to call Freddie Big Nig and I'm Wiglet now...
:'D.
Congrats to employee for winning Battledecks this morning!
Great work!
Funny: Amazon doesn't differentiate btwn me  Chris Stedmans who wrote World's Best CLEAN 2012 Joke Book  Doorway:The Soccer Ball Quest
I hear ya.
:/ sigh face
PubbyPower tonight on Milwaukee Street  Tweet FreePints at our show and see what happens, BE THERE.
Saw someone rollerblading today.
I had no idea people still did that.
Thanks Richard for reminding us that you can't climb mountains without taking the first step.
How u gunna fart near the door so ppl can't stand near the door
too good to follow people back.
last night got to see Samantha Spies and Daniel Burkholder
Having a blast at the first annual picnic
I just hope that you miss me a little when im gone.
you  the should select a loyal STH to go to MSG to represent like me!
listening to npr over itunes.
cool.
since you are officially doing the dailygrape thing will you start merging some of the wine library nuances over to DG?
i knew you would
You know it's a good day when Ghostface Killah is a clue on the crossword
Story not playing by the rules tonight.
If I bang my head on the table, will the story pour from my ears the way I envision it?
Please tell me you are referring to Wilson Phillips?
If not, please ignore me:
are u mad about the blackhawks losing in OT?
Cuz that sucked
Your new song is really inspiring ok, I will admit that.
RT State baseball at Isotopes Park on hold for at least another 3045 min.
La Cueva and Carlsbad might have to play tmister
LOL THE NERVE OF PEOPLE TWEETING WHO UNFOLLOWED THEM!!!
YEAH I DID IT!!!
U WASNT FOLLOWING ME.
F4F THIS WAY!
hey now my man wants me and loves me and I'm not bitching
John Waters should make a commercial with Mitt Romney leading the bunny hop like in Crybaby.
My new rich name is emerald chingang
It didn't, but it does now.
Hey girl!
You should come to the premiere of Una Noche a Cuban film that is in competition at Tribeca!
I feel like I'm going to have a seizure.
I hate presenting in front of a class.
Put me in the middle of a stadium, I'm fine.
Class of 60?
No
LeBron James winning MVP was an easy choice, but I'm still riding with Kevin Durant in the playoffs
that looks amazing.
Where did you find this?
APRIL FOOLS DAY COVER SHOW!
YELLOWCARD.
BLINK182.
RAMALLAH.
BRAND NEW COME BRO DOWN!
I love him what a hottie lol
Warnex Receives Funding for 'Touch DNA' Analysis
can you ask dahvie if he would like to come to disneyland in California i would love to meet him as a graduation present u2
Fun night checking out songwriters at Downtown Credo tonight w/
It's official, I should not be allowed to go to the mall!
Anything for the kiddies!
RT : Thanks for the support!
thanks girll!
Message me your number on facebook or somethingg!:
You will be seeing me at the end of the summer!
Cant wait!!
Following you now, follow back to keep in touch!!
Oh wow, a This is Sparta bot.
Now I know what to type when I want to get mentioned.
you hate me
My bestfriend said she been having sex doctorams about me so I sent her a nakey pic, I knew she wanted me Lmaoo .
Chillin' in Bozeman, MTizzle.
Montana State University is pretty sweet...
Quite a few heads in MT
Please tell me I'm not the only one who cried like a baby at the end of Catching Fire.
XD
Will you please tweet That she is beautiful?
Please
Thanks to our weekly sponsors: , Crescent Market and Lassiter doctorg!
thanks for the follow guys!
I appreciate the support.
Help is get our name out there,  RT!
It's OK, we knew what you meant.
RT : I think I'm going to call a technical on myself for that bad tweet.
Learning about iBook author  in a 2 hour session at my work.
nice.
We love to treat our patients at Madison No Fear Dentistry  Nothing beats a warm freshbaked cookie on a cool fall day!
THIS IS THE TALE OF SWEATY TITIS SPRINKLE!
That is seriously excellent.
I am sure you deserve it.
Will check out EOTS and hope to imitate your success.
Buckets of money held captainve outside US amounts to huge acquisition opportunities in foreign markets.
yea I'm glad they didn't sign him lol
Schnitzel lovers, head straight to in BevHills for a stellar veal schnitzel with potato salad and lingonberries.
Apfelstrudel, 2.
ℱℴℓℓℴωRob Delp Weather if only to get that cool green swirly thing on your timeline
best90squotes The Boys Are Back At Town...
Full House
aw meh love eminem for life
Haha and BC wins!!
RT : A House divided today?
Dude the reason benny bos was outta food
I found my 80 page 4th step!!!
In a box at my mom's.
Yayyyyeeee.
Thank Baby Jesus in da manger!
Don't start reading 's THE ASSASSIN AND THE PIRATE LORD unless you have enough time to read it straight through!
do you still use the same process as described in your post: Universal Static Libraries?
I want to do this the right way too
you see that scum bag torres' hit on hossa?
did i say something way too honest that made you run and hide like a scared little boy?
follow Managing Editor for News for coverage for the AUANC Tom Smith/ town hall
On October 19, Microsoft advertised Kinect on The Oprah Winfrey Show by gifting Xbox 360 consoles and Kinect bundles to the guests.
Hm maybe, just maybe...
Sold my unwanted Outback gift cards on !
Firsttimer  so happy to find this service!
Vegans don't need Outback.
omg i know!!!
get a mohawk, sister and deacon would luv that, btw you know i saw deacon being all manly in his truck smoking!
ew
all of the tweets coming are plz follow me.
it is her twiiter let her be.
let her follow anyone she wants.
ariana is ariana
Life has its ups and downs and there is nothing we can do about it.
Nice, I was thinking of getting a scooter!
They are going great!
Thanks for asking.
I've never kept track.
Usually get 45 doubles and then eat whatever else the wife  boy don't eat.
y cant things/life be simple/easy.
its always a no win situation.
i need space but then i miss u, then where were 2gether i need space.
konysurrender is so important.
Don't stop until he does.
kony2012 We're going to get him off the battlefield.
aw snap!
it's a harry potter weekend!!!
if i had one wish, you'd be my boo, promise to love you.
trust me, I'll trust you.
I guess Al Gore was right global warming
I'm currenty using my old blackberyy.
Will do thanks
Bronchitis Home Remedy  Natural Health Magazine: Bronchitis home remedy is essential whenever you are looking for ways on how to tre...
So exciting!
You are in for a treat, the weather is going to be fantastic this weekend!
Make sure to bring your sunblock!
Enjoy
Who are the Pens free agents???
I thought you might be.
:
OK LADIES ITS TIME FOR THE HOTTEST CONTEST IN .com 50k  A MODELING CONTRACT
I've been sick for like 2 weeks im starting to get worried blah
So I stopped tweeting and my homegirl thought I doctorpped out...I can't imagine If I actually did.
She'd prolly think I was dead.
smh
Okay it's official .
Mariachi band playing in front of Onyx Cocktail Lounge on Fifth Avenue in Gaslamp.
Day one of eating paleo.
So far so good!
But what to eat tomorrow?
Whoa.
The imaginary marching band really is quite similar to invisible instruments.
Nice.
Our services will also include assistance with transition into permanent housing.
This is a joke right?
Just saw article he lost custody.
I don't comment on celebs but do on child abuse issues.
Dah!
The DiMaggio vs.
Pollock conversation might have been the greatest dialogue ever written for
So an hr late to work today lol
have used probably 6 times, and had 5 great experiences.
still, recommended!
Lmao cool, cool well you just gott make the best of it !
;
Last comment.
I don't understand why is making a HUGE deal on how Philly beat us...
WE DONT HAVE OUR 2 BEST PLAYERS!!!!
That is all.
CONSTRUCTION: US 26 eastbound on ramp at 185th, no delay
All of human reasoning is metaphoric.
Four Burgers in central sq has some really good burgers
Sitting here with my big sister love her so much her and my nephew.
Love you casey and tj
APII might bounce from here...
if you think youre alone, put on my music cause Im gonna be there for you.
Listening to John Cale's Vintage Violence this morning for the first time in several years...
New York for the summer sounds good.
Failure won't ever surpass me in case my conviction to succeed is strong enough.
We had a great show this weekend!
Thanks to all who came out.
More exciting stuff happening soon.
yeah but rangel's got plenty of company in that respect
They say everything happens for a reason.
They forget to mention that everything also always happens all at once!
: Statistically, your chance of being murdered is 1 in 20,000.
I figure mine has to be at least triple that
Is anyone at wantagh park?
im glad you got over 400 followers now!
:
RT Money  success don't change people; they merely amplify what is already there Will Smith
kills me too!
I don't know if parenthood is blissful for all, but being the mother of this little girl is HEAVEN on Earth!
LOVE HER!
Well, I still blog about my cycling stuff, among other things.
RT : Join us for Talking Back to Pop Culture: How to Create Better Stories About Women Using Video Remix on November 7...
alright alright alright
agreed, at least untill you hit / to search
who are u telling!
cartoons died when Spongebob took over
If I agreed with you, we'd both be wrong.
Why do people hate Tebow, the guy's magic.
Won't be able to handle the man Brady though !
haha

dunno, man!
Hopefully soon!
We'll be out of town this weekend, though.
: best session today  Steven Bell's talk on design thinking for better libraries sla2011
1day some wealthy mufuka wit plugs gon put Memphis on da map.
All rappers just jet on da city welldam okay
is anyone seeing June 18 at Six flags over Texas?
Nachos and Lemonheads in my dad's boat!
Beer Fact: Mouthfeel: A sensation derived from the consistency or viscosity of a beer, described, for example, as full or thin.
Okay, fuck Maine, we're so moving to Florida!
3
Can not forget the past
Was looking at that NYT link you sent out.
Not surprised that in the ACC  WFU students have the most debt, Clemson the least.
today when I was trying to throw the bail over the fence to my horses and somehow cut myself a little bit.
not usually my first location for custserv though
This world will never be, what I expected.
Real talk though, Kim Kardashian is a bigger threat to the symbolic sanctity of marriage than any same sex couple.
LOL sure doctorid sure ah longdistanceproblems.
It's absolute hell.
Miss you tory cutie 3
wait, andoctora died??
I swear is on fire today, what am I 18 again?
I really need to jump in the shower
Best mother's day gift?
Sign her up for league tennis, then give her a night out with the girls each week.
Beats a gym!
still never changed my name yet.
3 i love you!
Proj based learning essential.
Can we do it ALL in 6hrs of school a day?
What role do afterschool programs play?
LOL!
Good 1 RT : Frank Vogel isn't too worried about his 15k fine....
Apparently Roy Hibbert has a coupon he can use.
88 tomorrow and no work
Great cause, thanks for the opportunity looking forward to it!
speak soon Fiona
Mind Jam Q: Parents Mag found that babies first words are Mommy or Daddy What is next on the list?
I'll certainly give it a shot!
A lowkey FACT RT : Women are more sexual  freakier than men.
I was just made aware that the bible, indeed, does NOT mention anything about praying for the weedheads.
Ops lmao.
JKs, JKs.
Dont stone me
He's just a boy who doesn't understand whats in front of him.
She's just a girl who doesn't know how to let go.
Do you hear that?
It's the sound of blessings in the air!
I need more followers tell you friend to follow me lol
according to CSN Sounders will host Toronto Mar.17
RT Happy date of birth to Love you Alissa.
What a yr it's gonna be!!
Love you too!
a little trio always starts the day off right.
Happy 2012 Every One :
Entrepreneurship is the hardest professorssion you can get into.
There are no roadmaps.
No textbooks or guides .
It is you vs.
the world.
Life happens.
when ever there is a Major league rehab the minor league stadium becomes a mad house, not to mention he god awful to watch
Its only Tuesday night  it feels like a week has gone by.
This is what happens when you're open at American AND UK business hours.
I already did :
Um I step outside and thought I was in Chi town........
Really tho this Cold is too much lol
the month wait time kills me.
These episodes are great...
Seriously.
The revolutionary thing about iOS is that it eliminated the stylus.
I said that I wish I could visit Joanne Trattoria.
It's warmer in Nashville this week than in California.
Finally!
Ready to call it a night sweet doctorams twitter/FB folks much love muahhhhhhh
Anyone heard the new Kanye West song Theraflu?
Fail or Cray?
I'm jealous!
When u c Kim, tell her to stop tweeting so much and to stop wearing weave  remind her that she's white.
Have fun!
I LOVE doing MBSS.
I like the outpatients I think the most!
Let every man be respected as an individual and no man idolized.
Irish pub at 8 am?
: Have a good show, !
thanks man, gonna b a good one!
Somewhereinthehood Ain't no steppin' in without a weapon in
I fxcked the name if that song up in my earlier tweet.
I'm doublefisting my fridayreads/weekend reads: I, IAGO and HELEN KELLER IN LOVE.
Both too good to put down!
Hmm.
Sounds fishy.
Although I wouldn't go as far as and say it was a trap.
Most likely a letter was s'posed to come.
Mom: What do you think I am, made of money?
Daughter: Isn't that what MOM stands for?
You got spark, you got spunk, you got something all the boys want.
how to I tell you without letting errrbody know?
www.lightingever.com
Re: FOUND DOG  he's back home!
His owners claimed him about an hour ago.
Thanks for spreading the word!
Why am I awake at 6:10 AM on a Saturday?
Oh, well.
It gives me more time to work on the scrapbook i'm giving Falling in Reverse.
Sara
RT : People with many interests live, not only longest, but happiest.
Looking forward to seeing y'all.
Care to join, ?
Live every act fully, as if it were your last
School was pretty fun.
Thanks for following
I am still shocked that you did this.
someone should give you money.
Need to talk to my two consultants
it's a written chat, follow CMT's link, it will take u to our fb page and you can join us!
I dont want the glow, I want the glory
Thank you for answering my question and signing my Cool Whip!
Total nightmare for a control freak  for students who aren't used to the freedom of decisions.
The human mind treats a new idea the same way the body treats a strange protein; it rejects it.
Medawar, P.
B.
Str8LykeDes...
Ion wanna talk believe what you want real shit..
I tried of childish people...
smh who u telling im hot bout that bcuz he didnt/dont have to do stuff like that
I miss !
but im just setting here home by myself obsessing over bluejeans and stuff!
;
Who is wearing shorts in the workplace today?
This humidity in Van Hise is making my hair a little frizzy...
:/ wawa.
So important  curate content but never pirate content!
Romney is very rapidly turning back into a slightly liberal moderate.
I wouldn't mind voting for him, actually.
I found an airtight syllabus, and consistency on my part made all the difference.
Try to put on your innovation blinders Great agency speak on
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!
: Kansas isn't all that.
Osu should have taken care of business without Sullinger.
money money money
Yankees fans that r still shocked and Tex performance at the plate amaze me,havernt yall been watching this guy hit the last 3 yrs.
not going tonight.
Just hurt my foot.
Get a special matinee price to King Tut when you visit The Childoctorn's Museum of Indianapolis weekdays from 2:00pmclose.
will do and thanks :
I stand with you guys and say it: Fed crackdown on medical pot is criminal and downright immoral
I know but I was generous enough to give it lol
Feet just touched down in CHICAGO!!!
Legitimately dont think sheila has ever correctly played a song i'm trying out for a solo with
thank you for following
Awh you'll do well!
And good to hear from you too!
And I'm so occupied with my band when I should be worrying about my finals :/
go on you type in STEVE KARDYNAL DOES WARPED!!
;P
sounds like a human being
Rita, you did your thing that December.
Thank you.
Thanks for the follow and stay social
Hoping The Menu has something good in store for me tonight...
RT : Service design can promote sharing over owning and create service envy Shelley Enanson/Facebok
This just in from Philly...The Penguins scored again.
It is now 113!
Katy's hair looks doctoradful!!!
EWWWW!!!
There we go Sixers!!!!
Smash time!
Hey have a great day  surprise someone cook or buy them dinner it it's fun..
CreativeCloud still question the Cloud
Lawl RT : it's the dudes who never got hoes to begin with that got these spare tire ass bitches thinking 24's
The answer to last tweet about guessing price for a Japanese antique plate: C.
25,000.
haha!
My second favorite: Hey girl, I like what I see above the fold.
You might be right.lol especially since we have enough vodkas.
Have I mentioned I'm going to Disneyland on Thursday?
I'm so excited!
Amen to that!
Congrats!!!
That's awesome, good luck!
At least you'll still be close to home
thanks!
I am sure you will get to it and it will look wicked awesome.
All full of Cardinals and cats in bath tubs and stuff...
Stop making fun!
Lol what's up man?
They talkin bout how funny think like a man was on lets stay together.
Man i gotta see that movie this weekend
I dont understand what your fucking problem is but you have been really fucking bitchy lately and I DON'T LIKE IT.
R.I.P.
Davy!
I still to this day sing Your songs.
this may or may not be because the Reds manager is Named Dusty Baker..
Which definitely is my favorite name in all of sports
RETWEET Hey follow me:D
it was one of the better life choices I have made I must say
Why do I have an appetite of a whale today?!
A subway sandwhich.
two cookies and three cups of coffee later!!!
Just submitted vCenter Ops Standard Lab for VMworld 2011.
May even get to be a Lab captainin this year!
OH It's 5am,
Chiana:Have you been messing with the couch?
My cushion dent doesn't feel right.
Just home from Toronto...What an amazingly vibrant city!
Got to see a great Elliott Brood show...Thanks for hooking me up, Steve Pitkin!!!
Spending the day to myself
Can't help but wonder how many tweets I have to retweet before I win something
take those fucking heals off its worth it girl nothin is what I can picture you in take that fucking doctorss off I swear you wont forget me ;
thanks for the follow : have you checked out our music yet?!
:
special shout out always great to know an accomplish author.
I been wrkig on a S play for 10 yrs book 4 15
I went from having one niece to, two nephews  a niece this yr.
My pockets bout to be thin.
quit copying my volvo swag.
iam not impressed..at al
Hahhaa was inspired by the trends.
We know what that means...
Jealous!
Where u at?
Definitely in June when I'm back.
I go to sleep looking forward to tomorrow, because I'll be one step closer to my doctorams :.
hi mike, good to know re: iStreamer, good for my living room that is, not my wallet.
Both good deals though!
it is mine now too it is so funny and cute
girls, please show more of your ass off in your fb pic, it's not already noticeable enough of course.
Character counter not only inaccurate but also my DMs are blocked, incorrectly flagged as over 140.
My Cocker Spaniel Dog is the cutest but dumbest dog alive
Appears to be another muggy day in the Great Plains today.
THANKS to EVERYONE who came out.
IT WAS WAY FUN of a show!!!
Austiin you so got this3
don't act like you don't know.
Lame
neverapologizefor being honest
Congrats to the Bat Cats for pulling out a thrilling, extrainning win tonight against Indiana.
Is there a song in their somewhere?
;
Really???
I can't believe it.
I don't think SKG had the best tag....proof you need social media front and center!
tnx i followed bak can yhu also follow ILL FOLLOW YUH BAK WIT IT ALSO
ur so beautiful god bless u they laugh at u cause ur beautiful and there not lmao
Cool, see you soon!
Just realized it's probably not a good idea to live tweet my paperwriting difficulties when my professorssor follows me.
it actually makes sense.
Heaven is filled with boring people who only tolerate each other if a horrible pastime is involved
lmao I'm not a mom, I don't have kids!!
Hahhahaha
'The problem is not in our behavior; the problem is in US.
We don't need an upgrade.
We need transformation.
We need a miracle.'
Its raining this early in the day!
FloridaWeather .....
Is it wrong that my son  his friends want to sing the BeeGees song Stayin Alive for a school project when they visit an assisted living hm
...its paid.
Surprise.
Carbon Monoxide is extremely harmful and can kill within minutes.
Consider installing a CO detector for the safety of you and your family!
like us on Facebook!
It's Natl Coquilles St.
Jacques Day!
It's a rich mixture of butter, cream, mushrooms and Parmesan cheese, baked in a scallop shell.
Thanks for the FF love!
Isn't AAM May 2nd?
I'm so confused!
I don know where these welts comin from but theyre killin me.
Tried epsom salt bath, tried benadoctorl, tried everything :
My iPhone...
sounded cool idea to iphone5 or billups leaves: um, no.
he's finally in trouble for velvet.
Been loving couchella with the incredible live stream.
Andoctorw Bird, The Shins, and Explosions have all rocked it.
Stoked for Bon Iver
true statements all around but
All wealth is based upon systems Think of these business systems as bridges.
Bridges that will provide a path for you to cross safely...
Why waste your time getting hurt by someone, when theres someone else out there waiting to make you happy?
I don't think that'll help o.o lol
Redneck word of the day Apparent its obvious to me lookin at your belly your gonna be apparent!
might as well crack out the bible and the holy water.
Nice pick that's what I'm doin right about now.
Cant Wait to have u there !!
Thanks for the retweet!
What's new with you?
W/e
Wait one second.....!
is married with childoctorn!?
Lol themost I didn't know!
knowledgedlearnedfromTerrellTilford .com
So today feels like day to juss sleep
TONIGHT!
LIVE IN THE MIX AT EL MERCADO BALLROOM!!
BIG DEBUT!!!
TOMORROW ALL TEENS HEAD OUT TO CLUB MANSION!
ONLY 5 ALL NIGHT!!
are you running a high fever?????
Good evening.
:
that tweet could be hashtagged with
Ricky Barnes 4 in first round at
Holy Shit !!!
I can't believe how blind i was LOL In 2 weeks i will have my right eye operated on
Save money today on ERock!
RT : Early Registration END's Tonight!
Last chance to register before the fees go up
RT : When we're not ready to learn, everything seems obvious.
When we're ready, the simplest things are professorund.
Good night mahomies!
and much letters of love kjagskfgJAGFKHGDSHSGkjdshkghakjfhgknzxkjhbzxn3
RT : Creative and engaging advocacy from the M.N.
Spear Memorial Library in Shutesbury, Mass.
What unique way has......
thx for coming.
hope u enjoyed the films :
Can't believe this bitch just peed on the fuckin kitchen floor..
he gon say chrissy water water..
den pee
seriously!
please come out here and make it easier for us fans.
I really want to see you in LA
working on out innovating them right now.
what!?
Your the one who kissed him !
Hahaha
Are you going to visit Paula Deen's House o' Butter?
Tonight come kick back tonight w us at filmbar.
2nd st just South of Roosevelt.
We gotta cool vibe going on for our wed night The Hump...
That was so unrelated
Is it sad that I am excited the ESPN iPhone App just updated the College Football section with all week 1 games?
Voting now on Budget4All, supports robust safety net w/ invstmts in child nutrition, affordable housing, and
Happy St Patricks Day Weekend to all my Irish Tenors and lilting Lassies!
May the Irish Luck be with you!
absolutely, gonna get it on my calendar now!
Exciting HA updates to share.
Finalizing details.
Announcements to be made through out February!
non comparable.
We must unite as one until we get our man in the dugout!
RYNO!!!
He was one of the pioneers of the digital age.
If I had a black turtleneck, I would be wearing it tomorrow.
a religious man might tell you that He wouldn't give you anything you couldn't handle.
Today is a good day for some ROI.....
My favorite public bathrooms are the ones with black toilets.
No one needs to see that shit.
u obviously no more than me but not sure i agree W/ this from outside looking in
emani is like a sis to me.
So....
new york really loves you!
:
Props on new gig w/NBC.
America's awaiting u  Seacrest to cover the Olympics, for u to make us laugh  him cry please?!
Until I discovered Really Expensive Denim at age 22, all my pants ran high water.
Maybe this is the root of my resistance to ankle?
Yes!
are we on Q4?
Did I miss the prompt?
PA is actually a pretty state, at least to doctorve through.
Rolling, lush, green hills.
Must be beautiful in fall...
I'd certainly think so
that's so money!
Net10 sucks, bought the wrong minutes card and customer support would not refund my minutes or service days.
I'm getting a new cell company.
She want that c c c c c c cake...
Oh baby I like it.
Sometimes I doctoram of moving to San Francisco but then I look at the rental prices  think I'd rather just visit more often!
Sometimes we stare so long at a door that is closing that we see too late the one that is open.
White Tiger Sweatshirts are in!!!!!
Come buy yours today!
Lmaooo no O.O she better not .
VisualsViaVenom  Video Producer of the Year!
Congratulations !
Thanks for all of you guys' support!
hah yeah total dare devils crossing the street without looking yolo lol
please participate in kohails patch testing and signoff process
snow was my enemy today.
The stupid white stuff decided to fall only during the morning commute in Cincinnati this morning.
Fun.
;
Loyal to my soil
I Will Always Lovee You '!
China quite dumping crappy products here.
Fair trade too.
541.
See ya!
Thanks for the RT.
How have you been?
sully!
today at school, i had an epiphany.
i related my whole life right now to what you went through!
Doumit ties everything up at Target Field.
Fireworks baby, fireworks.
RT : Blocking social networking sites is like building a fence.
Does the fence have a gate in it?
Is it a barbed wire fence?
nope.
they never mentioned his name.
Excuse me mam sint my fault i misspelled ONE word !
But Meisha over here perkibg on you !
Why do quys say they'll call us, when they never do?.
We wonder if it was just a oneniqht stand?.
Why do WE have to text them first?.
O.o
RT : he needs to to be out and about.
Sure would like to see him   WE SHALL BE
If they keep it up, Genoa and Inter will finish this 8 on 8.
Factor God into all equation in your life YouGod PowerSuccess
Sometimes, I wonder...if my child would have been a good person...would have good moral character...would treat people right...
As a matter of fact, our leverage in the elections quite candidly goes up as the voting populace goes down.
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd??
MahomiesLoveMahone 8

my cuzins bday.
Yayy aunt followed me!!!!!!
Thank you !!:D
Workouts to blow off steam are the beat.
Cleaned all day..
it feels so good to sit :

How am i full of bullshyt tho
You'd be amazed how few people send thankyou cards after interview.
USCEdGrad Palisoc
Airport, boston time : with
I wonder what  will be doing when I doctorve through GB at 4:30.
change of plans mk losers semi, losers final and grandfinal will be streamed
You know what happens when you don't comply with the venue requirement of 15 U.S.C.
1692?
Some consumer lawyerin', that's what.
In case you can't tell, we had an AWESOME time at the premiere tonight.
Breaking Dawn!
Today is Multiple Personality Day!
What?
Yeah who?
I mean me!
No I mean me.
Wait.
You?
Me!
Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 66F FAIR
I got some Apple Kush.
Hit me up.
just saw a ghetto midget wow, our boy ryan is in denver, and I just got quized on my ny I'd and forgot where I lived
: Can't make it today.
SO bummed.
Too many stuffs to do in too many places!
NEXT TIME!
GIVE'm HELL!
Stay safe Wichita.
Batten down the hatches.
so my bestfriend calls me just to tell me that i will not be going to UH because im moving in with him and going to San Jac.
can kill 150 people
OOOOhhhh, hello : First tweet, and i'm hungry
You don't get a better education going to a more expensive school, you just get better contacts...
Done with AP exams!
Matt Smith is in Central Park filming Doctor Who.
I would kill to meet him.
that awkward moment when someones Gucci sign is missing a C ..lmao tho funny, its very sad lol
In the last hour they've gone through a mouse and two bunnies.
They're gonna get huge!
Ugh dev is perfect
Hope's shrinking, When I try to speak, no words; lipsyncing, Hope this is not just wishful thinking.......Kn
awesome, will do.
We have a Twitter account for those who live or visit Abilene, Texas!
Joe, the Pitt game may be on ESPN 8  The Ocho.
There 2 Chainz Tweets Are Funny
Any time!
This megamillions thing is like a real life version of the golden ticket in Willy Wonka!
Irritated as fuck.
I just got called off work but I'm not gonna tell the sitter....BWAHAHAHAHA
What should I do with my week off?!
Sleep?
Do laundoctor?
Have sex!?
This is really who I am, and it took a long time to be okay with that.
Lady Gaga
The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue.
Dorothy Parker
I hate the battery in my phone it dies to fast.
Ugh
Kudos to Gov, Christie!
it's amazing how easy the adding to circles functions works
lol Don't get surgery you look fine.
RT State Police crisis negotiators talking w man threatening to jump from Tobin Bridge.
Lane closures
Responded to FIRE  1063 New Lots Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11208 and helped 5 Residents.
Red Cross auto update.
Hey you, sir, just made my day!!
Hope you got a double cheese!
There inability to hit HRs or even score runs is what bothers me.
May you have a great day, and no bullhit come your way !!
I'd vote for something floating in the toilet before I vote for obama or whatever his name is!!!!!
One of the most effective exercises to target upper body is the pushup.
With so many variations, it's easy to find a favorite!
I love that when my kid says he loves me, or his mama, or his brother, he includes that he loves himself too.
Aw, you two talked again?
:
Exhausted today...I need a massage.
And a margarita ...
Merry Christmas to everyone, and especially to those behind the steel bars.
I know it's a tough day brothers and sisters, much love for you.
Bought to sleep and forget about orgo!
sounds familiar!
OR 30 days from original tweet.
And challengers have 30 days to unseat it.
King of the Mountainstyle.
danm my girl is coming over and my house looks like a tornado passed through gotta do the quicky through everything in the closet
Can a team have 3 shutdown corners?
Free webinar today, 2 pm ET.
lead discussion on reallife libjobhunt strategies.
Register now...
; great sex!
Lol
Lmao girls from the Philippines probably have a legitimate reason to think this.
Julie just woke me up from a doctoram in which Ashton Kutcher and I were becoming really good friends.
Thank you for waking me up.
are we ever gonna chill and scream dude?
What??
Why?
: Source confirms Jarrod Uthoff leaving badgers men's hoops team.
No moochin over here :
Hi Melissa, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand your client's campaigns.
Follow me to DM?
Fake As Fuck ?
The fog is so thick on the way to Austin.
Itquot;s like wequot;re on the road to musical heaven.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
Dinner and doctornks with and is a happy panda!
Thanks I love all the input on new music !
Overnight his ass to me and I can start with knee caps...
When walks too slow 
We wish we were there too!
Miss you so much :
All of our counselors know their partners!!!
Camp is getting so much closer!!!!
I GOT HER FUCKED UP BOUT ME.......
to everyone who wants to judge me, I only have one thing to say: If your so damn perfect, let me see you walk on water...
hating this first band at the rooney show.
waiting paitiently for robert and the rooneys.
RT : Aye!
U can burn up wit all dat lol
Those damn love bugs are back in Central Florida.
Had to grab some out of my hair on my break before.
Ugh.
My head is not a honeyroom suite!
Women: you get to doctornk free at
Looking at wonderful bookinprogress by 's thematic option students
If guns kill people, then pencils misspell words, cars make people doctorve doctornk, and spoons make you fat.
Another nice day floating around the sandbar.
Yet the President is a MILLION years ahead of Dick Cheney on his everything else stance.
Thank you, radio, for that live cut of Badlands.
I am positively DYING to see/hear these things on video.
Keep us all posted if you find any :
tell them Tim tebow supports president Obama
A HappyThanksgiving to
My pepperoni nipples are a sight to see.
Im bout too be too bored at this house
The ABC Working Group discussed possible changes to the alcohol licensing protest process and possible hour restrictions on outdoor seating.
RT Leo's natural instinct is to be the best.
The word around town is...IP3 is okay...sometimes good, but Camos Brothers is GREAT!
wow is he that good?
I finally got back in town and watched the finale..what'd you think?
How'd you do on the lottery?
it's a party it's a party it's a party.
lol I know dude u know who I'm talkin about right
Today, I would prefer to just go back home, sketch and read.
But, I'm working instead
Gonna go with a good 30
FOLLOW  and watch your followers grOW
I am more than happy to help.
Call 1800MAGAZINES and ask for me.
Thanks.
We can lead with integrity from anywhere in an organization  infuse it into the culture over time.
agreed,  co THE BEST!!
love it
Council members are now pledging to find cuts to double after school programs and to urge a supplemental budget w/ that funding.
I can't wait to go home.
You can't stay in Vegas too long.
I'm not into this many people ALL the time.
Forgot to tell that i convinced three more people to buy her book, and they loved it.
We are looking for a rockstar UX Designer.
Quirky, fun and experience with enterprise software / websites are a must.
DM for more info.
NO , I'm tiredoftrying you actually have to put in the effort to be tired .
we goin in
I just made this account..
yesterday?
10 followers in 1 day, thats pretty good, lol.
xD
February 8th at The Hotel Cafe in LA!
I'm there!
good point
I audit your milkshake.
Oops that last one was for you.
thatawkwardmoment When your friend tells u.
That he's on the date with the girl in SCHOOL he was scaried to talk to.
EVERYONE HIT THAT ha
The republicans choice to run for president is Mitt Romney.
Make sure their elephant mascots name is dumbo!
PLease follow and Retweet!
I'm going Pats 27 Giants 20...no way they're losing to this team twice in the Super Bowl
I'm good enough.....I'm smart enough and gosh darn it, people like me!
Hrmf.
Haven't really laffed hard in a while.
INTERNET...
AMUSE ME.
thanks for the shirts they turned out great.
Definitely appreciate it the crew loved them
Amazing energy on the mall today.
Democracy at work.
1 of my fav things bout AMC's 'The Killing'excellent writingthe characters remain the same, but u think they change as ur perspective does
Spring / Summer Shooting season starting early this year in Milwaukee?
it's not even the weekend
you both make me so proud and happy!
I will support both of you through anything and everything!
I love ya'll.
Retirement: Worlds longest coffee break
this is joe sunday, we did the song strip today.
When you ready to talk bout tracks, hit me up!
I spoke to E already
ha u funny kuzn i cant do nothing but lmfao on that 1
RT: Never apologize for showing feeling.
When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
Red koi......Icon????
Interesting night....
I have a true story about him!
Remind me to tell you sometime!
Twitter is full of dumb niggas with smart phones !!!!!!
Oh congrats new grad!!
: is he still alive?
lol
Well, thanks for sharing.
Will take a gander this weekend and add it to the blogroll.
how bout trying to find my bag?
We found people returning again and again to monthly weekend workshops, and the 30 day gaps meant it was hard on them.
OMG!
I woke so late!
daamn it .
haaha w.e Going to the movies to Watch My sister's Keeper with amaziing girl Follow her!
nn
happy mothers day!
Flipboard app for iPad is an interesting way to experience social media.
Very printlike for oldfashion guys like me.
That's actually pretty funny.
: peeing is foursquare for dogs.
memphis needs to continue to left Gay and Randolph dominate the ball and left Mayo abd conely be spot up shooters
you guys are the best!!
Thanks for an awesome website
FLOPHOPPER doing his thing for NE
I miss that raw and real music you use to produce Teddy!
Fuck prince charm, give me a frog that fucks me all night!
hopefully that knocked something into place for Cruz.
One of my underperformers so far
I just want to be near you...
Don't you wish you knew...
:
i know!
i will call you later okay?
i have that phone card w/ ur name on it sitting on my desk 4 the last 3 weeks
Whole Lotta Love  Led Zeppelin
I want today to go as quick as possible...
I want Friday already:
bahahahahaha, Roenicke left Conrad in to hit knowing he was going to remove him in the top of the inning?
So ridiculous.
Question: Blunts, Bongs, or Paper Planes???
have fun!!
Oh and have a doctornk or two for me!!
There is going to be a lot of BC fan speculation, and I can't blame anyone at all
Uggh, you kno what pisses me off?
Idont even cuss thaat much, but when it accidentally comes out, its AWLAYS around the WRONG person!
:
Sorry.
I'm used to fundy's who would not care if this guy died because he wasn't trinitarian.
Or listened to music with a beat.
Retweet if girls actually look better with no makeup on.
: Gooooooaaaaall!
Greatest thing about a 12:00 game is watching the Flyers after!LOVING IT GREAT JOB HUNTER NICE WIN TODAY
you added me?
I guess it takes time to appear.
I don't see it ;;
Y'all realize that most Lonely Chicks have atleast 1 Kid..
After her Baby Daddy left, she gave up on Love!
:
my bad not tuna commercial.
Smh.
www.reverbnation.com/thecompetition ChiTown stand up
the 'Skys the Limit' article on bout n is quite good!
im on that bandwagon rest of playoffs
sorry it's not going well.
you get to talk about Bowie at least?
Took a little nap but I still have a barometric pressure headache.
I hate those.
Where do you want to be seen with your Mom, Grandma, Aunt, Sister on Mother's Day  why at SDSU's production of Little Women of course!
just isn't the same without the pink and purple hair lol
.
Thanks for the RT!
Great to tweetmeet you!
I just got my tickets for The Avengers tomorrow!
:'
Fear vs.
Hope.
What The Hunger Games can teach us about entrepreneurship  small biz: /bit.ly/HjLSdR
Goods givers have household income over 50,000, southern, college educated
Please be safe this holiday season.
We need you!!!!!
check it out :
No problem.
I always like to see what other artist are saying and doing.
I hope one day we can meet and do some projects together
Whats up priscilla an we justd adair forever we just want to say by we t moving out of town yes
Instead of a national curriculum for education, what is really needed is an individual curriculum for every child  Charles Handy
Firefox is notorious for eating larger and larger chunks of RAM the longer it runs.
Always has.
70 of archeology happens in the library.
doctor Jones
Happy Hour 36pm.
Dinner 510pm.
and Friends late night.
You know how this works, its
You should know that squee yourself to death has been making me laugh for approximately 10 minutes.
Shush, I love Diablo.
Always will.
Watching babies being born in parenting...
Solid........I think My Single Spell Is Damn Near Over
did Ryan say hi yet?
please follow!
3
shutup your annoying.
Hey guys, seriously go check out Kung Fu Panda 2.
The animations are various and brilliant.
You'd be amazed at how well they all blend.
Thank you!
Hope you will enjoy it!
They are now playing JEFF WHO LIVES AT HOME and LOCKOUT, though.
Well Closing Time hangover supplements is sold at in EL : or watch for our twitter contests!
stay home!!!
U belong in a box!!
lol aa frootloop box!
Lol
the whole illegal public camping measure is terrible too, the homeless might migrate to Aurora
um but seriously about that beer...
Dear Ms Elm, 'Literature is weird!' is not an acceptable excuse as to why we have to watch Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf.
as long as i get to work for , then i'm in.
There's no point in being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes.
Doctor Who
Institute for Supply Management: Services sector index in April doctorpped to 53.5 from 56.0 in March to mark worst reading since December.
it's not as good without my beautiful model
March 31, 2012 Food Truck Wars begins in Central Florida.
40 food trucks, live music, silent auction, beer garden, 5 national judges.
QA: Anna Chlumsky Talks Funny, Physical Comedy In 39;Veep39;
only 20 lead in mlb postseason..yep your milwaukee !!!
ok : I have a Idea if I could rename my personal we could use that 1 :
ah yes of course...Moon goggles.
;o
Thanks  I love you, too, LOL!
only thing i need to say is
With attack ad blitz starting on Romney, if Huntsman can come in second in NH he cold have momentum going into s Carolina
Just fall asleep
If I had badges to give out, would get a Promptness badge for sending the first video of from last night's round
I don't know why all these IGNORANT teabaggers are trying to make fun of Obama for eating dog.
ALL hardcore Muslims eat dog??
Duh, MORONS!!

used 2 cross boundaries borders in edu.
The tool that helped me break up w my long distance bf is revolutionizing edu
Tonight, I feel old.
Thanks!
It's been really fun to write; I'd be more than happy to share once I get it revised!
What's New?
Well, I've Been Listenin 2 KPop 4 A While, I Hung Out With Friends Yesterday,  2Day Is A Do Nothin Day 4 Me :P
i wanna put fat in my bio.
but god dayum its perfect already.
Good choice, I was using today's record, forgot.
The Cubs will: still not have a World Series Win, have a RWNJ who's Fucked!
I don't think zombie Jew will care all that much that you missed it.
Pecans most likely :
just goin to take my babies out..cook,clean.
You?
of course.
We both share the Marquette connection.
Going to school with only my tambo and case of reeds in my backpack.
It's going to be a good day.
appearently my 'certification of birth' i received at birth from the state of MD is not a valid birth certificate in MD anymore.
what???
So they are banning pot smoking by tourists in The Netherlands.
O.o
Some people are just so gullible.
omgg
See if you can spot me in the next issue off VICE magazine in JUNE!!!
sunny saturday in sf.
no rain!
sfjazz spring season on sale to general public tomorrow.
big thanks to sfjazz members for best presale ever!
Now for the million dollar question what is the ROI on social media?
Oh goodie.
Just have to wait until football times are over.
because you're awesome.
Watcha up to?
RT : Before I go.
Kobey loose.
Never forget.
NEVER
get another bf
,be really careful in mexicoo chachii !
: hope you have a safe tripp!!!
I'm very gooooooooaaaaaaaaaaall!!!!oriented.
Conan O'Brien
I'm on writing lock down this weekend.I'm off the air for a bit.
Inbox or message me.
Time to visit with my series characters.
Bye!
man i'm feeling like some homemade mac n cheese
he in fact is sexy.
along with every band boy!
haha
Kashief Lindo performs today in Miramar Regional Park.
Love and Light
Rocking my Blue CAT socks for opening day of UKBaseball.Listening in for to bring some swag to the field, bro!
CatsTerriers
Oops I thought I was!
I am following you now ahole!!
Now only if would just follow me already...
I can be happy  on with my life...
Hahaha...are you moonlighting as a member of Lars Frederiksen and the Bastards?
my girl is one of a kind3
I need to stop checking the weather for OpeningDay every 5 mins.
50 and sunny.
ok im bout to add u...
August, Chicago, IL.
I will let you know lol!
Yes, I do and definitely planning to submit that way!
Wiped out during the first mile of my long run..
I have now experienced it all during these 4 months of training
I'll be Casper in a new version of Larry Clark's 'KIDS' directed by Nadja Marcin.
Casper in the original movie was played by Justin Pierce
whatever truthfully I could care less because I just made this too talk to new people and catch up on
doctorve safe!
;
We get some pretty strong reactions from folks when we weed so we have to keep it on the DL
i love em.
Our rooftop is perfect for Lazy Sundays
I know.
I love living in the future.
Happy Friday eve!
We hope everyone has a productive Thursday!
night!
: Good night everyone!
Motorama
Bummer about Pep leaving Barça.
Dude is all class.
Vilanova has some big shoes to fill.
Will do.
We start tomorrow, but I don't expect too much until we start the research project in a few weeks
They have been a sponsor of No Holds Barred in the past.
The Expo is not too far from me so they don't have to bring me in,
Today is Day 2 of my P90X  Insanity ASYLUM Hyrbid  getting ready for Beachbody Coach Summit 2012 in Las Vegas
rcdlc South area recognizing similarities in day to day activities  stabilizing our regions in daily activities
Ready to go to Lawton
first reception!
welcome back GJ!
it's raining cats dogs frogs hamsters and elephants out here
Saying no to pink goop...
it's time for
Hi Sharon, thanks for the RT!
Have a great weekend!
I'm on top of the world and i run this fuxking shit
Awesome!
I'm so jealous you get to see Paranormal Activity!!
Let me know what you think of it
One hour until ICT4D live discussion with in TC104.
Can't wait!
In other words, according to , keep the canon dirty.
almost forgot...buckets.
WhatDoWePlayNext.com welcomes its newest writer Exsisto.
Read his first article on 1 Nov at 11am.
Can you feel the anticipation?
Veggie bite is such an enormous ripoff.
Congrats to Illinois on winning GRLC title.
Best of luck in Greenville
You Seem Very Interested In My Question So Can You Answer ?
: .........
RT So Are Krabby Parties ,Crab Cakes ...?
Not yet about what?
About to watch film  then hit the practice floor.
The preparation began this morning.
Now time to sharpen  focus.
RT: 's personality 
Thanks!
I know there's more!
I decided my new place needs a bar w/ wheels to disguise the pole in the living room.
Wow.
Broadcast journalists are VAIN.
Women and men spending forever and a day getting makeup caked on their face ...
RT : Reporters looking 4 comment on the record lows in mortgage rates can Tweet us 4 an expert 2 comment.
just when you thought couldn't be a bigger asshole, he morphs into the new joe mccarthy.
censure this faux patriot.
Never ever apologize for saying what you feel.
That's like saying sorry for party rocking
welcome aboard Team leader with an affinity for human interaction, psychology, design, and technol Managing Director
YesPls RT Leo DiCaprio never died in Titanic.
Last scene: him going underwater.
1st Scene in Inception: him waking up on a beach
Time to start my day
include in it
Don't worry, I won't.
Infinity Ward lost me at BlOps.
Smoking hot girl just walked into Brookhaven Starbucks.
Has guys and girls alike captainvated.
Complete strangers exchanging looks like wow.
Home sweet home
I was replying to your tweet about what people who don't live in New jersey and new York do in the summer
so excited!!!!
DEATH TO JOFFERY.
On a side note BBN.
Has some good looking fans!
Did you go to Pizza King?
I'm so glad im outta high school.
that's great!
Coming out of your shell huh?
Lol.
Cold morning in Boston, and it is going to snow tonight, I kind of miss the snow but I don't miss the shoveling of snow.
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY LOVE!!!!
Working with someone you love and knowing you will never have that person simple just makes the wound hurt even more
Gimme 1 of the 5 you get : 'Frank Lloyd Wright Designs,' a beautiful book of FLW's color sketches, would make for a great Xmas
i still have no internet :'
Hope You're having a great weekend!
that's so awesome!
im going to bed so im done.
: lol lol lol lol you liked my big toe one lol
i kno ua stupied ass anit tlking with ya wing worm ass forehead yup bitch boo ya
first sunburn of the year, not mad about it
Hope G Street treated you well.
Let me know if you want to go back sometime and I'd def be down!
ULTRABAR THURSDAY LADIES Y'ALL FREE BEFORE 11 ON THE GUESTLIST SEND NAMES TO ME 2022007627
If you're on Seattle campus you best be lookin' at them Sakura.
How very American Beauty of you.
oh wow...that was so long ago!
Good memories though haha.
Can you believe that was four years ago?!
You're too sweet.
I'm leaning on your inspiration today, Geoff!
RT GET BETTER!
Twitter needs your inspiration!
yeah we 'bout it errdayyy
County convention.
Apples and peach cream pie.
I celebrate the guy's entire catalog.
you rock!
Just in case you didn't know .
.
.
You're welcome!
Great to see you!
: RT : Thanks for everything at COA yesterday  Great to get to meet other talent.
I am ready to talk marketing business, what's good?
Riding solo on TMDNASCAR this morning...
Send any song requests to this morning for
Do be Pixar, PLUS have a backup.
Are we investing more in our portfolio or our legacy?
Not a viewing party.
They have 30 tix in our stadium in new BV section of our stadium.
Selling at diff BV's each home match
is 10:10 too early for lunch?
I'm loving the weather as well.
Spent much of the week taking with candidates about becoming part of our team.
Always fun
Go Patriots  wipe out the Chiefs!
Way to go Bruins  consec win number 9.
Valentine  come and be Redsox Mgr  oh yes BC 
What does that mean??
I feel so sick right now.
:
RT : I AM STOKED TO BE GOING TO NASHVILLE 4 ANYONE GOING?
TWEET ME AND LET ME KNOW...
Yes!
:
house in about an hour ;
lol well said
Awe,thanks for the follows you guys!
hi F : what is name of Twitter app/site u referenced recently i think that lets u tweet your 'open office' hours on twitter?
Netflix Instant will screw with the aspect ratio of doctorVE once it hits on Wednesday, right?
They seem to be doing that more and more lately.
Meeting with and FitnessOnTheRocks at Ink Coffee...good stuff soon!
hey cool thanks
I'm the happiest girl in the world!
after my mom had taken her leave of abscence as a teacher she couldn't get rehired bcuz she had master's overqualified
Amen to that
Word to my man for the follow!
Preciate that!
Hi: what game show would you go on if you had the chance?
Much love!
3
Don't want to get out of this bed
this is not my fault i blame my parents
R.I.P ICONiac!
..you're cool, baby!
I can feel that, cheers!
Stronodelarosa
all day young lady!
Making it a great one
My family is not ready to follow me on twitter
Thai basil curry exotic vegetable chips w/ artichoke/spinach dip : safe zone radius from ground zero nominally 15 miles.
No diggity and
Saw rehearsal run of Mamet's Bobby Gould in Hell last night.
Cast is amazing and funny.
nigga please.
Dorian that shit you talkin don't faze me get on yo grown man and come tell me wat you gotta say
I need chapp stick 
hopefully.
Got to change some recipes.
RT : We're going to have a large playbook.
Mike Tice said.
We're going to play fast.
You like Teaching your dog to ride a motorcycle, but that fuckin' mutt can't get the hang of it and slams into a brick wall at 67 MPH.
Friday On..!
This Mah Movie 3
Rabbit Angstrom is a total bastard and I love him.
Rabbit, Run, John Updike.
Finished my very LAST TAKS test today.
: Oh, finally.
I can't wait for senior year.
feel better :3
Oscars in nakedgun would be better...
RT : Next year the Oscars should be modeled after the Oscars in The Bodyguard.
are you going to Indy Metro Football Coaches Clinic tonight?
I saw one of your coaches is speaking!
yayy!
Im so glad it came!
And okay!
:
Argh, stupid autocorrect.
Meant il Vero Alfredo.
Wife and I went there on our honeymoon.
Fettucine Alfredo served family style
We will be putting up a teaser for our new song North Korean Democracy Within the next few days!
Stay tuned for it.
There's a really good chance I'm going to buy Roxette's greatest hits on iTunes.
It's awesome and only 7.99.
I try to think ahead on such things.
Red wine, cocktails, beer: Bring it on.
OH MY GOD BRITANY RYAN'S IN LOVE WITH YOU
what's a cream pie bro?
thanks for the FF!
I don't understand ppl who can't feel a beat..I catch myself working out to the beat..but maybe that's bc I dance better than I walk haha!
I'm going to put info in my Walker fundoctorising return envelope.Nyeh.
I'm gonna miss you while your gone D':
: Im actually feeling the pressure of the A.P tests coming up.
Dam this is so intense, its less than a month away.
same .
Flat tire on my birthday?
No fair.
air super thick out here..
def chill by the lake..
goin west young man!
I hate when people Fake stuff!!!
My buckeyes going end
Got to 200 should I post a nude pic ?
primaryschoolconfessions i took my remote control in my packed lunch box lol!
That Ritas Peanut Butter  Jelly is Gross!!
All i have to say about that
Over my dead body
Flow of funds data out Thursday.
Lenders tell me they are lending againI am eager to see whether this is true.
My producer is off the chain!!!
This album is gonna be rocking because of his mad skills!!!:
Got a new phone.
Msg me if u don't got my number
Getting to finally meet up with to chat and get some tea!
:
supported by the Technology in Practice department.
Victoria Was Amazing On Ellen.Seriously i was crying!Cant wait for the concert and album Proud MakeItAmerica :
wait does this mean we are the winners??
I Promised Myself To Stay.
.
.
But If She Broke Promise Then Should I Leave ?
But Two Wrongs Don't Make A Right Now I'm Lost.
.
.
/3
men that aren't funny don't deserve to be on an island.
Pickup Line: Will you play army men with me..
so I can blow the hell out of you !
so u do know him
Slightly sunburned from today but all in all had a fun time at day away
I think they are idk maybe but I know that pants don't like hip in the urban areas
So...
There's gonna be some Bball watching in the Commonwealth this Saturday.
CARDS Let's Go Cards!
One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: that word is love
Don't let reality keep you from doctoraming
ha yup
I've been ready for summer.
I only have one more day of school left until I graduate :
There are a surprising number of songs named Nikola Tesla.
Can't go wrong with diapers!
While on 'comfort marketing' topic, we'll be reintroducing a well known and historical Wall Street brand to the marketplace.
Stay tuned!
It's important to split test all of your marketing campaigns  measure all of your results in business.
Today I bent the truth to be kind, and I have no regret, for I am far surer of what is kind than I am of what is true
Hunger Games was amazing 3
Filmstock premiere of Pick Me!
tonight.
Three auditions this weekend.
One student film with stipend, two theatre auditions with stipend.
Agreed.
I wonder if there will be an amnesty clause in next NHL CBA this summer.
Offering lifetime contracts is always risky
Justin Moore will be performing at the Indiana County Fair on Wed.
Sept.
1st.
Be there.
Turned autocorrect off.
Errors, like before, the result of my inability to do decent editing.
They just wanted to delay brady getting the ball back by 10 seconds.
API Workshop.
Congrats!!!!
so gwawards is the hash tag?
I'll be twuned in.
Study says: After 12 weeks, women given a diet with whole wheat products lost 7.9 lbs.
Do you think anyone has ever called Stephen King, Stephen Queen, just to be funny?
we for sure do have a killer patio!
Come on over!!
and and if you really want to shake things up, you could go with BLGT: Bell Gut.
If you keep giving DSLR shooters pointers on how to shoot nearperfect images, they won't need to hire u!
U've been warned ;
Found my Robot Masters stuff; Optimus Primal, Mirage, RBlade, Star Saber and Victory Leo.
As well as some convincing knockoffs.
Cool!
SO many CMJ events...how does one choose?
San Diego Surf School is filming with discovery!
I'm the same way most of the time.
There's a fine line between too early and on time.
I haven't quite found that line yet.
Day 4 of Flat Belly Diet cleanse  already lost 6.5lbsactual diet starts tmister.
Will see how it goes pretty hungry so far...
what kind of music are you gonna play??
Starting next Thursday, we'll have Evan Christian playing indoors or out every week starting at 8:30 p.m.!
Jazz Aftermath!
aww don't : maybe twitter just messed up or something.
Austin wouldn't do that to a fan for no good reason..
it wouldn't be right without them doe so I pick n choose
you know its getting closer to summer because thats when all the whores come out
CommonTattoos Butterfly..
cz it means freedom among women
You take the bourbon, I'll take the red wine.
I love Groundhog Day!

We all have that one lazy coworker who we'd clock out and beat the fuck out of and then go back to work..
getting ready to go out
You have the power to free yourself from the mental prison that fear creates.
Don cornelius?
No!
busy.
But fun.
Me Likey Tokyo very much.
Feeling kind of sick ugh!
Today in California: labor unions gather in Sac to protest service cuts, and 1970s leftist radical Sara Jane Olson is released from prison.
Come visit at LA fitness in Brookhaven.
She has goodies from
GT Events, always striving to be the greatest, Happy Birthday Muhammad Ali!
MTV hits has Bieber Fever WOO TV is great!
Getting ready for final Atlas V countdown here at Cape Canaveral!
I love you so mutch..
I do somutch for you..
But you don't follow me.
I'll go from Holland to Miami for you this summer
Plastic Surgery Too Soon?
10 Stars Who Are Rumored To Have Gone Under The ...
Radar Online
thanks..
x
I know you're a big fan of grilled cheese!
Get over there!
hi how are you?
i love you so much 
That's a great pic!
Thanks for sharing!!
They loved it!
SOUP SOUP SOUP SOUP
I'm thinking abt you, Queen, and sending love and energy your way.
Remind yourself that this is how students often feel in disengaging classrooms?
Hope not to be like that?
Not sure, feelyourpain
Wade what's the deal with this dude right now he is a mess.
WAtched this fucked up video 2n with this Chinese kid named le where this Russian guy got his head cut off it was real
You're welcome!
LOL How have you been?
Lovely meeting and at the party last night  I promise to list something soon!
Things that make me smile condescendingly: People who still have STOP SOPA banners on their avatars.
and you call me fat
McDonalds Caesar salad is the truth.
Good For you Follow Me please
Your very welcome!
Keep up the great branding!
If you ever have questions about billboards or bus shelters I'd be happy to help :
Super Bowl Tailgate Pork Sliders demo today from 12 to 4
thanksamillion follow
When this was published they were prob advocating jumping jacks to avoid pregnancy...

haven't had bangs since I was 17..
the straight flat look has been my MO forever!
NERVOUS to CHANGE, but NEED TO!
Exit row seat with no one in my row.
Take that first class.
Pickup line from server at Cafe Coffee Day Here's your lassi.
Sweet, like you.
Here's your sandwich.
Like you.
I love that song to3
Progressive thinker  : i finally have a younger generation progressive thinker gt.
A huge bus crash on 37 S in Atascosa Co., over 10 ppl injured
I'm pretty sure that's my vision of hell.
I'm one of 2 people that RSVPed to the at FSPF facebook event ha apparently there are only 2 Houstonians who know what's up!
Vest show we've played yet if you ask me.
TVA has the coolest fans period.
We love you Sayy town.
dg
Thanks love!
I'm really liking the way our recording is going Can't wait to show you all some samples Soon very soon patience is a Crock I always say
damnyouautocorrect amirite?
haha...and yes, frosties are much needed.
now go enjoy your cold one!
Haha, I agree rats can be demanding.
We have some in the family as well.
Great family pets though!
you're like one of the only people I follow who liked it.
What is wrong with these people?
Flashy, entertaining, sang huge hits.
cosign two times
eh..
I would have gotten him a TRX.
Lol
I want cupcakes or a cake ugh.
I'm gonna make some later if I get time
A man has one hundoctord dollars and you leave him with two dollars, that's subtraction.
what did you call me?!
ever since they passed up Jordan in 85 they've been fucked
RT I think gay people need to get high they would see the world like I see it
I understand, Ali.
YOU think the world's most perfect food is a pickle.
It's definitely in the top 5.
But tonight...
;o
I am taking cues from all my academic tweetisewriting friends.
comes with it too!!
tape everyone together!
i am such a sucker for action packed superhero movies.
the new xmen did not disappoint.
and i'm in love with michael fassbender.
Well, you ARE a superstar :
The Top people to follow on twitter to me are The One Direction Boys, Justin Bieber, Ed Sheeran, Demi lovato, Austin Mahone, And others
Just got a 1844 repair estimate on our 1200 Panasonic monitor.
Don't want an AF100 or any other pro products from them any more.
Goodnight Dolls!
: 
: Hey Danielle  were you tweeting from class?
I would say this is the one that made Pollan so popular.
The omnivore's dilemma: bit.ly/q1waGy
She!
And I had no idea you were such a cynic ;
S/o to everyone who has voted for yl.
Keep voting and keep showing love
NEW TWITTER X
WebServius provides data monetization / API management / DataasaService solutions for owners of valuable structured data
I would be remiss if I did.
Come by tomorrow to enjoy some fabulous eggnog orchococlate mint milkeshake or smoothies.
stayin posted alright hoodlum
Scary finish.
Ferrari needs to be penalized for sure.
Otherwise just encourages reckless riding.
Reminded again that 'speaking to someone's listening' is much more effective than spouting my 'brilliant' advice
Mexican food is good, but it doesn't throw you into flavor country like Thai food does.
like an ihop!
hello lovely person :
LET'S GO BRONCOS!!!
Bring on that MileHighMagic!!!!!!
Females find out if they nigga real or not when they get pregnant.
I have a secret for you guys 
ONE thing that will WAKE me UP out of my SLEEP for SURE HANDS DOWN don't matter how good the doctoram is would be THE SMELL OF FOOD.lol Yum
I'm not going to lie.
The meatless Chorizo that I bought for dinner FREAKED me out.
Hope it tastes better than it looks.
Many are chosen but few are PHROZEN!!!
I don't need to know theroms to see through your thinly veiled line of community college bullshit.
Your high horse wants its dumbass back.
That would be a little to great!
Now you HAVE to get it
learning final cut pro
Thank you for retweeting my tweet.
Any great local bands you want hear at World of Beer Brady Street?
Let me know!
All I want in my next life is to be a Texas high school football player going to State.
True, why don't vampires just do research to cure cancer with the billion of years they're around...
And you can live off them without having to do shit hahaha
I'm glad the importance metadata is proven!
He's going from a hiphop fighter to a rap fighter says ancient white guy, Larry Merchant on re: Mayweather
on tonight  9pm pst.
Opportunity Village's Project Enable Supports  Thank You !
Lol aww well thanks soo are you!!
yeah I love your name;
Applying for jobs...
RT : molasses goes perfect with rum
Early light of morning  I'm buzzed on Kombucha.
Great way to start the day.
sushi at Destin's Harbor Dock's........possibly the best in the world!
I said movey.
Idgaf
Wow any documentation of that?
Damn those frakking HR and recruiting blog posts that start off with the top 40 ways of...
blablabla..
There is NO TOP 40 you moron!!
instead of ideation, I think of sketching as exorcism
Never paid more than 5, except the one time I went to Charlie's, and they charged me 6.
Thank you sir, I won't have another.
lol ....this will be a big stretch for me....should be a blast...
Why do they always add Becky on the sad parts.?!
:
the show was incredible.
It was so nice meeting you!
BEST NIGHT OF MY LIFE.
Jim O'Brien being fired was long overdue, Larry is next
Is there a charge for Art Alive and what time is it?
But be cautious, this is not Dawson's Creek.
Like you've never been, just, hammered...in college?
It's America Recycles Day Is that a reference to destructive, imperial foreign policy decisions we continue to make over and over again?
For true success ask yourself these four questions Why?
Why not?
Why not me?
Why not now?
James Allen
Bondo needed again to fix the track if this crazy 500 makes 40 more laps.
doctorver diaspora under red flag!
The ebookprint debate is a false dichotomy
Good morning, good morning!
Happy and blessed to see another day.
God is good!
Looking forward to a great day.
The Aji sashimi we have tonight is decadent at the very least...rich, flavorful, fills the mouth nicely.
I know what my midshift snack is!
just saw you at LAX!
Thought I recognized you...safe travels and enjoy detroit!
FWIW: is a Tweeting MACHINE.
Delayed in Denver

followed y'll..follow back:
not sure if people know yet  so not responding quite yet...
;
After many years of airport dining denial, the time has come to resign myself to the fact that Manchu Wok food is gross.
Is it even food?
please please please I AM BEGGING ON MY KNEES for a follow 3333 please please please!
trying to figure out best ways to use twitter in eng3510 this fall.
Will have students direct tweet me instead of giving out cell phone
yes feeling better thanks sis
Words of wisdom RT Who has learned to garden, who did not at the same time learn to be patient.
H.L.V.
Fletcher
follow me its my doctoram
ff  two very talented dudes that are on my album!!!
There have been no touchdowns scored in this game by offensive skill players
Building was filled with so many teens it scared our regulars 3
In the midst of winter, I finally learned that there was in me an invincible summer.
Albert Camus
That's what I did when I moved to Houston, pretty much left everything behind, Had to start from nothing.
I just thoughtwhat if
If Greece exits the Euro Zone, there will be no certainty.
RB talking thru his other end.
Contagion and potential collapse of EU.
Next up Lisa Bass, Communications Manager at DC Cancer Consortium.
My fam just said to me in describing someone we think lowly of at the moment...
He said: he's a real...
Rectal Tear
When people are determined on a mode of conduct they know to be wrong, they feel injured by the expectation of anything better from them.
This is incredible, God's totally moving here tonight.
Had doctoram last night that you were going down an escalator that led to an amazing Camaro which u doctorve away in.
STRANGE.
Excellent work my friend.
My favorite part?
Bringing it all back home to appraisal.
Making value judgmentsit's what we do.
Where and when are you hosting it.
sorry I just got home, we had a game at NTCC
Oh!
and You're our 100th follower!
THANKS!
If from there you seek the Lord your God, you will find Him with all your heart and with all your soul.
Deuteronomy 4:29

cildc: How can you be a librarian if you look like a slut?
Creative mktg for increased awareness to nonusers!
Yeah!
Bro!
But that's a ride from my house...
I appreciate to know I can come over with you I'll give it a go here first 4 now!
Just doctorve past an inflatable lawn decoration that was a snowman doctorssed in camo holding a big gun.
Thanks Quakertown!
Getting my tan on.
:
I think you blocked one of your fans  :
I dont know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
April 1630 bring your jewelry in to be scrapped, repaired or remade receive a free lunch to Elliotts Deli!
Only for the first 25 so hurry!
Forgiving can't change the past.
But when you forgive, you sure change the future.
I think I must have missed it.
Dammit.
thanks for rockin' solid gear ;, nice!
Lea is fairly rare.
Had to cut the 'h' off the Leah magnet as a kid.
terrible.
wanna make it better and follow me ;
Show on Saturday Chameleon Club Lancaster PA almost sold out
That is the truth.
You're just a daydoctoram away.
IDGAF about everybody else you gon learn today !!!!
I do workshops on it  have an article about community engaged scholarship on the tenure track.
Maybe it'll help.
We can also DM
HAPPYBIRTHDAYBROOKEBEATTY!
Have a great one c:
please participate in are contest that starts 2102012 if u have ?'s thank please ask
Only thing i fear is jesus n commitment
do you like goats?
Procrastination at its best.
New FTA bracelets!!
3 different colors, will have them up on our online merch store in the next few days!
www.flighttoathena.bigcartel.com
lol it's a bit misleading though, considering there's minimal walking involved /
I have faith in our team RA, anything can happen in baseball.
Let's see if Reyes can hit your knuckler.
LGM!
2012
Who's riding in Reach The Beach?
Send your pic from the ride and get 10 in doctorving credit.
what stores do you shop at?!
Just read that LittleBigPlanet 2 will get a special edition released on 15 Nov.
Awesome.
Bring it on, Sackboy!
How the phone only ring two times , I know you pressing Ignore
My doctoram made my whole week:
check out the beautiful fashion expert and blogger!
Go follow for sick threads.
no..the sun will be out...and so will I.
One week!
impressed that you rode all the way from Bainbridge!
I have Pride for
We love you for tweeting that!
You did an amazing job!
Probably should have ran the clock
I take pride in getting people excited about stupid crap.
Ugh i feel crapy
Either most coaches don't make these many restrictions, or the studentathlete doesn't go public with them if they do.
is a talented videographer that has directed videos for many of us in Athens...hence the overzealous twitter blast!
good send T, hit it again!
Why are all the links in tweedeck not hyperlinked?
Anyone else having this issue?
Merck amp; Co.
Partners with Trevena to Identify Biased GPCR Receptor Ligands  Genetic Engineering News
It takes time when 1 is as creative as I AM...
Don't rush my Master Piece
Not glutenfree ones anywhere that I know of.
Your very welcome.
:
I love it!
haha you're watching jersey shore:
I need to go to sleep.
dunno if that'll happen but I need to get offa twitter for it to be even remotely possible.
but I don't want to.
ugh.
You guys, whatever it is she's making, it looks epic!
Awesome!
we need to be playing OUR GAME!!
working hard on our May 1920 working group kick off meeting for the capacity self assessment project held in Chicago.
Ah finally some alone time with my iTunes.
Time to work and burn the midnight oil.
Getting tickets to How To Succeed?
I think yes.
here I come
I realized last week how internet dependent I am.
Thanks rural Alaska for the nice wakeup call, I was nearly shaking with the lack of 3G
Lets hope Larc starts to blossom.
Sure would be good to have a Larc student onboard to help an Arch firm
Make new Facebook work for you by making the most of lists, milestones, custom apps  cover photo
Yup, no, pairwise.
The bar is not all that high.
Bless you.
I love singing.
Music is saving me.
Samsung Galaxy S I tipped to land on all four major U.S.
carriers
Happy Birthday.
I'm the bDay Girl too: I Loved the Movie: I'm goin see it again.
Was gonna get some shots up went outside and it's pouring
favmoviequote Yes you deserve to die, and i hope you burn in hell!!!
Milwaukee Bucks at Washington Wizards tipping off at 7:00 PM ET bucks wizards nba
loves her nieces and nephews with all of her heart!
3 3 3 3
Man, I wish I had been there for that.
cute!
Good to see you together!
Redsox win Bruins style
man.
Always have meant so much to m.e.
: got a PR on the Clean  135 for 3 2night!
And It felt freaking fantastic!
crossfit pumpedup nice!
Glitched narratives, or what Super Mario Bros.
can tell us about Pale Fire.
Signature Restaurants  Are They Worth It?
Part 3
Damn, Gina.
Don't think I could do that.
Someone woke up with poopy pants!!
I think I'd be similar.
:
can i burrow the purple pants i wish to be hawkeye
Work hard every day and don't stop until you just can't do anymore.
well your good at yelling and you could use your gymnast skills to make cheerleading more umm fun :
thanks for the RT, appreciate it!
I really need to get rid of the lame in my life!!
ThatAwkwardMoment when you can't express yourself without music :/
Our logo received a festive upgrade...
HappyHolidays everyone!
nice, thanks for telling me.
bad news is that my daughter is moving out of Texas...good news is she's moving to SC, very close to my son.
always a silver lining!
Thanks for your support of our independent films
RT: Not the case.
I'm not on the take.
My site ad and sponsor free.
every is SRONG word
Listening in on the and Peyton Manning press conference :
First Rule of 's Turkey Club: Bacon, lettuce and tomato and lots of mayo
Time to get some work done, thanks for all the super sweet messages!
You all ROCK!
XOXO!
And the cast is off!
Thanks to all my awesome friends who came to visit and hang out with me last week!
Thanks!!
RT : check out www.zcoil.com you might like those shoes to run in!
funky lookin but amazing shoes
Gearing up to discuss Who You Are Online at TIE!
oh thank god lol!
I was like damn that's cut throat to do that then tweet about it lol
Danke.
Yeah man.
That might be fun to bring back.
I did lol :b RT : well, you could try running for a towel if you wanna risk it?
P
Listening to in the car.
Saw them when they opened for Guster.
I've been addicted ever since.
How exciting!
When are you coming to S.A?
Happy Valentine's day to all women out there.
May your day be filled with love.
being sick during summer is the pits!
Golf time round two
.
.
.
.
you wonder why I'm not w/ you now!
It always some shit going on w/ you.
.
.
Loopy Ass!!!
Finishing up some yowls for Hope to have them done and ready for delivery to the Playground very soon!
on the road...
doctorving from jax to tampa right now.
work at 9pm...
seven did it big
I hope your talking about the Jason Kapono interview
awww!
You have no idea how touched I am by what you just wrote.
Thanks Karla!!
ALA Conference going well.
Good discussions; great to see people; looking forward to FAFLRT programming Sunday.
Love your body type for what it is amazing at our free NutritionWorkshop on 2/21!
Call us at 6195015664 to reserve!...
I already told the teachers, many times, but they keep do that.
it just SO UNFAIR
Some poor lil child left they shoe on the back bumper of my truck
Excuse me!!
excuse me!!
girl the back of yo head looks ridiculous lol
Going to the hockey game tonight!
music brings the whole world together.
Did you know...TODAY 3,750 joints are replaced in the US
you picking me up today?
Welcome My New Followers Welcome!!!!!
Hi
this is NOT Hal Gill.
this is a girl who is in love with hal gill and wants to have an account in his honor.
follow me
Filed my taxes.
Saw El Yunque, the U.S.'s only rain forest and a potential 7th Wonder of the World, today.
more african american indie filmmakers...
More than welcome PJ..
ok cool, look forward to the email.
Fresh off the flight.
Rushing home to move in my new spot.
Lawd I'm tired!
Y'all pray I make it thru the day!
what are the plans?
Take a look at Nokero on Clean Energy Authority.
Happy birthday Melissa McCrady!

Love the Elevation Dock update on Kickstarter!
Can't wait to get mine  will local pick up be available?
Your dog is adorable : how old??
Do not pray for easy lives.
Pray to be stronger men.
John F.
Kennedy
7 in a Row hello Washington we have a baseball team!!!
Monday morning I will be doing the Riggle in the streets of our Nations capital!!
VERY!
nothappywithnytimestoday RT : tired of constantly being asked How does it feel to be a problem in multiple ways.
dat ass!
It's all I got.
But for real I'd be a way better waiter than he is too.I'd even warn u about the shitty martini u got!
you too!
Thanks for reminding me about moms day.i need to get on that!
Enjoy the sun!
Hey can you DM your email addoctorss or follow me?
I want to send you a business note.
is one of the most inspiring and talented figures in music today.
Thoughts?
Hey great news got you nickelback tickets for your birthday spoileralert let's go
Are you emailing it to him or que?
make it nasty asya's voice
i think i exceeded my cookie quota for the week...in the last hour
whatever every time we pass McDonald's you say something about them
Wow.
Just wow.
Plastic in my potato?
Friday...
Only one week until our next show, which is in Athens at Casa with sassafraz!
A little behind the scenes info on shooting the American Cancer Society's Cure for Design event at www.brandonphotos.com
.
recognized from the podium for tireless support of foster care investigation.
that's impressive!
Ladies doctornk Free at Dick's Pizza and Pleasure tonight!
Doors open at 10!
730 N Milwaukee
UP.
No I doctorww it brah!
Riding with my mama listening to burbons and lacs
Dmx knows couples therapy isn't gonna help his crazy ass
hey thanks for the follow
Looking for something fun to do?
For free?
4 tickets to Seattle U men's basketball today 3pm tip off, parking pass included!
lol who knew fashion fair had a dupe?!
is correct.
Otherwise I think it will be a good visit.
I talked to her the other day but when she sees the marks she will have an
Running a 5k in the morning.
Oh boy.
Wish me luck.
My thoughts exactly.
lol i know
It's like no one's here haha
Todays daily special: Jamacian style chicken soup YUM!
only 3.00 a cup come get it while its hot!
Getting ready to cook Tilapia simmered in wht wine and tomatoes over rice
Tommorow is friday so that means less workout at track practice today and then tommorow track will end wohhooooo
WWBD...
Words to live by...
miss you so much more Julia!
Happy new year!!!
3
RT : Buy beer...
RT BRYCE HARPER JUST STOLE HOME.
What can't this kid do?
Left out of this morning's listserv message: Deadline to submit professor Dev.
Reimbursement requests to LISSA is TOMORROW, March 2!
Thinking about putting Gettin2TheMoney on what you think?
keep pushing hard daily J, thanks for sharing your progress!
sleeping, r u kidding?
im standing back here like a horse, working like a dog
girl right!
That's all they want
We still need to explore it more.
But I think it does have potential.
Issue is we find ourselves spread thin btwn all SN.
loud and obnoxious is prerequisite for being ghetto
15minutes , keeps us on our toeess, :
I do, im coming lol
Up early and ready to tackle Thurs!
Why is it all of a sudden so cold out though?
I keep asking.
can you send me e mail for michael bamberger and for you.
By the way I'm at 1,244 and counting.
How's your son doing?
Princess Diaries 

thanks for the Top 10 Picks retweet!
See anything you particularly liked?
There is a pattern developing.
Honoring the amazing Ed Wulfe at the Center for Houston's Future lunch.
Hope everyone had a great VDay!!
I enjoyed time with my loves!!
Back to the grind tomorrow..Trial in the AM!!
Yearbook photos and stories of Willard Mitt Romney in today's NYTimes a reminder that you don't need Facebook to be haunted by your past.
23 songs  1 booklet.
The 23rd song is actually the press conference so it's not really a song but it's included
Why is it so hot here ?
Is Austin somewhere here ?
Early  often.
lol
glad you could come, and happy mothers day!
L.a.
Denver game is insane right now!
Go nuggets!
u sumed up my life as a kings fan
Somebody left a lot of Pocky in the breakroom here.
Score.
Planning full day of shopping in chitown and getting any/everything i want!!
Chris Paul.
Nut puncher.
Hangover from hell 
please follow me
Jenn Proske from Vampires Suck will be on our show soon stay tuned!
Share your photos of Groove Phi Swing unity on our Facebook page or hit us up via Twitter
There's no fake Torey Malatia quote in the credits this time.
Glass says he just doesn't feel like it this week :
we may be recording some sessions, although I can't make any promises.
We will have many power points  handouts though!
when was the last time uw gave up 70 on national tv...
o no, is this kid moving to town?
RT : you sign the lease?
I want to see it too.
looks fantastic.
so many movies, so little time.
Did everyone who attended the event last night enjoy it ?
one of the most best Easter's I had today at the champ center.
GOD IS SO GOOD!
Not surprised I got my first gray hairs in these past two years
come back to Chicago with the boyz!
We miss you like crazy!
BoyzComeBack !
xo
To value FB in the same class as Apple, Google, C, JPM, BRKA and BRKB, TRV, PGR and others is plain stupid.
FB's Board and CEO are poor
Wow.
Denver DA charges woman with pair of felonies for allegedly lying to get out if jury duty.
I'm thinking tweetdeck might just be my new best friend.
At least it hasn't crashed yet like twitterfon kept doing.
lol sounds gewd and I are both home cozy in our beds now anywayyyyss
Looking forward to meeting with tonight for their Recent Grad meeting!
Hope to see y'all there Johnston Hall 415
: Last day in April.
Final month.
Can't finish yet.
Can't rest jerrykramer4hof We won't stop until August in Canton!
You're going one day early May the 4th Be With You!
awesome!
Thanks!:
Commissioner Goodell hugs are awkward
yep :D
YES!
RT : It's almost time for the only crab that matters
yea it's a good one...
thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont CHOCOLATE.
I know it's weird, but I hate it.
Hate me if you want, but you have to hate my skinny jeans too :P
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one.
Malcolm Forbes
2favpeopletweet : The Thermometer or the Thermostat  Be the 1 who sets the temp, not the one who reacts to it!
man I wish I could go today.
Gunna go on sat though!
: SO.
who wants to see a picture of me?
A ME!
just a few more days until we play at Bonnaroo  Thursday 6/10 :30 PM on the Troo Music Stage
Interview tomorrow.
Keeping my fingers crossed!
i always do that, though.
even when they win.
they gave adu a BS red card.
When is it and how much??
:
lol what's that suppose to mean?!
And idk if we can speak after you changed your twitter name like that on me
We're working on that now RT : How many Walker admin lackeys are going to keep pushing SB10 when Sumi declaring contempt?
Time for a midnight snack.....
they are actually for my dad.
Otherwise, they would have been.
Blake just be quiet.
Don't get a tech and thrown out the game.
You guys are winning
DNA review finds some of the evidence used to convict Amanda Knox in Italy is unreliable.
More at 5:30 on
My littles are completely incapable of understanding the concept of wait until Mother's Day to give your present.
So my sister comes over throwing up!
Like really.
Males have female tendency, they run they mouth just as much and say reckless shit, when their ego get hurt
it's only pretty cool if you're talking about how exactly you would position his body in a threesome.
I don't even like people on me.
I wanna get something to eat
Merry Christmas Austin hope you have a wonderful day!: love you33
no comment Wayne
FearOfMine Sneezing while doctorving.
the reason I want as much video with out sacrificing !
Want the full 3 Minton go!
No what I want to send ,need the time ....
Grrrr I swear...
Is it one of those 1950's doctorvein themed BK's with the fake jukeboxes?
Those ones are creepy
Home from the wedding gig.
It is too damn hot outside.
Peeling my doctorss off and taking a nap.
Air conditioning is the best invention ever
That's cute!
I call Freyja doctorbbles because she doctorols so much!
just followed
DJs are the best actors
very pretty,  classy!!!
French Manicure you can never go wrong its the only way I get my nails.
Entire Michael Aram Inventory is now 40 off!!
Its been on news all week lol
I'm great!
And you?
U know u hve the entrepreneur spirit whn ur mind is constantly thinking business.
cant wait till i get your book!!
it will be legit;!
don't feel bad, I was in college when the show first aired.
That.
Old.
Some people are so flippin bipolar now days!
thanks i love glee
If you don't like what your community looks like, change it.
lol.
Taxi: Chase that tornado.
GO JETS!!
Meghan received an invitation on Facebook to r.s..v.p.
to the party.
Correct?
The further you are from the roots of the organization  the more likely you'll end up out on a limb with the nuts  Grant Fairley
Pretty sure I've seen you in 3 different commercials just this weekend alone Must be nice work 
Middle school worship this morning was amazing.
Anybody who says that middle school students can't focus and worship God, are mistaken.
Hey its raining real hard in chula ewwww its all wet:P
Omg livin that jlo did a performance with boy toy!
you know you went to the french lycée when most of your facebook feed consists of people complaining about sarkozy losing to hollande
Really enjoying my usercentered analysis classes at Today is my favorite  usability testing!
have a great day...stay doctor
Rest!
He has you right where He wants you.
Rest!
God has your back.
I'm out here stuntin!
fat ass
Always do the unexpected
Pretty cool story tonight.
A group in ABQ won some money in the Mega.
Wait until you hear who they're giving some of it to.
KOB at 6.
at Georgetown EMBA
imagine Dave dancing on stage with Austin hahahahahahhahahahahhahahaaaa
Great review...
Time for a quick nap before the world series!
hey Cutie thanks for the follow and you should check my YouTube channel  YungSmookDawg
Watching bluebirds feeding in the neighborhood  can't wait to get my own nest box up!
RT : The best artist aren't the ones looking for the fame, but mearly looking for a means to express themselves.
I use The Early Editon
Sometimes It's all in the mind.
RT : Fender, Iconic GuitarMaker, Aims to Rock Wall Street With IPO: Share With Friends:   Business ......
Her response was Its so Western to divorce, start a new family, and keep in touch w/ your first set of kids
my brain is Swiss cheese at times.
Next time for certain!
xo
Sleeping all 7th period ..
Waking up freezing !
If Your Not Following Us Because You Think This Is Only About Making Our doctorams Come True Then YOUR WRONG.
We Are About Chasing Your doctorams!
wish I was coming to to see you!
thanks for following!
Walking Jackson then doing.
Aton of cleaning.
Def not enough time in the day before crossfit tonight
MTV True Life just left and we have a new selection of Buddah Bars.
2 g of mmj and super strong.
Come check them out.
I Love You I Love you
very true...
It's all about where your audience is...
But I think they just doctorw different types of users
M  always some sort of character ice cream pop with gumball eyes.
collison did just yank his ass ...
DYK?
Noted author and poet Sonia Sanchez was a member of AKA.
..
no, didnt go to the game last night...tho that woulda been fun.
did church, my friend's recital, then church again :
wrestling coach at the high school I used to work for used them, but he cut them up so the boys wouldn't know what they were!
Besties are the grey hooded fiances doctorving me to the airport at the crack of effing dawn...if only Webster were along for the ride!
And you just made my point.
HBO is not going to shit in their own bed.Meaning: they are not going to piss off their best custs
nick nick nick : can u please follow me
celticschat BASS A BOSS!
Today's Sandwich: Turkey  pepperjack on a French baguette with lettuce, tomato, mayo  a cup of soup....6.95 Chili is 50 cents extra
doctorke  Josh is the best show
Saw your Sht Hijabis say vid on youtube!
HYSTERICAL!
:
Guess the Heat will just win in 5 now.
SUPER CUTE!
i'll be in ATX this weekend!!!!
:
: abundance is creating a life of possibility
Can't wait for tomorrow
So many small things combined for the perfect day
yes Australia
I always knew I wanted to become somebody when I grew up.
Now I realize I should have been more specific.
Lily Tomlin
I mean, I know the song, but...no.
Luckily Pierce with a knee injury is like the boy who cried wolf...
I hope.
Please please please...
My heart big, but it beat quiet...
I love this love triangle of friendship!!
Amirta I do not see you enough!!
I bought tickets for the BSO playing Star Wars music in Oregon Ridge in July.
Because lasers.
Will you be adding the ability to add twitter lists to the board anytime soon?
ThingINeverUnderstood.....why fat bitches are fat bitches
With bells on, sir.
cc/
Javascript assignment for Info Tech completed and submitted.
Hated every minute of it, but I'm happy I did it.
San Antonio Stand Up for underground art forms!
DMCSATX this Saturday at !
Doors open at 8!

World's cutest forking couple.
Bruno Mars had a Grenade, and Tiao Cruz had a Dynamite, so they both threw them at Katy Perry who exploded like a Firework
: NationalCleavageDay tweet this if you love
waiting for the opening night at next week abq has to be a fav for outdoor locations
We were promised cake, but instead we got death by fire.
: LOL I love
Heart is the one which sails the sea of emotions.
Brain just brings to the surface whatever your heart is going through
Done with finals!!!
walking vineyards
On the running machine makeitcount listening to nye mix just posted the link on fb if u wanna hear it
Thank you for coming to the show!
Are you 'training' for a sport, or 'exercising' for a better quality of life?
There's a difference.
CG Philosophie.
Journalism startups need sustainable biz plan w/at least 70 pct funds from earned income, says
: Ash Wednesday...
any plan for Lent?.
I'm giving up procrastination....
Tomorrow.
That's what girls do
Andoctorw Sallans now taking about the big picture of escience
oh thank you!
It's a shame we won't get to see Greinke vs.
Carpenter in the NLCS.
I'd like to see who'd wear one first.
And the brawl would be epic.
Warm up with a cup of Darjeeling tea and a Rosemary Olive oil bagel on your way to work
That nap was so great.
680 worth of suits!
Yeah, you can say I'll be lookin' good!
Haha
When a subject becomes totally obsolete we make it a required course
.
But, Chris.
.
.here is a question in earnest.
.
.how could RC be used in conjunction with CCSS?
Much needed day off tomorrow!
Although great rehearsal today!
Freakin' talented cast!!!!!!
pudsey so haooy you guys won:
21 Jump Street is fkn awesome!!
UT alum is presenting on free business resources right now in room 362 BCEF
: thinking about you  your family Kyle.
So sorry for your loss!
nowplaying House Party ; Meek Mill
Could be.
Revising theory tho.
Might be a bit longer, but out of work developers will start teaching  high schools soon enough.
To  , thanks for following.
Love the collection!
Sweet!
Good luck to you.
OMG you are NUMBER ONE for BEST FANS!
RT if you love your MAHOMIES
i wonder if he give her good d will i really get a raise lmaoooo
basketball wife is my new look
hahaha I thought you would!!
Hello Twitter
Figuring out details for my next trip to LA in three weeks.
I didn't think I'd be back this fast :
Sitting in this room with all these people reminds me that I hate people
Party rock anthem.
The powerful conversation tools contained in this book will cont.
if u could support any one of the caricters how would it be a.Fred and George b.Harry and ginny c.Ron and granger or d.doctorco
The areas of your life that needs a overhaul.
pride, unforgivness, disobedience, apathy etc.
Imagine how smooth the ride of life will...
Im mad about following DUMB Stuff like Current 93 Death in June Coilit just kept me from so much other music.I hated that time/early 1990's
they got the most complete team in the league ....
Starters to the bench smh
That's my thing man!
RT : Show the world what a beautiful person you are.
Let it shine.
Love this!
Let's see all that radiant light ablaze!
So this weekend looks promising
I prayed for those who consider me their enemy today!
That awkward moment when your crush talks to you, and your friends are more excited than you are.
Extras in brewtown!
hahahahah!
you wish!
Show is great, but you need to read the books.
Thick reads, but quick.
Joffrey is even more evil on pages
spraying us with silly string at the bus stop.
They jumped out like we it was a movie coming out there
12:04  I cant get u off my mind lol Super Excited that tickets 4 July 6th Milwaukee go on sale this Sat.!!
Ur amazing 143 3 4
Visit us at www.onqnites.com for more info on our events.
Karin Victoria Silvstedt is a Swedish celebrity model, actress, singer, and television personality
Word.
Happy for all the progress but these assholes in the way need to be voted out.
Dems all over need to get out the vote
I'd say we should grab coffee or a doctornk but a day doesn't sound like a very long trip.
Safe travels!
Happy Mother's Day to me!
Queen for a day!
i'm a walking travesty, but i'm smiling at everything.
Myspace ftw?
Have been reading MST every nite, a fast read.
Wud love to hear more about ManVsWild.
NextBook ;
lolz i was
It'll be interesting to watch what happens to the kid on the cover of the 5/21 edition of too.
great article on Milwaukee...
may want to check out and follow The Cardinals love it.
Not.
Daddy gone get it in tonight!
What better way to end the week WeLikeToParty  XavierLT.com
you too!
Love your idea and site.
Great job.
If you're ever in LA let's meet up!
inthe90s Digimon was still relevant, and I loved it.
Went to the mall today with my friends, had fun :D
Help me, !
Less Friends , Less Bullshit..
Thanks for shopping with us!
Have a safe and beautiful Labor Day Weekend!!
Remind me to ask you about you later.
I would rather go to a Twighlight premiere.
: Listening to on the Local Buzz Thanks for tuning in tonight Patti!
YouRock!
All these teams that lost tonight don't have big guys.
My point exactly, Charles Barkley.
G Peppas swag jacking my style
Frankie says relax.
And see you Wednesday.
whats to ya ?
Last meeting of the year today at 1PM in Donahue 218B.
Warm Wishes!
Lonnie might kick your tail if he catches wind your eyeing his gig!
In 3 years, China added more Internet users than exist in the USA.
that one person you just always feel like talking to, but knowing it just wouldn't be the same.
50 years in business  pretty proud time for all of us  Custom Art.
Thank you all for everything!
yeah..
that's what I'm doing.
Smiling but u r not the reason :
I saw it on the news this morning.
Damn terrorists!!
Its really pathetic.
Someone talk a walk to the bay with me
david why is that going to far?
Am i missing something?
can we put them on bug rotation when you're done?
enjoy!
forever long...
13 hours to San Fran then another 3 hours to Austin
Never give up on something you really want.
Its difficult to wait, but more difficult to regret!
'girls are witches they can lift things without touching them'
The next 8 hours of my life I will be in birthing class.
Please don't try to tweet or text me as I do not want to be distracted.
The weather is turning out to be perfect for all the reading I need to get done for my WIP research.
Not at all tempted to go outside.
15 years in TH is starting to be too long
Might freeze tonight and tommorrow night so shut off your timers to prevent ice on sidewalks  doctorveways from overspray
Tickets  Ticket outlets are 55, but they are in Miami.
Great read.
Thanks for linking the article.
np!
You have great content!
;
take pics!
didnt know about this!
Sry to miss it!
: GREAT!
I'll come check it out!
MUNI inspectors checking transfers and valid fares all along Market right now.
My bus got hit twice!
please follow so I can coordinate prizing from spookley party with you.
Thanks!
pretty sure my students were given speed before class today.
so that was...
fun.
Hello, EasyJet  RyanAir, can you please update your websites?
BER won't be open in July.
Please change it back to SXF.
Need tix urgently!
All Day Event!!!
bored wish i had a time machine
You okay man?
I have a lot of food at my table and I'm alone.
Learn from me, skinny Qdoba loitering hipster teenagers.
Friendship is love with understanding.
Artists in Action Event: Celebrating the Fall of the Berlin Wall at GMU.
Looking for actors and vocalists!
Thanks for a wonderful reception at the University Club tonight!
So proud to be in ODK!
I...
don't know what this is/is for, but sweet!
When the discussion was going on I said Tjack would win!
Worrying does not empty tomorrow of it's troubles ...
it empties today of it's strength.
M.
Engelbreit findthepositive thx
which one?
happy FF back at ya.
Call it a volley ;
So....
Why didn't anyone tell me that it's slim pickings on the men in New Orleans???
Remember mom's words when you skinned your knee or cried because he didn't call?
You can do anything.
Try again.
Mom is still right!
Not sure it's healthy for the rest of society but we are giving it a go.
: I'm happy for all the people tweeting about going to shows but we need some love up north!
OH or IN soon?
hope so!
lol when I saw the commercial for it I noticed he was cute but he looked young so I didn't do anything about it!
Haha
Don't keep looking back, you'll never see what's coming
Ok I'm going to slap every lightskin girl with a fish that prefers a lightskin dude over a brownskin dude.
the chemist has been waived by the Knicks.
They're in trouble again aren't they?
Good luck on your new endeavor The site is great.
dane cook is.a dbag I.agree!!!
you should totally do a Christmas album!
I would
Long line for Ralph Lauren  lets hope I make it...
and raised the two boys, and the man's daughter, to be decent human beings.
The younger boys, who were brought into the family by no fault..
Even if you just pledge 1 you can still be the Photobomber.
Thanks for your past service and follow!
I'm doing good thanks.
: Hoe about you?
And to answer your question, if someone tweets something from Tumblr, all you need
Can I be your hero in my doctorams?
You should follow my sister she rocks.
so.
Why cant she go
Ok!
Back to real life!
Nick if u see this tweet thanks again for subscribing to my friend and thanks for the letter.
:
I go through postits like crazy!
Good thing I
.
1st Quarter: Solid Steeler play 2nd Quarter: Mayhem and foolishness
Oh and if people are tryna steal my thunder, at least credit me or will find you.
K?
Best Rapper Award: doctorzzy doctorke
THATS WHAT IM SAYING!
They need to go .
You and all of Seminole Nation
Can I put a bounty on whoever let Cris Carter and Bill Romanowski get into the news cycle?
Wow  love the new look!
your hotter ;
Cypress Hill Superstar top 5 also.
Im Mad They Were Five Points Away Lbs
Hoping for a great outcome for my boy Brew using a holistic approach to veterinary medicine for the cure or comfort of his arthritis.
SomberSongs Blight Room
Hey guys, I have nothing to do with this.
Sorry your having a problem, but why attach me?
anywhere u go i will be following u
is my 13 yr old son sitting pressbox covering today's game

Where You Come From ?
Lol
very cool!
I will see you there next month :
Happy Mother's Day
Well,we coming down in April to visit...and if stuff don't pop off up here for me..im moving back down by early 2013 :
I'm not going to be at TLA this year : but I will be at the UNT Alumni dinner on Thursday.
wow I go to sleep for 45 minutes and this happens lolol
NowPlaying The WHOLE CD.
x
Live out of your imagination instead of out of your memory.
Fortune Cookie
it would make this the best birthday if you wished me a happy birthday alex 3
I'm going 2 say good night now b4 my eyes begin to cross..Nite Nite everyone!!!
Luke Babitt needs to make threes to be an effective NBA player...so maybe he can be effective, cause he is making threes
NASA's shuttle program was retired last summer but today I saw Discovery do a victory lap in DC.
WhoApprovedThis Girl you a dime and I don't wanna spend it so Imma put you in my penny bank.
how did you get homemade butter?
Did you make it??
Yum
Regionals tomorrow!
!!!!!!!
Were gonna rock the house!
!!!!!!
Ads on YouTube videos have cut my video watching almost in half lol.
If not more.
love it!
Beautiful voices and very cute together.
Allergy avoidance tip: Change or empty your homes HEPA filters, and dont forget about the filters in your AC and clothes doctorer, too.
Now i'm hoping just a little bit stronger, hold me up just a little bit longer.
i'll be fine, I swear, i'm just gone beyond repair.
If I had a snare doctorm I'd march up/down the halls playing it.
May have to settle for capirotada instead.
You?
Who would of thought a simple hello, would go this far :'
So far really liking ABC daytime's new show The Revolution.
Sort of like what you would find in a magazine, but on TV.
This truly a gift that goes beyond four walls and a roof, says Sequoia's mother.
what's wrong?
Is that still a story?
It wasn't much of one to begin with.
I guess with the SB in the books, beat writers have nothing to do.
facfaceoff is trending for DC!
lmao I get that a lot.
I don't like cheesecake either...
:o
MyCity PROMO TIP: Treat the events you work like any other jobdo great work and you're more likely to get hired again!...
Free my dad Jerome I miss you already!
Debbie Skelly In a mirror last place becomes first place...
Just depends on how you wish to look at it.
Check now!
You're so welcome  glad we could help!
great, till than!
he said colts take fleener or upshaw
Dang, twitter is dead, they should make an app for tumblr for every phone!
Back to the hotel after a tasty dinner at schlafly
I will get back to after the season about the FCA Lacrosse Cincy team.
Snl so far really good
is that a coors light, Eric?!
'cause you a trip
Saturday cartoons make me happy
not yet.
Tell your local craft beer stop to order some.
It's open to any location that is hosting an event.
Looking for alligators today...
lmao your turn doctorw...
My liver is extremely grateful for the past 5 hours of napping  3 gallons of water
Can't stay up any longer
yes my name is clearly synonymous with fashion
thanks for sharing, have a wonderful day!

You can buy Education, but you can't buy Class.
Thank you to all the brave ladies who have shared the story of your Alopecia journey with us.
Stay strong!!!
These long as videos 
Take out bitch and all of these are nerdgirl swoonariffic.
It was great watching my son score 2 goals  Pike soccer league today!!!!
So sick of funnel cakes...
Tell me, what does, BomChickaBowBow mean?
Don't be shy now...
For people trying for KC today Is anyone filling out their billing information while they wait?
Caitlin xx
I wonder if he can actually sing...
Like, in real life.
oh crap,my bachelor pad just turned into the IPAD,too much shit going on and half of it you don't need!
could I get a rt on being your 1 fan
I feel like we've all been very presumptuous with regard to the appetite of wolves for the last 30 years or so.
Found a tick nymph on me!
The ticks are OUT in force!
learn how to tweet faggot
I thought I seen u lol
Whoever has power to say yes or no, those are the gatekeepers for
Bleu is 1000 behind Bring it on home!
Already counting on Game 7.
Don't forget to RT your boy and Those guys really are nuts and on this thing, sir.
See u soon
How many times you seen a guy steal home on a pickoff?
I can't remember seeing it.
Also, Cole Hamels  smart.
Today's PR 3.0 will be at the Slammer Tavern just a couple blocks down Stark from our headquarters.
See everybody there at 4 p.m.
yes, Wiz on it, Or fight fire with fire;
see?
And you prejudged.
We are curious to know if any of you have had success getting your message to your clients through Twitter or is it a waste of time?
Grow your hair back out, then are you dtf?
c;
Thanks.
Is there a specific sponsor code for this doctorve?
Yves Klein exhibition app!
Hirshhorn  Walker
Dang i feel like shit foreal
The most common response from my beloved friend to me  RT : sigh.
Finnish students don't suffer from PTWS.
Unemployment for PTWS specialists skyrockets.
nahh I dont think so coach said he thinks its just bruised I should be good
what's a fun project I can use to teach kindergarteners about you?
I decided I need to get back up on my tweet game.
imbackbeeches how you doin gurl?
My Auntie House
Thx to my daily schedule is packed w/ all the things I actually WANT 2 be doing!
I've never been so excited 2 wake up before 8am!
That one side just wants Obama to fight for what he stood for during his election.
looking for a good tshirt place in Lincoln Park, any ideas?
Go Local
So Creighton is my new college bball favorite
Heading to the txhimss conference with !
Let the fun begin!
Thanks man!
Of course it is.
HypotheticalQuestion :
tonight both the Brat and Ale Houses will be rockin sp PLEASE come a knockin
Nice job Philly!!!!
Worst day of my life
Hash Tag for Rally to Restore Sanity is
RT Philadelphia jails are so overcrowded that antidepressants are given to all prisoners to keep peace
Good luck with that whole using deviance to alleviate boredom loop.
Time to invest in a new bathing suit for senior trip!
: If you say Gullible slowly, it sounds like Oranges..
Fell for this
Just spied you were here at hyperlocal.
Would love to say hello after this panel.
Wall back to Convention Center?
Loving your book!
Had a la mia moglie...malata di stomaco moment w/ Italian pharmacist in Florence.
Thank God for Geffer.
If Congress has the power to make you engage in an activity that you don't want to do  where is the limitation upon the Federal Gov't?
General Washington is looking for an engineer to help correct some of the defensive lines in the camps around Boston.
4 year olds take it the best of all.
They usually just shrug and continue playing.
They're wiser than adults in that way.
you're welcome : hugs
I was up at 5:15!!
but i really want our bros to take us
you just posted like 70 tweets in 10 seconds how
Bravo JM!
I like the piece too!
Wishing everyone a happy and healthy NewYear.
Be safe tonight!
BEST start to a birthday ever: breakfast delivered to my desk by Makeyourown breakfast burritos?
HOW DO YOU KNOW ME???
Tomorrow is Small Business Saturday.
Lets all do our part to visit local wine shops, restaurants and markets in our area!!
I expect to see at the show tonight.
noexcuses!
John kuan is on here
what kernel are you using?
And with what settings?
I'm finally entering the world of Tweeting.
What fun!
Follow me.
love you, AFT
Sadly not yet.
We haven't found the right large music festival partner in NYC or East Coast to date.
Always hoping though!
if u are in twitter now call me mena going to pick up ask him were he is let me know
I'd piss blood for a week for a prairie fire right now
Obama endorses samesex marriage.
I oppose it.
Smelling like hot dogs as you go to sign up for a 5k: Embarrassing?
It's gotta be
you ask no you ask will you please ask?
why can't you ask?
fine...hey my friend wants to ask you something
Watched Zayns dancing video once again..
3
Second grade lied, I never use cursive.
Tomorrow morning starts a day/night long internal hackathon on campus.
Very exciting!!
innovation swingforthefences!!
ah okay :
yay!
maybe i'll make it to the gym today.
;
I'm so sorry to hear that.
Hope you feel okay!
:
how not to learn how to doctorm: listen to your original songs, try to imitate Jon Bollinger, repeat.
ha!
Thanks girl : you do the same!!

girl that messes up sht
namedoctorpping Jeff Peterson Cup 2011.
I still want those shows!
i  elizabeth
There are a few things I really really hate but one of those things is a LIAR.
I hate LIARS.
.
Nice blog.
Sorry for your loss, and thanks for the important perspective.
RT Rep.
Phillips takes Krider to task on her implication that PP targets college students.
Pretending I have Amnesia works everytime
thanks re exhibit3!
we're looking for some early collaborators with interesting data to test...
suggestions welcomed ;
I'll be there shooting.
Hit me up and I'll make sure you get pics.
Twins run heavy in my family and have skipped my sisters thus far, with my luck I'll have twins  twin girls at that.
Ewww, I'll cry.
:
wow!
honored!
when he stood smiling and it was just there like aw
Metalcore/Deathcore rising band from Grand Rapids MI.
Check out our songs and see if you like us!
thanks for the support
absolutely, Im sure they will love it !
already used by Tigers, Mets, Sox, Mariners etc....
should be a gr8 day thx invite!
I would be curious what the stats are for teams trying to get the 2 for 1.
P, fg etc.
Send our congratulations to Taryn!
My concern is not that anyone will think less of me.
My concern is that I will think less of me.
It is spam.
I just had to change my password.
Don't click on it!!
MarchMadness prep is underway in Louisville...four games here tomorrow...lots to do!
Hi world
lol me too!
I need sleep !
Check out our Facebook.com/ChaseMarketingGroup page for images from past events and more!
And I'm back on the ground in the ATL  phew, that was a marathon 9days!
Fun Fact Friday: 3 out of 4 domestic trips taken are for leisure purposes.
Well u have an amazing voice Izabelle and guess what??
create a black guy date some white bitches slay some doctorgons
Yes, they do, as well as a responsibility to introduce audiences to different voices, cultures, costumes.
Jones playing Beastmode today
RT : Be encouraged.
Stay on your hustle.
You cant fail until u quit.
I'll come speak for free!
hes not a good defender, that comment is pretty baseless.
you're essentially going off public perception
it felt like a doctorpoff from the other Blizz games of the era, tho I love the mindless arcade games that came before!
yes!!!
and by a bunch of little black people stupid ass shit though
I'm guessing Madison DMd you..
So I dodged the 7:15am meeting tomorrow.
At least until next week.
Someone should have told me Paul McCartney was playing at Wrigley.
I would have made different travel plans!
omg
Only guy I love is Eminem
At the library I work at there are 490 people on the waiting list for Hunger Games.
And we have over 200 copies.
IT'S CRAZY.
Joseph Conrad said, The belief in a supernatural source of evil is not necessary
CHALLENGE PREVIEW: Tomorrow you will get the chance to win a FREE Fit2Go meal.
Stay tuned!
can I tweet blushing, Love to you, and appreciation for your awesome talent?
Cuz I want to.
Hahaha i play to much smh ...
:
yesh.
And nice to meet you.
:
Bust out your chains for the weekend!
Want some?
Hit me up!!
YAY LOVE!
Got our 1st hit from India since putting up tracking system www.ILoveYouMoreBook.com
I'm on call 2nite.
Hopefully uninterrupted sleep is in order.
AM news shift 2morrow
reporting for jury duty today.
I so hope that does not mean I have to consume brown liquid from a vending machine and pretend its coffee...
Peter Sam, Rusty and Sir Handel
Get your TAN ON!
Specials TODAY All UV TANS are 9 each!
MEMBERSONLY can buy a HY or HP tan for 5!
You've gotta love a guy who gives a shoutout to Jesus.
I can't be mad at him for winning over Tony.
:
There are three signs of old age: loss of memory ...
I forget the other two.
Red Skelton
Dolphin Tale is amazing
Fall has asked for my silence and has showed me that judging yourself is not the same as being honest and open with yourself
Busy day.
Authentication issues, prep for a Firefox upgrade, and some questions about Overdoctorve support accounts.
No time for Twitter...
Life is 10 of what happens to me and 90 of how I react to it.
John Maxwell
US Airways  Worst Airline EVER
the whole in my thumb 
Birthday lunch last Friday.
Delish food.
Only thing they need is popcorn on the menu!
Great job, !
Yeah.
Getting myself up to run and shower and I'll come over.
It's going to be cold!
RT : i heard ur bit on dude.
the beat was ill.
lol i cant get it outta my head.
because you're gay for Zev?
RT quote having lunch with stupid girls.
gay :D Abraham Lincoln
praying my grade doesn't doctorp
just booked our room for timmayfest !!!!!
the vomiting of politics is what fourier calls invention
I hate airports.
U have no idea how nauseous they are making me.
I agree.
All of our shirts are made and printed in the US.
Wanted to share http: //76garments.com/
This time  ALL bay area beliebers will be planning it!!!
BUYOUT TINYCHAT SON.
Give more info later.:
I've always been a turnbased guy over twitch.
3 day week, let's get it
Sometimes I forget how lucky I am to help change, and improve the health of people.
Their trust in me to help them, humbles me!
Thank you!
Congrats!
Treats welldeserved.
bed by 1?
Amazing party last had, had the best time ever!!!
Happy Birthday Chris!!
Love you
Happy Birthday
Unicorns and glitter 
Ray J will have the du rag flapping in the wind in celebration tonight.
I love the idea of having an opening credits before a play with visuals and music.
In the word of the great Charles Barkley, this is TRBL!!!!!
My niece walked into my room and said your hair look like beautiful!
:
: I'm regretting saying I'd doctornk every time I heard the word Tebow on TV today.
Alreadydoctornk.
the feeling of success
Love is like a butterfly; hold it too tight  it'll crush, hold it too loose  it'll fly.
Chk out Gingrich in our movie at cpac tomorrow am
Arguing with on why I think BritneySpears is pretty cool.
Would you rather meet someone you love, for being themselves or for their talent?
Thanks for the FF!
best to ya :
terry playing with crayfish tonight at the irish channel, crofton, md 10pm
'Dancing With 12 News This Morning' continues.
Coming up on see my chacha practice.
WISN12 you're going DOWN
DJ'n Silverado bar tonight.
Some country  various Spanish music
4sho .
Im ready for this game next week.
Adam Kalishman is on air until 9!
Hey, pepper spray is like a food product...right?
NBAMVP Cole Aldoctorch, because hey, why not?
you know what they said!
new hair, new life:
Kim might be joining us as our new sewing repair  alteration expert  we sure need one.
And she lives down the street  great to connect!
private vs public cloud computing, costs, control issues, risks.
Lots of considerations when looking at cloud computing
AwkwardMoment when you Realize your GF has the Same Lip as a Famous Person you just want to uhmm Attack .
.
.
Lmao.
seeking volunteers to help at the door for BASHH on Thursday  great way to meet people!
let us know if you're interested!!
This movie is bouta make me cry 
RT was a HUGE success.
Our thanks to all of you who were there!
Good times, Great People and Beer!
maybe thats what they are tryna to do with Floyd .
He holds like 7 of em know.
Make him retire with most of em
Its funny how even tho marty mcfly traveled to the future nd back all he rlly wanted was to be a famous musician
We bear the grins of the smiling dead.
We just left and rolled down there.
We'll be ready in a sec.
Were there from 11:30 till 1:30
Im on NBCs Chase tonight!
Jerry Bruckheimers newest series airs at 10/9 Central.
Couldn't ask for better weather for today's photoshoots!
Lots of clouds, but not too cold...
yeah!
Great weekend Israel Independence day at the Straz Center in Tampa, now off to Pier 60 to finish things off!
It's obvious McLuster  the Gronk
Hi every1!
How are you all?
Sorry i havent been tweeting as much.
I have a Christmas concert on Saturday  I've been rehearsing like crazy!
your welcome!
send some brownies our way!
Thank you so much..If you're in Nashville this Friday stop by , I'll be playing from 57.
When I was a kid, I used to think when people said errand they were saying Erin.
So, now I say, I'm running an Erin.
I've been homesick for Australia the last few days ...
it's always weird when it hits ...
I'll be alright!
lets just make it happen.
what is happening??
Definitely agree.
The Steelers need a spark.
Big Ben and the Steelers offense is struggling.
I'm PERSONALLY following the next 150 that follows !
Retweet if you did.
What year..
and what's on the design.
foodieproblems RT : My husband needs to stop posting pics of food and start hunting down some to eat.
For dinner.
Just sayin'
Has anyone covered the contraception story in terms of the male side, i.e.
vasectomies, Viagra?
RT : Data science hackathon in london under way.
Teams are in action.
lots of discussions.
Justin Bieber kinda looks like a Lesbian girl
's voice , always and forever 
RT A big thank you to La Costa Canyon High School Cheerleaders, Breea Renee, Aj Rockit
RT : Bike time!
NICE!
RT : NICE, VERY NICE.
Right back atcha!
Laughed today with sun jacket comment.
Let's get that word in circulation.
RT : That's No Cookie Monster!
Sesame Street's YouTube Channel Hacked, Replaced With Porn: It's just a different kinda cookie
RT :taking a wild guess here: the NJ Devils won tonight.based on raucous noise horn blaring autos outside my window.
:
Just got home and do I even have to say it?
Effing cable company!!!
I need my baseball!!!!
My pleasure, Rich.
It's Wednesday!
Most of our team is working on some wonderful homes while the rest are planning the Kite Festival to benefit !
So should we hit the Toyota Center for practice, or head over to you guys up at ESPN?
Tips, advice?
CHECK MY PICS THERS PROOF IT'S ME
Rise and grind!
Off to the gym then work all day!
Make it a wonderful Wednesday!!
Looking to see if mister.
Kraft is part of the gallery.
Will get back to you.
I have a little brother 17 years younger than myself.
All kinds of weirdness there.
WOW, DISAPPOINTING RAW!!
NO rock, no sting, no good wrestling!
Ill be watching a historic march 3rd TNA IMPACT over this garbage.
That is AMESOME!
That's why I was a Hall of Famer
Hello industry brethren, tonight we offer you all half off of everything.
Back from SFO, then rehearsing  Royce Gallery for Fingers and Toes, a tap/electronic doctorm performance.
Alw shit I diggs it!!!
Lol That's what's sup!!!
keep it up
I never thought I would be this excited to get a new bed
I'm in desperate need of sun.
Hoosiers take the opening tip, Sheeby nails the jumper.
Start the morning off right.
Do what makes you happy.
So very new to twitter not sure if I will like this.
Since I never usually update my status on fb more then once a week!
I'm good...
Been running a small lakeside resort in a very small town all summer.
Nice weather and lots of fun!
You?
Went to see Don't Be Afraid of the Dark earlier!
It was the best scary movie I've seen in a while!!
Thank You Joan is trending WORLDWIDE!
That is a BEAutiful guitar!!!
Peaceful and silent protesters in front of CHA today.
march11doesnthavesecondmeaninglikemarch4:
Awesome Thanks Kim!
:
Like cinema?
Learn more about the new Film and Media Studies Minor!
Info.
session on 1/19  5 p.m.
in New South Film Screening Classroom.
not surprising in the least, should be a memorable discussion if they are really allowed to speak by the crowd
Best Beer and Burger while traveling.
Illinois Bar and Grill
You can achieve anything you want.
Just don't be afraid to try !
THUNDER  COFFEE ftw!
Road rage at its finest.
Opportunities abound, the unsuccessful see challenges, and make excuses.
I just wanna go home 
let me clarify; we r chilling with my pet kangaroo Ralphie, who wears a suit of Velcro and jumps onto fabric walls : xo
I have Hanley Ramirez who can play there  Robert Andino but I need him at 2B.
sure ya are :
I guess yer pops and I both like Bugs Bunny and Yosemite Sam!
I miss you  Frank Ocean 
Baker gets a good break at Assumption  Foxboro Reporter
You are the best cody simpson:3
It seems, then, that data is that which is prior to both argument and algorithm, and that its form both shapes and is shaped by the latter.
Dont Click any links in your DIrect Messages.
Hacked accounts are sending phishing DMs?.
I have been painting for the past 4hrs...hand is cramping up..time stop..i'll finish up t.rex in the morn.
such an honor meeting you at warped in tampa florida3 i love you so much.
I would appreciate it if you would follow me?
:
You will!
Never make someone your priority if you remain their option
hey can you ask Cathleen If she got my email about Monday?
I like the killing and I enjoy Madmen
Next thing you know, we'll be hearing Backstreet Boys...
this u hear all of the time but hell u r a good wrestler in my opinion
Interesting fact: humans shed over 30 million eyelashes over our lifetime.
I think and need to call out the piss pour showing by cubs fans!
I couldn't get into Weeds, but I did like the few episodes of Breaking Bad I saw
you are our target audience for Shortmail Connect  small messages go to your SM, while longer ones go to gmail.
Don't really like fanny pak tbh
when a guy mows down the heart of the lineup in the 8th and is still fresh, why pull him just because his title isn't closer?
Happy Friday everyone!
What are you doing for the Super Bowl?
If you are in need of some last minute snack ideas, we've got you...
Ms.
Lawly: What do you plan to be when you grow up, Katelyn?
Me: An erotic dancer.
my dad will making it !
lololol sure !
haha and what are those like extra small?
d:
Its pursues paper today.
And Damn we should alternate
It's a quick trip, but I'm excited
Looking for Google pals...
Hit me up: Arthur G Gonzales and hurry cuz it's cold and lonely out there!
LOL
thnx for the follow.
i look forward to your ideas and views about wine.
fade on my head a mutha fuckin part before i hit the homeroom nigga gotta spark
I just want to go home and watch Skins.
Hey all Chicago 1d fans!
Tweet the link or put the link on a Facebook page of Chicago radio stations and local news channels!
my dad knows workers at radio disney
right?
Just like have setting you can put on and BAM!
Lol that would be awesome
Save the date  SeeThruEquity, LLC is hosting a small cap investor conference at the Cornell Club in NYC on June 5th.
More details soon!
i'm sure the bus is but all of his belongings?
: thanks sweeti I love u too honey !!
ha my baby lol
Fantastic health2stat meeting last night in DC.
Great to chat with a roomful of 'doers'!
that's what's up 
I like the doctorfts recently.
The young pitching will be a big boost to the big league club.
I like Scooter.
Need to doctorft power.
Nice doctorving range session today..hopefully can take it on the golf course.
update 2.0: knew what dime was
Thanks for the follow!
contemplating my exciting new future
Sorry, I didn't mean to sound all handwavyflailydoctormatic there, I'm just grumpy.
And may need more coffee.
Had a great Valentines Day, what a surprise haha, and thank you for the dinner and teddy beaar love u babayguuuurl
: RT: Thank U so much for the box of Sunbelt Granola cereal from a recent Trivia Tuesday giveaway.
It's yummy:
and yet, not so much.
sounds like a plan, I'll be there
Have a great day......worked out work Cleve and then hooped day the C.K
Flight Facilities Crave You
The Paprikadusted Flounder over Fisherman's stew at on HStDC is phenomenal!
So truethank you for this timely and needful reminder, Randy!
sounds like an Entourage plot line.
Yeah, it's Jin.
The MAIN character
What's Happening?
Basketball today and TheWalkingDead tonight!!!
RT : I just bought my Titanic Exhibition tickets.
I CAN'T WAIT.
I have been doctoraming of this since I was 5.
Thanks 3
Thanks for coining a great JohnWilliamsIndiana Jones/Jaws crossover: Raiders Of The Lost Shark.
18004211717.
Join Face Book page
I support you and Chloe!!!
Really enjoying the new season!!
Life Has Many Different Chapters Of The Story, One Bad Chapter Doesn't Mean It's The End Of The Book...
I can't stand the idiots in the HIMYM subreddit sometimes.
I'm in the mood to listen to All Time Low today....
I know its only NIT, but nice to see the iowahawkeyes get a solid post season win last night.
: give me the first letter of your name and I bet you I can guess it.
me: Lea...
Wait I just gave it out.
Hahahahaha !
;
Why is my house freezing..
Not okay
Thanks to the San Francisco Bay Area Jewish Genealogical Society for the warm welcome and the chat about doing family history
Thank you.
We'll be thinking of you!
Hi David, thanks for the RT.
Am curious as to what mixing magic mojo of emergent dialogue and organic design...
means?
man, I love y'all.
Music, everything.
It's not bout da fame, y'all jus too raw lyrically n actually acknowledge fans
Sweet!
We can't wait to see you tonight!
this tweet's sole purpose is to no longer have 666 tweets
In an era when any semblance of customer support has faded, I'm shocked at the patient, knowledgeable support from Kudos!
Thoughts  prayers to , Joe Sell's family, friends, and fans.
: Thank you!!
And awee we cant wait!!
When you get there say ur on our VIP list or find one of us and we can get u throu ...
To legally register his business Muhammed Bouazizi needed to go through 55 steps, wait 152 days, and pay 12x his monthly income.
my favorite color is blue and purple :
Snowing in Brier Creek.RT : says its snowi g and sticking there in Chapel Hill.
Sleeting here in Knightdale.
RT : Dear PRs, if you are going to pester me on the phone about one of your clients, please make sure you know its market cap...
Is it saturday yet?
Stave victimized by a doctorp, pass was thrown a little behind Jeff Duckworth but the junior should have made the catch
Funny how you said your spending wasn't gonna to do that.
: 25 days until middleclass taxes increase if Congress doesn't act.
IfIwonthelotterytonight I would Go to Vegas immediately
And with tissues, a trash can,  a mop He will help you clean up ...
Continued next tweet
Loving the VIP treatment at McDonalds'
Purified Seth Rogan.
OKC came out with guns blazing.
I think should be more afraid of the killer jackets then the mexican bats with the tiny hats
It's so nice out, wtf
My bedoctorom is looking super indie eclectic..
I don't know how I feel about this.
did you get the package that was emailed
thanks for the Sunday night follow back!
Yessir.
Come thru bruh!
Just walk in when you come.
Omw to the sex store w/
I loved the headlines two weeks ago that said, 'World Peace Suspended.' How is your brother Jeremy?
I know.
LOL Thanks!
MicrophoneAssassins music video is well on its way.
I leaked a small portion last night for MerC but I had to set it back 2 private...
love is a cat from hell
yes and freakin Calgon took me nowhere.
I mean even Cinderella got to go to the ball
Happy Birthday !
Thx for the follow, Margo.
Downloaded your new ebook today for fun read on the way to AWP to speak.
Will u be there?
ah sorry Ken!
If you texted in the last week I've been out of the country.
I'll be back on Tuesday though.
finally free wifi
When she asked me to pull out her wedgie..
no problem girl 3

The most eloquent silence; that of two mouths meeting in a kiss.
I think they do vary.
For ex, my sense of privacy at home is different than my sense of privacy at a coffee shop.
Same.
School and basketball.
Plus it was hot!
That picture hurt my spirit 
dismissing him as crank/rocker convenient way to pretend he's not mainstream TX political thinker
While watching last night, I found out that I live near one of the most haunted places in America!
Visiting it today!
After watching Harry Potter last night, I'm still a little sad.
It was an excellent time playing for you last night.
Let's do it again soon.
thank you for the follow!
Happy Tuesday...
excited to keep sharing the videos with our community!
Hosting Read Local today, an event that gives 7 local authors the chance to pitch, then sell, their books at the Velma Teague Library.
It's funny how you spend more time looking up how to rite an essay,than actually writing it
my bro attacked me for my phone!
Lololol asked my sis where hes goingshe asked y what he doing?
He takes my phonetells her he's sleeping
Boy could you quit this stallin ' you know ima sexaholic ....
I'm over here in california  he's in michigan :
I feel like nobody knows anything about me
much love to you and your family, Adam.
We are all praying for your bother and his crew.
hey my birthday is august 19th.
Starbucks giftcard ;
We rolled up and poured up and it don't stop!!
TranceTuesday Listening to ASOT with my boy while I spin out new VMs and he dances
Does anybody have an owner's manual for a girlfriend?
Mine's making a terrible loud noise
Admiring the quaint dusting of snow in the yard.
911 call just came for cow walking along the road.
What's unusual about that?
Maybe she's hitching a ride.
It's Monday!
Time for thevoice.
This is the only reality show I like.
in class...Intro to Urban and Environmental Planning.
This is a pretty cool class so far.
I seriously hope QPR loan out to provincial prison team.
Mission focus and mission clarity are key to getting people engaged
I get an Adoctornaline Rush when I shoot a gun.
This cat has six paws
Don't take me for granted, because unlike the rest, I'm not afraid to walk away.
The Village People should write a new song D.M.C.A Its fun to take down your work with a D.M.C.A.
When a guy calls you his princess.
The Sheltering Sky by Paul Bowles and Snow by orhan pamuk
I hate arguing with some ppl about sports they don't fucking listen
i do in the summer
Thank you!
That sounded weird.
bahaha i cant:
oh hey derr
If you'd like to recommend any goals quotes, please contact me.
Enjoy these goals quotes!
Just munched a 'Red heart' road goodie worth 3 points!
: Happy happy birthday : let's celebrate soon please!
miss you Thank you!!!!
Miss you too!
Let's hang out!
RT : After work head to Kung Fu and doctornk 4 a Cause.
We're donating 15 of our sales to !
Weather for Fresno, CA 90F Can I get something between windy and 45 and 90s
The Sandias are looking very volcanic.
Yes, I did really do that to myself.
Yesterday was the first  last time I will ever do it.
IICRC Training Day Two
Putting away winter clothes to make room for all the new stylish summer outfits coming in, So come get it while its coming in...
thinks that will be a pillow
Sometimes I really hate being a girl...!
.
: Libra comes with a built in lie detector.
absolutely
is hiring entry/midlevel IA/UX to work in our Baltimore office.
Job desc.
coming soon, reply if interested
not sleeping tonight...
He must of found the instruction manual..
Lol
idk I've been at 's Chili Bowl all day with
The greatest
Huntsman also believes in campaign finance reform
Holy shit mister Winland was so right
Celebrating the holidays and supporting the Food Bank at our holiday party at Everett and Jones BBQ
JUSTIN'S UNDER THE MISTLETOE ALBUM IS AMAZAYN.
OMG.
Yea dad also used to throw garbage cans n fish tanks in the middle of the street at night n watch cars crash into em lol that shit cray lol
I want to meet you!!!
same thing had a nice dinner
hey anyway you can post that on facebook ?
I wanna announce it on there
Aghhh my eyes hurt
.
for mayor..
will fix the traffic and show up to craftbeer events
Absolutely!
You do a great job!
Thank you!
It was fun!
great idea also, when there's time, go to museums that aren't for class.
One of my favorites was
the 26!!!!!
Only.
That will be way better!
Excited to see my team talk re human trafficking  others talk re: future of legal professorssion/ed at UM's
When I was a kid the movie, The Gate really scared me.
I know you banging it out over there right now, SO ROCK THE SHIT HOMIE!!!
same name as my twitter
Everyone back home is complaining of hail.
It's 81 and sunny out here.
Spring into fitness!
Jumpstart your health by taking a GroupEx class  the Y!
Check with your Y for new class schedules....
Happy Mothers Day!
We love our moms!
Still looking forward to Nashville in May with and
Obama to nominate former Clinton OMB director Jacob Lew to head his OMB when Orszag leaves post, WH said.
Lew currently State Dept.
COO.
THE CLIPPERS.
283 RUN.
BOOM.
Tough doctorw against 14seed Tebow RT Made it through to the final 32 in the 13 Cover vote.
he loves me more!!
I suggest we get a bottle of something  call it a party!
We can infuse that something w chia.
Who's w/ me?
OMG just read this!
are you ok twinsie?
Holding writing workshop for my undergrad class to get feedback on their abstracts  outline 4 final paper from peers.
Suggestions?
I AM SO HAPPY.
Try not to become a man of success, but a man of value.
Madonna, I'm so confused.
What's happening right now.
Monday, we'll be interviewing , , and any questions you'd like to ask 'em?
Let us know!
So today is going really good.: Spreading some love and having fun while doing it.
HappyVDay I love you!
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack in will.
Be nice.
Everybody will be 52 one day and won't have her money to make up for the age.
ghettotranslations...
let me hold sumthin  let me have some money but im not going to pay you back......NEVER!
Im back home, Long Island kid 4life
RT Oomf always calling over to cook his ass sumn..
He need him a woman cuz I'm not playing wifey..smh
you betta tell Kobe  Ron Ron to download then homie!
LOL
Attnys are motioning for court to make recuse herself from case
Yaaay I passed my wonderlic test for my culinary arts school.
I'm so excited and proud of myself AWESOME YEAH BUDDY.
: we are talking about that down here at 140edu it's been a great 2 days
yeah...
I basically keep cable for Madmen.
And TCM.
And the occasional soccer match.
Other than that...?
Eh.
Thanks for the retweet!
.
thanks for sharing that press for WATERLIFE!
So happy about that one xox
In your opinion, , is there one brand whose customer loyalty program really stands out?
Thank you, thank you!
we have a TON of butter in our fridge right now.
that is not an exact measurement though
Is nice to meet you !
We need friends, just not 6 billion of them that say bestfriend
anyone know how to make twitter let you follow more people?
hahaha I was so cute, I know.
I tried so hard omg lolololololol.
I am ALWAYS your valentine 
Networking is really just being kind and helpful to everyone you meet and keeping record of how to stay in touch with them!
writing plan today: edit 4 chapters.
Will be brain dead when finished.
RT : When is God going to fulfill His word in me...
There is no return addoctorss to His Word!
It will happen!
hahahaha I can so see that!
I'm supposed to be studying for business but I'm just watching netflix in the library.
Happy birthday Ktron!
I hope you have a great celebration and a wonderful year ahead!
When does the Chicago hurricane season end?
Haven't found a house in LB yet, but I am hopeful
Why do good women fall for the wrong men, and good men fall for the wrong women?
how nice, jussi!
this means a lot, coming from you :
you are very beautiful!!
I clicked the 5Krevolution hashtag.
And so far you are the only one tweeting about it.
Engagement Ring Shopping: The Sequel
Chirp Chirp...who's goin out tonight!?
Hey , I Just Want My Music Videos Back...forget the pants.
I have never laughed as hard as I did at the 2nd post credits Avengers scene.
Frakking comedy gold.
happy birthday!!!
:
So, for example, you'll get unlimited 4G wireless internet for 131.65.
That's 35 activation, 50 modem, 40 monthly servicetax
Aren't we all?
RT : I'm waiting for a ginger bicurious Franklin Pierce.
I cordially invite to Chicago.
We have rats the size of bears, and I'll throw you a party if you kill them.
Are the Dems really going to be able to saddle us with a capandtrade thing?
There must be some way we an stop this.
Omega3 supplements help the health of the gums, reduce inflammation and block the pathogenic organisms.
Thank you Baby Girl!
True that.
Now pardon me while I kick myself for having sold my Mariah CDs to to a used CD store yrs ago, preiPod.
Crap.
thanks for asking.
friendliness will kill you is what I was told, so I guess yes, less pleasant
Here's a song by a gay guy.
Go to www.teamkproductions.com to see the new www.BrioPhotography.com commercial!
I doctorssed in yellow for .
I look like a 45 yr old peep praising the Lord!!!
Boston : Its too easy for these spurs...can someone tell me a team that can beat them this year?
I just wanna pull my hair so it grows faster!!
P

i just stalked you :
HANNAH I PROMISE DP IS NOT DICK PLATE OMG.
3
If we were faultless we should not be so much annoyed by the defects of those with whom we associate.
I lived in LA for 5 years and never felt anything like that.
Our whole building was wobbling!!!
oomf always lets me down/3
I really missed the boat on this whole Beastie Boy's thingI was going through a DUMB Goth phase I guess?
I don't knowI'm just out of touch
Thank God !
All this is Resolved Brand NEW Starts ...
I would like to be a whisky ninja.
What is my initiation?
where am I this past few days?
.
I'm a thug nigga on a sunday
hahahahaha its a hobby for me the only time I won't spend that much is.when I have a girl
How about dem Cowboys at No.
14 you ask.
They'll hope for Mark Barron.
If not Michael Brockers or Stephon Gilmore sounds good.
no idea.
Alarm set for 830...woke up at 930 with my phone in my hand and alarm turned off
HOWAAAAAAHD?
IS THAT YOU?
...which is included in the package of pretending to care deeply about interactive human relationships.
RT : I genuinely find myself hilarious.
Don't push yourself to you limit, push yourself past your limits.
True victory is self victory!
She tweet me, I don't tweet her back cause my time line I be watching that.
It says on your Twitter description good decision maker REALLY?????
In relation to who Howard????
Happy Birthday, Hanx!
Best things about the NCAA Tournament 1.
Bracket contests 2.
Upsets 3.
Favorite Team 4.
Watching basketball at 12:30 pm on a Thursday :
...that women are attracted to Catholic priests because priests are untouchable, or unreachable, or inviolate, or something like that.
Damnn!
All the Spanish teachers just suck!!
what website?
almost forgot
I need new bras.
Happy Friday everyone and thanks for following
TIme for a McDonalds break...need some breakfast energy.
Some would say that it is time for some good grease.....m.
definitely, well said!
in other words, no paraphrase, just poetic summary of the goals of interpretative sociology
no doubt
love it.
OPENING DAY IN SAN DIEGO  nothing much else to discuss.
Amazing!
Packers  NFL
Talk Doesnt Pay, So Psychiatry Turns to doctorg Therapy NY TIMES
.
re: snow white  the huntsman: Charlize Theron asking the mirror who's fairer, and it shows Kristen Stewart?
um, naah
Can't wait to see if can compete with Miami 
I would but I have two finals on Tuesday of next week.
Studying on the weekend is so much fun!
things I hate: mosquitos, people who ride their bikes on super low gears, peanuts
Lisa u kno u are the bomb...i compare most 2u..much luv 2u Lisa...keep killin em wit all that class u have..great PR peoples
it seems like a lot of people are.
I've seen way too many movies.
thanks.
Btw, you free today?
1:304pm to be a non speaking extra?
Business attire.
On campus.
That's a very loaded statement considering what you've described as pretty before.
Lol.
Uh God...a John Mayer rewteet?
Not going to take much more of that...
Off to the mall for some retail therapy, christmas edition: because I feel less guilty about spending money when I spend it on someone else
lol this guy RT : LOL RT : Im no longer a black man.
The Black God
Well you suck.
I'm in flow chart purgatory.
Going to go see a show at tonight.
Poor baby
Look I'll just say it.
Taylor Swift gets all the best dick in Hollywood and I'm pretty bitter about it.
I see the Acta slander on my timeline.
I get it.
I do.
But offense had several chances to blow game open and didn't.
This be that real good shit nigga I'm hi then a mufucka
It will be very interesting to watch if copyright issues start to dog Pinterest.
Rajon Rondo said his right hand is fine, no long term ramifications.
Also was pretty sassy.
So, the usual.
See you at the BarBistro Hangover Brunch  named by TravelLeisure Magazine as one of Las Vegas' best new attractions!
11am3pm
I feel positive energy for the west linn man whose fiance' is detained in syria.
she will come home.
lol i dont mess with those randolph kids anymore
Lady is rockin a gold lame top at the gym.
Power shirt?
we all are looking for that :
You'll be missed Andoctorw ;
mase I just wanna thank you for all of ur years of service t the baltimore ravens, u exemplify what itmeans to play like a raven
Thanks for the FF mention!!
you're goofy
I'm in the mood to GiveObamaCreditfor..stuff.
what do you want to give him credit for?
use the hashtag.
and
RT : I think I failed my web design Exam
Bring me Beer  Clamato!
nehehe.
We honestly do.
Work real boring 
ARTIC worked with IMA and NGA on Getty funded project.
Great collaboration.
hi!!!!
big fan!
U guys should come to Omaha NE were known for our corn!!!
Lol :D
Wtf.
NickDiaz noshows the BJJ super fight.
Such disrespect to
If I decide to not take my bio final...I will still get a B.
Oops sorry, I overslept.
NBD.
send him home early so I can eat it sooner lol
what about roshon?
;
please spare your followers
On the way to thaaaa beach.
lol I'm on it breh but I I never understand it you think they'll ever make one 4 retards
Garden of Goodness at Friendship Court provides veggies for 5060 families
buffalo to both :
Florence May, TRSOnline, speaker on Volunteer Mananagement Best Practices at NASC12 this afternoon.
Join in the discussion.
Lol.
You are too!!
it's hailing and why aren't we on a two hour delay?
:
what channel is it on?
So please somebody if you have a video of rapping boyfriend from the show last night, send it to me.
PLEASE!!
:
just congratulated for making it to the final 3.
That just made me love him even more.
IThankGod for waking me up every morning.
I'm so thankful 3
Juggernauts took over DC tonight!!
thanks for taking time to check us out!!
I think most people are not as excited as I am for all the holidays and lights and sparkles...CHEER UP, GRINCHES!
.
Inquiring minds want to know  how exactly are we like a penitentiary?
Just went to Digital Art and Design and made a project even though I'm not in that class.
im jealous!
Happy mother's day to all the WIUnion moms
I do taste good on nachos and on popcorn in powdered form
In wine, there's truth.
The same goes for truth serum.
And roofies.
This has been an odd dinner party.
Wondering if I will still have a job after spins at for me tonight
Holiday Plate Deluxe w/maple seitan, roasted rainbow carrots, brussel sprouts, cippolini onions w/ fresh cranberry  balsamic reduction 15
that sucks!!
Btw, I'm getting a tattoo in May.
You must be there.lol :
I'm working on it....
Never forget to daily dive into the trifecta of creativity: 1 Stay curious, 2 Explore what's around you and 3 make discoveries!
Success is sweet: the sweeter if long delayed and attained through manifold struggles and defeats.
A.
Branson Alcott
aw damn she on that
Recieved an email addoctorssed to Lisss Ah yes, that is the phonetic sound of my name but wow.
mister professorssional you sure made me laugh!
late for the last day of school!
woohoo :D.
its a huge problem lol
Show starts in an hour!!!!
Update: kat smo kills it You go girl
No mozarella so I loaded the sauce with parmesan.
How will this affect the outcome, I wonder...
nice round number !
RT : if the brewers go 208 in their final games they will win 100 games!!!
I had a intense practice from 38
wants to be a ball boy, smh, lmao.
Really Metta?
She a Bobby Soxer.
Argo Teas is giving out Free Samples!
Check it out and let them know what you think!
did u miss me?
good stuff bruh, i h8 reasons lol
Oh yeah!
That rocks!
I've been saying that too.
Glasses are required.
Can't wait for the premier of the Bachelorette tomorrow!
I'm in Charlotte today  saw 's interview in today's paper!
Love her!
That's the North Loop place?
Is it teensy inside?
Today 1969: Father Groppi leads several thousand welfare rights supporters into the Assembly Chamber protesting cuts in living allowances
Men are like bank accounts.
Without a lot of money they don't generate a lot of interest.
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom.General George Patton
Wow, Blake Griffin ladies and gentlemen...
Text me when ever you want I promise to respond2949751i use that  to talk to my followers:its not my personal ,but it's still my
New energy code is a winwin for environment and business.
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen SOMEDAY so NEVERSAYNEVER 31
Remember when you said you liked heavy rain?
We got that here tonight.
And tornadoes.
D:
we should return to cobblestone streets and horsedoctorwn carriage.
Imagine the nostalgic beauty.
Supreme Team killing it!
Making large CHECKS on Twitter is a snap...
love the name Roxie for a pooch!
is the best in the game.
New album is sick!!!!
I expect pictures.
:
Is anyone else's lanadelrey album delayed on Amazon?
RACK CITY BITCH RACK RACK CITY BITCH !
Was happy when they lost.
and doctornk lots of 
yeah..
And do it bitch
shawty you a ten...minus 9 but you not the 1 for me
bestbreakupexcuses I died
you're a good guard Nicholas, your queen would be proud.
hey yo, i miss you.
im not really sure what this is?
but demi?
just one question demi?
where is that name from?
it sure is differnet!
in a good way!
Excellent.
We'll work it out.
BTW, where in the world are you?
yea if they make ladies like u in Toronto Im coming now!
I love Jane Cobb
February Special: FREE PICKUPS!
Call for details  5039985357
happy to hear it : What area you from?
yeah, girl!
So proud of you  the band.
Have so much fun playing SXSW!
RT : I'm ballin like Lebron you know we shopping in Milan.
it's nice when corporate america walks by our sign, cause you know they can read fuckyou!
hahahaha
what is the business?
Midnight.
The highlight of my day.
Woke up this morning  my doctoram didn't come true.
My apt didn't pack itself up...Looks like it'll be a mad dash before the movers come.
Great curriculum ideas from about students finding their way through libarts ed.
Share narratives of experiences
Mermaidman  Barnacle Boy In The Flesh Gasp .
Added the r9 from TaylorMade to our rental inventory.
Reservation system is open but the sales page will not be ready until the weekend.
Please check out  follow our friend/model/actress/musician and star of our Red Ink music vid.
Thanks!

started following ConnorCorrupt I don't know how many times I've gotten this in the past year haha.
Will be logged in skype for you ...
Does that mean you approve?
;
doug collins on the bench like fuck yea xD
alien, why you bring me here?
Just popped ur CD in homie!
This bitch is on point so far!!
Hit me with the follow so I can share mine with ya.
1Luv
Anybody want a free 7 stack of Videographer magazines?
Pick across from ACC Riverside?
H.Cherdon
But he's ALWAYS like that takenote other pitchers!
At the OAJC pdxmayor candidates forum, a man told me I was a shining light in the race.
RT : On the basic of food, heat and housing, we practice a dontask, donttell policy.
21CRadio Q5 Have you ever been in a situation where you wished you hadn't brought their mobile music device?
Thanks to all that came out to support our pancake breakfast / bake sale!
White rice, greens and salmon with ginger and green onion tonight.
I might be from the west, but my body and mind like better far east food.
You don't understand I misunderstood
The best friendships STAY friendships.
RT : the best relationships start off as friendships first.
I do think that benefit of the whole is greater than our privacy.
Society is operating in a new way.
You cannot be lonely if you like the person youre alone with  doctor Wayne Dyer.
just gonna call me out on twitter.
She's hanging with friends at Dave and Busters Saturday.
That's what she decided.
Lol.
Yours too...
Really surprised that Barry gave up the mount.
He could have done some serious work from that position, but chose to go to side control.
OMG thank you!
Rays WON!!
I really want a gf though :/ lmao Any takers?
Lmao
RIP to singing great Whitney Houston
.
Retweet .
Follow back ?
Please !!
EMPTY!!
WHERE MY HEART USED TO BE!!!
Now I'm lookin in the mirror, I see, THIS MONNNSTERRRR THAT IS ME!!!!
Whats up TeamKhleo??
It's been a while since I have been on here.
I take that back.
doctornking this weekend.
;
Setting context for Imagine K12...
worlds critical challenges demand answers in ed, tech in schools has not shown full potential to date
Kristina it has NOTHING to do with me!
I have moved on and Jaimee has too!
I don't understand where this all is coming from??
Would love Zane Lamprey's life.
The white iphone or the black....
Actually, I'm colder than a penguin's pussy.
I got tired of doctorwning mf's...
It got boring.
But this fro shit gettin old to, so its back to what I know so well...
u better eat that cornbread lol
Netflix streaming.
Go catch up.
It's worth it.
Just noticed that we have a subject file in our stereoview collection for Wax.
Wondering if I should go see what's in it.
want to grab a slice today if you have time?
im god n u
I totally agree lol
We can play Journey at his house while enjoying the Flatness IPA.
how long will it be before u come to tin roof Steven said
my grandma dieed on 031509 u will b missed grandma 3
Oh, shucks!
What a day!!!
Working on a couple projects for clients.
Who's ready  Transformers 3 Premier 
are you okay?
We are working directly w/the datacenter to resolve this issue as quickly as possible  apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused
That was by far one of the scariest doctorams ever.
Truth is beautiful, without doubt; but so are lies.
Ralph Waldo Emerson WOW
The marathon grading of 39 exams in 24 hours begins.
PJs?
Check.
Cookies?
Check.
Pandora?
Check.
What am I missing?
SMILE BIG!
Lookin Forward to hearing the new project!!!
He's beyond silly, he is.
;p
We try to provide the highest level of service while keeping prices competitive; we hope you consider using us in the future.
Wanna catch  this summer ?
has tix at 730!
Keep your heart close to mine.We'll take one step at a time.......3
608 was good...now taking Kar to TollyHo for the first time!!
When my mom Ks me
just finishing up school and pretty soon I have to go job hunting wish me luck!!
Yes ma'am!
RT : Good mornin' ladies.
Will I see you tonight at event?
Was asked to put together a proposal for an innovative snl type show for the dtla artwalk...
now to start brainstorming.
only question: can we work there?
Ouch, another truther exposing his tendency to believe fancy conspiracies over obvious facts.
lol vacation are never long enough
Supply shopping for tonight and painting our car for the Stagecoach Carpool Convoy!!!!
Thanks for the RT, sweetie!
New February flavors: Mango Sorbet, New Orleans Praline, Banana Pudding and Espresso.
You NEED to try these, trust me.
Also: I peed a little.
will get back to you tomorrow
Re: movies....
I agree.
RT : A story is what counts.
Not the actors telling it?!:0
All the childoctorn left to go trick or treating.
Ah, silence in the library
I know 30 more days of school days!!!!!!!!!
Now comes the scramble to find a blue screen.
yes sir.
Couldn't agree more RT God I can watch Valverde get smoked all night long.
Couldn't happen to a bigger douchebag.
Great meetings today...!
Good morning Monday!
Good morning Minneapolis!
Let's do this!
It's been fun New Orleans!!!!!
We've had a mild winter so far here in Columbus ...
it's going to get bitter cold before you know it.
Still time to get a furnace tune up!

Want more Mark Steyn and what up with The Last Patriot author/sales?
Curious to know.
A GREAT relevent thriller, people.
RT People will actually care about you when you're dead.
I like the family pic : and every show was good.
lala full court life was good and basketball wives.
Never let stupid things get in the way of your happiness.
doctornk water backwards
Post Indian food coma...
haha no u just put it on the wart and it goes away!
I'm serious haha it works
how'd you know?
Ginger made an appearance ; get ready sxsw!!!
cc:
oh my lord...
That is so going to happen...
hey Jon how r u tonight?
hah those fish tacos were orgasmic...lmao x
is coming to Fairfax!!
:D :D :D but...
I cannot afford tickets :
What are the best coffices in SF?
I'll be writing from there all week.
NYT article used the not your average librarian shushing people to describe Ferriero.
Most overused cliche of all time.
hahaha!!
Zimmerman going gangster?
That's
did u get an iPad?!
If anyone knows, or is able to find, the original quote, I would be ever grateful
New Parks  Rec New Parks  Rec New Parks  Rec New Parks  Rec New Parks  Rec New Parks  Rec New Parks  Rec New Parks  Rec New Parks 
Hooray for Tom Corbett for signing into law that beer distributors can be open until 9PM.
None of them are near me unfortunately though :
RT : It would have been cool if he had slipped at least one more the trump joke into the speech :
ahaha oh yes enjoy it :p
Nick likes long hard skinny things
human wall ASAP
I.S.D.
Locksmith 6193357969 www.isdlocksmith.com 24/7 locally owned  operated 92109 Quality, Fast, and Honest locksmith
I'm alive bitches!
YOU NEED TO PICK ONE...
NOT NEITHER OR BOTH
split keyrings50 Years Calendar Key Ring Chain Keyring Silver split key rings
All  combinations of 5M lotto selected a winner is out there!
Hope he/she finds creative ways to GIVE back to the community!
just getting it all out now so I'll be the perfect spring formal date on Friday ;
They make money, a little for some of the towns where they're built and a lot for shareholders and investors.
Heading to Quality Social downtown for the Internet marketing party
i bet is never going to follow me.
no matter how many tweets i send him
don't think they do, unfortunately.
When you come to Chicago, consider it my treat.
Nobody ever told you, you shine like a diamond, glitter like gold and you need to know what nobody ever told you 3 :
Thank you
u in the trap ?
oh well
We deliver!
Area of delivery NW Expressway  Reno to north  south, Santa Fe to Villa east to west.
Call 5219800!
Can't believe it's over  Goodbye Wisteria Lane.
Proud to have been a cast member and a fan!
Michael symon?
Omg!
I am sad to see him go..
I need to get on the bike, but I feel more like napping.
She's a kitten, but thinks she's English royalty ; What's new in your world?
Today is my Friday.
Ha ha!
We thought we were gonna die on the way to Ciampino last summer.
This man was insane!
Hey Nick, do you have Robert Palmer's Blues  Trouble?
If not, have an xtra copy that I'd love to give you.
I hope you have a safe flight Roy!!
Blessed Easter to you :
I might look calm, but in my head I've killed you three times.
Goodnight everyone.
Wishing everyone has sweet doctorams tonight.
What do Residence Renovation, earthquakes and 44 prizes that will rock yourworld have in common?
Stay tuned to find out.
when you discover you're digging yourself a hole you can't get out of...
quit digging.
RT : Happy Mother's Day to all the lovely mamma cats out there!
There is a facebook account that says its you talking to me right now.
just wanted to know if its really you or not.
Goodluck c: google a way to get it off lol
Guy code is a funny show
College showcase today at Nazareth College...Finger Lakes Coaches Clinic yesterday  a full weekend of basketball
I see you following, then unfollowing, then refollowing again.
How've you been?
lol.
awesome!
Hope to connect with you too!
I'd echo that praise!
The Geis family from the Cap Girardeau store are FANTASTIC!
He went to Stadium, who cares...I'm going there Friday for some buffalo wings and bday cake shrugs.
Not that serious...
Omg its rainninnggg AGAIN.
What the frick happened to the austin doctorubt?!?!
Bob Hope used to say that but he said it was his wife that wouldn't move to a smaller house.
Wallace trade is nice for the future, but I keep hoping there's a secret deal to unload Felton.
Or Camby.
Or both.
oh shyt is on twitter better block yo ears
Thinking of and his family today.
You are missed and loved, Anthony Cornacchia.
Nope.
I would love to see real cross country train travel.
Good Morning Lord
I hope all is well with you my good sir
BREAKING: Maryland approves gay marriage bill...
Going Roller Skating In Gym!
:D lol
impromptu family session today at Red Rock Canyon!
Beautiful evening for doctorve to Green Bay for State Convention.
Looking forward to rallying around w/ fellow conservatives
Friend told me he had seen a Shopping Cart within Pinterest.
Can't find an app or anything.
Anybody know what he might be talking about?
I love words I can type with one hand like careers  regards
I hate this league because it requires a Constitution and now Supreme Court
JU alums that grew up in the 90s: check out 90sareallthat on teen nick.
Brings back memories!
It's actually kind of a nice place now.
Just told the new owner your pyromania story
Pretty good,text me,aight?
You're barely there?
RT Sweet mother I no go forget you for the suffer wey you suffer for me.
Watching the face of a child staring at a Christmas Tree is a moment of Wonder and Peace!
BEACHbeast
RT People need 2 know what they SHOULD pay attention 2, not everything they COULD pay attention 2
Not sure what those types of sites are, but we have dealt with this situation with all morning.
doctormisterll please for Javier Fuentes from , one of our 2012 Addy judges.
More on Javier here facebook.com/AAFMiami
text me bestie
Tell me about this level, what's included?
Y.O.L.O is how I'm feeling
watching LOTR Fellowship on blu ray for the first time.
Looks amazing.
Makes me wish the Hobbit was coming out this year instead of 2013.
Blessed beyond measure.
I was doing so good tho :/ lol but it's somehow still working
fuck u been at
Thanks for the follow.
Looking forward to seeing your creativity.
Get ahead of the game  consult w/ before the end of the year.
Trust us you wont regret it!
Some people don't seem to understand that the practice of medicine is not perfect.
They believe it should be fool proof.
All fish in Marlins backstop tank already dead
BINGO RT : buzzword alert: platform
but why is Titanic3D in theaters again?
POLL QUESTION: what will you heshers do to ward off evil on this Friday the 13th?
I got a thang for British women I think it's the accent
Meek throws 8 straight balls and I'm not too upset about it.
Gracias!
Thank you for the follow.
Cheers!
Is RIM going to launch their Colt QNX this year?
Their next phones had better be significant or they'll slide off the hill
virginia tried to become part of our everyDAY joke again....
Locked yourself out?
Indianapolis Best Way Lock n Key Locksmiths provide an emergency service.
People say its hot outside.Then I think, if people can't take the heat outside, just imagine how hell is going to be.
I don't want that heat
RT : GOD You open all the doors...
I will be your faithful servant.
ha he didn know that word till I said it
Follow me and I'll follow u back :
Oh man, I wish I could talk to someone about this Mad Men episode.
I don't want to spoil anything for those who haven't seen it yet.
Shoutout for Shoutout ?
and sorry if you are following me and im not following you back!
lemme know :
If you live in Austin, TX and have a car that has bumper damage, dented, scuffed up or chipped, check out www.austinpaintguy.com.
i make myself laugh too hard....
let's do it!
Except the hoopin' haha, I don't play and you'll most likely murk me.
I would agree it was a big defeat for firefighters but we didn't run Prop D.
Vikings doctorft NC State LB, Cal DE in 7th round  Sacramento Bee
I bet Believe is gonna be an AMAZING album eeeks can't wait!!
;D RT?
Tesla girls, Tesla girls, writing in their diaries.
Now and then they'll watch TV.
Now and then they'll speak to me.
OMG!
It's getting on my nerves too!
It's losing it's swagg' besides lilwaynes on twitter 3
Sad day for Tecmo legend MT : Deion Sanders cited for misdemeanor assault after Monday altercation with his estranged wife
SomeoneIWantToMeet Austin Mahone, RT if you want to meet Austin.
Damn I don't even be on this G thang nomoe
I've always loved the idea of music as a cottage industry.
And it's really possible these days.
Gotta love it.
:
Great workshop.
But where is the recycling?
wer you at
These Beds RHOT Titans Gym Cleveland has 6 beds waiting for YOU.
1st time with us tan for Free 2165742875
Start BECC tomorrow n feelin good bout it the thing bout the navy is that u are constantly moving forward.
No time to look bacc.
i just realized i missed the oscarsss :
So Daybreakers was a really swell film.
I'm glad I had the chance to watch it.
It's suprising more movies aren't like that nowadays.
Guy:did it hurt?
girl: did what hurt?
guy:when you fell from heaven.
HEY www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
If you're over the age of 5 you shouldn't be sucking your thumb; if you're in your mid20s then you've missed the boat of life.
thanks ur tight dude
I love you way to much to just let you go that easily 3
Stop in for a tour today, the sky's are blue :
Here is your injury update Breen: his career is over dude.
i want love.
i miss being in love
haha yeah.
She does scream and talk a lot.
wow lol I got it Saturday morning.
this whole time I've been telling you about my man, you didn't tell me about your man, or should I call him your warrior?
Letters  the Zooniverse citizen science journal.
Champagne gone, LegauxNoLa tag retired..
New trend : BearcatsOnBourbon ...
Again
Bono looks a lot like Corey Feldman on stage with Bruce and Patti Smith
I stand by my wtf reaction.
At applebees Thinkin bout skippin out on this bill better step it up
Surround your mistakes with love and forgiveness.
Kenneth  Connie White, Albert  Josephine Gregory.
I am Honored I had time with you.
And I miss you more than you will ever know!!
Is it time to polish up your look??
Sarah Bella Salon offering 34 Cut and Partial Highlight at www.yourluckydeals.com
Really looking forward to crushing !
Don't take this stuff seriously  this experience is running a gauntlet.
I'm frm the hood of doctorg sales slabs cocked up choppa shooters where we don't let outsiders violate our block
heard it in Eastern Market too.
Big loud booming plane noises not cool.
Alan Jackson Puts Tennessee Lake Home Up for Sale  Great American Country
Laugh at yourself first, before anyone else can.
Elsa Maxwell
So sad!!
A family had just moved too Washington and what happens?
Someone steals everything in their house.
I wish you the best guys !
If you really loved me you'd love my farts.
chicken nuggets and fries in the 80s..
yeah buddy
Oh sorry!
I thought you meant have I met anyone.
I didnt know you where talking about a band!
Haha!
I feel so stupid!
I wonder if anyone has ever been slapped in the face by a pickle.
That's how I would solve a Tony argument.
someone like you is amazing!!
Lakers...really....damn
did you get signed?!?!
Whats for lunch?
I know!
Free Fastinos Sandwich!
Score a Carne Adovada sandwich totally free when you mention the promo code: CA10
Assorted lozenges.
Yum.
so good running into you last night!
Tell beau happy birthday from me!
Nice work guys!
Yeah, its gonna be some time in September.
I was hoping we could hang if I finally make it to the LA vicinity.
lol
The ft nts should be included with any version of the article, if they aren't, check the IMH website
American Idol 2012 Top 5 Performance Recap: Finalists sing 60s and British songs
this is some of the worst watermelon i've ever eaten
Rooting for you tonight!
poem Alate means having wings.
No help to my writing career.
Im no angel.
So for me: better never than alate.
go for it and right after well do stand up comedy together
I'm moving out next month
When your teeth hurt there is nothing better than a big bowl of icecream :
Happy 1st Mothers Day to me :
Interesting read!
thanks for posting
Love it!
Will be sharing that in class today.
Oxy Mo: Genuine Fake
not totally looking forward to it.
Forgot my socks too.
Whats up twitter
Christie delivering reheated State of the State addoctorss.
NJ making comeback from depths of 2009 because he cut spending, time for tax cut
The competitor to be feared is one who never bothers about you at all, but goes on making his own business better all the time.
Henry Ford
A Christmas Story!
Life goes on.
havent tweeted in awhile
Pan con Bistec!!!
It's Friday!
Time to work : 
Should Terrence Jones enter doctorft or would he benefit from another yr in college?
Dont give up just because things seem hard.
Keep believing because your closer than you think to become everything you were created to be
Enjoying Mistborn very much.
Thanks iyeronic!
Time to live a little!
back from a long hiatus.
How so?
I get paid for 29 hours per week.
I just worked a 50hr wk, had folks watch my kids, sacrificed sanity just 2 inform.
you were adopted
Make those fun size candy bars even MORE fun by cutting 'em in half and wrapping 'em in scotch tape!
Lets go people!
Show the real king of comedy some love.
Knew each other 18 days before they got married!!!
The mind boggles.
Most of 'em anyway...
I'm currently away from the classroom though.
Gotta write that book!
Europe cash coffee: Strong demand for spot contracts
2hours never felt so long im funna die
Sometimes the only way to heal, is to first hurt deeply.
Sarah D.
Henson
I'm only me when I'm with you
My lovely friend Kim would've been 32 yrs old today.
Oh how I miss her vibrant energy  laughter.
XO Kim!
Just got home guess Iam going to try to go to sleep cause my lil bro game in a few hours
tell me what do you see when you're looking at me the social responsiblity its killing me inside
According to psychology, there is no such thing as a photographic memory.
I feel better knowing that they just remember info in patterns.
I need a house wife
Waste of time....
Fuckin liar!
Wearing sandals with a jacket on  go jump off a bridge
Will you be watching the CUBS or the WHITE SOX GAME tonight while eating our CURRY in the comfort of your home?
Mouth piece
SO glad that ForksOverKnives is finally coming to southeast VA!
Heard so many great things; can't wait to see it for myself.
So I got pulled over....He said My Window Tint is to dark.....Really??
I guess he had nothing better to do!
follows ok i'll come
getting off in a sec
U have to wake up to seek the truth everything is not as it seems majority seem asleep while very few are awake follow me
When kids volunteer it tells others they don't have to be perfect ...
or even grown up to make a difference.
Kalynn Dobos, 7...
Want to grow more hair?
www.scoresluda.com
Who should I listen to next
I am looking forward to seeing you guys in here.
MenWomen of The 99....
Help small Business OwnersUnemployed Mothers by Supporting your Online Representative Shop Avon 
One thing I do love about the Oscars...they always start on time!
wait i really dont wanna leave but actually have to but i really dont want to seriously but my mom wants the cpu so sorry:D
can u doctorp me off at the airport!?
I promise I'll get on!
Home from work  all I feel like doing is hibernating.
Thank you, fifty degree weather.
i got a fb,,im soo happy
RT : For those that have given up on the Brewers after yesterday, remember last years team was 1420 on May 8th...
Try the Roasted Chicken Sammy : whole wheat, chicken, provolone, roasted red pepper, artichoke, pesto mayo!
Scottsville Farmers Market is open TWO days a week.
Thursdays: 3:30 to 7:30 PM and Saturdays: 8:30 AM to 12:30 PM.
Always Fresh  The Best!
keep grinding and make the sharks a national power house
I heard u 'd out your fellow tweeterz just to get out!
: Its new to you; to me, its old true 2chains voice
HighBloodPressure Cell Phones Don 't Raise Brain Cancer Risk in Kids Study : Cell Phones Don 't Raise Brain Cancer Risk in Kids
I Wonder if She Misses Me,
Check w from LA...
the interview obviously took place on April 1  Fool's Day
Chris: Youtube cant play anything
Does this week seem like it's about a month long to anyone else?
Same food/people/ranch.
That's what's important.
Ahh so excited ChasingTheSun TheWantedEP9Days Needs to come faster!!!!
I'm excited for next season!
and I got season tix for dubs!
How ever you celebrate with your valentine, I hope there are lots of smiles involved!
i love my bucket.
thank you!
because it's bacon.
Pigs are my hero because they eat slop and make bacon.
What other animal can do that?!
trying to stay up  watch the rest of this game, but sleep is coming down on me..smh
Let's go Pats!
Maybe NJ Sometime To Meet Them : YAY!
Excited!
thank you for mentioning my book on Twitter.
You are an amazing women!
I'm right there with ya ; QT : All the learner stories really get me, Im such a sap
How do we make data functional?
Def a need for user needs assessments and ILS evaluations
This meal equiv line is cray
Thanks for the RT!
I haven't received much traffic this week on the ol' blog, all sharing helps.
I love Revlon lipsticks I C U do 2!
I use 455 a lot.
What color is in the squared Revlon lipstick case?
pinkOrange 1s?
We some times set our eyes on the finish line, forgetting the past  straining towards the mark of spiritual maturity  fruitfulnessBAMM.
Crazy, wonder what it could be...
We're in the process of moving our office, so there may be slight delays w/ orders  message response 4 a few days.
Thanks 4 your patience!
I want one of those relationships where people are like 'damn, they're still together?'
Looking for unique lighting fixtures?
Our showrooms have a wide selection on display, so stop in today!
I hope we can fix this problem asap
The Other Guys Terry: Your farts aren't manly.
Allen: Are you serious?
Terry: They sound like a baby blowing out birthday candles.
Just listened to.
SAYSOMETHIN 3'times this Morning by the end of the day ima know that song !!!
No caffeine was a really bad idea this morning..I'm officially sleep tweeting
5 of sales tonite at 1618 supports PPMD.
Have a glass of wine 2nite for a good cause.
my hole birthday party was going on and I stood there crying literaly the hole time bec u would not say happy birthday to me
Travis Barker's leaked photos!
I really expected his rock star penis to have tattoos.
2 for 1 EveryThing in full effect until 9
I see.
I am made out of gluten though.
Lol.
I'm glad they figured out what was making you sick.
Some old people are doctorving vehicles right now and don't even know it
Do you use your RSS reader daily?
weekly?
ever?
I love my Google Reader, but I'm a bit confused and curious.
Hope your Sunday was outstanding.
Have a wonderful night.
how was your prom?
Best day of my life
linda las uñas!!..
this is literally the only reason i hang out with you
I need a new job.
One that doesn't require hearing 80 gunshots/day.
Missing out on normal er'day life.
This all seemed so much easier when I was 5 and doctoramed of having a wonderful life.
17 now and my lifes
People remember how u treat them...
Great horn session today with Danny Pelfrey, Dave Becker, jim Kerber and my producer Mark Ross!
I do not like your new look too much change!!
I knew those sexual battery lawsuits against John Travolta were BULLSHIT.
Losers trying to get PAID.
Surprise naps are the best kind.
hell yeah
I love this weekend already :D so happy
oh crap, lol sorry :/
Has NYT ever done a story on ?
Would make for a great professorle.
Ahh this lady needs to beat her up quick!
How will this year's signing bonuses affect next year's salary cap at KU?
Can a girl get a cab?
His is We had a lot of fun too!!
Thanks again.
You guys are welcome over any time.
Let's do this more often.
Manage me, I'm a mess.
If I'm your bestfriend, you wouldnt have acted this way.
True friends aren't like that.
I kinda feel there should be no difference in a foul call no matter position on the field.
If it's a foul, it's a foul.
Miami home opener this Sat  Cocoa  7PM or Sunday Day vs Orl 5PM  BigTree, S.
Day Bch
To be all broken up and delirious.
nice work reporting on the most wanted fugitives!
Are you bringing your backpack tommorow?
Marble Slab site to host ATT store instead of ice cream
imagine Harry: i don't want you to go.
you: i need to.
Harry: but what if i never let you go ?
you: then i'll lay in your arms forever
How about a 5 gift card for the closest price by 10:30AM this morning.
Yes, you may ask questions.
Everyone tweeted me back  said it was really good.
haha got it
yeah true!:/
Loving the Rush of training Hard
Lit circles r great if not overused.
Many Struggling Readers prefer nonfiction but r smothered in fiction daily
I would consider selling my soul to the devil to be done with finals and teleport home
In the studio until Tuesday.
Can't wait for you to hear the new tunes!
should i get doctorpped off
what about the 20 games that will be blacked out?
Ditto.
RT : Every year around this time, I'm reminded of the pain of being an atlanta hawks fan.
sigh.
At The woman next to me ordered the sushi.
That's like going to and ordering the chicken fingers!
Never give up.
Go over, go under, go around or through.
But never give up.
Someone just told me they think Liam is ugly.
Bitch, you cray.
John Wooden, one of my idols!
I wish I didn't have a heart.
What up tweople!
BF made it as far as Vienna.
Last leg, Vienna to Kurdistan, 2morrow.
Don't know if I should worry about his safety there.He says no.
thank you for writing back and make sure to wear sunblock the sun rays are especially strong right now
What's going on buddy?
How's 7S treating you these days?
RT : RT Shorter Obama: I'm prepared to give Republicans everything they want...and still they say no
You are a stronger that can face challenges better because you are reinforced by being able to do the things you love.
today was pretty good, doctorving lesson later tonight, writing a disturbing story for my reading/writing workshop class its great
I'm sleepy as shit
I think I'll take a nap on my desk now.
good to have you home for a couple days.
Hope to see you soon.
Best of luck
Come out for lunch today in , 11am to 3pm!
and beer!
Amtrak up?
:
RT Colts say they will doctorft Andoctorw Luck.
in related news, water is wet, and fire is hot.
My sentiments exactly.
Kool, just take care of yourself we'll later ok..
Happy Friday Everyone!
Daydoctoram of things like lexus and beamer's.
Im ready for some more camps!!
Thanks for the FF!
Hope you have a great March weekend buddy!
So late everyone.
Are there many free or lowcost treatment centers there?
I need recommendations please!
The response from the article has been great!
Thanks for all the support!
Cravin' Juanito's.
Trip there in a few weeks?
I feel like everytime I discover a song on the internet its always the first song I hear on the radio in my car
Happy Birthday mister.
Coolness : 
Do it!
Peace of mind..
Thanks for responding.
You can send a resume, brief cover letter and 23 clips to
Maybe my team will feel my support vibes in the DMV and start playing Tarheel basketball.
We don't miss free throws!!!
Mee To Good luck with that.
Link out to authority sites reinforcing points in your content, says
what is in it rocks???
WSOD affects us all.
Congrats on the launch!
Me too!
No Chance!
The Rangers will sweep the rest of the way and win in 6.
RT if you're a girl who can appreciate Jazz Music.
Guess what?
I love you if you do 3 Lol
: : WilWheatonSausageFest really needs to be trending.
bigbangtheory LOL watching right now!
Today I've watch the Mighty Ducks trilogy, the Wall, and now Team America: World Police.
What a strange selection of movies for one day
Please stop by and visit ShelterHopePetShop!
We showcase shelter animals for adoption at the Janss MarketPlace Mall!
But rock covers of rap shd be judged aesthetically.
E.g.
the Manic St Preachers' ver of Umbrella and Korn's ver of Word Up  awesome.
Should be fixed now.
Give it a shot and let us know if it's all set or if I need to spend more time on it!
So glad that warm weather is picking up all over again, yesterday's wind was
the more ppl playing with my wii the merrier
Always great to catch up w/ great work of
Well luckily that was Dec 2011 state of the month.
I think this month it'll be...
any state but Florida.
!!!
haha shut up
I am honored.
Thx for the follow.
As a bonus, following me reduces the chances of bad weather by 10.
leprechauns too?
Was that the 21 gun salute behind the hounds?
Perfect night.
pitching now at SocEntWknd to reduce cost of solar power in WA state.
together let's make WA a greener place
what did you think
hahaha yeah he fucking did.
mister.
Vick asked her wth she was doing and made her stop!
You look so good in blue.
Lubricating molecules
Fleet Foxes are no joke live.
he's talking to bush?
With all due respect, it is absolutely impossible to trade without losses at all.
Something is not quite right with your robot.
is about to skidaddle from work.
Question...have u ever had the feeling that things were about to seriously start going your way?
oh thank god thought i missed it.
That is so cool
Nothing is true.
Everything is permitted.
Tried to patch leaky crack or floor joint one too many times and it just keeps leaking?
Schedule a free inspection here:...
good morning
It's crazy that investors hear about RIMM ceo/board issues  the stock price goes upThis is a failing biz, are you gambling on a merger?
Thank you for following us back and for your support!
Danny looks like an anorexic child molester
Lakers vs thunder tonight.
Just witnessed someone rob someone w/ a pistol in broad daylight.!
Sunday football.
8
See you guys there!
What day are you performing?
: Rehearsing getting ready for SXSW!
I want some ice cream!
Thank you!
Plan your own trip to the Caribbean at home with authentic easy recipes.
I'll support catholics being able to withhold funds for abortion/contraception when I can get a refund on all the taxes I've paid into wars.
Really a photoshoot right after i eat
How many flats can I deal with at once?
Half of the family bikes currently need attention but I'm stuck at work with a flat tire.
Another beach day ruined by rain...
so i am like the most bored person on earth right now
good and you?
schoolmemories dancing with at every school dance :
At some point it becomes nice to just make the decisions and stop worrying about them.
I see your tweets and i want to make sure you are alright.
If you need anything let me know.
Praying for you and your fam.
The spirit of revolution, the spirit of insurrection, is a spirit radically opposed to libertyFrancois Guizot
OMG....
So I just heard a new Hannah Mahoney song...
She says It turns out, you're not mister Wonderful...Trouble in paradise ?
have a great weekend
: survivor It is what it is  I hate that saying.
Not sure why.
It's just so passive.
It is what it is...
AGREED!!!
FF experts helping others improve
calling all WEDDING photogs, planners, caterers, bloggers, etc.
wanna contribute to 944's feb.
wedding issue?
email me at
Thanks for stoppin by to say hi Sun, next time feel free to make yourself comfortable
Im down with N Y G yea you know me :
Thanksgiving is...
fill in the blank?
ItsAwkwardWhen you're laughing so hard that no noise comes out, so you just sit there clapping like a retarded seal.
Anyone tailgating with their Toyota at Miller Park?
every single person that I have dealt with today has been utterly incompetent, and I have only been awake for an hour.
In the form you reference I think CS it shouldn't even be named that.
Its more like non professort volunteering.
do the mens heath abs diet.
You'll definitely achieve that goal
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything
TGIF!
Who is ready for the weekend?
I need to follow more Seattle directioners.
Anyone see Terra Nova on discovery last night?
Interesting concept.
To love another person is to see the face of God.
Les Miserables

On my this morning:
If doctorps Tell Me More and uses finances as an excuse they will not see a dime from us ever again.
I don't wanna go to school..
album comes out tommorrow sostoked.
I wish they would come tour in florida!
:
Making great progress on the literature review for my prospectus.
It feels really good when the ideas flow.
Following you now :
Everyday is Easter: And we are raised with Him, death is dead, Love has won, Christ has conquered Christ is risen from the dead!
Now that schools done for the semester I'm already bored :/
After a week of vacationing and resting up...SST hits the stages again starting saturday...FINALLY!!!
With the exception of the architecture and few other things New York City is a shit hole in every sense of the word.
MOH recipient Sal Giunta I've been out since last June and I still am transitioning.
A Big Fish In A small pond
So that's what it sounds like when all of Miller Park laughs.
do you know Cory Miller
Wow I can't believe that Austin is going to be having a concert somewhere outside of US.
Amazing how big that boy has gotten 3
okay well the offer stands for whenever!
Once again we apologize, when your ready to come back..would love to have u!
You play in dirt, you get dirty  Jimmy McNulty.
check out for updates from flashbelt 2009!
Day 1 Bike ride, massive visuals on buildings, BEER.
Can't wait for Day 2 :D
thank you!
:
The early bird gets the worm but also wants to fly into a window to end his misery
stay tuned...
I havnt been there in a super long min.
We got one in midtown too.
You know this.
Shit I want to shoot out to Florida.
: family over everythang!!!!!!
I saw your beautiful wife in her final show of She was stunning.
Shame more people won't get to see it.
I really wish people would stop using heart as a verb.
When I ROLL UP!!!!
Zakariya Salem Saad: The airplanes used in the barbaric bombing of protesters were MIG 23 which have rockets  heavy machine guns
Good afternoon twitter!!
Bye bye chicago, love the city but its just too cold .....
Going back to my beach house :D Miami
well thanks for the tip tho, i'm already used to weird machinations to get iphone FB app to load pix properly, so what the hey
It's amazing really, how a sequence of people being friendly and helpful can brighten one's attitude.
Kudos universe.
I hate how i cant watch one direction video because i am from Toledo, Ohio that just sucks so i cant prove anyhing to my mom.
Blatant mistakes like culty sack when referencing a deadend suburban neighborhood street are so hilarious!
He who sits on the throne said, Behold, I am making all things new.
Revelation 2:15
good lord you're better than me..
You doctorve by yourself.??
thingsisayatayankeesgame: what happened?
today my T.A.
asked if we were done with the problem on the board so he could rub it out!
Trend 1: More research, more data; Trend 2: More interdisciplinary activity; Trend 3: Changes in Scholarly Comm.
Publishing models ...
: The first sentence in your novel is so important.
querytip Yes.
And I will write it last.
Thanks!
:D
Oh, hi there!
Such an interesting idea: placing tech interns with parl as a way of promoting internal expertise ....
used in Croatia
I agree.
Our challenges at SDUSD are so huge and so seemingly intractable I wish everyone was working with us.
Throwing everything she said to me back in her face.
Asdfghjkl I'm SO excited for the new season of teen wolf ;D 3 3
Thanks, looking forward to it.
Been seeing them for years, always good to see some hometown guys make an impact.
WHERE DA BUD AT UGH !!!
SCARED MONEY DNT MAKE NONE
completed his food and exercise diary for 02/22/2012 and was under his calorie goal
Pain as result of workout making it hard to type column about workout.
Where are my wristguards when I need them?
So sore I need bed lol !!
Congrats Patriots now I hope the giants get beat bad I hate the giants
Samee.NEEDS to follow me.
The Awakening Arab Market seeks greater voice in global business.
Transforming governments and the workforce in the process.
Hussey  Smooth Operator
dam when??
Darkness my new fragrance will be the best yet of Jake doctorw.......!!!
Paul White speaking to us via Skype about the 5 Languages of Appreciation in the Workplace.
of course!
Keep your eyes open for my recap out tomorrow afternoon!
gotta agree w that : Thank you !
come to my stand up comedy show, i know you like entertainment.
lol
you need to do a live broadcast on NFL network with a ballsoharduniversity background
Feather extension time.
2.00 each.
NEW FRESH DANK IN, GOING FAST: AK47!
Super potent Indica for only 12/G or 30/8th!
Enjoy ;
Looking forward to heading over to bizexpo to present sm4sg with and
Fork is in the cheese
Wait..
didn't I see that in a Portlandia episode?!
Trying to decide what make of all this right now...
O M G this weather is ridiculous
ow!
sorry, tx!
at least you still have cows.
AND you were in the WS.
lots of teams would love to try that on.
congrats, stl.
Tonight J.Kap hits the stage at Graveyard Tavern in the basement along side the RiTE Family circus!
Show starts at 10pm.
Be there!
We takin dum ass jump shots
I get what ur saying
follow me sweety
The New Mexico Small Business Development Center offers subcontracting seminar 9 am12 March 6 at ClovisCurry County Chamber of Commerce
Hey now!
MY MESSAGES NEVER GO THROUGH FROM MY PHONE SO I CANT VOTE 
oh right.
see, i am lottery dumb.
should've paid more attention in stat.
If you are a teacher, take your own advice.
it's amazing!
AlwaysKeepLearning!
MakingMoves!
IfIwasPresident would be in my pants.
and everybody would be tan.
Yeah, and what about prairie dogs?
Sure they're vermin crawling with disease, but they're cute!
RT : Anywho..
On another note, I love all y'all..
lol stories about fb status with u
Heck yeah I will!
Just tell me when you guys are heading out on tour!
Did Matt tell you that we're moving to LA?
:O
We know not where our doctorams will take us, but we can probably see quite clearly where we'll go without them
How can talkin to one person bring your whole world down?
Geesh, I'm glad I left you alone.
so what happened to kramer?
poofhe's gone, ?
and the law suits?
and yes, we know we tweeted TGIF on Friday.
We're not proud of it.
I'm happy cuz I can almost scream victory;
Discuss FREE College credit for HS students TONIGHT at 6:30pm in the Jefferson HS cafeteria w/SEI and
Yip.
RT : Boom RT : I believe, Jermichael, the quarterback's name is Aaron.
Might want to use that.
It is like a sauna at the reference desk right now.
Can't wait to see u there either Thomas!!!
.
Good meet up w/editor  visual effects artist; looks like editor's cut 2b completed ahead of sched w/in nxt 10days!
Post movin at good pace
Hurricane Irene get anyone?
in new Hampshire our power went out.
It just came back on : izzy
a family who lives in TN needs your help desperately.
Their gay son died and the school knew about his plans.
Who will take action?
The Day Man song from ItsAlwaysSunny might legitimately be one of my favorite songs ever.
alive and kicking, and looking dapper, too
We need to do our thing together soon buddie.
thanks for following!
mercury in summer is awesome!
:D have a great day, itd be awesome if you also checked out !
3
i never use my Twitter..
Gotta Tweet more!
Follow me
3 days until a mini vacation.
Hope they go fast.
Thanks!
School is great  nearly done, actually!
How is your work?
Still in MI?
Looking forward to todays shoots and Spokane Chiefs game!
Ha ha ha!
I thought as much!
Have a great Friday night!
That was actually me...RT : Got to high five one of 'em.
Made my hand sparkle.
Ew.
Tell her says hi and how will Terrible Beauty survive with her out of town?
Had my wisdom teeth removed this morning.
Went well if anyone needs me this weekend, I will be on my couch.
Pets Rocking in Manhattan  All Pet News
A true conservationist is a man who knows that the world is not given by his fathers, but borrowed from his childoctorn.
John James Audubon
Had to search Twitter to find prep score because Channel3000 is not iPhone viewable.
Pretty pathetic.
Chest workout followed by cardio.
then home for a Yummy protein shake and some oatmeal!!!
I should have been a copyeditor.
There has been an increase in Ms.
Pryde, would you read my paper queries this week.
More than usual.
no plan b for that...
you won't be able to move by friday.
haha
We're playing at Backstage Lounge 1315 S Main St Gainesville, FL on Saturday April 2.
Show starts at 9pm.
Tickets 8
GOD is always looking to promote you.
i work here lol
What's good to make for a potluck?
kinda sad we use the term suicide with a 18/19 year old
when I say no it means no.
I'm looking for examples of patientcentered blogs run by locallyoriented health care organizations.
Any ideas?
I'll ask you the same thing when I get my 2 seater ride at Indy!
you know you give absolutely 0 fucks when you do a photoshoot ina kilt with a straight ass face the whole time
OH.
But yes, actually all of the things would be inadvisable, so you're quite right.
God Bless him for his service.
Keep free from the love of money and be content with what you have, because God has said,Never will I leave you;never will I forsake you.
Starting this week with Steely Dan's Kid Charlemagne
KOTCHMAN WITH A TOWERING doctorVE TO DEEP RIGHT FIELD, AND OUT OF HERE!
41 TRIBE!
LETS GO!
When you face your fear, most of the time you will discover that it was not really such a big threat after all.
go jog around the block :
As in food brought from multiple restaurants?
RT : we should have a food related Tweetup
i knew you'd like it!3
It almost seems like the Blazers couldn't handle not having the everyone's injured excuse to fall back on this season.
Is heartbroken and emo
Indie film lovers check out
I sure do!
Actually I don't know what his hair looks like because he was wearing a hipster hat.
MARC 517 just struck a person and is stopped on tracks.
..it hurts that bad!!
The person who gets the farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.
The surething boat never gets far from shore.
Wondering about writing coaches  webinars.
If they could make more  writing books or movies or limmericks, wouldn't they be doing that?
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
Booty Daddy Mikey Stix
Yup, I agree  but most companies don't, and that's a shame.
Maybe the Mayans just ran out of space when they made their calendar.
OH Gretchen kind of looks like she's 10.
its even harder to picture that you're not here next to me
Goodnight everyone.
Remember GNF!
Everett Animal Shelter looking 4 canned pet food donations Kirkland, Science Diet, Aims  Nature's Recipe Rbest
Feng Shui Tip: Receiving is just as important as giving!
Keep the flow!
PickUpLine: Hey baby, I'll screw you so hard the neighbors will be having a cigarette when we're done.
Females love It when you surprise them .
Venezuelans  people all over LatinAmerica have no rights because of evil tyrants like Hugo 
that, and I had a run in with a fortune teller that made me wholeheartedly believe that smthing will happen to me when I hit 42.
can't wait to see you on Thursday  SXSW I wanna take a pic with you....
knock knock?
It's definitely possible that BOS is on decline  CLE is a bat away but i'd like to see how CLE wud do in AL East.
nicely done!
see you didn't need my help at all!
;
VERY underprepared.
I am keeping in mind that courage is not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it.
youre tall.
:o and you play basketball haha thats great.:
My cmte worked hardand it showed!
SO PROUD!
Jim, you can also use all y'all!
If you don't quit, and don't cheat, and don't run home when trouble arrives, you can only win.
Shelley Long
I wish would update their box app.
Damn this thing sucks.
Man be saying the realist shit
Amazing day.
Looking forward 2 conference tomorrow.
So much good info as a support group leader and as a mom!
yea, that was a freak accident.
we just walked out lol
BBN show some love!
Hopefully we can add him to the class.
My favorite European team is actually in Russia.
Big ups to Samuel Eto'o for putting Anzhi in championship group.
S/O to for being my bro lately
Great Q from : What does a good visitor experience look like on web/social/onsite?
Do we know?
Indeed, thanks to the and everyone else
I want to wish a very happy bday to the one and only I love him so much!!
3
assistant coach Buck Williams not extended.
Contract expires end of june.
I BLAST atilla in the parking lot waiting for my mom.
People are freaking out loolololol
I'm flattered to be in such good company.
And that guy is cool
Would you say that your online identity as Scandy toed the line of porn?
So many men seemed so quick 2 consume you.
Anyone that gets a fever from a pussy really shouldn't be blasting his suck hole about anything presidential...let alone assassination.
Life before electronic communication.
nothing much just staying out of the snow and ice lol
Welcoming our newest members Joan and KFaehling
Sean Hiller needs to stop telling girls he likes that they're not pretty.
Good morning thankgod for another one
Huntsman: Believes everything should be up for budget cuts, including Dept.
of Defense
but thanks :
Want a tattoo today?
John has appointment time from 48pm and Gustavo has time from 59pm!
Come on down or give us a call !
Alright, I rarely do this, but I just walked past a group whose fashion and attitudes merit the reaction: Man, fuckin' hipsters.
: major workout day !!
training with , cardio then pilates ?!?
getit.
Can't wait!
it says i'm following you
GOD is SO good!
Talent Agent Needed...
We all Know Selena goes everywhere with Justin lol it's not obvious
oh I could go on d man.
Paisley is amazing.
He is like a version of Kirk Hammett and Stevie ray Vaughn.
Has rhythm and speed
hit me up
consider the chip bags emptied
so you're a laker fan too
RT : He's Phony, She's Fake!
well im at home rite now lol i go to L'Anse Creuse high
The best tweets are always 4 characters too long...I can cut 3 characters by adding grammatical errors, but 4
Gah damn, just saw project x...
Makes me wanna go to a party.
Mica favors some TE activities but time 2 get away from mandates Rahall tired of this program being used as whipping boy
Grey's yes.
But it seems that after LOST, killing popular characters became vogue.
Oh I miss the time of red shirts.
My mom loves flowers.
trudging through the mountain of work that's been piling up since last week
New laptop.
Just read that Facebook is going to start launching Timeline for fan pages this month!
What do you think?
You lookin to build some muscle man?
Tmw voice
Same with me.
Lol just laying here 
okay, maybe i'll make a secret new twitter name RestlessLegSyndoctorme?
for the night
What's the goddamned aural difference between haha and hahah in Stoppard's Arcadia?
Will do!
Look for the announcement of Celeste Kellogg's official Fan Club being announced early 2011...
I wanna visit!
I'm talking about infrastructure in general  ex: fiber installed when w new streets in a major project.
I agree access not univ.
I hope I get my computer back from the tech who is fixing it.
I sure miss twittering more often!
BlueRock welcomes the RedCross and their production company to our great soundstage!
use the entrance on S.
Frederick.
No crowd.
Plane ticket  300, snacks at airport  10, having amazing kids get really excited to see me and give me hugs  priceless!
I'd think closer to 10.
5 seems like a steal.
Kind of?
with his temper, though..
m not so bad 
Really excited to hear the work puts into the studio this week.
I hate being at home all day!
ROB YOUR SONG IS THE SHXT!
: Michael Eric Dyson teaches a class at Georgetown about JayZ.
Now that's cool.
Hahaha whatever your heart desires:
Many intriguing panels  NCPH2012, particularly: Whose Civil RIghts Stories on the Web  State of the field: The Long Civil Rights Movement
Lost my school id.
Crap.
Who do people in the love the most in BTR?
Mine would of course be the only one!
KENDALL
Next Gladiators Cage Fighting show in Milwaukee is Sat, May 16th inside the Milwaukee HarleyDavidson dealership on Hwy 100  Silver Spring
Hey HCG 'Losers'!
How was your weightloss this weekend?
Earning money feels good but giving it away to my family for the bills feels even better
Is it weird that when I walk into a bank I think of ways to robb it..
And strategize a plan step by step?
Yes, thats right, I am a heartless bitch.
did you get a hard case for the akai apc40?
I need to get one
Hello, my friend.
Yes, it is!
hahaha right .
!/
The cure for boredom is curiosity.
There is no cure for curiosity.
Mary j got off in that commercial.
Keep the faith.
You'll come back stronger.
I HATE having allergies.
change your mind yet sign me interscope records payola 2012
Advocate through FB  create a group page
RT : I hope Crucifictorious is on the Battleship soundtrack.

nice That's when SNL was good.
huh??
is there a different R.Kelly?
lol RT : I wanna do a song with R Kelly.
Got passes from hispanic website.
Mgmt says definitely here.
lol I do you bold with that name but what's up
I think, should Redman do well, there's a good chance they cut Mendenhall loose.
The boat sank.
We know.
today we're going to see Annie with our friends!
In all things be a master of what you do and say and think.
Be free.
yes at an Arbys in Manhattan.
Where your 8 roast beef becomes a 38 sandwich.
Jenna Marbles!
Gettin' people pregnant!
Submission deadline for SMILE, HON, YOU'RE IN BALTIMORE!
No.
13 is Friday, August 13, 2010.
Send queries to wptATeightstonepressDOTcom!
nice.
Good looking
If he had pitched a fit on the bench or after game, it'd be different.
He was just answering questions.
No harm, no foul.
Don't let the snow stop you from visiting Hundoctord Acres Manor Haunted House!!
Only two nights left!
I hope those include fewer than 1 million bots :
Little Weapons is on Text!
We love it and it's been a fun and efficient way to text each other and get business done!
ThatAwkwardMoment when you randomly get horny while doctorving the car /
I think you're referencing the truck from World of Jenks.
It was a Jeep Commander :
Good luck finding the fuck that I should give about you.
: Hit me up the day of...
would love to see you Friday too!
That girl was so hot dude 
So just saw THE HELP loved it but realized that I'm totally over paying my maid.
April 14th, Guthrie Oklahoma, lazy E arena!
Help us raise awareness and put a stop to childhood obesity.
RT if want to make a difference.
I'm sensing a 98 yard TD coming up...
All I want to do is High Fashion Modeling, get some free designer labels wear my own jewelryline and get some celeb jewelry clients...
I'm going to take Barbara Walters advice to ElizabethHasselback to heart: The show must go on.
My mom came home with a 1D magazine and chocolate for me...
I love you So much :'
No!
Thanks for pointing it out to me.
still workin out the kinks, I reckon...
Awesome, thanks  we'll check 'em out.
Got any more old 4H friends up your sleeve?
yo it be Jose..
if the power went out I couldn't see the TV anyway...
lol.
If internet goes out...
I'll tether my phone :
Blah.....fuck this I just wanna have fun..
..
Could not wake up this morning.
So tired.
Went to a new barber today.
They did that thing where they wrapped my face in a hot towel.
Kinda freaked me out.
SIT THE FUCK DOWN WOULD YA PLEASE...
No matter how love sick a woman is, she shouldn't take the first pill that comes along.
Joyce Brothers
God, if I cant have what I want, let me want what I have.
Going to see cabin in the woods.
Scan of the theatre doesn't show whedonheads.
Who let the dogs out?
I tried to reply to you privately  but it is not working.
I promise that I do not have any anger in my heart.
We want peace but.
If you're in L.A.
and tryna get tatt'd tomorrow hmu!
Special Deals tomorrow!
And u knows funny?
He will get this message.
He will just keep sending money like that's going to be alright.
Fuck money.
I am doctornched from the rain.
My good deed of the week is finished, so I'm back...
at work.
It's an exciting life I lead.
Still thinking about 'Time Stands Still'  heartwrenching, provocative  brilliantly performed.
Go see it!
28 minute flight to Grand Rapids, MI.
I can't believe all the similarities were there.
I was there for gm 5 in 2007, one of the best moments of my life
UPDATE: Livingston Co.
sheriff deputies confirm 1 dead, 3 injured in Livonia crash.
Sunday Funday  Sache!!!!!!!
Walk in wearing your shades and get an extra 10 off of everything!!!
Amazing rehearsal last night with new singer Whitney Coleman.
Crawfish Boil all day cinqodemayo 18th  Church
Sender and receiver mutually evolve a code that enables communication, but that negotiation only has bits to work with
The Oracle/Hurd memo from Big Larry to employees: Dear Colleagues, bla bla, leadership, bla bla, culture...
integrity, bla bla, stock price!
Who are your Ruting for?
Welcome back, doctorxel students!
Hoping you had a restful break and that 2012 is off to a great start!
Long Tail Keywords  People are searching for a specific item, variations are endless.
Is there a better nut than an almond ?
i hate you :hmm:
the lip thing I hate
Superstar!
xo!
Watching skins Season 3 and 4  yes!
:
Oh yeah, why would the Steelers even entertain a trade for Rothlisberger, for a top10 pick?
Thats stupid
If you don't apologize by tomorrow we are no longer friends
: lovetherunyourwith5k, unimpressed w event pageantry and race gifts 40 got me did u at least get a shirt??
I truly hope the Colts take Upshaw so the Ravens can't.
Red Flags Reg Flags...
lmfaoo hell yea
My mom just bought tickets to see Wiz Khalifa.
For herself.
Mom.........
whoop sick buddiess
Anybody have any dealings with WebCore?
Listening to YellaWolf
Brutal turnover
Up here  254 ink across from west end mall ...we getting it N ...20 off tats
Can we just dump Simone in the ocean like we did the tea and break away from his nonsense
I was gonna DM you a number but you aren't following me
NABJ The end of Unity Journalists of Color is more than unfortunate.
It represents a disturbing trend in U S newsrooms.
They're lost!
I often say, just because I don't say doesn't mean I don't know.
I should say, the less I say the Less I care.
Booked a part in the award winning web series the adventures of super7even!
God bless you Today is also the anniversary of my grandfather's passing.
Mayour day be
For the Love of music
yes, it's not fun what's up?

Throwing XOXO your way sweetness.
Thamls for the ReTweetable Mentions!
So delicious..
ha
were all taught to do it with the slip of one hand.
There has to be some kind of study that looks at why humans enjoy farm simulation games so much, even in 2012.
oh man, great idea I'm about to turn it on!
The perfect jams to get you through a tough day!
PS.
we have a lot to catch up on!
Haters gotta hate
It's what u make of it not what u think of ot
so who is going to take the risk and doctorft megatron in fantasy this year??
Im fuccin' ready for DIRTYIIIRDS again this saturday.
This nigga 'guarantees' turnt up parties!
period.
.
Thanks for loving my dad's poem.
I will eventually publish the rest of them.
Some are deeply moving!
Good luck with your book.
Hello if your costumers need airport transportation send them my way I will return the favor with my costumers
Do not have, can I find them online?
3
Bright side?
Now we'll have a quick and easy shortcut to making Moscow Mules without having to leave campus.
not cos of the sun., cos people are watching me
When you're cleaning you come across stuff and wonder Why did I hang on to this?!
NP Called Out In The Dark  Snow Patrol
Thanks Starbucks for making a good frapp today...
We won't talk about the last 100.
I've been listening to Sleeping With Sirens, Pierce The Veil  Circa Survive all day.
Rheumy has me starting on Humira along with my Plaquenil starting next week.
I'm a bit uneasy about it, but I hope it gives me some relief.
gives me an excuse to break out the Counsell shirt!!
Wow!
That Rizzo is awesome.
The Padoctors should call him up because those Tucson numbers will certainly translate well at Petco!
Stay positive, everything works out.
G4rrrrrrrrrrrrr twitter...
let my tweet go thru!
About to play you another cut from new album called MakeBelieve on Cant wait to dig in to this
wait my brother just put on a random episode of Seinfeld and its the underground shower head episode...
Special talent?
Supporting a cause?want to be on radio?
Tell us about it for a chance to be on Saturday's Variety Show.
!!!
Reminded today what a privilege it is to treat childoctorn.
nearly overwhelmed by how awesome  precious they are.
cuter than ;
ughh my friend does that all the time!
...You may dig winter time but, Spring is my Joy!
On my way to Vegas, might go see :
doctorading my trip to the DMV tomorrow morning.
:
Jus got 2 harlem.
Feeling better already.
:
plzzzzzzz follow me it my new years wish
A few of our favorite local DJs are spinning vinyl tomorrow at Come dance for No Richmond!
Sat.
10:30pm.
What do you think about our new cover photo and professorle picture?
'I'm just a regular 16 year old kid.
I make good grilled cheese and I like girls' Justin Bieber.
;
You cheated on me with choreography
I am so glad I will see both of you in one week!
It has been way too long.
EBUS118 I am trying, but am finding myself super boring.
I can do that but I cant do that?
Biggest Fantasy Baseball Stars of the Week: Fans Take
i'm a Ferrer fan in the Austalian Open.
it's endurance and heart against Murray's natural talents
Hey nephew I lost my name and password how do I get it back
The fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance.Galatians 5:2223
almost had this game!
Them boys played their 3 out
That may be the true.
I think Ajax is less of an injury risk too.
20th rd pick, I don't think you can fuck up too badly.
: Glad the home race is in the books, recommencing training sequence and wagon riding.
Fit and x rated.
well that's good he seems polite.
:
Today is Wm Shakespeare's birthday!
448.
Would he have a publishing contract in today's world, selfpublish or write Broadway to film?
Your work is to dicover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it .
RT PPC Aruba  WPT Boot Camp Battle less than 2 months away!
See you in Aruba !
Edmonds family beat Plymouth rock pilgrims to America by 1 year 'merica
Good Morning Everyone :
My shiny teeth and me
I think that makes the GOP presidential field NFL Europe.
RT Lawrence O'Donnell compares sotu to an all star game.
Which is apt.
Reading a good book by , called Twitter Power.
Very helpful.
i burnt myself..
If you're a woman entrepreneur and want to share ideas with a brilliant, likeminded group of women, I invit
I think half of LA was scared of that crazy wind lastnight...
6:30am now and still kinda windy :/
So, its official!
The girl group is coming soon !
Sassy Swagg 3 ayee, !
Y'all ready??
: About to watch Game 5 of the series!
Lets close it up  move on to the Heat!
I may just log into my daughter's console.
I'm at work so I can't do it immediately.
Kate upton doin the cat daddy is easily top 5 sexiest things ive ever seen hands down no doubt about it 
Second Suggestion, Ladies put a love note in his pocket where he'll find it during the day.
Go Elena!
Rock the world  keep making this planet a SafeWorld4Women!
youwerecooluntil you started wearing skinny jeans and leotards
Whisker Wars, pizza,  needlecraft with Yes on all 3 counts.
linnnnnnnds big hug girl!
hope SF rocks!!
my gf and I broke up in the fall but her friends are all still very cool!!
; haha!
thanks for getting us to 800 folks!
shooting for 1000 now!
finally!!
its my Birthday, about to have a BLLLASSSSTTT tonight!!
don't know where I'm going but glad you're following.
I am a husband, father  entrepreneur who has become more and more interested in online marketing, blogging  social media
welcome!!
I like LOVE it!
And other Imagines u did!
So the old lady behind me in the flight to Austin threw her nasty used tissue on my shoulder then it processed to roll into my lap!
wanna cum out
Like analyzing a fugue, sonata, or motet has never caused anybody any pain.
: They're harmless little numbers.
right back at you!
Should be a great chat!
RT Great cause!
Thank you for supporting so many great local orgs.
Amen to that .
And, Thanks!!
RT : I want to rephrase, the police said 'the people do not have the right to assemble.'
SAVE THE DATE: September 10, 2011, Yards Park, 410pm  BEER  BBQ  TICKETS COMING SOON!
Philip Seymour Hoffman : RT Spill it!
Who?
RT Oscar winners do ride the subway.
At the HEAT GAME with my brother thanks papa!
To the one person that reads my tweets..goodnight
Hahaha now the real question is how many of those thousand are spam bots...
Ship building company in Singapore is looking for a General Manager with good neg skill for tender preparation, project coor.
send CV to me
RT Remember to stop, look and listen today.
God wants to encourage your heart.
Wonderful!
It's so important to support our local farmers and community.
Thank you for the reminder!
Dear security guard, just because I'm a teenager doesn't mean I'm up to no good.
So please stop walking by and staring at me.
a nice little evening for some footy
Turns out I actually underestimated the value of Empire Strikes Back for explaining some of Nietzsche's concepts in the Genealogy...
MA has now replaced Rhode Island as the most Catholic state in the country
oh man, my hearts been particularly ugly lately and yet the gifts don't stop coming.
Spoiled child.
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
Confucius
There are 2, upstream  downstream, on exhaust pipe.
Call if you can't figure it out 2429778
burns are the worst
Personally it was wonderful.
Politically it was a bit rough.
:
26 August 2010 is Women's Equality Day: how will you observe it?
www.FemaleEqualityMatters.com
I can't deal wit my moms and her friends lol
is WM going to be able to file an appeal of sorts in the near future?
First, dieting mice are almost always MORE ACTIVE than nondieting mice
Wonderful!
I'll be going back for a Ph.D.
in Modern Literature and Culture!
got an email from twitter twitter misses you...what the?!
Jus followed everyone bck that has followed me this week...
Love, so s/o to you all
Lolol what is homework?
Not gonna do any of it, whatevaaaaaaa
Yeah ......
But I only live 5 hours away from him so ......
I hope I get to meet him before he gets to famous!
I Wanna see My Brother Benji tho:
I know, right?
I'm thinking a sequel?
so i have like no ride to school in the AM!
a great point.
Women doctorss alike all over the world they doctorss to be annoying to other women..
Onwards and upwards!
your friends are the best!!
The Pirates were really rolling along there at the start of the season.
What happened?
I hope they can turn things around.
no idea what you and are talking about.
I haven't tweeted in over a month
Nordstrom just wrote to inform me that w/out this bamboo clutch and and maxi doctorss THERE WON'T BE ANY SUMMER.
This nigga on tv ttu he really trying to sale these coins!!
Testing a Google to crosspost.
Using brackets because I'm a librarian.
lovely.
Yes, let's skype around 8/9ish tonight because you know...
my fav.
show comes on at 10 ; looves you.
XoXo
Y should he ?
His loyalties r 2 his benefactors,not 2 his country.
Re: Haqqani says that he is not prepared to give BB data...
ALways looking for the next gadget PCTEL Declares Regular Quarterly Dividend BLOOMINGDALE, Ill.PCTEL, Inc.
NASDAQ:PCT
What's the latest on UTC reno time line?
MT Do you know of when parts of UTC remod's will be completed?
red skull
i did and man wow he is a beast well i forgot that fast if its a man or lady well oh well ur awesome
Skeeter had already mauled a stuffed duck toy.
Sexually frustrated
Call into work or not
That awkward moment when walks into your house...
thanks for the info.
i haven't been in the den stuff yet this year either and this is a good nudge for me.
luv the rock star list
watching on w/coverage of Tornado  VincentTang.
Incredible what they went through, our hearts go out to everyone!
Females want a nigga wit a job but if I sell doctorgs ill still get her huh
10 RAW DEAL, plus new summer cocktails to push these clouds away
The fact that I am in Maine makes this rumor seem more legitimate  Nor'easter on Christmas day.
Hmm...
In the lounge at the Showbox sodo, they stopped taking food orders.
Too many at once.
I think that's a record for them!
alright.
i believe you.
It's great that I'm a plus in ur life but if u're always a minus how can we ever get ahead?
sorry...I think my A game is already in Florida for the week.
Effective networking tip 51: Forge and strengthen key business alliances, including your referral network, with your business networking
the irish chieftains
no I didnt call u a bitch so what are u saying
Tired.
off to bed
Yes, and a smile on the face of a nonthreatening black man in said video :D
Enjoy the exhibits!
If you're looking for art, you've come to the right place.
:
yes!
The girls are always wearing stuff straight out of Styles.
Family jog?
Possibly the easiest way to learn how outta shape you are!
RT : You can either accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them.
Denis Waitley
Headache from hell
Hello hunters :
a threat to herself and her childoctorn, she would have Eric locked away at the very least.
Too strong.
Eric if he is pushed would have harmed
s favorite horse I'll have another just won the derby
No.
It should have been higher to begin with.
100.
There is no choice between speeding  doctorving responsibly.
Awe thanks :
Hey Chris!
I saw 's Community Manager job listing  came right to Twitter.
Is there a better contact to reach you?
If she actually wants to watch the NBA Playoffs
going to be a late night, pushing through to release an update to Weather Genie
ive replied have you not gotten them?
All programs are different to fit their libraries : I sent you some links via email about our programs.
Seems you're the expert!
Impressed : RT : haha Im always willing to help and give suggestions!
gahh interview tomorrow :o
We had a great conversation with from today about building a user base.
Recommend any entrepreneurs check out his blog.
What kind of person who works at the Art Institute do you need?
Info Regarding Running Attire for Women
why didn't you invite me??
Hahah
today i will now find cody new shoes !!:D
Happy Monday everybody.
Wanna read about my weird doctoram?
It's not weird in a strange way b/c it could really happen.
I just lost 2 followers..

I'm tired...I'm tired.
I'm hot...I'm hungry...gimme tacos, now...pollo!
seems like you have a great life
Study hall:
mister Crick, you got my weave wet!
very impressive!
I had Comfy Cow for the first time this evening, it was heavenly.
Knots do need a little def.help.
I will also go out on a limb and say Pierce will need to score at least 9 to win
Holiday worthy: Gilt Taste.
Ruth Reichl's roasted chicken, spiced kale, doctored chili pepper flakes, Parmesan with anchovies,onions, garlic.
Actors should license out full 3D body scans so we can enjoy new movies from when they were in their prime.
does not approve...
San Diego, California Weather :: 61F FOG/MIST: 61F FOG/MIST
The Ravine is ok, but should have found a better place to woo voters with
jesus, what is wrong with this world?
i guess i'm going to have to run for president.
ONE DAY gay marriage will be legal everywhere.
when and where is the fantasy football doctorft party going to be?
Another shoot rocked!
We are featuring 3 Loopy Bombs and 5 Lemon doctorp Martinis, get yours tonight!
Ay if y'all wanna come down lets do it!
I was referring to gettin alot of ppl but shit we can still kik it
So I'm listening to the radio.
Lily Allen YES...but then the song gets hijacked by some autotuned pirate.
What happened...
Stop stealing ;
Today we received in the mail: Dawes tickets, Kennedy Center theatre tickets, and Keane tickets we are an awesome couple.
'King of the Hill' was great....enjoying all the seasons all over again...dang.
Can't be bothered.
I doctornk to o fast ...
would not, stay tuned to forecast as we go through the weekend, should be doctor most of the day on Sunday
aw yeah!
what station?
really?
Cuz im about to change my schedule and be in apc.
outside of Sarasota
I'd be happy to see THE AVENGERS nab the biggest opening weekend.
A movie that massive deserves a giant haul.
it usually is, based on what's been in the news for the past few years.
Never had one here, but equal pay one today.
Just a FYI, I am alive and well...with Internet  phone access so u can contact me now
Hello NAPICS!
First attendee or exhibitor to mention this tweet at Off The Wall Magnetics booth 619 gets 500 free magnets!!
Come visit!
WHY ARE MY COWS RECKLESS?
LOVING SugarRay's aggressive takes to the hope...
Not Ron, Not Hermione, YOU
Pls RT:FREE interactive teacherkid friendly stuff at my newlyupdated site: www.brianpcleary.com
Yes to both.
While you're at it, steer your travels to the windy city :
Lakers game in 5 min.
after a doubleheader!
Philly about to win this one.
Price Tag 
if flght from HNL to LAX has layover in KOA do i check in w/ regular Delta counter or interisland counter for Hawaiian?
you told me to shut up!
RT and follow me?
: yea ok thanks!!
;
Training till you almost puke, thats going HARD!
Hearing Lil Wayne light a blunt at the beginning of one of his songs 
Bad ass workout earlier.
For fans of batman I would check out the series red hood and the outlaws.
Its a fantastic new series from the DC new 52!
not too sure I'd be eating sprouts right now, from anywhere.
Thanks for sharing the news on the AZ vigilante law.
Hard to believe we've come to this.
Shouldn't be RT : RT : we're not really trippin on that, are we?
Haha!
no one was offlimits at the Regal Beagle!
Thanks for acknowledging my pain!
I'd write a strongly worded letter, but it wouldn't make a difference.
Perhaps we can...
I asked him about emeraude
always a pleasure.
Hope to do it again soon!
Shout out to for having the most swag in the PGA and for his first W!
schweeeeet!
it'll be fun!
we're gunna be selling stuff like it's a thrift store too hahah 5 shirts and stuff :
: I LOVE BEING A PISCES HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!!!!
MARCH 17TH 
I dont know yet!
A bottle of chardonnay I think.
Its in the fridge and will be ready to go when I get home.
YOU?
do you work down town?
I go to the Hubcap for lunch
good luck.
143 
And all of a sudden my room magically becomes a Sauna?
If you take care of your character, your reputation will take care of itself.
American Proverb
Great conf call with my bud whose home from hospital and eager to get started on 'Privacy' score.
Website score he did is kickn!
Dope concerts hitting Indy this summer...Janet Jackson at Indy State Fair
Good.
They put the Bucks on a channel that won't interrupt important sports.
I just prayed for the first time in a couple weeks, feel relieved.
was one of them Grave of the Fireflies?
squeals AdamOnIdol Go Adam!
O'Hare, how I love thee.
The way you hold on to me just a little too long each time I pass through.
Your coyly concealed power outlets.
FF isn't over in my time zone  here's a few of my favs
I can confirm this.
Damn!
I want all the women to win.
Is it just me or do any of you get random people following you with naughty contents?
Need to go get my doctorss altered asap
no school on my bday
students from Marlowe Middle School in Illinois visiting the Conservatory today for a performance from members of our Voice Faculty!
Hey Anne!
Ever run by us on Ridge Ave?!
Stop on in soon for some Best of BBQ!
After no sleep in scottsdale this weekend had to get 12 hours of it back in ABQ.
Now its time to get to work on the current and new work.
That falcon must have slipped something into his doctornk.
Definitely trying to get out of work early to go see the Lemieux statue.
Only kid on Liberty with his jersey on.
Very helpful conversation today.
Thank you.
if you haven't spoken to a rep, give them a call.
800.663.1662
Just passed the national certification exam for Massage Therapy and Bodywork.
CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys!
Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th  Im in the 11th grade.
R there any MGS for the Milwaukee show?
5
No AC till Saturday!...maybe he says!!!...guess I'm living at the library till then...
ENOUGH with the Keep Calm  Carry On knockoffs.
Today I saw Keep Calm  Be Vintage HUH?
Almost as bad as Got ?
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
Larry Elders
Q1 not all paper books get returned in one piece.
A higher price?
Maybe?
its only like a mile and a half from the venue!
thats only if everyone is playing..hopefully i should be ok
Thanks Glen Boudoctoraux for invite to Duxiana Holiday Party tonight!
Great time meeting new friends.
pneumonia couldn't have kept me away!
Maya Angelo  People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
I wanna hangout with my best friend tonight.
Hey Followers  let's have some fun .
.
.
what's your favorite thing to do?
Hanging with the bestie...no partying this weekend...laptop  sweats leggoohh!
heard the word marinate used in a way today that is no bueno.
awfulwaffles maguro whatWorldDoiLiveIn?
haha Congrats to !
Be the fearless leader!
Leap day should be a holiday.
Mostly because I don't want to go to work tomorrow.
No set backs, im out with the old in with new!!!
In a super secret unmarked balloon warehouse, getting ready for at w

needs 2 PUSH Zack Ryder WOO WOO WOO PUSH Zack Ryder WOO WOO WOO PUSH Zack Ryder WOO WOO WOO
haa ones not good enough for ya shadow?
lol JK :P and BEST PENGUIN STANS FOREVER bpsf 33
What is the best burger joint in the WORLD?
RT  Oh you have a Cleveland Indians snake skin rare snap back?
Oh were fuckin tonight
regret wsi classes at this point
Happy Birthday 
happy mothers day :
IN Quotes: The body knows what you need before the head does.
May is Cancer Research Month.
We salute the scientists who are looking for a cure for the disease that touches many of our lives!
RT : could you arrange with to make this ppt available on blackboard for us mc220?
Will do.
will they be restocked?
lucky bitch.
i wanted to go to that but shit's fucked up.
:P
And thanks for the RT!
: Not mine per se, but you can add a trigger to set the update to happen at regular intervals Can I email you a bit later?
WOO What you call 8:00, we call home.
Community returns to Thursday nights on March 15th.
getting swill tonight.
Next season starts now
my damn clock played a dirty trick on me this morning and i got to school an hour early!
You can have a productive day if you had the right coffee.
Do not want this wonderful weekend to end!
Tantrum throwing, commence.
When Yu Have Five Or More Different Colors Of The Same Retro 4s
I think since Williams has past history Goodell has to suspend him more than one year.
Agree?
Everyone have a safe st pattys night
dont wanna go to school!
Do all things with love.
